&gt; Subsequent validation using a separate validation cohort (n = 108), not involved in input gene list selection and training of the algorithm, yielded a sensitivity of 97%, a specificity of 94%, and an accuracy of 96% 

So if you test a 1000 people of say 40 years old, and 20 of them actually have an as of yet undiscovered cancer, with a sensitivity of 97% you are probably going to find all 20; maybe you'll miss one or two. However, with a specificity of 94%, you're also going to find 58 false-positives. 

(Specificity=true negatives/(true negative + false positives) )

So that is well ... reasonable. You'll scare those 58 people, but you may be able to cure some of those 20 (not all, some will unfortunately die of cancer anyway). This also assumes you actually have a 2% cancer rate in the population that you are testing. The lower the actual percentage of people with cancer, the higher the chance that what you find is a false positive. Still, it can become an easy test, and maybe it's worth it to continue testing on say five people to find cancer in one of them. 
Peer-reviewed article: http://www.cell.com/cancer-cell/abstract/S1535-6108(15)00349-9
is this as revolutionary as it sounds?
And then what? Full body MRI?
Is it weird I would like to take this test on a monthly basis? I'm not really a hypochondriac but I do worry about cancer as my family has some history. 
Why do I get the feeling that this, like all other 'cancer cure/treatment'
 stories on reddit, will disappear in to the void never to be heard of again?
Cool. In 20 years the FDA will approve it.
There's a documented parallel with suicides that's so prevalent that journalism codes actually talk about the prevention of suicide. This isn't widely known nowadays, I believe. 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Copycat_suicide
[removed]
I had this thought years ago. Its one thing to report on it, but glorifying it on cnn and crap news channels for a month after its happend needs to stop.
[removed]
[removed]
There's an interesting New Yorker article about this being sort of like a riot effect; it spreads because it spreads, and you can't really draw a line between them and violent behavior or psychosis.

[It's called Thresholds of Violence](http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2015/10/19/thresholds-of-violence)
&gt;"What we believe may be happening is national news media attention is like a 'vector' that reaches people who are vulnerable," said Sherry Towers, a research professor at Arizona State University and lead author of the study.

&gt;Once "infected" with knowledge of a shooting from national media coverage, data shows that a person is more likely to commit a similar crime.

&gt;"When at least three people are shot, but less than four people are killed, the media reports tended be local," Towers said. These shootings that received local news coverage, but no national news coverage, did not have the same contagious effect, according to Towers.

&gt;Jack Levin, a criminologist at Northeastern University, said it's the amount of media coverage that matters.

&gt;"It's the excessive media attention that creates the copycat phenomenon. We make celebrities out of monsters," Levin said, noting that there are trading cards, action figures and magazine covers featuring murderers.

Likely, the fact that the president has to make a "tragedy" speech after every school shooting, instead of it being isolated into local news (like the 13,000 homicides every year in major US cities). (not to mention the tenfold amount of people dying to preventable diseases that no one makes speeches or news media attention about).

It's maybe a bit like, if truck accidents on highways that lead to fatalities don't make national news... but truck accidents near a school lead to fatalities and national news reports about the truck driver (making him infamous), and the president makes speeches about dangerous truck driving... then it makes sense that someone who operates on irrational modes of thinking, would take the idea that dangerous truck driving logically leads to being mentioned by the president and national news. Even irrational people are looking for specific results.

You don't usually hear about a teenager kidnapping a ton of students and killing in a remote forest, and hiding the bodies in the woods, so that no news media finds out. The goal is to get caught, kill as many as possible, and die in a "blaze of fire" by the cops.

It's no surprise that almost every single mass-shooter mentioned "previous infamous mass shooters". They are literally taking them as role models. They mention the previous rampage-killers by name. They mention their kill count. They talk about idolizing these shooters. They are invisible and want to be infamous.

(The **Oregon Umpqua College** shooting):

&gt;On the day of the shooting, Harper-Mercer gave a survivor numerous writings showing he had studied mass killings, including the 2014 killing spree at Isla Vista, California.[68] These expressed his sexual frustration as a virgin, animosity toward black men, and a lack of fulfillment in his isolated life.[69][70][71] In them, he said "Other people think I'm crazy, but I'm not. I'm the sane one,"[72] and that he would be "welcomed in Hell and embraced by the devil."[73]


.... The **Oregon shooter** wrote this on his blog:

&gt;Two of them were specifically about recent shootings: one about Vester Flanagan, who killed two local news reporters in Virginia, and one about the officer slain near Houston in August.

&gt;Speaking of Flanagan on August 31, the blog post reads: "**I have noticed that so many people like him are all alone and unknown, yet when they spill a little blood, the whole world knows who they are**. A man who was known by no one, is now known by everyone. His face splashed across every screen, his name across the lips of every person on the planet, all in the course of one day. **Seems the more people you kill, the more you're in the limelight.**"

[Source](http://www.cnn.com/2015/10/02/us/oregon-umpqua-community-college-shooting/)
The conclusions from the [actual open-access article:](http://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371/journal.pone.0117259)

tl;dr. There is a 1/4 to 1/3 increase in probability of mass killing or school shooting in the 2 weeks afterwards. States with more firearms and fewer regulations have increased probability of shootings. 

&gt;We find significant evidence that mass killings involving firearms are incented by similar events in the immediate past. On average, this temporary increase in probability lasts 13 days, and each incident incites at least 0.30 new incidents (p = 0.0015). We also find significant evidence of contagion in school shootings, for which an incident is contagious for an average of 13 days, and incites an average of at least 0.22 new incidents (p = 0.0001). All p-values are assessed based on a likelihood ratio test comparing the likelihood of a contagion model to that of a null model with no contagion. On average, mass killings involving firearms occur approximately every two weeks in the US, while school shootings occur on average monthly. We find that state prevalence of firearm ownership is significantly associated with the state incidence of mass killings with firearms, school shootings, and mass shootings.
Malcolm Gladwell makes an argument for the mechanism that might explain this contagion effect in his New Yorker article ["Thresholds of Violence: How school shootings catch on"](http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2015/10/19/thresholds-of-violence). I thought it was a good read, fascinating story, not sure if the qualitative argument is convincingly backed by data. 
[removed]
The title sort of misses the point of the study. The title implies that the algae are injected into the host, and then are able to autonomously find and destroy the cancer cells. If that was the case that would be very cool.

The reason the title is misleading, however, is because (i) the algae are not finding the cancer cells on their own and (ii) the algae aren't killing the cancer cells. Instead the researchers "glued" a toxin to the algae and then "glued" this toxin-algae conjugate to an antibody which specifically binds the cancer cells.

The idea of cross-linking toxic drugs to antibodies is an old one, and one that has achieved some success in the clinic. A problem that sometimes occurs, however, is that these drugs are not soluble in the tumor macroenvironment. The point of the paper was to increase drug availability by tying the drugs to the algae.
Just want to point out that until I see a delivery system that 

1.) survives gastric delivery OR

2.) Is IV'able without killing the patient AND

3.) Doesn't cause a huge and potentially lethal immune response, 


This whole thing is dead in the water. 

Source: I work on killing cancer cells.  Its hard. 
It's an interesting idea but the in vitro and in vivo data is very preliminary. Demonstrating targeting in a sub cutaneous tumour in mice is relatively easy and much further experiments would be needed. Also comparing 2 cell lines isn't exactly extensive screening for the targeting. It's a decent paper and a cool idea. But definitely not worth the overexcited headline.

Source: just finished my PhD on an anti-cancer nanoparticle
Just waiting until somebody smarter than me comes along to point out why this is blown out of proportions...

*Edit:* Mmm, thanks for the gold... what do i do now?
ELI5:

Imagine it's night time and you have a billion people arranged in a grid. You've got a camera way up in the air looking down at these people, but you can't see them because it's night time. So, on some of the people, you've put reflective tape (like runners wear) on the tops of their heads. You have a bright flash bulb so that you can flash it and you will briefly see the light reflect off of the tape and see the location of those few people within the grid.

Now, classically, we would expect that if I flash the light and observe a person in position #633 for example, then when I flash it later they'd still be in position #633 (this system is cold so the "people" won't move).

Quantum mechanics, however, predicts that if I wait long enough between flashes (let's say an hour), then occasionally the person in #633 will have switched positions with the person in #632 or #634, and if I wait longer they might have even switched with #635 or further. QM even has mathematical predictions as to how far on average they would jump.

If, however, I flash the light very quickly (let's say once every second), then the chances they moved in the short amount of time are pretty much zero. The interesting part is that if I continue to flash the light once a second for 3600 seconds (= 60 minutes = 1 hour) or even longer, then I will still see the person in position #633 remain in position #633.

It appears that the act of flashing the light does more than just let us see it, it also resets the internal quantum mechanical clock of the person back to 0, which is a little weird.

Edit: I should add, this result in some ways is not a new result, but this experiment is an extremely good experiment. Previous results that are similar have been sort of all or nothing (you only look once or you keep the light on all the time, to attempt to continue with the analogy), but this one allows us to fine tune and see the transition from quantum behavior to classical behavior in a continuous way by adjusting the detecting flash's frequency and intensity.

**Edit 2**: Upon digging deeper, my analogy might need adjustment. I don't think the people are in a tight grid, but in a spacious grid with empty gaps. Instead of swapping with another person, the person is moving to a vacant space due to Quantum Mechanics. In the classical limit they would still remain in their place though.

**Edit 3**: Getting a lot of great questions, and some of them repeated, so I'll try to expand more.

* There are two different lasers. The first sets up a standing wave and this standing wave holds the atoms in place, like an egg carton holding eggs. This egg carton doesn't interact with the atoms significantly enough to affect the outcome of the experiment beyond holding them in place. In our analogy, think of it as walls built around each grid, so the person can't walk from one grid to the other. The second laser is the one we use for detection, this is the light source we use to watch the atoms (people) move around (or not move around).

* There are two different Quantum effects that some confuse, the [Uncertainty Principle](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uncertainty_principle) and the [Observer Effect](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Observer_effect_%28physics%29). This experiment has both. In physics "observing" and "interacting with" are synonyms, so whenever we talk about watching it's because we shoot photons at the atoms, the electrons absorb those photons, and then the electrons lose that energy and emit different photons (like if I give you a $20 bill and you give me back two $10 bills). We detect the emitted photons and that's how we know where the atoms are. The net result is the atoms remain unchanged. The Uncertainty Principle is the reason the atoms sometimes move. If we weren't firing our second laser the people would occasionally move from one grid space to a nearby empty grid space. This is done through Quantum Tunneling, and might seem unusual if you're unfamiliar with Quantum Mechanics but is well understood (and has been experimentally verified for many decades, and even used to design things like semiconductor materials). The neat part is that the tunneling essentially gets turned off when we're "watching" the atoms, i.e. when we fire photons at them and force the atoms to tell us where they are. Even if we weren't around to "listen" to the reply, they'd still be stuck where they were just from the photon interaction,

* The really cool part of this experiment has to do with the fact that we can tune the rate of firing light at the atoms. Essentially, lights off means Quantum behavior, lights on means Classical behavior... and now we can dim the lights to anywhere in between, and reduce the amount of Quantum behavior that we get.
Alternative phrasing which doesn't involve the words "watch" or "observe":

Quantum tunnelling found to cease/reduce when a laser bombards a sample which has been put into a special quantum state which normally allows quantum tunnelling to occur.

This experiment was made possible by developing a laser which is capable of bombarding a sample without destroying the special quantum state completely. We know that the laser didn't destroy the special quantum state completely, because tunnelling resumed right away when the laser was turned off again.
So what is the definition of "watching"? Is it by being physically observed by a living creature, or do cameras etc count? What's the difference between watching and not watching?
I think perhaps this "observer effect" will be regarded by scientists of the future as one of those "I can't believe those primitives were so myopic" kind of things. Like turning Mercury into Gold.

We "observe" quantum states with high energy destructive events or backscatter. I always liken it to concluding that cows are some form of life made of hamburger, because you observe them by shooting cannonballs and scraping the wall.
Did anyone read the article? I feel like most people didn't bother. 

&gt;The researchers observed the atoms under a microscope by illuminating them with a separate imaging laser. A light microscope can't see individual atoms, but the imaging laser causes them to fluoresce, and the microscope captured the flashes of light. When the imaging laser was off, or turned on only dimly, the atoms tunneled freely. But as the imaging beam was made brighter and measurements made more frequently, the tunneling reduced dramatically.

So basically, you have to shine a laser at them, and the intensity of the laser changes their movement... 

So it's pretty obvious that "watching" is not referring to the human concept of watching, but quite literally a laser beam affecting these which is part of the process we use to make measurements. 

I don't know about you but this stuff isn't as hard when you move the fancy jargon out of the way.

Edit: just want to point out, don't let my oversimplification fool you. it's freaking amazing that we can even influence small clusters of atoms like this. Just think about how complex this setup is. It's this kind of tinkering that leads to new techniques and discoveries. We're working on  freaking atoms for crying out loud!
[removed]
&gt; In the future, a computerized system based on this work might be able to flag a submitted paper so that editors could give it a more critical review before publication...

It might also be able to flag an about to be submitted paper so that the authors can give it more attention. 
[removed]
[removed]
This is anecdotal but in my experience there has been a distinct negative correlation between quantity of jargon and quality of the research in general. It seems to me like people who do really impressive working generally want to make it to as easy to understand as possible.
 &gt;For example, fraudulent papers contained approximately 1.5 percent more jargon than unretracted papers.

&gt;"Fradulent papers had about 60 more jargon-like words per paper compared to unretracted papers," Markowitz said. "This is a non-trivial amount."

Do they mean 1.5 TIMES more? 1.5% hardly seems like a reliable level of difference.
The title should be "When scientists falsify data **badly**". The data is only about data falsifications that have been caught
The details are available for $30.00 and a sign up. The summary says there is a free abstract but I find no link. So you might say the article does a good job of obfuscating the details.  Couldn't they just give two example sentences to show the difference. I'm left with only one conclusion: lying studies use more jargon. If any of you have ever spent an afternoon scientific journals, I think you would agree there is more jargon than communication in most of them, or at least jargon bloat. Individualized jargon specific to each discipline with little crossover. Most papers have successfully prevented access through its use and God help the few remaining generalists in the world or those who attempt to synthesize the data.
This is old news in the scientific community. This was uncovered in oil spill physical modeling about a year after the spill. See the attached article. 

http://www.rsmas.miami.edu/news-events/press-releases/2011/u-of-miami-to-lead-one-of-8-research-groups-to-study-effects-of-the-bp-oil/
Darn, I wish I would have caught this thread earlier. In the event that people see this, here is some interesting info on dispersants and oil spills (it's part of what I study for a living!). 

First, the type of dispersant used plays a big role in how it will affect the surrounding environment. In this case, Corexit 9500 was used. Research published in 2013 by Rico-Martinez, Snell and Shearer showed that Corexit 9500 and oil had a synergistic effect in regards to toxicity in rotifers.

Some dispersants used are a mixture of hydrocarbons, and can increase concentrations of total petroleum hydrocarbon (TPH) and unresolved complex mixture (UCM). However, these levels tend to balance out after roughly 33 days, according to 2013 research by Joo *et al.*

Interestingly, in 2014 Brakstad *et al.* found that Corexit was able to produce much smaller oil droplets. Using the dispersant, the 50% median droplet size was 45.5-53.7 µm after 1 hour and 16.8 µm after 22 hours. Using the physically dispersed oil, the 50% median droplet size was 128-157 µm after 1 hour and 45.5-53.7 µm after 22 hours. You might think this would increase degradation rates, **but** - and this is a big but - **we have known for a long time that dispersants may inhibit microbial degradation**. 

All the way back in 1990, Leahy and Coldwell noticed that using dispersants may inhibit hydrocarbon-degrading microorganisms. What this article fails to mention is the **huge** role that fungi play in degrading hydrocarbons following marine oil spills! Unfortunately, I doubt anyone read this at all - let alone this far - so I won't get in to it. 
I thought we already came to a consensus on this, that it only sank the oil?
[removed]
[removed]
I mean really... Does the name not imply that the purpose is anything but spreading the oil out?
Im a little late, but I just wrote a paper on this. This isn't really that shocking of news. The consensus about oil spills and dispersants is that we don't know if they do more help than harm. 

In the spill of the Exxon Valdez, we learned a lesson about oil biodegredation. A whole bunch of oil hit the coast of alaska, in trying to clean it up they actually destroyed a lot of the natural bacteria along the coast. This caused the degradation to slow down. However, they found when adding fertilizers for bacteria that the degradation of the oil was a lot better. 

Fast forward to Horizon, we used lots of dispersal agents in hope that the oil would break up allowing for the oils to be biodegraded by bacteria in the ocean. 

In the end, we really dont know if it helps or not. We knew it was better than nothing. The problem here is we dont have enough data pre-oil spills to see how well or how bad our actions in cleaning up oil spills are. 

If youre interested, heres an article on using microbes to clean up oil spills from Scientific America 2010. [article](http://www.scientificamerican.com/article/how-microbes-clean-up-oil-spills/)

Sorry about the grammar and dumbness, yes english is my first language and I suck at it.
The 90% isn't such a big thing. The key thing here is that it is lithium **oxygen**. The charge density of Lithium oxygen batteries allegedly could be up to 10x more than lithium ion. 
*would enable an electric car with a battery that is a fifth the cost and a fifth the weight*

OR, an electric car battery the current size and weight that can go 5x farther? Because sign me the hell up for that!
&gt; Other issues that still have to be addressed include finding a way to protect the metal electrode so that it doesn't form spindly lithium metal fibres known as dendrites, which can cause batteries to explode

Oh, *that*. That's no biggie
[removed]
High *gravimetric* energy density, but not *volumetric*. So **no thinner smartphones**.

&gt; The theoretical amount of energy stored when cycling between a 0 M and a saturated solution (5.25 M at 25◦C) of aqueous LiOH is about **430 Wh/kg** and **475 Wh/L**. Although an oxygen tank is, strictly speaking, not part of a Li/air cell, including its mass and volume in the calculation underscores the potentially large disparity in the energy density of closed vs. open systems. We assume the use of a stainless steel oxygen tank in the shape of a 1.25 m-long cylinder with two hemispherical ends

Well, unless you use a "air cathode", but that brings a slew lot of other issues.

&gt;Another critical system-level issue involves the open nature of tankless metal-air cells. Air contains contaminants, particularly H2O and CO2, that are very reactive against Li and Li2O2. CO2 also reacts with LiOH to from Li2CO3. Moreover, evaporation of the solvent from the positive electrode compartment can occur in an open system. Several membranes have been proposed to avoid contamination of the cell and evaporation, but there are no reports yet on total effectiveness or the long-term stability of these membranes. In case a membrane solution is not adequate, a tank and compressor solution seems feasible, at the expense of some specific energy and energy density 


http://www.eosenergystorage.com/documents/2012_JES_Christensen_Kojic_Critical_Review_Li-air.pdf

Comparison: Panasonic NCR 1860C - **676 Wh/L**

http://industrial.panasonic.com/lecs/www-data/pdf2/ACA4000/ACA4000CE417.pdf

edit: fixed link above
[removed]
Does the higher energy density increase the danger of batteries exploding? I know batteries are very stable and only react in a volatile way under a lot of stress (like hitting one with a hammer a few times), but will the higher density change the amount of stress it can take?
Reset the counter folks!

&gt; It's been a ~~27~~ `0` days since the last battery breakthrough.
[removed]
Stellerators are pretty sweet; I got to see the one at the University of Wisconsin-Madison (for research only, not power generation, but I think they've pumped over a billion dollars into that one as well).  To heat it up, they spin up 6 train engines with 1-ton flywheels, using dynamic braking to power a 10 ns laser pulse (~1 Joule in total) that travels through a vacuum to heat up the gas.  They mentioned that if it weren't a vacuum, and if there were a fly in the way of the beam, the fly would be instantly vaporized and its microscopic pieces would blow apart the stellerator.  

Edit: another cool fact about these is that they use [explosion welding](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Explosion_welding) to form the shape.
I was fortunate enough to visit that installation during its construction about 4 years ago as a physics undergrad.

The magnetic rings that are used to contain the field paired with a room in which every object that will be installed is put in with millimeter accuracy were very impressive to see.

They even have one of the presumably faulty rings outside the facility as a sort of statue to admire. And boy seeing those rings in close distance gives you an awkward feeling, how such a weird shape is actually precisely the one needed to contain a plasma stream flawlessly.

Can't wait to hear the first good news after they turn it on. Getting postive results will be a major milestone towards funding of a fusion device in neccesary proportions to generate a net gain for commercial use.
I was wondering: how does one collect the energy from a fusion reactor like this? I know the for the most part our energy production is collected via modified turbines but I am having trouble trying to determine how the energy collection would occur in fusion reactors in general.

*Edit: I should have been more specific. How do they capture the heat and convert it to electricity? Drop it in a vat of water/salt and pump the water to a high pressure steam turbine(fission does this as well)? Run the water/salt through the ring to do the same thing? Please more from a mechanical point of view. I understand I wasn't specific enough, but just saying it makes heat is quite insulting when the initial question was about if this process used modified turbines as well in the energy conversion. It's like asking if I should use a pan to make an omelet and everyone yelled out I should use eggs to make it.
That is the most random looking machine I have ever seen. Really hope it works. I have been a fusion proponent for a long time.
I still never understand: isn't the current problem with fusion "generators" that it costs more energy than the reaction yields?
Since everybody wants a picture, [here's one](http://cdn4.sci-news.com/images/enlarge2/image_3388_2e-Ornithomimus.jpg).
Discovered in his first year as an undergrad. Wow. Jealous.
In the golden age of cell phone cameras, you'd think they would realize that  a quick snapshot of whatever they've discovered would increase general interest immensely.
Peer-reviewed: http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.cretres.2015.10.004 
[removed]
I was not aware that you could get "tighter" than birds already being classified as dinosaurs. This awful title implies there is not already a concensus.
[removed]
I love how scientists can glean so much data out of what is seemingly blobs.
It amazes me, when I first took up amateur astronomy in the early 2000s it seemed like we knew next to nothing about exoplanets and today we have this and literally hundreds of identified worlds.  
I wonder if an ancient and distant civilisation witnessed our planet's formation.
&gt;"It's an exciting observation," Sallum says, "now we can finally watch planetary formation as it's happening" 

I doubt we're going to see much of the process...it's said to take between 1 and 10 million years.




So if it's 450 light years away, how many years into the past are we looking at? It doesn't seem like very many.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Would this help people with Mennieres disease at all?
This is particularly exciting because there really is no substitute for good hearing. 

While glasses can approximate good vision, hearing aids don't come anywhere close to approximating good hearing. 

Plus, they're incredibly expensive and not covered by insurance. And even the most high-tech ones, with all kinds of speech enhancements and noise filters, still don't come close to good hearing. I'm often in meetings listening to my colleagues and then some crucial fact or comment just doesn't get through -- though everyone else seems to get it.

Moreover, hearing loss is incredibly isolating. It's a constant source of humor and a scar of old-age. And people with hearing loss have much higher rates of depression and Alzheimer's...

And none of this includes tinnitus, which is just more mud icing on the ash cake.
[removed]
Paper: http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0167629615001150
What's with the tons of removed comments from the top comment?
[removed]
[removed]
I don't understand the parania about big tobacco. Wouldn't it make sense that once you are addicted to a product and that prduct is no longer available, you will go to the next closest thing?  It works for Oxycontin -&gt;heroin, I'm sure the same can be said for the nicotine in e-cigs-&gt; Marlboro. 
[removed]
Really wish these things would link the article itself in their reports.  Because what you can't tell from this is whether people who cut out fat lost weight and it was just that cutting out carbs made people lose *more* weight, or whether it was only cutting out carbs that produced significant weight loss.

It's important, too, right?  If you're trying to lose weight, but you're absolutely in love with bagels, is cutting out fat useful anyway (even if it's slower)?  The individual literature is mixed on this--which is why a meta-analysis like the one reported here is needed.

EDIT:  Found the study: http://www.thelancet.com/pdfs/journals/landia/PIIS2213-8587(15)00367-8.pdf

Low-fat interventions do work as weight loss when compared to doing nothing at all; it's just that high-fat diets work a little better.  So if you want to lose weight, do *something*.
Link to Study:http://www.thelancet.com/journals/landia/article/PIIS2213-8587(15)00367-8/abstract
[removed]
Its a common myth that fat causes you to gain weight more than carbohydrates. Lipids are metabolised much more slowly than carbohydrates, so they don't trigger a huge insulin response like a big plate of pasta does. Not as much insulin in the bloodstream means not as much energy is stored away as fat.
Is it possible people just eat way more bread, pasta, and potatoes in general? These foods make up a larger % of the average diet than butter and cheese, so they have a greater effect when you cut them out. This doesn't mean butter and cheese are "Healthier"
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
on my college campus smoking is widely looked down upon while vaping is totally accepted. so it's probably for the health defects rather than the addictive nicotine in general. 
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
6 people at my job in a small development company smoked a pack or so of cigarettes each day for over a decade. a vape shop opened up around 3 years ago, and within a month, all 6 had switched to vaping, exclusively. all 6 are now down to a negligible nicotine level.

i've watched around 25 people move from cigarettes to vaping. 23 of them haven't had a cigarette in over a year, and most of this group has titrated from 24mg/ml nicotine to &lt;6mg/ml, with an average of 2ml consumed per day. the other 2 went back to smoking cigarettes.
[removed]
[110 million smokers in India](http://m.timesofindia.com/india/Number-of-smokers-up-by-35-million-in-30-years-study-finds/articleshow/28530274.cms). Apparently smoking is booming over there.
[removed]
Thrombotic risk?
[removed]
I would be concerned about clots breaking off and causing down stream problems.
[removed]
[removed]
That is interesting.  I liked this comment: 
&gt;"...further prodding of the wound minutes later did not reopen it"

Hurt like f@ck but didn't open it.
[removed]
Ag researcher here...

Stuff like this finds it's way down the pipeline relatively frequently, but the chances of it going into production on a farm is next to nothing.

Besides the possible backlash to the industry for producing this on a consumer level (right or wrong), the public isn't clamoring for a healthier tomato.

Those that would care to spend the extra money on what would be a more expensive boutique product are generally the type of person that isn't looking for a GMO tomato.

This is pretty much a proof-of-concept product since the marketplace would most likely not support it's production.

Neat, yes...on our tables soon, or ever, probably not.

-edit-

A few things based on the ever-blowing-up replies...

1- This tomato will most likely not be available for general consumer production.  There's intellectual property tied up in it and it's ultimate purpose isn't an off-the-shelf eating tomato.  Plus, this is something that distribution would be tightly controlled.  This is the type of plant you grow in great isolation, preferably a greenhouse, because the economic damage of growing something like this in a commercial tomato-growing area would potentially be harmful.

2- This tomato's main value is the method for introducing a mechanism which allows a ramping up of production of a naturally occurring substance within the tomato.  While I do not know the exact mechanism, think of it as being a biological signal sent to the tomato that gets it to over-produce, turn on production, or never turn off production of a certain substance within the tomato.  That substance can then be extracted from the tomato juice/pulp/etc to get the final product (in this particular case, Resveratrol).  This method of production can (hopefully) be extended to other natural substance to boost production for harvest, or work in conjunction with other insertion transformations to boost the production of that thing.  Vaccines, medicines, enzymes, vitamins...these kinds of these are the final product, not the tomato, itself.

-2nd edit-

3- Why isolation?  There's no need to use a tomato like this in an open-air environment unless the isolation is known and sufficient, especially and almost only applicable in tomato seed production areas.  Very few tomato farmers save seed anymore.  The hybrid seed market pretty much owns the open pollinated market when it comes to someone wanting to plant multiple acres of tomatoes.  Part of desire to plant this particular type of tomato in isolation is to control distribution and protect the intellectual property from being reverse engineered or otherwise poked around in (this industry is a bit too notorious for this kind of thing even though sharing of intellectual property and licensing is rather friendly).  Another part of it is covered in point 4, which is...

4- Market view...  Fair or not, right or wrong, ignorant or cautious...the view of the market at large effects every grower nation-wide.  The low/no-browning "Arctic" lines of GMO apples are being rejected by major food buyers all over solely because consumers are creating backlash.  No one's growing apple trees from seeds (outside of research and hobbyists) and the genetics of the Arctic shouldn't matter...but the consumers are driving the market.  It is assumed it would harm the market of apples overall if these "Arctic" apples even exist in the marketplace...so it's not only the consumers, it's the apple growers creating backlash (because of consumer fear).  No matter how one feels it's stupid to feel this way, until the tide turns in public perception it's not only a product without a market, it could harm the overall market.  Markets drive a lot of decisions.  It gets even more complex when it comes to the foreign export market and approved varieties (if any) of GMOs.  Public perception is a hell of a beast.
Peer-reviewed article: http://www.nature.com/ncomms/2015/151026/ncomms9635/full/ncomms9635.html
The peer reviewed article argues everything but the "disease fighting" claim. If they are goign to make that claim I want a reference to an article showing Resveratrol is effective in a double blind study against a disease, any disease.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
As a physician, posts like this are troubling. Resveratrol is a famous example of a once-touted substance that doesn't actually seem to do anything good. It extended life in certain mouse studies, but this has not been borne out in human studies, and the one high-quality of resveratrol at high concentrations showed an unacceptable amount of side effects (renal failure). Moreover, supplements account for some 23,000 emergency room visits a year in the US, so hopping on board this particular hype train seems like a rotten tomato.

Tl;dr: This seems like a rotten idea.

References: http://www.myelomabeacon.com/news/2010/05/03/resveratrol-trial-in-multiple-myeloma-suspended-due-to-safety-concerns/
http://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMsa1504267?rss=searchAndBrowse
(I also read UpToDate's risks/benefits of alcohol consumption article to bone up on this, which is proprietary).
American ob here.  Started training in 1997.  So in practice for 14 years.  I have yet to be a part of a maternal death, and I pray that I never will be.  A couple of observations.  
1.  There is prenatal care available almost everywhere.   Health departments and many private practices provide prenatal care on a sliding scale.   Many people pay nothing.  
2.  Pregnancy Medicaid in most states is easy to obtain.  The income requirements are surprisingly high.  Medicaid has no copay requirements.  
3.  The population is markedly sicker.  Not only are obesity related medical problems like diabetes and hypertension far more prevalent, but patients that in the past that couldn't attain pregnancy are getting pregnant because of medical
Intervention here.  In my practice, we deliver roughly 100 babies per month.  A minimum of 15 of these patients will be over 300 pounds.  Many of them will have diabetes and high blood pressure that was present prior to pregnancy.  Even 10 years ago this wasn't an issue.  
Can anyone elaborate beyond the vague article?  Are there fundamental differences in the approaches to pregnancy and child birth in the US and Canada?  And the other developed countries alluded to?  (i.e.  Midwifery predominence, cesarean birth rates, age of primapara, etc.)
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Stop trying to twist yourselves into knots to explain this. It's not age and it's not obesity. It's access to affordable (or free) healthcare. 

Women in Canada probably visit their doctor a lot more during their pregnancy than American women, because they don't have to pay for each visit. 

It's these visits which identifies problems like Preeclampsia and gestational diabetes allowing doctors to treat these complications before they become life threatening. 

Socialized medicine isn't the horror show you've been told about. 
Physician here. Though there are many better ones, and many who are better at math, so please correct me if mine is wrong.

The Canadian maternal mortality rate is 7 per 100k, half of the US' 14 per 100k. The relative risk ratio of being an American mother is double. The *absolute* risk ratio is 7/100,000, or 0.00007. In other words, we would have to treat 1/0.00007, or 14,286 mothers differently to achieve one saved life. While it's certainly worth targeting *no* deaths, the number of lives at stake is relatively small.

The United States has a markedly different demographic makeup than Canada. African Americans are far more likely to suffer complications during childbirth, and the US has a population about six times greater than that of Canada. Much of this disparity may be due to socioeconomic injustice, thus begging the question. But perhaps not all -- it's far more complicated than simply asking if someone has access to prenatal care. 

The adolescent fertility rate (births to 15-19yo mothers) in Canada is around 13 per one thousand live births. In the United States it is nearly 50 per thousand. Adolescent childbirth is another independent risk factor for maternal mortality this also has to be considered.

Don't get me wrong -- I'd love a modified single payer system and believe that physicians should be paid less, patients should receive fewer options, and our copious medical spending should be aggressively redistributed to higher yield interventions. We should adopt the British NHS/NICE model in which interventions are evaluated thoroughly for cost effectiveness.

But if we ever do it, it will be because we make rational decisions that seem heartless. Focusing overly much on *relative* risks for relatively rare diseases, like US/Canadian childbirth mortality, is a sure path to irrational medicine.
[removed]
Anesthesia pro here. Because Obesity. Airway, airway, airway. High-risk patient population having multiple children. I understand that there are obese people in Canada, too, but this will never be an honest conversation without recognizing...the elephant in the room. They're not having as many children as our big people.
[removed]
I read an article a while ago, I'll try to find it again, it basically talked about this and said that pretty much the entirety of the disparity can be explained because of the increased average age coupled with obesity.

Add to that a rising number of women who didn't know they were pregnant until they were giving birth... so for the entirety of gestation they were drinking/smoking/doing other drugs along with receiving no prenatal care.

So it really isn't a massive failing of the healthcare system (at least compared to where it was before/other nations) just that mothers here are a lot less-healthy compared to their '90s counterparts.
&gt;The Incan high priests took the children to high mountaintops for sacrifice. As the journey was extremely long and arduous, especially so for the younger, coca leaves were fed to them to aid them in their breathing so as to allow them to reach the burial site alive. Upon reaching the burial site, the children were given an intoxicating drink to minimize pain, fear, and resistance. They were then killed either by strangulation, a blow to the head, or by leaving them to lose consciousness [in the extreme cold and die of exposure.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Child_sacrifice_in_pre-Columbian_cultures)

According to the wiki the extreme cold and dry air would often naturally mummify them. 
So I read it but I still didn't get the part where they tell us where these people came from before arriving in south america.
&gt; If scientists were to test the mitochondrial DNA of many more people alive today, they might turn up one of the boy’s relatives, they wrote.

That's cool as hell!
Peer-reviewed ("The complete mitogenome of a 500-year-old Inca child mummy") : http://www.nature.com/articles/srep16462
Well, I guess in a weird way, this boy's sacrifice was not in vain after all.
Her hunger game reference at the beginning really mischaracterized the capacocha. The idea that it was carried out by the ruling elite against the will of the populace is misleading. Many archaeologists believe that the capacocha is still performed in isolated communities in the andes during times of drought and famine without the command of an Inka elite. Instead, it would seem that the capacocha is performed by communities to reaffirm their commitment to the spirits of the landscape in the hope that it will result in increased rain or crop yield. 

Also, can we stop calling everybody in the empire Inka? The Inka were a relatively small, elite ethnic group from the Cusco basin that ruled over a population of 10 million. Not everyone in the empire was Inka just like not everyone in the Roman empire was Roman.
In Western Australia we are actively replenishing our largest metropolitan groundwater reserve.

http://watercorporation.com.au/water-supply-and-services/solutions-to-perths-water-supply/groundwater-replenishment

Looking to provide 20% of our water supply by 2060.  It's highly treated waste water (yep, includes toilet water) that is then injected back into the aquifer to then further purify naturally through further seepage until it's pumped out of the ground again.
Is it possible that measurements like this about ground water are skewed because people never really stop pumping it?  We say it is not renewable and we quote the age of the water in the ground, but are there any examples of an area that was pumped to hell and then just left alone?  I'm not trying to nay say I'm just honestly curious because I keep reading articles like this but I feel like there is more to it.
The GRACE experiment has already shown where in the world groundwater supplies are reducing fastest, India being one of the worst
This isn't new. We've known that groundwater cannot be readily replenished for a while. 

That said, this study is valuable because it adds to the pile of evidence that our greatest water worries may be ahead and perhaps this study will create hype which will direct funds towards water projects and research.
Thank god for advancements in desalination as of recent - war over fresh water would be terrifying 
[removed]
[This guy nailed it in 2008](http://travisswicegood.com/2008/02/13/expertise-syndrome-defined/):

&gt; expertise syndrome (n):

&gt; 1. becoming so skilled in a given topic, methodology, etc., that you can’t discuss it with someone who is lesser skilled than yourself as you leave out significant parts by deeming them “common knowledge”.

&gt; 2. when knowledge within a community becomes “common knowledge” and is no longer discussed at which point new comers often find it hard to find basic information.

Edit: There's an AMA from the authors of OP's study [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/3qqxs9/science_ama_series_we_are_authors_of_a_recent/) (via /u/kerovon way down [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/3qpaw9/a_new_study_finds_feeling_like_youre_an_expert/cwhkcd3?context=3)).
So is this then the opposite of impostor syndrome? Sitting in a grad office with a bunch of other people who are budding experts in their fields who all feel like we know absolutely nothing. I have young professors at the top of their game who are very candid about having the same feeling. Like the more we know, the more we don't know
Why do so many reddit posters feel like they're experts on so many broad topics?   Is it the unlimited access to information we have now?  

Or is just the way people view politics?   I think politics gives people a sense that they're on the "correct" side, and have the "correct" viewpoint, and that they're thus inherently superior to those with other opinions.  That confidence leads people to believe they're experts in fields that touch politics in some way - law, law enforcement, international relations, the economy.    I don't think you see the same amount of fake-experts in fields that are more detached from politics, like engineering. 
[removed]
Could it also be that being an expert means that you're more familiar with the leading theories on a topic, and have spent enough time to seriously consider the alternate leading ideas before coming up with good reasons to reject them? 

I know very little about economics, for example, so someone tells me something, I'll be intrigued and go look it up. I know a ton about, say, the "evolution debate" (though definitely not an expert), so when someone tells me something, there's a really, really good chance that I've heard it before and know why it's a good/bad idea and can immediately reply with my knowledge on the subject. The more information I have, the more likely I am to already have an opinion on that topic, so I might come across as "closed minded".
Zen proverb: In the mind of the beginner there are endless possibilities, in the mind of an expert there remain only few.

Zen mind is the beginner's mind.
This happens a lot in development. Someone gets promoted to Sr developer or worse manager and suddenly they have learned everything and know exactly how to do everything. Ego is a hell of a drug.
I find it amazing how we are able to calculate this type of information based off such limited data.
What happen to the speed of sound if the medium is moving faster than the speed of sound in this resting medium ?
Does the speed of sound increase, decrease, stay the same ?
[removed]
&gt;The day side of the planet appears blue due to scattering of light from silicate haze in the atmosphere. The night side of the planet glows a deep red due to its high temperature.

That sounds unpleasant. It's pretty incredible that the planet itself seems to be blackbody radiator *in the visible spectrum*. 

EDIT: This is /r/science, I should have anticipated corrections.
Groovy! A wind seven times the speed of sound blowing from its dayside to its night side. Does anyone know if a Giant 'Blue' Spot can form on the surface of this planet, just like Jupiter's Giant Red Spot, with storms like that?
I assumed this was due to the tendency of the refs to intervene and stop a match once someone couldn't defend themselves the first time....rather than giving an 8-count to stand up and allow additional potentially-damaging blows to the head.
There's other ways than making a person lose function enough to fall down to win in MMA.
Hardly surprising. Boxers get a chance to get back up and recover after getting hit with a potentially concussive blow whereas in MMA if they're knocked down the fight has a good probability of being over soon. 

On top of this, it mentions the fact that most injuries occur during training. MMA fighters also simply spend less time getting hit in the face they train kickboxing (the shots taken are distributed throughout the body) and grappling (where sometimes ground and pound is used, but is very light). 

Hopefully research like this spreads and informs policy. I somehow doubt it though. 
Makes sense though, in boxing if you are disoriented but not knocked out they stand you back up and make you keep fighting till you get knocked out.  In MMA if you are disoriented but not knocked out you'll get taken to the ground.  Also in MMA the stand-up fighting tends to be done at a longer distance because close quarters ends in take-downs instead of clinches more often than not. (edit also kicks get a longer reach than punches which adds more risk when closing to strike, I wonder what the comparison is between boxing and kickboxing)
Boxers get repeatedly punched in the face and body as the sole means of dealing blows. MMA has a dozen other combinations. It took 10 years to reach the conclusion that "overall less blows to the face" means "less likely to lose consciousness"?
&gt; Western states had the lowest rates of completion and compliance. Southern states had the highest completion rates, yet compliance rates were moderate, indicating that children were receiving vaccines late, but catching up by age 2. The most undervaccinated state was Alaska where 55 percent of children completed all recommended doses by age 2; whereas, Mississippi had the highest completion rate at 77 percent.

Wouldn't have guessed that Mississippi would have the highest vaccination rate for children. Good for them.
My two year old has not received all his shots due to months of ear infections back to back that required antibiotics and eventually surgery. They don't vaccinate kids on antibiotics. I wonder does this study account for cases like mine? Getting ear tubes is a pretty common procedure. 
I feel like I should see more data around this as it seems like it could be really misleading.   I have a 2.5 year old.   The immunization schedule won't allow vaccines to be delivered even a day before 24 months old.   Since that was a Saturday,  we had his vaccines administered 2 days after 24 months. From the sound of the article,  he would be in the not fully vaccinated at  24 months category.      Maybe they built a window into the data... Or not  can't really tell from article
What percentage of 5 year olds have received recommended vaccines?

Edit: Thought I'd answer my own question. Here's a chart that extends the age by a mere 11 months:
http://kff.org/other/state-indicator/percent-who-are-immunized/
That's not that concerning, I bet if you extend that out another year or two the vaccination rate goes way up. It's really easy to miss vaccinations or put them off a little due to illness or scheduling issues with your doctor's office. Once school age gets nearer, most people get caught up.
One of my high school classmates just posted to facebook, wanted to make sure everybody knew that vaccines came in part from aborted babies.  

edit: I'm pro vaccine, he is anti vaccine and post that kind of crap from time to time.
My coworker, a nurse practitioner, refuses to give her child the flu vaccine. Everything else is fair game, but she is absolutely convinced the flu vaccine causes the flu.
The two lead co-authors of the study will be giving an AMA on Monday. 

Thanks to Irena at Meta for helping to set it up. 

Edit: **If anyone is interested in a spot in [Meta's limited beta](http://meta.com/reserve) there are still a few left.**
The methodology was that the persons self reported their diet. I hope they controlled for liars.
http://www.npr.org/sections/thesalt/2015/01/14/377238265/we-lie-about-what-we-eat-and-its-messing-up-science
Wouldn't that be because of gut bacteria which would change after some time and I am guessing would then trigger more similar responses?
The topic title is *very* misleading. The study found that a given meal will produce different *glucose responses* in different individuals. That's one tiny facet of nutrition. It's not as if chocolate cheesecake is healthy for some people and carrots are noxiously unhealthy for others.

Bad on the article writers, though, not the OP, since OP simply copied the misleading title, rather than coming up with it themselves.
Damnit... when am I going to have microscopic machines swimming around my entire body communicating with a computer that tells me what I should eat, reminds me to drink water, and diagnoses my illnesses before I show any symptoms?
&gt; "It is arguably difficult for severely disabled infant chimpanzees who are not able to walk on their own to survive”

That seems like a bit of an understatement.
Chimpanzee mothers will carry around a dead baby until it falls apart rotting, so it's no surprise that they would also care for a disabled one.

Edit: I figured I'd add a source here so no one has to scroll for it. 
This is a 20 minute documentary called [Jokro: the Death of an Infant Chimpanzee](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fY7r7AOKm3k).  It's fascinating, a bit horrifying, and narrated well.
Here is the peer-reviewed journal entry: http://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s10329-015-0499-6
This is so weird. My last comment on another thread told about how a couple of days ago I saw a documentary about Orcas that included a disabled Orca being adopted and cared for by different Orca families over the years. It was unable to hunt, yet had been supported for 17 years. Now I find out monkeys also care for the disabled.

So that is both Monkeys and Orcas that have more empathy for the disabled than Ian Duncan Smith.

EDIT: correcting autocorrect. Again.
[removed]
did they test the chimp for downs? I assume it probably occurs on the same analogous chromosome 


[chromomsal line up of human and chimp](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/06/Humanchimpchromosomes.png/800px-Humanchimpchromosomes.png)
This is lovely that the baby chimp had so much care and was so thoughtfully looked after by its mother and sister.  These animals are more human(e) than a lot of people out there.
Anyway to lower these markers? 
Does the inflammation caused by allergies count. I have nearly constant allergies.
Med student here. I'm seeing a lot of misunderstanding in the comments, with people asking how to lower the levels of CRP, reduce inflammation, or if they should take anti-inflammatory drugs to treat their depression. Maybe I can help clarify.

CRP is a protein that's made in the liver. We call it an acute-phase reactant, because we know it gets released into the blood when white blood cells are mobilized into tissues, a state called inflammation. It is a non-specific test; CRP doesn't cause inflammation, and it may get released due to other things we don't know about, but in general we take a high CRP to mean that there was inflammation somewhere in your body at the time we drew blood. I'm sure you can imagine that a lot of people will have completely benign inflammation here and there causing a bump in CRP, and that it doesn't always represent some sort of generalized state of constant inflammation. 

The other thing to note is that inflammation is meant to change the way your brain functions, so I am not surprised to hear that they found some functional differences in this study. If you have an infection, which is what most often causes inflammation, your brain essentially notices your high white blood cell count and acute phase reactants in your blood and decides to operate on what you might call sick mode. In sick mode, you want to rest and avoid other people so they won't get sick. I don't have the study in front of me, but a rat injected with inflammatory markers will start to do these things, because it's brain switched to sick mode. It's an evolutionary advantage to have this happen. 

All that aside, what was found was a correlation between what we think is a molecule that usually represents inflammation and some functional changes in the brain scans of depressed people. This may not mean anything at all. It's entirely possible that these people were depressed first and developed some inflammation second. Depressed people often are less able to take good care of themselves. Depressed people also are more likely to exhibit drug use or self-injury, things which obviously also might cause inflammation. Finally, we might be totally missing something, and there might be a reason other than inflammation that CRP gets released in depression. Maybe there's different signaling to the liver to release the protein. Maybe CRP elevates when certain neurons or neurotransmitters are out of whack. 

What I'm trying to say is that this is an interesting study, and it furthers the field of research, but this is not useful clinical information, at least not yet. Your depression will not be helped by trying to treat inflammation, and there is no benefit to checking your CRP and trying to lower it, with the caveat that chronic medical illnesses can contribute to depression and you should treat those. If you have Crohn's Disease, for example, by all means check the CRP and treat the inflammation, because those are parts of standard treatment for Crohn's, and treating your chronic disease will help your mental health. 

What you should take from this study, and many others like it, is that physical, emotional, or biological stress seems to be linked with brain function. Excessive stress over long periods of time changes your body chemistry, and now we're seeing that it also may change some brain chemistry as well. What you should do is not chase a lab value or experiment with Advil as an off label treatment, but instead try to reduce your stress. Talk to a counselor. Plan your day, don't let things pile up. Find a little time each day or two to do something you love. If you are miserable in your situation, don't wallow, but instead start finding another situation that might be better. Take good care of yourself - exercise, eat right, aim for 7 hours of sleep if you can manage it. Keep your home clean, and practice good hygiene. These are all old staples of mental health, but they also can reduce stressors on your body and not just your mind, and we now know that's important, too. Good luck out there.
sooo... would ibuprofen help?
The article seems to suggest that they only considered two year programs.  This may shed some light on the differences between this and other studies.
[removed]
The researchers in the study applied for jobs that didn't require a college degree, though.  
  
So I think the take-away of the study is that for-profit college might not make you seem generally more qualified for jobs with no specific educational requirements. If you want to be a nurse, engineer, etc., you still have to get a four-year degree.
I'm somewhat surprised the rate was as high for for-profit as it was for community college. All else equal, I would have expected it to be lower. 
I'm a hiring manager, but my VP has the final say on everyone who we end up employing. More than a few times, I've heard her say stuff like, "They said they have a degree, but it's from University of Phoenix (or Devry, etc), so that's basically no college."
I know a financial adviser who prefers to hire people who spent their first two years of higher education at a community college. He views it as a sound financial decision which is important in that industry.
[removed]
[removed]
This isn't anything new. Yes psychosis exists on a "spectrum".

There is no "on/off" button in the brain for psychosis, but there is levels or degrees of psychosis. 


Some healthy people can have auditory hallucinations that they find helpful and think of as companions - but it doesn't interfere with their well-being or mental health therefore is not a problem. 


Edit: http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2702442/

&gt;hallucinations are not only associated with illness but can also occur in healthy individuals. For example, data from 6 community survey studies in various countries indicate that 7%–30% of children and adolescents report experiencing hallucinations.

Not only that you have hypnagogic and hypnopompic hallucinations which are very common upon falling asleep and waking.
Your eyes don't see much of what you think they see. Your ears don't hear much of what you think they hear. From a neurological standpoint, your subjective reality is always one big constructed hallucination. The only variance is how closely aligned to the objective world around you that projected subjective world actually is, and where it varies, how important those variances are. On one end of the spectrum, you get things like optical illusions and a pretty solid grasp of what's actually around you. On the other end, you get schizophrenia. And lots of things push you back and forth on that spectrum. 
[removed]
Wtf happened to all the comments? 
[removed]
[removed]
the OP's title is old news (yes a "new study" would say that, but only as a recap/summary), but the study does seem to find a few additional details about the social complexes involved such as



 

&gt;But Carter also noticed that for many bats, getting denied a snack by an empty-bellied but otherwise willing donor didn’t doom the relationship.

&gt;In fact, the donors who previously couldn’t give to their hungry neighbors gave even more once they had a meal to share, “just like how you might be especially generous to a friend if you were unable to help them for a long time,” says Carter.

&gt;The find suggests that female vampire bats constantly keep track of whom they can turn to in a time of need—and actively work to repair relationships that have gone off-track.
[removed]
Reciprocal altruism isn't new. 
[removed]
So what's the energy usage compared to other desalination methods? Any possible downsides? 
http://pubs.acs.org/doi/abs/10.1021/acs.estlett.5b00303
Can someone ELI5 what this means?
I understood "room temperature."
Awesome. 

But, can someone explain the no-communication theorem to me? I cant get my mind around why entangled particles cant transmit information. 

Cant determining the spin on the receiving side be constituted as information from the transmitting side?
Quantum entanglement will never allow for faster than light communication. The speed of light is the speed at which causality occurs. All things that are mass less, or a force travel at this rate of causality. Notice the article makes no mention of faster than light communication. It can however be used to encrypt and synchronizing satellites. 

Unless we discover something different about how physics works, QE will not allow for FTL communication. 
Guys, I've invented faster than light communication, hear me out!

You have a box with a red ball and a blue ball.

Without looking, you take one of the balls and put it into another box.

Now no matter where you are in the universe you can send 1 bit of data to the person who has the other box! Just by opening your box you know what color the ball is in the other box, so you have instantly sent a bit of data to the other box determining its color. All you need is 8 of these devices and you can send an entire byte of information.
Here's the abstract at least:

&gt;In a classical view of hematopoiesis, the various blood cell lineages arise via a hierarchical scheme starting with multipotent stem cells that become increasingly restricted in their differentiation potential through oligopotent and then unipotent progenitors. We developed a cell-sorting scheme to resolve myeloid (My), erythroid (Er), and megakaryocytic (Mk) fates from single CD34+ cells and then mapped the progenitor hierarchy across human development. Fetal liver contained large numbers of distinct oligopotent progenitors with intermingled My, Er, and Mk fates. However, few oligopotent progenitor intermediates were present in the adult bone marrow. Instead only two progenitor classes predominate, multipotent and unipotent, with Er-Mk lineages emerging from multipotent cells. The developmental shift to an adult “two-tier” hierarchy challenges current dogma and provides a revised framework to understand normal and disease states of human hematopoiesis.
The YouTube address doesn't work in the article.  Here's one that does:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D08FMKDppVQ
Why do they insist on using the word dogma? It has such negative connotations, and I don't really see how there was anything dogmatic (i.e. it was forbidden to question it) about the previous model.
This is an article that's going to get intensely mis-interpreted by the press and is going to sway public opinion in favor of non-anthropogenic global warming. While the study is solid, the fact remains that in spite of this ice gain, global sea levels ARE rising and we now have another problem at our hands - where is it coming from? From the article: "If the 0.27 millimeters per year of sea level rise attributed to Antarctica in the IPCC report is not really coming from Antarctica, there must be some other contribution to sea level rise that is not accounted for"
A few things about this study.

First, it's based off satellite altimeter measurements, which is basically bouncing lasers (or radar) off the surface of the ice sheet during repeated orbits and working out the elevation based on how long it take for the laser to return. Over time, changes in the elevation can be detected and this can be attributed to gains or losses in the ice mass. There is a lot of uncertainty due to scattering in the atmosphere, changes in the orbit of the satellites, surface conditions (snow and ice at the surface will have different effects) and much more.

Many previous studies have found that Antarctica is gaining mass in the east, and losing mass in the west, but overall, most found the losses exceeded the gains. Obviously this latest study disagrees. Some of these other studies used different methods, like modelling changes in the ice based off ice velocity changes, or measuring the gravitational changes in the ice sheet or a combination of methods.

Whatever method or combination of methods used always found very large levels of uncertainty though.

The main way the ice sheet gain mass is through increased snowfall. Now, much of east Antarctica is several km above sea level due to the thickness of the ice sheet. All year round, it's well below 0C. So even a significant warming of the air here will still result in almost all precipitation falling as snow. So when the air warms, it can hold more moisture, and thus more snow can fall and accumulate. This is a negative feedback in the climate system, but is not evidence against climate change.

Even Greenland is now gaining more mass during it's winter months due to warmer air and more snowfall, but in Greenland, the summers are much warmer and mass loss is a lot larger than the gains.


--------------------------------

Anyway, just remember, this is only one study, using altimeter measurements. There are different methods, different studies and with different results out there. The main thing with Antarctica appears to be uncertainty on the balance between losses in the west and gains in the east.

Perhaps we'll see more studies agree that Antarctica is gaining ice, perhaps we won't. We'll have to wait and see.
This is a total Antarctic measure, and what's interesting is that the rate of gains is slowing, even if it's still in the positives.

Also, not surprisingly, not all Antarctica is equal with respect to ice gains/losses, so an overall gain is not all the information anymore than saying 'The US saw an increase in rainfall this year' tells you anything about droughts in California.
&gt;According to the new analysis of satellite data, the Antarctic ice sheet showed a net gain of 112 billion tons of ice a year from 1992 to 2001. That net gain slowed   to 82 billion tons of ice per year between 2003 and 2008.

The ice that is forming is from 10k years ago - it compacts every year.  It is adding less 10 years ago than it did 20 years ago.  I don't see how this disproves climate change. 

The ice that forms matters.  Land ice vs sea ice, snow that we know will compact into ice vs other sources, etc.  There is nothing here that disproves anything other than we are not sure what is causing the ocean to rise.
I'm confused about how we could find sugar on a comet. Can anyone explain how that could occur?

Also, how would a plainly exposed life form survive entering Earth's atmosphere? Similarly, how could it survive the impact itself?

edit: Thanks for the replies helping to clear things up so far! I originally misread the article thinking it suggested life itself could have arrived on a comet, not simply the ingredients for life. As a geologist it's a theory I'm already vaguely familiar with (the idea that life on Earth may have extraterrestrial origins), but I have more questions for anyone interested:

Why couldn't the simple sugars or ethyl alcohol have formed on Earth even before an impactor containing either of those landed here? By the same token, what unique processes/conditions would allow them to form exclusively on smaller/faster celestial bodies? And wouldn't these molecules be susceptible to combustion along the way due to the heat of entering Earth's atmosphere, possibly rendering them unable to form more complex molecules after their arrival? It may be painfully obvious at this point that I don't know much about organic chemistry...
So, purely out of scientific interest, would it actually be possible to drink that stuff?
I am completely incompetent on this kind of thing, but couldn't that superhero bacteria live long (mutate) enough to become the villain?
It boggles my mind how the human body is host to a collection of organisms fighting to keep it alive.
We are going to soon realize that gut bacteria is one of the biggest keys to fighting many human diseases.
also, the prefrontal cortex is associated with impulse control, so that may be the issue at hand.
Peer-reviewed : http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/oby.21313/abstract with a title: "Neuromodulation targeted to the prefrontal cortex induces changes in energy intake and weight loss in obesity"
[removed]
What caused this storm to strengthen so much and so quickly?
Having gone through Katrina, I'm curious how this compares in two ways: 

1. I think for most Americans Katrina is our metric for horrible hurricanes. How much worse will Patricia be?

2. Katrina is often called a man made disaster due to the various conditions on the ground that made the humanitarian situation so much worse (everything from wetland loss to an inadequate evacuation plan). Are there similar issues on the ground in the likely impacted regions? What is being done to address them? 

Lastly, if anyone wants to donate to an organization to help do you have any recommendations?
Also, folks, we in /r/tropicalweather are always looking for meteorologists and weather enthusiasts. We are following the storm closely.
If I remember correctly, Katrina weakened before making landfall as a Cat 3. How rare are Cat 5 landfalls?
I actually live close to Manzanillo, in guadalajara, and the only thing i can say is that i'm preping for this as if it were the end of the world ; w;
There's a bunch of people 'extrapolating' from the category system that this is a Cat 6 or even 7.

Is this storm likely to trigger an extension to the category system?
What are the chances of survival in Puerto Vallarta? I have an uncle there and he posted earlier on Facebook that he got supplies but I'm not sure he is fully aware of how strong this hurricane is. He is not picking up the phone and I'm very worried about him.

EDIT: He finally replied and is OK so far. It looks like Patricia isn't going to hit Puerto Vallarta so badly. I really hope the people of Manzanillo and Emiliano Zapata stay safe.
Given that this is the "strongest recorded storms in history" which has some pretty incredible data(mainly the temperature at the hunters flight altitude which was about 82 degrees), do you think a storm bigger than this could form next year, and could it become an annual occurrence?
With sustained winds over 200mph, this makes the hurricane as powerful in terms of windspeed as an EF4 tornado, except the winds experienced in a single location could last for much longer than they would in a tornado.

Given the nature of a tornado (tight, circular winds) and a hurricane (generally blowing in 1 direction, but for longer), would the damage profile between the two be similar purely due to windspeed, or would we expect significant differences?   In short, can you compare this storm to an EF4 tornado?

Finally, given the incredible strength of this storm, will we now see the creation of Category 6 or even 7 for rating hurricanes?
I don't mean to sound selfish, or to distract from the danger posed to Mexico, but as a resident in southeast Texas, what can we expect to see in the US?  From what I've seen there's already a tropical system in the gulf and remnants of Patricia may well "join" with it.
What are the factors that have made Patricia grow so powerful so quickly? I assume ocean temperature had a lot to do with it, but what else? Are these factors going to become more common in the future as global warming gets worse?
No question but just wanted to say thank you. This use of science is literally saving lives. Great job! Keep up the hard work.
[removed]
[removed]
Ref:

The downside of tobacco control? Smoking and self-stigma: A systematic review

http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0277953615301283
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Discouraging *any* behavior will result in a knee-jerk reaction toward continuing the behavior. *Encouraging* alternative behaviors probably will have better results.
Is this new? This already happened with hard drug ads previously that depicted things like cocaine on a glass table or other drug using instruments. We covered this in an abnormal psych class. Being presented with a something heavily associated with your drug use will re-engage the addictive "circuitry" leading to heightened cravings etc... and increasing chances of relapse.

Something else that strikes me from this class was that the neuroscience of addiction with regards to nicotine is somewhat different than that of others drugs. Nicotine addiction is far more dependent on the circumstances of use in general; or rather, your addiction kind of binds the environment of use AND the drug with the reward pathway. It's why many people will smoke in the same situations each day; like on their regular walk home, over coffee, whenever they drink etc... In fact, it's been stated that the best time to quit, by far, is when undergoing a significant life change such as a move or a new job. Even if that's not the case, taking alternative routes home and things like this can help. Anyway, in that vein, it would seem even more likely that depictions of smoking may lead to relapse. Unless of course I have that backwards and the lack of familiar circumstance actually proved to be a restraining factor.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
They aren't supposed to stop people from smoking, they're supposed to stop them from starting.
[removed]
Damn, spiders have got it rough, some species of male spiders ripping out female spider genitalia and some species of female spiders eating the male after coitus.


Paper: Securing Paternity by Mutilating Female Genitalia in Spiders (*Larinia jeskovi*)

http://www.cell.com/current-biology/abstract/S0960-9822(15)01232-4
Does this species have a high level of success in fertilization or do they rely on sheer numbers to maintain the species?
Aka peer pressure happens to educated people as well.
This was a small study but it was done with Waldorf parents where over half of students are unvaccinated. The authors argue potential solutions need to reframe vaccinations in a way that such parents would understand. They feel highly educated and often reference studies to suggest they know as much or more than doctors. Therefore, appeals to authority will not be impactful. Instead they suggest (I've bolded the highlights since it is long): 

&gt; Lewandowsky and colleagues (2012) show that cultural cognition can be mitigated if belief-challenging information is presented to people after an experience that affirms their self-worth or core values. But this is tricky. For instance, the CDC's aforementioned “Why Immunize” page begins by stating it is “reasonable to ask whether it's really worthwhile to keep vaccinating.” This certainly affirms Waldorf parents’ “think for yourself” ethos. But it also can be taken to suggest that non-vaccination is reasonable. Affirming informed health care consumer engagement more broadly could have forestalled that. For Waldorf parents specifically, core values to be affirmed include the priority placed on children's schooling and dedication to their health, both of which demonstrate a commitment to good parenting...

&gt; To increase community demand among Waldorf parents, vaccine promotions should leverage parents’ favored ideas and address community concerns. **One obvious response to the present findings would be for smaller manufacturers to develop more “natural” and non-industrial vaccination formulations, along with marketing and distribution plans authentically opposed to those of big pharma.**

&gt; **More immediately, vaccination intervention efforts should drop the neutral language that implies false equality between vaccination choices and begin deploying culturally consonant imagery. Pro-vaccine messages aimed at Waldorf parents should emphasize how vaccination, booster shots included, help children's immune systems self-strengthen naturally (vs. working synthetically, or in lieu of the child's own biology).** Analogies also could be drawn from homeopathic medicine here. Moreover, possible “side effects,” such as fever, could be recast as indications of self-strengthening and bodily renewal and as demonstration that the benefits of childhood illness are not being foregone (regarding such in West Africa, see Leach and Fairhead 2007:116). The fact that even fully vaccinated children experience (ostensibly potentially beneficial) febrile illness during childhood anyhow also should be highlighted. Messages regarding vaccination series for young teens (e.g., human papillomavirus [HPV], meningococcal conjugate vaccine [MCV4]) as well as catch-up shots and boosters (e.g., Tdap) could confirm the maturity of teen bodies and thus the developmental appropriateness of these vaccinations...

&gt; **In light of parents’ cognizance of risk for exposure, messages might target diseases that are statistically more dangerous instead of globally recommending all immunizations when parents are simply not interested in full coverage (yet). The very fact of an outbreak may be used as evidence that now is the time to vaccinate for that particular disease—particularly if high vaccine effectiveness is proven (media coverage of vaccine ineffectiveness will undermine a just in time campaign strategy).** Statistics regarding injury and death due to the outbreak can be used to offset any accusations of fear-mongering. Also, because of parent's distaste for profit motives, factually backed references to the vested interests of people and companies promoting vaccine refusal and delay or alternative substitutes may be helpful.

&gt; **It is also important to know the statistics regarding vaccine-related injuries, including those attributed to purported toxins and to put them into comparative context to demonstrate how favored childhood activities (e.g., climbing trees) or every-day undertakings (e.g., eating carrots) can be, relatively speaking, far more dangerous.** Clinicians should have individual vaccines available for parents disinterested in the cocktail approach so that, rather than leaving with nothing, a child might at least get the single vaccination.

&gt; **Reminders that vulnerable individuals need protecting may have value too, given Waldorf education's high-level orientation toward the public good.** “Community immunity” can be referenced, but glib use of the phrase “herd immunity” is ill advised: It can be taken to imply “going along with the herd”—which is not in keeping with the Waldorf ethos. **All messages should leave intact parents’ self-conception as “individual thinkers” as well as “conscious” parents** (see Lewandowsky et al. 2010). And they should carefully avoid acknowledging that vaccination is a polarizing issue, as this in itself can trigger group-identity confirming cultural cognition (Kahan 2013).

&gt; Reminding parents that school community belonging has more to do with education than vaccination and is itself proof of one's independence of mind is key to breaking the grip of cultural cognition on vaccine uptake at Waldorf schools. **Publicizing that about half of Waldorf students are fully vaccinated and that total non-vaccination is in fact rare will also be helpful, as should recruiting socially esteemed parents (or teachers and staff) who are pro-vaccination, supporting them in publicly championing vaccination within the school community, and demonstrating that vaccinating one's children is not inimical to being free thinking or to school community membership.** Indeed, because such actions have the potential to dislodge vaccination's social stigma, these could be the most important practical steps of all.
&gt; ...in order to conform to in-group mentality... 

That's why most people do most things.
[removed]
And now, we're all going to judge them from the comfort of our reinforcing social group.
If they were truly educated, they would vaccinate their kids and then just lie about it to conform to social group mentality. Amateurs.
We must ask ourselves: If these highly educated parents are risking their children's lives to conform, are they *truly* highly educated?
Good on the authors for voluntary retraction.
It really sucks when authors have to retract a paper. It's embarrassing and can really damage their careers. However it always makes me happy to know that pride did not get in the way of truth, it happens quite often.
"The authors," but mostly a bunch of people on the internet: https://pubpeer.com/publications/989FBE60680F308F7BF98BB22F3C50
[removed]
[removed]
Having the accompanying 6-month parental leave to go with this miracle solution (of breastfeeding for 6 months) would help.

Ever tried breasfeeding when you have to be at work for 10-12 hours a day to feed yourself and the rest of your family?
Not disagreeing with the article's argument, but yikes, breastfeeding is hard. 

I'm a new dad and the first month of breastfeeding has been borderline traumatic for my wife. It's a skill that both mom and baby have to figure out, with the stress over how to nourish your new baby properly, you add the pain involved, milk supply issues, and then top it off with the attitude out there that if you're not blissfully breastfeeding at the drop of a hat you're  some sort of terrible mother. 

And heaven forbid even considering formula to help out, you baby poisoning monster!
This is a really well written article. It talks about issues in America a little, for both men and women, about promoting breast-feeding, and then it goes into issues in other countries and how some of them can be fixed. Definitely recommend reading the article and not just the title and a few comments.
When more kids survive people have less kids. They put their resources into less children because they see a future for them. Hans Rosling has an excellent ted talk on the developing world and how lower infant mortality equals families having less children. https://www.ted.com/talks/hans_rosling_shows_the_best_stats_you_ve_ever_seen
The problem is that the mothers in poverty stricken areas are often malnourished themselves. A woman with malaria and aids who is 70 pounds underweight isn't able to breast feed since she is either not producing any milk or not a sufficient amount and/or the milk is not nutritional what so ever.
In women.  Men were not part of this study.
If one part of your body is healthy, your whole body is most likely healthy meaning another part of your body is also likely to be healthy.
[removed]
Just in response to those people who promote the use of probiotics:

Almost all otc probiotics are composed of food derived cultures, primarily Lactobicillis and Bifidobacterium.  These cultures do not naturally colonize the intestinal tract, and because of this you would need to consume these probiotics (or yogurt cultures) pretty much daily.  These won't do anything to restore your natural gut microbiotum.  However, they might help to prevent certain strains of bacterium, namely C. diff, from overpopulating and causing pathogenesis.  Ultimately, there is little clinical data that supports probiotics.  I wouldn't go out of your way (and out of your pocket) to purchase probiotics when you can accomplish the same thing from ingesting yogurt.  
Paper: http://mbio.asm.org/content/6/6/e01693-15.full.pdf+html
The worst part of this is the many doctors who will prescribe antibiotics for *viral infections* like colds or the flu just to placate the patient. They are likely actually harming them, perhaps for a long time.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
I thought this was common knowledge?  

I don't remember the source, but I remember reading a study where partners, one of which were snoring loudly, were seperated during the night. The non-snoring partner would feel much more relaxed the following day.
It doesn't mention anything about REM/sleep cycles. Wouldn't that be a significant variable, since what stage of the sleep cycle you're woken up at effects the mind too?
It's interesting but it still seems to be conflating forced awakenings with non-forced ones. It seems like there could still be a difference there. So yes it may be applicable to getting woken up by kids, etc, but maybe not if you wake up on your own in the middle of the night.
I thought it was common practice to wake up for an hour or so in the middle of the night, like some type of inverse siesta. From what I remember reading, though I can't find where now, the practice died out with industrialization, the standardization of time and light bulb.
Not mentioned in this article:

* Hall-effect thrusters have thrust measured in the milliNewton scale, as opposed to the MegaNewton scale of conventional rocket engines.

* The specific impulse (rocket efficiency, or ISp) of a Hall-effect thruster is anywhere between 1500 and 8000 seconds.  The model claims to be about edit: ~~4000~~ 2000 seconds (vs the 300-450 of conventional engines).

* They do not operate under their own power and require an external power source.

* Due to their low thrust, they are typically not suggested for use with manned missions.  Payloads are very heavy for manned missions, so you need a ton of power (Megawatts of it) to get an acceptable thrust.  Probes have a much easier time with them because they can be much lighter, so the little bit goes a longer way.

* These are not the same as VASIMIR engines.

Edit: should have checked my math the first time.


Is this anything new? I remember reading stuff with almost this exact title years ago when I first joined Reddit.
The flip side of the coin is that, amazingly enough, many cancer types can also commandeer monocytes to become PRO-TUMOR immunosuppressive cells called Tumor Associated Macrophages (TAMs). Immunology in the tumor microenvironment is whacky.

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tumor-associated_macrophage
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Or..

Couples who are happiest have sex [at least] once a week.
&gt;"Although more frequent sex is associated with greater happiness, this link was no longer significant at a frequency of more than once a week,"

Well, you can only be SO happy. What happens when a couple has sex daily and then you cut back their rations? I'm pretty sure it seems significant then.
[removed]
Is it because couples who are happy with each other have sex, and couples who fight a lot don't? Or is it actually having sex? I think it's the former.
This makes me happy because I sometimes feel like something is wrong when my partner and I only have sex once a week yet we are happy.The quality of the sex we have is really high though. I  just feel like there is this stereotype that not having sex multiple times a week is bad and alarming.  
&gt;Gender, age, or length of relationship were not determining factors, suggesting that stereotypes about men wanting more sex, as well as older couples having less sex, are not entirely based in fact.

I'd like to know if the amount of masturbation by the individuals factored into this conclusion
Did the study mention if they were exclusively having sex with each other?
[removed]
It's a big conclusion to draw, to call someone 'bisexual' or 'homosexual', based on the response to watching a picture of someone. Are you attracted to that person? Do you wish to engage in a sexual relationship with that person? Or are you just identifying with that person in the sexual situation?
I'd read some time ago that a study found that women were found to respond physiologically to both men and women whereas men responded to only one or the other. Does anyone have any insight into this? Was further research done? 
[removed]
*Even though the majority of women identify as straight, our research clearly demonstrates that when it comes to their physiological sexual arousal, they are either bisexual or gay but never straight," Rieger said.*

Arousal--at least in the sense that causes one labels oneself as hetero/homosexual--is a subjective sensation. If you stick a probe on me and try to tell me whether or not I'm in pain, it's just an approximation; *I'll* be the final authority on whether or not I'm in pain. 

If your study is finding self-identified straight women as being  more "aroused" when looking at pictures of other women than of men, it's worth a good look at the blunt way you're measuring arousal.  I think before we go off talking about some new breakthrough here, we should cover our bases--particularly given difficult nature of quantifying Psych results.  It's one thing to say that women increase vaginal lubrication when they see "stimulating images," and *much* more far fetched to let ourselves conclude that "all women are a little bit gay."  

Edit: Clarified my point 
Fun fact: this also works with pictures/videos of bonobos having sex.
Does becoming sexually aroused by seeing attractive females necessarily mean being attracted to said females? Because maybe there's some sort of sexual empathy going on, the exposure to sexual depictions reminding you of, well, sex? That seems like a better explanation than the secret lesbian conspiracy.
An older study (sorry, don't have a reference) interestingly found out that homosexual and heterosexual man respond with dfferent patterns of brain activity when they are aroused, while hetero- and homosexual women responded with the same brain activity when aroused. 

Which leads to the conclusion that true male bisexuality is somewhat rare (as it requires two different sexual responses to be formed by the brain) while true female bisexuality is much much more likely. Another conclusion of that study also was that women are generally likely to react with arousal even when watching a woman having sex, no matter their preffered sexual orientation.

That study also suggested that women evolved that way to react empathically to another woman having sex.

Nonetheless, there ist still the grey area that our sexual responses are a combination of physical, neuronal and hormonal responses all interacting with each other. 

Furthermore, things are complicated by the fact that women have the mental capability to suppress awareness of their sexual responses - which men usually can't.
This article keeps comparing the findings to findings about men's sexuality. Where is this information? Who says the same thing isn't going on with men? Couldn't it just be that everyone gets aroused when seeing attractive people or people having sex? I know thats the case with me for the most part. 
&lt;div class="md"&gt;&lt;p&gt;This article keeps comparing the findings to findings about men&amp;#39;s sexuality. Where is this information? Who says the same thing isn&amp;#39;t going on with men? Couldn&amp;#39;t it just be that everyone gets aroused when seeing attractive people or people having sex? I know thats the case with me for the most part. 
Edit: Nvm apparently that&amp;#39;s not a thing that men do too frequently. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
A lot of children getting chemotherapy have serious side effects later in life.

It's sad but considered the lesser of two evils.
I was treated with platinum based chemo when I was around 5 years old (late 80's, kidney cancer).  I have high pitched hearing loss, lower pitches are alright.  I can't hear F's, S's, certain bug noises, high pitched electronic buzzes, etc.  I'm in my early 30's now and don't suffer from neurocognitive decline yet that I'm aware of.  This is going to make me pay more attention though.  I also suffer from barrett's syndrome from the radiation.  Overall though I'm in good health and living life fully now.  We'll see in another 20-30 years where I am.
Doesn't really matter in the end. I'd bet they'd prefer to be alive with hearing loss than die of cancer. 
As opposed to 98% of children with brain tumours who aren't treated at all end up with death.
&gt;There are many possible reasons that could explain why active blood donors appear to live longer, according to the new study.

&gt;Ullum is not sure that the act of donating blood itself is directly responsible.

&gt;Some people, who have too much iron in their blood, could benefit from blood donation if it helps to reduce their iron levels, he says.

&gt;But Frydenberg has other suggestions.

&gt;"Going into hospital could make you more aware that you must take care of your body,” he says, adding that there could be a number of other different explanations.

This makes a lot of sense. I'd also imagine people who regularly donate blood are more aware of their health in general, and donating blood could be a cause or effect of donating. 
all I can think about is when blood letting was considered best practice in the middle ages.  

......Although props to all those who donate!
I've been giving blood every 7 months since I was 14 and I am 22 now.

My blood is especially valuable because it is both CMV negative and O Negative.

I don't do it because I want to live longer, though...
Aww, except my sister, who donated blood and then passed out on the way out. She fell face first into the reception counter and totally screwed up her front teeth and broke her palate. It's been two years with braces and her teeth still aren't right. 

But that was a freak occurrence! Donating blood is awesome and everyone who can do it should!
If we only had some kind of way to update information on an annual basis where the data could be accessed through some form of digital reading device.  We could make this information available for free, always up to date, and save trees to boot...

It's a dream I have.
If that's what it says in California, imagine what textbooks are saying in the rest of the country.
Whilst it is absolutely important that this is addressed as unscientific, we should not be using an argument from authority ("majority of climate scientists") as a counterpoint but rather evidence.

The majority of scientists have been wrong before and will be wrong again in the future, or at least incomplete. This headline makes science sound like the opinion of experts. It should have read "contrary to the expansive volume of evidence of human-caused climate change" without that middle part.
Fix the books. Science isn't an opinion. Either climate change is real or it isn't. If we don't know, then the book should say that. A science textbook shouldn't teach that science is an opinion. It's not. That's what makes it science 
"Temperature changes have happened before. For instance, the last time there was mass extinction."

That makes me feel better. 
I'm in my 40's, with a college degree, working at a university.  I had to sit and think through the logic of "happened no more slowly than".  That's some wretched wording.
We already knew that there were very rapid climate change events in the past. Volcanoes, asteroid impacts, etc. would cause very severe and very rapid changes to the climate. 

This paper seems to be looking into ways to use contemporary data to analyze how the climate may have fluctuated during the large periods of time between data points that we can observe in the ancient past. 

There seems to be an element to some of the posts here implying that this paper indicates that recent climate change is not particularly noteworthy or cause for concern. That is not the case. 

We have hundreds of thousands of years of *annual* ice layer data and thousands of years of tree rings. We have a very long period of "high resolution" records that demonstrate that the recent changes to the climate are extremely unusual and rapid. 

What we don't have is this kind of data going back millions of years. For that the kinds of information are only indicative of changes over much longer periods of time than one year. This paper seems to be looking at ways to "fill in the gaps" by modeling what is going on in between. 

This is of course important work, but it seems rather technical and more relevant to the scientific community than laypeople. The conclusion that recent warming is highly atypical and indicative of the large effects that human activity is having on the climate is entirely unaffected by this paper. 
Correct me if I'm wrong, but all I really got from the article is "we don't really know how fast climate change happened in the past because there isn't enough data."
This is so deceptively worded its absolutely painful to read. From what I can tell they're trying to say that: If you take our current climate change but over a vaster period of time (like an entire age), then its very similar to past changes.

But thats obvious is it not? Of course if you minimize the change by dividing it over thousands of years its going to look small. The problem is its not over thousands of years. Its over like 50. 

*Ive been corrected, thanks everyone. lol
This AMA is being permanently archived by *The Winnower*, a publishing platform that offers traditional scholarly publishing tools to traditional *and* non-traditional scholarly outputs—because scholarly communication doesn’t just happen in journals.

To cite this AMA please use: [https://doi.org/10.15200/winn.144586.60603](https://www.thewinnower.com/papers/2872-science-ama-series-my-name-is-joe-bondy-denomy-and-i-discovered-the-first-anti-crispr-proteins-which-suppress-bacterial-immune-systems-now-my-lab-at-ucsf-is-exploring-how-crispr-works-in-bacteria-i)

You can learn more and start contributing at [*thewinnower.com*](https://thewinnower.com)

&gt; Though many children in developed countries now start their formal schooling at an older age, a growing body of empirical studies could neither conclusively point to improved test scores nor higher incomes from a delayed kindergarten entry, the study stated.  

Interesting... so academically seems to have no impact, but from a mental health standpoint seems worth considering. 73% is a whooper of a number too... 
It would be interesting to see if the structure of the kindergarten had anything to do with it. Now-days kids seem to be getting less recess and play-learning time, and are expected to sit still for longer and have homework and more rigorous academic work. Its like kindergarten is the new 1st grade. In this way, it would appear to make sense that the kids do better in kindergarten when they are 1 year older, because really they are being expected to do 1st grade level work with 1st grade level behavior. 
Delaying kindergarten seems like a ploy by parents to keep their kids at the top of the class by creating a comparative sample of less developed kids. 

I bet the older ones kick ass in gym too. 

I could wait to enrol my kids even a year later; I bet they'd do even better. 
[removed]
Where in the hell did they get *that* idea?
They tried using pigeons to guide missles and they've also used pigeons for search and rescue and came up with promising results. They would put 3 pigeons in harnesses into a glass dome at the belly of the aircraft. The pigeons were placed so it had a 120 degree view to observe. When it saw something like a person or boat it would peck on a panel and the message would be relayed to the pilot. Apparently pigeons have very good eye sight.
If a doctor misdiagnosis me as not having cancer, but I do have it and subsequently die, then that is unfortunate but understandable. If a pigeon misdiagnosis me as not having cancer, but I do have it and die, my family might wonder why a pigeon was doing my medical screening. 
Yes, when there is more time in a day, people are able to do more things.

This reminds me of the 'study' that 'proved' people were using sick leave to extend their weekends into three-day vacations, because 40% of sick days were on Monday and Friday.  
Permanent daylight savings time is the best solution. I want daylight when I get off work and can play, not at 8 am when I'm stuck at my desk. 
You guys are all misinterpreting the extra hour. There is now an extra hour of darkness in the evening because let's say sunset was at 7:30 2 days ago, yesterday after the change it was at 6:30, so between 6 and midnight there is now an extra hour of darkness which is compensated for by it getting lighter earlier in the morning. 
Lets turn them 24 hours forward and there won't be crime.
so this is darker than [Vantablack](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vantablack), i guess. cool. 

[removed]
So would the blackest material absorb 100% of all visible light, or could there be even 'blacker' material, that could maybe absorb all wavelengths (or at least a broader spectrum of wavelengths) of electromagnetic radiation?

Would it be [blacker than the blackest black times infinity](https://youtu.be/ec3wNNysg8A?t=5)?
[removed]
I might have misread the abstract but from what I understand it doesn't increase production of it but it increases its effectiveness in those that the receptors are defective. Such as people with autism, or drug users.


&gt;Deficits in this signaling mechanism may contribute to social impairment in autism spectrum disorders and might offer an avenue to treat these conditions.

This also reminds me how schizophrenic people end up socially isolated because they don't feel pleasure and have little desire to form relationships.
Hi Nicholas, and thank you for doing this AMA!

A couple of questions for you:

1. Prenatal testing has come to be seen as a logical extension of the genetic revolution because it can help prospective parents have healthy babies. Yet disability rights advocates raise important questions about this idea. Adrienne Asch, for example, argues *Do not disparage the lives of existing and future disabled people by trying to screen for and prevent the birth of babies with their characteristics*. The issue seems to get at the heart of what is 'normal' and what does it mean to be 'healthy'. What role do you think genetics has in this conversation? How do you think about this tension in your own work?

2. Human behavior. To what extent do you think human behavior is determined by our genes (if at all)? Our some types of behaviors more or less genetically determined (i.e. dietary preferences, predisposition to violence, humor etc)?

3. As a human geneticist, what does 'race' mean to you, and what value is there (if any) to dividing humans into racial groups?
How realistic is the possibility of one day being able to have your children "custom-made" on a genetic level? Most importantly will it be possible to "install" genetic predispositions for e.g. high intelligence, musical talents, language acquisition etc
We're starting to hear more about the ways in which trauma can alter a person in the generic level, and that the resulting alteration can be passed down hereditarily. How does this work? What are the effects? And lastly, if a person's genetics can change due to trauma, is there a chance we change our DNA at other times and for other reasons as well (eg pregnancy)?
Science AMAs are posted early to give readers a chance to ask questions and vote on the questions of others before the AMA starts.
 

Guests of /r/science have volunteered to answer questions; please treat them with due respect. Comment rules will be strictly enforced, and uncivil or rude behavior will result in a loss of privileges in /r/science.


If you have scientific expertise, please verify this with our moderators by getting your account flaired with the appropriate title.  Instructions for obtaining flair are here: [reddit Science Flair Instructions](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/wiki/flair) (Flair is automatically synced with /r/EverythingScience as well.)

So if you are more of an extrovert you are more likely to self-report that you are a good singer? I guess this could explain the behavior of some completely awful singers at karaoke bars. I would be more impressed with this if they used some objective measure to determine singing ability, or at least something quantifiable like perception of tone. Also, introverts may still have "open" personalities. 
Substance abuse was also associated with sophistication, openness and active engagement. 
This is just another psychological study that will not, can not be duplicated.
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/08/28/science/many-social-science-findings-not-as-strong-as-claimed-study-says.html?_r=0

Seriously, these studies are completely useless.
This is great! Now if only we could save bananas from the disease killing them...
[removed]
This thing we call the biosphere is an incredibly delicate network of hundreds of thousands (perhaps millions) of interconnected variables. Every organism and physical process is dependent upon one another. 

This is why I dont like the term "climate change" or "global warming" It denotes we are only altering a small part of this network, the climate, through simple temperature increases, which is disingenuous and makes the issue seem simpler than it really is. 

What is really occurring is ecological degradation, what is happening is biocide. We are deleting and altering nodes in this delicate web of variables faster than the web can reorganize and adapt. Every species we push to extinction, every biome we pollute, every novel organic we release into the water or the air, puts us one step closer to a potential cascading failure. Anthropogenic activity is risking collapse of the planet's life support system. 
Dr. Novembre,

Thank you very much for offering this AMA. This is an area in which I have a tremendous interest. I've a simple question for you, which is unfortunately prone to enormous social conflict.

Is the concept of "race" a biological construct or merely a social construct?

If race is biological, how many different human races are there, and how is this determined?

Thank you very much.
Hey John! Thanks for taking the time! We all know about the [lactose intolerance story...](http://www.els.net/WileyCDA/ElsArticle/refId-a0020855.html) what's your favorite signature of evolution in the human genome?
Hello John, thank you for coming here to answer questions.

Are there any geographic results that are truly puzzling? For example, some tribes of native Americans with unexpected ties to other geographical areas that may seem unlikely, or any other anomalies? In general, what are the big unsolved mysteries or unlikely results in this field or in your work?
I admit I don't understand this at all - are people supposed to avoid antioxidants when exercising?

And is there an ideal schedule for these intervals? I've seen people suggest everything from 15 seconds to 5 mins. Thanks.
Hi Niklas,

Do you have a description of the routines studied and their effectiveness? I'm interested if specific movements had the tendency to be more effective.

Thanks.
I do intermittent fasting (up to 3 days each week) and continue to work out. It has been amazing - strength increasing and fat disappearing. Do you have any thoughts on fasting and if it acts as a stressor, like HIIT?
In light of your findings, what further research do you believe should now be done to improve exercise recommendations to the public?
Does the [7 minute scientific workout] (http://www.medicaldaily.com/why-7-minute-workout-works-high-intensity-circuit-training-331160) qualify as HIIT? 
Hi Niklas,

I have a question : should antioxidants ,like vitamin C or E, be taken before, during or after exercises or is it better to not take them at all? Or should it be taken "after burn effect" subsides eg. 16-20 hours after workout?
Are there differences between a HIIT cardio workout and a HIIT weights workout?  Or is it just HIIT workouts in general that are beneficial?
This is only a small part of the reason, the real reason was 100 years of over fishing that destroyed the ecological loop and has effected the entire region / fishery and other species. You can't just sit back for 6 years and expect the fishery to come back and feed you again....it can take decades, and requires a restocking effort of other vital species to spur the system into gear. Think Buffalo...Buffalo Bill Cody and the Congressional push to slaughter, and the American plains indian, except underwater.
What are the biggest "known unknowns" that you think shipwreck excavations will help uncover? Have any "unknown unknowns" have been discovered recently? Do you think you can find any ships from the "Sea Peoples?"
The article mentions "unique cargoes, some of which have been found for the first time....". Can you give examples, and do these items change any current concept of maritime trade in their respective periods?
How much does the food we eat affect the likeliness of our ending up with these diseases? I've read a lot in the last few years that it's near 100%. Are we able to confirm any number near that high? 
Stress, smoking, poor diet... those are all risk factors that everybody knows about.

What are some risk factors that people are not familiar with but are very common?
As a long time asthma sufferer, I would firstly like to thank you. My question however is, what kind of treatments are they looking to for the future?
Hi Mr. Daehn. Thanks for answering our questions. I'm an industrial designer and often have to make DFM (design for manufacturing) documents that inevitably are sent to China for production. In fact neither I or my colleagues have ever had anything produced in the united states due to the higher costs of manual labor, even though tooling and part-quality is generally considered to be far superior state-side. What do you believe it will take for production for once again take place domestically. Smart/flexible production machines that end up off-setting labor costs? A larger workforce trained in manufacturing? Rising prices in transport or foreign labor that makes us reconsider dealing overseas? Or is maybe having a global economy a good thing in your opinion? Thanks for your time and thoughts.
Transgenic mice with designer receptors exclusively activated by designer drugs are being studied as they sleep while we very which cells are activated in their brains. Imagine being that mouse; this truly is the future, in all its beauty and all its horror.

And even after all of that even a remotely complete picture of what sleep is and does eludes us. We certainly have a long way to go.
The intelligence difference, which the article somehow neglected to report, is 1/10 of a standard deviation, or **1.5 IQ points difference per child**. In other words, a first-born is expected to have an IQ 1.5 points higher than a second born, who is 1.5 points higher than a third born, and so on.
&gt;We also observed a significant decline of a 10th of a SD in self-reported intellect with increasing birth-order position, and this effect persisted after controlling for objectively measured intelligence.
The study might be 99% sure that birth order affects intelligence
but it does not say that this is due to nurture. The cause of the 
effects, as related by the reporter, are not given. So where does
the reporter think he or she is going with the cutsie rif at the end?
The story is distorted by the spin as in most science reportage.
For some reason, I distinctly remember taking one of those state wide exams in the 1st grade. We had already taken one round early in the fall, but some of us were picked for a 2nd round of testing that winter, all together it was about a single classroom pulled from the entire grade. We started talking among ourselves to figure out why we were picked, and the only common thing we could find was everyone was an only child. Found out later we were selected because we had the highest scores in the school. Always found that to be a weird coincidence.
[removed]
It's nice that I'm able to show off my degree here since I don't use it for anything in real life.

Edit: reddit gold and my highest rated comment ever? I guess my degree paid off after all!
Thank you for the information! I will... most likely eventually get around to this :)
The only reason I'm doing a physics degree is to get some sweet flair in a few years. 
EDIT: Phone-Auto correct.
What if I have a chemistry degree, but have done everything I can in the last 15 years to forget what I learned?

I figured out three years into the program that I hated chemistry; and it made more sense to just finish out the fourth year rather than switch to something else.
Does computer science count?
Those of us over in behavioral sciences...

http://i.imgur.com/P3vYEE2.jpg
I have a masters in marriage and family therapy. Would that count towards flair? 
TIL everything is considered a science degree 
As someone who doesn't have a degree related to science I just wanted to say that I really appreciate the effort to label people! I really enjoy browsing this sub for the purpose of seeing (what I previously just had to believe to be) more educated opinions/viewpoints. This will significantly improve my enjoyment of this sub!
Hey manolis! You have worked on nearly every major population genetics discovery sample from hapmap (building a haplotype map of the human genome), 1000 genomes (sequencing of 1000 whole human genomes), ENCODE (mapping functional regions of the genome), and now GTEx (mapping the regulatory network of genes in ~100 different human tissues). Two questions- what do you think have been the greatest successes and failures of these kinds of big data public resources? The genetic material contributed by these subjects must be some of the most studied in the world- how have these resources shaped the landscape of genetics, and how have these resources failed to live up to their promise (given that genetics hasn't been the panacea we all had hoped). And finally, what's next? What large scale population resource would you develop next, if I handed you, say 100 million dollars for the next 5 years?
&gt;12 participants; 4 men, 8 women. 
The key impetus behind this study was to examine the whole 'small meals throughout the day reduce appetite' myth. They concluded that people hunger after the same quantity of food regardless of the number of instalments they eat it in.

However, the study did only involve twelve adults, so we'd have to do this again with a larger population to make sure. 
The way that title is worded, I thought this meant it caused dormant HIV to become full-blown AIDS.
For those curious, the drug in question is [Disulfiram](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Disulfiram). Disulfiram inhibits the acetaldehyde dehydrogenase enzyme in our bodies, which is of course responsible for metabolising acetaldehyde. Acetaldehyde is the primary metabolite of ethyl alcohol, and it's what's largely responsible for causing the hangover. 

The reason this drug is used to treat alcoholism is because it severely magnifies a person's hangover due to the body's inability to clear acetaldehyde. It creates a psychological negative connection with alcohol. 
I feel concerned about the fact that the goodness of fit in the study is so low. 

Things that were inversely predictive of children’s altruism:

* frequency of religious practice: r = .161
* household spirituality: r = .179
* overall religiousness: r = .173

I'm not a social sciences guy, but I know that in any physics experiment I've done, if I gave results with a goodness of fit that low I'd be laughed at.

[Just look at the plot.](http://www.cell.com/cms/attachment/2040068276/2053595203/gr2.jpg) I'm having a lot of trouble being convinced that this study predicts anything at all. 

EDIT: Fixed bullets
There is a lot of argument over the significance of the statistical variance in the study. As an atheist and a skeptic I think that's actually a fair argument. The difference between theistic and atheistic targets is pretty damned low. However the study does show one thing conclusively. That is, children raised in atheistic households are *no less* altruistic than children raised in religious ones. 

That is an important observation because it is contrary to the still widely held belief that atheists, like myself, are unloving, uncaring, spiteful, amoral or immoral. We know in our hearts that we are happy, giving, loving, well adjusted, ethical and morally guided individuals, but there's just no convincing people who believe you need a god to be good.

Hopefully this study and others like it can be pointed to, not as examples of how we are better without religion, but how we are no worse without it.
Kind of stupid to refer to children as atheist or religious to be honest. You don't know what you believe in as a kid. 
I feel compelled to point out that the authors didn't attempt to control for the parents' strictness in raising their children, or how the parents scored on the altruism scale.

I'd like to see them do a follow-up study to see how strict the parents were in disciplining their children and see how that correlates with generosity of the child.

My point is that with the study as-performed, we can't really distinguish between effects due to religiosity and other behaviors learned from the parents.
[removed]
Before all the atheists join the 'religion is bad' train there are plenty of other studies confirming the complete opposite.

Edit: Quick searching brought me two studies already:

[Religion is good for kids](http://www.livescience.com/1465-study-religion-good-kids.html)

[Mental health of children who grew up with religion is better](http://ftp.iza.org/dp5215.pdf)

Edit 2: Funny how people are already trying to debunk these studies just because they prove the opposite of what they believe in. Anyway, just wanted to show that you should take most studies with a grain of salt since most of the time there is another study saying the complete opposite, so don't jump to conclusions so fast.
Peer-reviewed ("Highly divergent ancient gene families in metagenomic samples are compatible with additional divisions of life") : http://www.biologydirect.com/content/10/1/64
Can someone ELI5? This sounds terribly interesting but I'm also stupid and I don't do well with dense language. 
It's necessary to remind many that we are in an Ice Age interglacial period, which is a short time where the full Ice Age disappears, due to massive loss of glaciation from high altitudes and latitudes. Those full glaciations usually recur after 8-12K years, so we are overdue. &amp; they can last 25K-75K years, as well.

When the total ecological disaster which was the last full Ice Age ended ca. 13K yrs. ago, a massive new growth and speciation occurred in the Northern Hemisphere, resulting in huge new areas of fertile, temperate forests and the creation of 1000's of new species. The soil had to be rebuilt as well, as it was most all scraped off by those glaciers.

Here's a map showing the extent of the Ice Age ecological devastations in North Am, alone. Those in the Tibetan regions, high altitudes and in Eurasia were far, far vaster.

Nature can and will adapt to any new climate, except for an Ice Age, which covers millions of sq. miles with glaciers under &amp; near which very little can grow.

https://www.google.com/search?q=%22+north+american+glaciation+map%22&amp;biw=1280&amp;bih=909&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0CAYQ_AUoAWoVChMI2uKW8KmVyQIViiYeCh2WqQ7m#imgrc=aIjjYZ-isyimYM%3A
My balding boyfriend was super excited until he looked up the price of this drug. $7000 a month.

You could buy Donald Trump's solid-gold toupee with that kind of scratch.
The question for me is, does topical administration of jakinibs result in off target effects in other tissues or circulating blood cells.  

I also want to know if, like Rogaine, you have to continuously apply it for it to continue to work. 

I'm 28 with no hair on the top of my head so I shave my head, but I'd rather keep doing that than have to regularly apply jakinib cream or take a xeljanz (which is expensive) every day and have a weakened immune system. 

I remember meeting John O'shea, who discovered xeljanz with Pfizer, a few years ago and hearing about some people who grew hair while taking it. 
"Some had high hopes the genetic engineering would correct this trend in evolution, but sadly the greatest minds and resources where focused on conquering hair loss and prolonging erections." - It's really happening.
Does this mean that we are largely underestimating how long small bodies stay geologically active? 
So what does this mean for astronomy and going forth with learning about Pluto?
[removed]
Conceptually, I am not a huge fan of oncolytic viruses. The idea is cool, for sure, but to me there are lingering questions about mechanism of action, safety and efficacy.

Take the anecdote from the article, for example:

&gt; The strategy builds on a phenomenon that has been appreciated for more than a century. Physicians in the 1800s noted that their cancer patients sometimes unexpectedly went into remission after experiencing a viral infection.

My understanding is that most of the clinical response in these cases, though, is driven by the virus/pathogen stimulating the immune system. Cancer goes to great lengths to "turn off" the immune system (so it doesn't kill the cancer cells). Some infections, however, can jolt the immune system out of the dormant state, allowing it to attack both the pathogen, and cancer cells. If that is the case, then checkpoint inhibitors seem like a better option (antibodies against PD1, CTLA4 etc.).

My second concern, is long term safety. Most drugs have well-defined pharmacokinetics. You put them in, and you can predict how long they will stay in the patient and what sort of mischief they might get up to (i.e. side effects). Viruses seem much less tractable -- genetic material has this annoying habit of trying *to find a way*. The long term effects of oncolytic viral therapy just are unclear, and that worries me.


Thanks for doing this AMA - science is awesome!

What are some of the worst chemicals/toxins that the average person puts into the environment on a day to day basis? Which ones are avoidable, and how?
Welcome and thanks for doing such interesting and important work!

We've been hearing a lot about [microbead](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microbeads) pollution lately. What are the effects of microbeads on wildlife, humans and ecosystems?
Why did anyone expect Qualia to come from the sensory organ?

I get that we're turning over some very old established 'wisdom' with this study, but are we going to be equally shocked when we discover that 'red' happens in the brain and not on your retina?
Did anyone think otherwise? Isn't is obvious that the tongue is just a sensory organ and that the brain does the lion share if not the entirety of putting the signals into perception cognitively? 
This is silly. Everything comes from the brain. Sensation and perception wouldn't happen without the brain. 
Um. This thing sounds more like hell on earth than some sort of promised land. 

It has 19X the radiation of the earth, permanent daytime on the sun side, is 500F and cannot retain water....

Edit: lol saw this on FB. The planet sounds pleasant. ["39 LIGHT-YEARS AWAY, CLOSEST EARTH-LIKE PLANET IS A DYSTOPIAN NIGHTMARE"](http://sciencepunch.org/2015/11/11/39-light-years-away-closest-earth-like-planet-is-a-dystopian-nightmare/)
What you can barely see in the video is the cockbird is also holding a piece of potential nesting material in his mouth which is part of the display.

The birds in question are blue capped cordon bleus. There is more than one species.
Wow, sounds like whale song.
[removed]
Oh lord. Please no more computer based training.... 
I don't . . . . feel like it's fair to think that these researchers have uncovered some universal truth about male and female experiences.
Wow that's completely generalised.
Seems like it's a social thing. I'd like to see this kind of study done world-wide with a much larger and diverse sample size.
[removed]
The research release materials omit the point that the study was in accelerated aging SAMP8 mice, which is a good enough reason to take the usefulness of all the claims with a grain of salt.

J147, a drug candidate for Alzheimer's disease, has been under investigation in animal studies for the past few years. It has now been tested in the SAMP8 lineage of engineered mice that suffer from accelerated aging, and the researchers are touting a slowing of that acceleration of aging as measured by cognitive decline and changes in gene expression. As is often the case, omissions and oversimplification of necessary details occurred somewhere between the lab and the publicity office, and as a consequence people are paying more attention to this research than it merits. The most important of these omissions is the fact that J147 was tested on an accelerated aging mouse lineage; without that detail, the publicity release makes the research sound much more useful than it is.

Researchers frequently start work in animal models that have been altered to allow for shorter studies. The cost of these studies is large in comparison to working with cells, so being able to cut that cost in half, for example, by using an accelerated aging lineage is often worth it. Mouse studies can cost millions and take years, and a million dollars goes a long way in early stage research; there are always other projects that need funding. Unfortunately when it comes to research potentially relevant to aging this use of accelerated aging lineages usually means that the results are very technical in nature and largely meaningless for anyone trying to judge whether not the outcome is useful. The literature is littered with examples of researchers slowing the progression of - or partly reversing - accelerated aging by somewhat fixing the issue that caused that accelerated aging, and then later finding that their work had little to no effect on the progression of normal aging. Part of the problem here is that there really is no such thing as "accelerated aging." Aging is an accumulation of cell and tissue damage, yes, and what looks like accelerated aging can be created by piling on damage, such as by interfering with DNA repair mechanisms. But the end result bears only a tenuous relationship to the progression of normal aging, and once you're down to the detail level of building therapies based on manipulating specific cellular mechanisms it is unlikely that benefits to an accelerated aging lineage also accrue in the same way for a normal aging lineage.

There are always exceptions. Senescent cell clearance was first demonstrated in accelerated aging mice, and then later showed the same sort of benefits in normal mice. In that case there were good technical reasons and a weight of evidence to lead researchers to expect that the results would carry over. That isn't something that a layperson can be expected to wade through for every line of research, however. The exceptions to the general rule are infrequent enough that, personally, I'd advise people to just ignore published research results in accelerated aging mouse lineages. The press invariably makes much more of it than it is worth, and most of this work loses any possible relevance to normal aging as it progresses. It never hurts to wait and see rather than get excited over this sort of result.
Does anyone know what the relative risk is from eating processed meats? I keep seeing articles saying "as bad as smoking and asbestos," etc., but that can't be the case. Smoking increases your risk of lung cancer by 20+ fold. Here they are talking about an 18% increase for one serving per day. You'd have to eat a lot just to double your risk (which, incidentally used to be the threshold for causation IIRC). 
&gt; There isn’t an exact definition of 'processed meat,' but most often (including in this article), it refers to meats preserved by smoking, curing, salting or adding chemicals such as sodium nitrite. They include ham, bacon, corned beef, salami, bologna, pastrami, hot dogs and bratwurst.  

-via [this article](http://www.besthealthmag.ca/best-eats/nutrition/are-processed-meats-safe#JcPdUIHdkbbT8RBA.99)  

So if WHO is basing their finding on meats that have been smoked, cured, or have added chemicals then would it be possible to still eat items listed above and have them not be a carcinogenic risk? There are food items in those categories such as uncured bacon or "processed" meats that stay away from the possible suspected carcinogenic forming processes.  

This is frustrating. Every report I see reports just what they said and not why they said it. Instead of guessing can someone share why WHO thinks processed meats are carcinogenic? If they haven't released those findings yet that's fine but I feel in the dark as of now.
Can somebody tell me what doesn't cause cancer? That would be faster. Seriously, every week I read another article about something that has found to cause cancer or to increase the risk of it.
[removed]
I remember reading about an article which studied women who offered sex to their husband everyday, for a month.  The women reported back that their husbands started doing more chores, and even things they didn't normally do (like read to their children).

Why are so many comments removed?
It's not because of the chores, both are a result of a better relationship based on mutual respect.
[removed]
&gt; First drug targeting precise genetic **prostate cancer mutations has shown a response in 1/3 of 49 patients during clinical trial**

Huge difference in how that reads.
Well, of course it was preventable, had all those things happened.  That's obvious.  I'd wager it was even obvious at the time, let alone in hindsight.  WHat's important is we need to stop trying to assign blame in various ways and get on with doing something about it so it doesn't happen again.
This is well documented in poultry.
Possibly due to a disruption in the natural balance of human gut flora.
This doesn't mean you shouldn't give kids antibiotics, it just means that they should prescribe probiotics for consumption after the treatment is done. If a kid has strep or an ear infection, waiting it out like you would a virus is dangerous. 
What's funny about this is that basically people are saying that if a person _says_ they're Christian (who are we kidding, this is the US), then people assume they're good people. Not even that they've demonstrated Christian principles -- which one could argue provide a decent moral base -- but simply _saying_ they're Christian. A word is as good as a deed it seems.

I've run into this a few times with Christian family members - they're incapable of thinking that someone might claim to be Christian to get the automatic trust and social benefits, but lack actual Christian values. Even if you are super Christian and think it's the best way for people to be, you ought to have some understanding that people can lie about who they are and what they stand for.

 
It's amazing that the same people who treat the founding fathers like they were god's personal prophets would consider Thomas Jefferson unelectable
[removed]
The paper highlights the fact that prostate screening has advanced much further than breast screening and attributes it to the spread of PSA screening as a primary detection method. This likely indicates that our current methods for screening women for breast cancer need to be updated to include screens for molecular/cellular markers of breast cancer, rather than simply looking for masses.
Apparently Calvin Kleins Obesseion is used by nature videographers and photographers as it somehow attracts leopards.  
We use Avon Skin-So-Soft here in Alaska.  Works great and you don't feel like your skin is covered in sticky gross stuff.  Good for your skin, in fact.

Edit:  Apparently they tested Skin-So-Soft in this study and it seems to not work so well in their results, but I've used it my entire life, and it seems to work fine.  Plus I absolutely hate bug dope.
It's strange that this is being pitched as "people are overly optimistic", though, and not "The average person has no realistic concept of economics, economic mobility, or statistics."  Look at the details:

&gt; Participants' estimates were way off. They guessed that sixteen percent would rise from the bottom 20% to the top 20%, and 35% of people would make it out of the bottom 20% by working 1,000 extra hours. Once again, the actual numbers are less than one percent and roughly one in ten.

These are income quintiles, so for each person entering the top quintile means the lowest income earner from that quintile is pushed out, joining the "upper" quintile (61-80%).  Assuming nothing special from the bottom quintile is propelling them to the top quintile, that would make a 64%+ displacement rate for the top quintile (4 quintiles, each feeding in at 16%+ displacement).  Presumably there would similarly be a 64%+ displacement rate for people in all the other quintiles.  The study was talking about perceptions of mobility in earned income *over a period of 10 years*, so a 30-50 year career would be expected to undergo 3-5 such shifts, with an only 36% chance of staying within the same income quintile each time.

This isn't "optimism", this is "people haven't spent any time thinking through this and gave off-the-cuff answers."  Unless incomes were extremely tightly centered around the median, those numbers would probably result in a dystopia where financial planning would be virtually impossible.  (Are the people dropping out of the top quintile earning less?  If not, what the would inflation look like?  Could even 15-year mortgages exist if the average person's income fluctuated so much?)
"We have never been a nation of Haves and Have-Nots, we are a nation of Haves and Soon-to-Haves"

-Marco Rubio in 2011, which was then parroted many times.
How can the average person do more to help with the biggest issues right now around water management?

It seems like the percentage of water used for agriculture and industry makes personal water consumption seem irrelevant.

Sure, people can take shorter showers and use efficient appliances, but it seems like a tiny drop in the bucket when you look at the global scale.
[removed]
As a neuroscience student and dinosaur lover, this is basically soft-core porn for me.
[removed]
Supporting evidence:

* http://www.washingtonpost.com/news/morning-mix/wp/2015/07/30/bullies-are-happier-have-more-sex-appeal-says-study/
* http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2015/06/why-it-pays-to-be-a-jerk/392066/

&gt; ...bullies have higher self-esteem and social status, as well as lower rates of depression and social anxiety. From an evolutionary standpoint, these combined measures also make the meanest in the playground pack the ones with the greatest sex appeal.

This is why we can't have nice things.

Gee the more impulsive and crazy people are constantly throwing themselves out there? What do the sane people do stick to their daily lives and hope to meet a nice person? 
*Their results show that people with some pathological personality types, such as those considered neurotic and impulsive, had more mates and even more children than average, suggesting that such traits are not being weeded out by natural selection and actually may confer an evolutionary advantage.*

So, basically Idiocracy. 
Wonderful. A parasite that practices agriculture.
So not a parasite? As the nature of the relationship is symbiotic.
What is your position on the TPP? What parts of it bother you and how would you improve it? What parts of it do you believe will help innovation and why?
And that, my friends, is how systemic racism is born.
&gt; imagine a tree with leaves that tell you the nitrogen or water level of the soil.

Man, that journalist needs to work on his imagination. Gene-modified solar panel trees, distributed monitoring of entire forests, laying cable by growing plants through hard to reach places. The list goes on, but apparently all we get is a boring ass plant display.
Yeah I can see this. It makes me really happy when my boyfriend finishes my dinner plate for me because I became too full to finish. I don't know why, it's not like I'm averse to having left overs.

It also makes me super happy when he eats extras of whatever I've baked or cooked.
If it's something a woman I know makes for me, l pig out as long as there's enough to go around. In front of women I don't know though, I feel compelled to eat small portions of healthy food. 
I think this makes sense- Maybe it says, "I'm fit, I'm athletic, I expend a lot of calories in a day" 

. As opposed to only eating a little, which might suggest you don't do a bunch of physical activity / make you look less "dominant"  in a lizard-brain way. 
This article has my vote for [Infographic of the year](https://cdn.theatlantic.com/assets/media/img/posts/2015/10/taboo_zones_grey/fb6628068.png)
Play attention to the 'likely' part, this is an observed trend that basically says you are more likely to find a child with ADHD in foster care than in other settings. Its important to see that this doesn't tell us about causes of ADHD, its likely this trend is in part due to all the following factors:

* children meeting criteria for ADHD are more likely to be fostered
* families that lose their children to foster care may have passed on ADHD genes or raised children in an ADHD environment
* being in foster care may increase ADHD
* being in foster care may increase professional attention and diagnosis

And probably some explanations I haven't thought of

There are so many confounding factors in the diagnosis of ADHD and the experiences of children in foster care, that it is impossible to evaluate these claims without reading the article (which as far as I can tell, the abstract is not even published yet).  Some confounding variables of note could be maternal prenatal care, maternal/paternal drug use, childhood trauma/stress exposure, familial psychiatric history, etc. The explanation of these rates can likely be explained by more specific variables that will therefore have greater meaning for clinical use.  Maybe some unique variance is explained by presence of foster care history, but I don't think we can draw that conclusion from the article posted.
Heroin is way cheaper than prescription opioids. Once your habit surpasses your ability to pay for them, you get sick and turn to heroin. Pretty simple.
&gt;“The finding that in most cases the perpetrators were not the soldiers themselves reveals to us that the stress that plays out in Army families during or after deployment impacts the entire family, and is not simply a consequence of the soldier’s experience and stress following deployment,” said Christine Taylor, the study’s lead author

Horrible as it may be conceived, the real world is even viler.
I wonder if it could have something to do with the kind of jobs women have vs the kind of jobs men have. Apparently they have not controlled for type of employment of the people in the survey. I imagine women are more commonly employed in office jobs where obesity would not be of much significance, while males tend to be overrepresented among manual labourers, where being of normal weight probably would be preferable for the employer over being obese.
The primary flaw in this paper is they failed to test the symmetric condition: They didn't present any papers where bias against men was evidenced and see if the bias against accepting the conclusions was gender symmetric under reversal.

edit: IOW: Is this a specifically a case of men rejecting the conclusion or is it a case of members of my gender rejecting the conclusions that places my own gender members in a bad light but accepting those that place 'not my gender' in a bad light.
I'd appreciate a follow up study trying to determine if the researchers themselves had gender bias. 
So, after looking over the study, I think i can say that it is not actually a bad study with terrible methodology like some users are saying.  It is a limited study, but it is fully aware that it is a limited study. I'll go over the study briefly.

Basically, the motivation behind it is that it is well known that adolescents are more vulnerable to repiratory pollutants, and that there have not been any studies looking at the effects of e-cigarettes in children. 

The first thing a group will do when they want to look into something like this is mine through existing data and see if there are any hints of connections.  So what this group did was perform a survey through schools of students from age 12ish to 17ish.  Parental permission was sought, but the parents were not present during the administration of the survey, because it was done in school. They also did passive oral consent (i.e. If you object say something, if not don't respond).  That eliminates much of the selection bias people are mentioning.   They ended up getting with 45,128 valid responses (they had to clean some out probably due to obviously joke response, but that is standard in all surveys), which was 94.5% of the invited students. They asked questions about if the students had smoked, if they had used e-cigs, if they had experience respiratory problems (coughing, phlegm), and sociodemographic information and information on exposure to second hand smoke.  They then calculated adjusted odds ratios of respiratory symptoms due to e-cigarette use.

They ended up finding [that respiratory symptoms were found increased among e-cig users]( http://imgur.com/zbcZevS.png). (Data table [here]( http://imgur.com/rFZW9qD)).  There was a significant association between e-cig use and respiratory problems for all groups except experimenters (those who tried once or twice), and current smokers (people both smoking cigarettes and e-cigs).  This did account for confounding factors like socioeconomic status and exposure to second hand smoke.

So basically, this study showed a fairly strong association between e-cig use and respiratory symptoms in adolescents.  It isn't a definitive study showing that e-cigarette use causes respiratory symptoms, but it was a fairly cheap way for researchers to get a lot of information (Sample size of 45,000 is pretty good).  They will likely be taking this information and using it in applying for grants to perform larger, more robust studies, possibly longitudinal to follow individual outcomes.  

&gt;Correlation != Causation.

This is a study looking at a population, and is not a randomized controlled study.  That is partly because they can not ethically perform a RCT for this type of question, especially not on adolescents.  This study finds a correlation after controlling for a wide range of confounding factors.  This data will be used in formulating further studies, that will add more evidence to either agree with or disagree with the data.  "Causation" is a conclusion that is not reached from any one study, but rather from a wide range of evidence that is assessed by the scientific community. 

&gt;Did they account for x factor in their analysis?

They did account for the standard demographic (gender, age, size) and socioeconomic factors (family wealth, etc).  Because they did 75 different schools, they accounted for school clustering effects.  There are probably other things they could have accounted for, but they had to strike a balance between entirely comprehensive (not possible for time and expense reasons), and feasible.  There are always tradeoffs in every study.  Other studies will inevitably look at different factors, and when many studies are looked at combined can better conclusions be drawn.

&gt;Survey/self selection bias renders this study bad

I think I addressed a lot of this in the main text, but there are fairly good methods to perform studies based on survey data, and this study looks like they did a good job.  I don't have much experience with surveys though, but I'm sure others can weigh in on this.

Finally, another interesting factor about the study.  Hong Kong apparently has a ban on nicotine containing e-cigarettes and e-cigarette juice, but nicotine free ones are allowed to be sold. This means that the vast majority of these people would have been using nicotine free e-cigarettes.  

Makes sense... women aren't the only group that are targeted by marketing, and one of the most effective methods of selling something is to convince people that they lack that something. 


More likely that the type of parents who are able to ensure their child eats a good breakfast every morning are probably more concerned and involved with other routine aspects of their lives like...  school.
Everyone in this thread supporting selling their ADHD meds - please stop. You are the reason people expect those of us who actually need all of the meds to "help out" those who don't need them.

The stigma against ADHD meds and those who need them is extremely damaging. Browse r/adhd and you will see that people have been harassed or manipulated by their peers, pharmacists, doctors, and even trusted family members for taking medication that makes their lives bearable.

If you know someone who takes meds, don't ask to buy them. If you take meds, don't sell them or at the very least don't brag about it or pretend that you're doing something good and helpful. You are hurting so many more people than you're helping by contributing to a stigma that drives people with ADHD to be afraid of seeking medication and terrified to disclose their issues to others. Imagine how it feels for a moment to be treated as "selfish" for not illegally selling a treatment that may have literally saved your life.

Edit: apparently I need to point out that this only applies if you want to help to improve the lives of people with ADHD and associated issues. Obviously you can always tell someone to deal with their own problems and stop being so sensitive to what others say and think, however that does not address the core issues. What I've written above is just one request for an alternative approach if you are concerned.
This just proves what we've all been saying for years. Money can buy happiness.
IDGAF, I'm still going to wear my helmet.  I hit my head once while wearing one and ever since then I've remembered the horror I felt when I thought about what would've happened if I hadn't been wearing one.
This is a bad title.  It absolutely doesn't provide a direct positive link.


This is a longitudinal quasi experiment.  Children weren't randomly assigned to conditions of no breakfast, bad breakfast and good breakfast.  


All it proves is a correlation, and chances are that people who feed their children are probably better parents.  Children with better parents do better in school isn't some major revelation 
This is... concerning. What should we be doing in addition to changing our approach towards antibiotics use in order to alleviate the situation as much as possible?
I really don't think babies fear much of anything
I think a closer look at the quality of the studies making up that meta-analysis is called for. 

[For example](http://wmbriggs.com/post/5118/): 

&gt; Intelligence was defined in one database as scoring well on matching the similarity between 40 pairs of words, and on matching the similarity of between 40 pairs of shapes and symbols. On the other database, this changed to drawing 28 missing shapes, recalling digits from 34 number series, identifying the definitions of 37 words, and “generating words that are semantically consistent with presented words” 42 times.

&gt; Thus the two samples measure similar but different abilities. The NCDS (pdf) also had available the Peabody Individual Achievement Test Math and Reading sub-scales which were not used as intelligence measures. Why?

&gt; When the kids became 33 and 30 year olds, they were asked whether they agreed with 13 or 16 questions like, “Schools should teach children to obey authority”, “Family life suffers if mum is working full-time.”

&gt; Another was, “People who break the law should be rehabilitated.” Just kidding! It’s actually, “People who break the law should be given stiffer sentences.” The bias in the question wording is ignored.

&gt; Another question was, “None of the political parties would do anything to benefit me.” Is agreeing or disagreeing with that a “conservative” position? What would the Occupy people say? Another, “Being single provides more time to experience life and find out about yourself.” Conservative or liberal?

&gt; According to the NCDS (pdf), there were about 50 questions, of which only 13 were used. A “conservative”, then, is whatever Hodson and Busseri say it is. The same thing goes for what a “racist” is.

&gt; ( . . . ) 

&gt; . . . by the authors’ own admission the direct effect size for “g” on “racism” is only -0.01 for men and 0.02 for women. Utterly trivial; close enough to no effect to be no effect, their results statistically “significant” only because of the massive sample size.

&gt; The effect size for “conservative ideology” directly predicting “racism” is higher (0.69 and 0.51). But all that means is that the questions the authors picked for these two attitudes are roughly correlated with one another. In other words, “None of the political parties would do anything to benefit me” is crudely correlated with “I wouldn’t mind working with people from other races” and so forth.

&gt; Yet the authors have the temerity to conclude, “These results from large, nationally representative data sets provide converging evidence that lower g in childhood predicts greater prejudice in adulthood and, furthermore, that socially conservative ideology mediates much of this effect.”

Given the public's increasing awareness that social psychology is dominated by political liberals to begin with, any self-serving sloppiness here is particularly detrimental to the public credibility of the discipline as a whole.
This is true in the business world, but only to a point. When I guy crosses a certain line in a prefessional setting, he is seen as weak. The key is assertiveness without aggression.
&gt;Thomas says: “**In this region, the same storms that have driven increased snowfall inland have brought warmer ocean currents into contact with West Antarctic’s ice shelves, resulting in rapid thinning. Thus the increased snowfall we report here has not led to thickening of the ice sheet, but is in fact another symptom of the changes that are driving contemporary ice sheet loss.”**
Behavior to establish a pecking order and breeding rights is seen in nearly every social animal, I am surprised our society hasn't really made much of a connection with it yet concerning human behavior. I suppose it is taboo for some reason.
I could see that. It's probably because ED is a sign of circulatory system weakness. And losing sexual functionality is like having an entire dimension to your life completely erased. It's like its own form of depression
ED is extremely correlated with morbid obesity and terrible cardiovascular fitness, so I can see this being the case.

Don't pop that blue pill. Put down the chips and soda and go for a run instead (or a brisk walk to start...don't hop off the couch and try running a marathon). Or start biking to work...get 5+ hours of cardio during time you'd otherwise spend sitting on your arse being pissed about being stuck in traffic. Win-win.
As asthmatic coffee drinker this pleases me
Ok, I'm all for marijuana promotion, but please don't make sensationalist news titles promoting drug use while pregnant or for kids, you very well know it's generally very bad and that some idiots could take this literally.
Doesn't it also lead to endocannabanoid deficiency, though?
Well, why don't they legalize and regulate the marijuana industry so there aren't illegal grow-ops using unsanctioned methods for pest control?  Seems like the war on drugs is to blame here more than marijuana.
People have a lot of trouble separating sex and love.  Women more than men, but men have the problem too.

So, you're having lots of sex but it's never turning into a relationship.  I can see why that'd be depressing even without you realizing what was happening.

So, you're having lots of sex. I can see why there's higher levels of sexual violence; there's *always* a risk of finding a lousy partner, and you're buying more raffle tickets.

So, you're having lots of sex.  I can see why that would correlate to a higher STD rate.

Basically, this study looks like a big 'Well yeah, what did you think?' with a side order of implied moral instruction.  

I'd say, "Caveat Emptor".  Sex isn't bad, but there are risks you should assess when choosing how you're going to get it and with whom.
[deleted]
Tl;dr men don't want to raise someone else's offspring, women don't want their own offspring neglected.  Therefore physical infidelity is a bigger concern in the mind of men and emotional infidelity is a bigger concern in the mind of women.

Makes sense to me.
The graph to me looks more like men in general are less interested in being touched by anyone including their partners.  
Oh FFS ... from the submission headline:

&gt;physicists are increasingly convinced that ...

Now from the actual article:

&gt;In April 2010, the journal sent him a rejection — with a referee’s report implying that Van Raamsdonk ... was a crackpot.

&gt;His next submission, to General Relativity and Gravitation, fared little better: the referee’s report was scathing, and the journal’s editor asked for a complete rewrite.

&gt;This idea is a long way from being proved, and is hardly a complete theory of quantum gravity.

&gt;Still, researchers face several challenges. One is that the bulk–boundary correspondence does not apply in our Universe, which is neither static nor bounded; it is expanding and apparently infinite. Most researchers in the field do think that calculations using Maldacena’s correspondence are telling them something true about the real Universe, but there is little agreement as yet on exactly how to translate results from one regime to the other.

Yeah physicists are real convinced.  They can't figure out just *how* they are convinced but they sure sound reaaaaal convinced ...
[deleted]
It was my understanding that diamonds weren't rare at all, no? I'm genuinely asking because I have almost no knowledge of geology. I mean it makes sense, given that carbon is one of the most abundant elements in the universe. 
Why aren't Netflix and apple making a big deal out of this? This works directly to combat their products. 
Everyone is saying that they already know this, but doesn't this fuck them with the FCC?
I think I speak for everyone when I say

FUCKING DUH.

Comcast have *earned* the mantle of most hated company in America. And by god they're going after the future trophies tooth and nail.
These companies received a subsidy to upgrade their infrastructure, yet they have not. Fuck your data caps and stop trying to screw us for using data.
This is already known to anyone with a working knowledge of Internet architecture. Those parent companies which own Comcast are working in unison to discourage people from moving to Internet for tV access.  Cord cutters are a growing problem for these people so they are doing whatever they can. 

People need to voice their SOPA level outrage against this to prevent this monopoly from taking over American Internet Infrastructure. 

What the US public need to do when speaking to their representatives is to relay the concept that datacaps and Comcast dragging their feet updating infrastructure is actually hurting the US economy.

With more bandwith smart and innovative people will discover and create new markets and new business - taxable business.

look at Amazon and look at Ebay - legacies that are approaching decades old and they are economic behemoths mainly because of the internet.

Look at Youtube and google.

Well there are technologies and their corresponding markets that are on the horizon but not possible *today* because of the likes of Comcast dragging their feet.

---

Comcast doesn't want the interstate highway system built and they want to start sticking toll booths on ever local highway system because people are going to stop buying their horse and buggies.

---

You want to beat comcast?  you have to give "our" &lt;_&lt; representatives an angle they can run with, or their opponents.

data caps should not even be in the dialogue of isps. bad enough we let them get away with it on our phones. 
Guess we better start speaking with our dollars and get a differemt ISP....oh wait Comcast is the only option in my apartment complex.
Yet, here I am still trying to pay down a 800 dollar bill for my usage going over "cap" 27 times two months in a row. Moved to a new address so changed modem and suddenly I only go over 1-2 times a month. No change in usage, and dispite numerous calls to Comcast (who don't give a damn) and showing from my Asia router that all traffic passes through that I didn't get close they said and I quote "even if you were hacked you are responsible". Two days ago although I have been paying my bill on time while also adding an extra hundred to pay down the old places bull charge they cut off service and won't turn on till I pay the rest of the balance in full. I wish I had another choice in provider as I would switch in a heartbeat but they own a monopoly in our town. Sorry just needed to rant thanks reddit
If i was rich, i would pay to have the infrastructure built for Google fiber to come to my hometown, just so people wouldn't have to use comcast. I hate them that much. I would be a local hero. The people would sing songs and tell tales of my heroism, and much  merriment and rejoicing would be had by all
Of course there is no congestion. Internet providers want to create an artificial limited supply of internet access so as to be able to make more money. Crony capitalism in it's very essence.
hey, I'm glad you made it out of that coma... we were worried for a while there...
when companies hold back human progress so they can make an extra dollar on top of their already obscene amount of wealth, that is a problem which should result in severe punishments and perhaps forcing the company to dissolve or sell off.
I think I speak for most here when I say (in my best Princess Leia voice) "Help me Google Fiber.  You're my only hope."
And soon we'll be seeing Comcast advertise services that won't count against your data cap.
Try living with a 25 GB cap with unlimited from midnight to 5 a.m. that still costs $149/month just because you live a little too far out of town and are forced to go with satellite at a peak of 2MB/s download.  Then it's $9.99 per GB to keep your speed.
we handed comcast a monopoly under the stupid as fuck assumption that natural monopolies wouldn't be abused. What other natural monopolies can you think of? search engines, social media, etc. What other natural monopolies do we just say.... ehhhh, fuck it they'll be moral...

Just remember what comcast is doing a decade from now... and apply it to... well, you can probably imagine which companies we're putting in the same position today.

Because in the business world, what really is the difference between the price of digging the infrastructure for cable and internet and attracting a solid user base? I mean that's the excuse of comcast's monopoly...
- cnn refused to report
Good.  I don't know why it was ever changed.  Lower the price with the advertising money.  And they just encourage patients to insist they need Brand A even though the doctor says they will do just as well with generic a.  

If they get this done, it would be nice to see them get rid of all the stupid lawyer ads next. 
It's been getting even worse lately when them pushing specialty medications on ads. Oh, you mean that medication that you need to try and fail three brand alternatives and have extensive labwork done just to be considered by your insurance company to let you have it for a $750 copay per month?
So, back to the way it used to be.
Now if they can actually get the advertisements banned I'll be impressed. A lot of money backing the advertisements sticking around. 
My favorite part of drug ads are the side effects: 

Do you sneeze? Take this drug! Side effects are cancer, your toe may fall off, hallucinations, and death BUT you won't be sneezing anymore when you're dead! Ask your doctor about our drug today. 
As someone who hates ads in general, these are by far the worst. No, you don't look happy with herpes just because you are playing with your dog. 
I think the rule should be that you cannot advertise products the viewer can't buy. Viewers can't buy drugs without a doctor's prescription. And ads targeting children. Children don't have income and therefore can't buy the product.

Also, no one should be taking medical advice from an ad. I also think it's wrong to run to your doctor and say "I think I need a prescription for *x*". I can see doctors being annoyed as hell with that. They're way more educated than me to know what I need, and I'm paying *him* to tell me what I need, not the other way around.
Keep the viagra ads.... they always have hot horny milfs.
As an Englishman, I find it absolutely mind-boggling that advertising prescription drugs was even allowed in the first place. It seems as though America is always finding new ways to sink capitalism to lower and lower depths.
&gt; ...a belief system invented by pulp fiction writer L Ron Hubbard who claimed human beings need to be “cleared” of the invisible spirits of thetans who were blown up in a nuclear explosion on earth by the evil dictator Xenu 75 millions years ago.

Well, when you put it like that, it just sounds silly.
Now they are going to break into the Dutch tax office, steal documents, then get the status back. 

Worked for them before.
If only the rest of the world would follow in their footsteps.
I love reading these posts about Scientology. I'm currently living in the mecca, Clearwater, FL. My parents moved here 20 years ago from California and began involving themselves with Scientology. So I've grown up around it my entire life. My parents volunteered for every construction project that was asked of them by the church without reciprocation. 

Recently, my mother saved someone's life that was declared a suppressive person who suffered from the forceful disconnection policy. This was her wake-up call. She refused to give up on the person and started to drift from Scientology herself. Within the last year, she was also declared. She lost her business, friends and even a few family members (not immediate family). Both of my parents moved to the other side of the country to begin anew, as I'm finishing up my degree here in Florida. The hypocrisy that flows within the Scientology community around here is atrocious. The fact that I get to watch their downfall from such a personal perspective is a most spectacular event. I hope to see more posts like this in the future!  
Scientology should be recognized for being nothing short of an extortion ring. 
Ohhhhh, we're going to sue you! We're going to sue you so much!
Work isn't finished until they have to sell all their real estate and business fronts to pay out back taxes and damages to the people and families this cult has hurt over the years. There needs to be accountability and people need to go to prison, as well.


Good. The USA should do this as well.
Any church over (x)  amount of income should be considered a business and treated as such. 
I find it odd when governments choose which religions get tax exempt status. There is no real "test" one can apply to determine if a religion is "valid" or deserves tax exempt status. Christianity gets tax exempt status because it is a widely held belief, but sheer numbers of believers is a poor measurement to use. Either all religions should get tax exempt status or none should. I personally think no religion should enjoy tax exempt status due to the fact that the a secular state should not be subsidizing any religious activities.
It helps that the most common construction material used in Mexico is concrete.  
Wow that's amazing news
There was still a lot of damage and many families have no homes.  Many are without power, but about 50% have been restored now.

There were no densely populated areas, but about 3/4 of the small towns there have been severely damaged and their crops wiped out.  

In the state of Michoacan, the mayor of Coahuayana, Porfirio Mendoza said that so far, they know 400 homes were devastated, leaving those families homeless refugees. Also, severe flooding in communities Ejido Coahuayana, Mouth Epiza and San Vincente has left at least 250 families stranded in shelters. Furthermore, due to destruction of crops – bananas and papayas – 3000 families lost their source of employment.
http://www.eluniversal.com.mx/articulo/nacion/sociedad/2015/10/25/reportan-afectaciones-en-4-estados-por-patricia

Here is some drone footage of some of the damage:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NZJnpYKkWXI

Mexicans fortunately listened and evacuated the danger zones.  There were lines on the roads for miles before the storm made landfall.
This is going to be a TIL in a hundred years
For those wondering, this storm broke several records:

• The highest reliably measured surface winds on record for a tropical cyclone, anywhere on the Earth

• Central pressure of 879mb - the lowest pressure ever measured in a hurricane in the Western Hemisphere

• Patricia's central pressure dropped an astonishing 100mb in 24 hours, making it the fastest-intensifying hurricane ever observed in the Western Hemisphere.

The article also puts the low pressure into some language we can understand.  The pressure in the eye way so low that it is estimated to have drawn the ocean up over 5 meters high.  A dime of water that was over 15 feet higher than the surrounding ocean....pretty amazing to think about.

Source:

http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2015/10/hurricane-patricia-breaks-records-151024095539432.html

Edit: Dome

I was one of those people that thought for sure this was going to be real bad.  I've lived through bad hurricanes and thus fucker was far worse.  I felt so bad for what I figured was going to be catastrophic damage on a historic scale.  

  For the idiots spouting off about pissed off alarmists.  I couldn't be happier that it turned out so well.  Idiots all over are probably going to use this oddity of nature as proof of some dumb shit or another, but I just think it's awesome that no one had to die horrifically.

  I'll still keep vigilance in Florida though.  We don't have storm shredding mountains.
Am I the only one who has realized that this situation is almost exactly like the beginning of Sharknado? The deaths don't come from the storm, they come from the sharks, and they're a commin'.
If even one person dies it'll be a sad statistic. Imagine being the person to who everyone thinks *wow, it's amazing that only one person died?*
That is r/upliftingnews. Glad to hear everyone's okay.
A 25 year old lady at an OKC homecoming parade has a higher death count than the strongest hurricane ever measured in the western hemisphere. Neat
The AP story in our paper this morning said there were 6 deaths, including one homeless man who was sucked into a storm drain while trying to save a dog.   

(The 931 points for this off the cuff comment at this point just kills me, considering how ignored all my carefully crafted messages on other threads are.  You so crazy, Reddit!)
One of the ultra conservative people on my facebook is already ranting about how the hurricane was faked to support global warming claims. He wrote up atleast three paragraphs about this.... And I read every word -_-
Hurricanes provide advance notice, like multiple days worth - enough time to GTFO.  Unlike thunderstorms, tornadoes and earthquakes - which are probably like minutes at best.  Anyone have data about this?  I remember watching the Katrina updates and they knew it was coming for over a week, right?
I knew a girl named Pat who was just as big a tease
I guess you can say no Juan died
Must have been due to all the people on my Facebook saying "pray for Mexico". Never underestimate the power of belittling a potential disaster into a few words on social media. 
Hard working Mexicans actually get out of the way of a hurricane? 

Mexico &gt; Louisiana. 
Police officer here, this will likely get buried but if I can shed some light on the subject. My agency is currently outfitting us with body cameras. The cameras that we are getting have three settings. When you put your uniform on, the body camera goes on your chest and is set to standby. While the camera is on standby it is recording on a 13 hour loop which is enough to cover a 12 hour shift. When dispatched to a call, the officer is to turn the camera on until the call is finished. If the officer "forgets" to press record or if he suddenly engages in contact with the public while driving or dining, the video can still be retrieved for up to 13 hours after the fact. The footage will not be able to be handled, altered, or deleted by the officers themselves. At our agency, any serious cases involving use of force is investigated by a larger outside agency. Body cameras are still very new and I agree that they are not perfect but I'm excited that law enforcement is taking a step in the right direction.
Smart move by the LAPD and the best thing for them and the public both.  It'll help prevent abuse and save the city millions of dollars on lawsuits.  Plus it'll help them catch criminals by capturing better images of suspects who might try to flee.
In the beginning there was nothing...then Chuck Norris Roundhouse kicked that nothing in the face and said &amp;quot;Get a job&amp;quot;. That is the story of the universe.
I'd love to see the NYPD be th next massive police force to tackle this. Highly unlikely as it is 
Watch claims of police abuses decline drastically.
[removed]
Which will ironically malfunction when shit goes sideways.
The money is not in the cameras, but is in the cost for storing, preserving and retrieving the data.This looks to be a multi-million dollars cost for even the smallest city.
Reddit calls for body cameras for 4 years.. when it happens for the third largest department in the country, barely gets any attention (5 hours after submission)
Now regulate hospital fees so they can't just keep jacking up the costs. It's not like they didn't ask for it. Enough is enough. 
Being from Colorado I read up on this when I first heard and found [this Forbes article](http://www.forbes.com/sites/theapothecary/2014/12/21/6-reasons-why-vermonts-single-payer-health-plan-was-doomed-from-the-start/) gave a great summary of why it failed in Vermont.

While I think they made mistakes we can improve upon, the most glaring of the problems will need some brilliant ideas to solve. Particularly that the state can't possibly truly implement single payer. What would a Colorado hospital do when you break your leg on a ski trip? Does the state pay for it and attempt to recoup the cost from your insurance? Or more likely the hospital simply does business as usual and add the state to the list of providers. Not one penny saved.
Since I'm late the the thread, nobody will read this, but here it is.

My wife is a doctor in Colorado and we both fully support this.  We are going to be [90,000 doctors short by 2025.](http://www.forbes.com/sites/brucejapsen/2015/03/03/u-s-doctor-shortage-could-hit-90000-by-2025/)  This is a HUGE issue.  This is happening for a number of reasons:  

1) The insurance companies are a hot mess.  It can take anywhere from 30 to 90 days to be reimbursed for a service.  Nowhere on the planet are you paid months after providing a service.  This is also a huge issue because many copays are either a percentage of the services rendered or tied to the services, so you cannot collect a copay until far after the fact.  

2) To compound the issues with point 1, many providers will pay less than you have billed, so you end up playing the billing game.  You know that insurance provider X will only pay 62% of what you bill, so you bump up the fee schedule for that provider to get your 100% or close to it.  Worse still is that your billing company is tied to your AR.  So that means if you get more, they get more...so they are going to try to charge for as much as possible to get that 100% of the service...which mean you enter into this MAD doctrine that benefits nobody.  

3) Insurance companies are blocking out providers.  Some insurances are just closed, you cannot accept them and in some cases you can't even take an out of network patient.  She's seen out of network patients and just taken a loss because the insurance companies can fight forever, but a doctor has a business to run...it's better to take a loss on $100 than it is to fight for it.  Now add that up over the hundreds of patients they do this for.  The insurance companies are screwing doctors out of thousands of dollars and keeping thousands of dollars.

4) Patient care is dwindling.  We cannot survive as a business without volume, because we are getting paid less and less per patient.  So that means we make up the money (that we use to pay our employees, pay for rent, pay for equipment, etc) in volume.  That means as a patient, you get less time with a doctor because we need to keep the lights on.

5) The world of the rich doctor is over.  Between massive student loans [$166,000 on average](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/1-million-mistake-becoming-a-doctor/), the long hours at around 55 hours/week on average, the cost of buying or building a practice (let's call it $100k building or buying for simplicity), and the generally shitty work life balance, there is a reason people don't want to be a doctor.  Most doctors we know have taken a pay cut to keep their employees and location as is.  

6) Hospitals are ruining it for everyone.  They can pretty much charge what they want and private practice takes the hit by the insurance.  That gravy train needs to end.  

7) Insurance is shit.  Sadly, the only insurance worth a damn is Medicare.  Medicaid is ok, but they are pretty slow at most things.  All the other insurance companies can die in a fire.  They can change their minds up to 12 months after they have agreed to it.  We've been screwed on surgeries almost a year later and had to fight tooth and nail not to take a massive hit in the pocket book.  To make matters worse, since insurance takes their sweet time to pay, you may have TONS of money in AR, but shit in the bank.  There can be months were you will only see maybe 10% of your AR, just because insurance is being slow.  What floats our practice is mostly Medicare and Medicaid as they tend to pay within about two weeks.  

To give you an idea, we have stuff in AR from August and we probably won't see it until Christmas.  

8) Surgery is insanity.  The doctor will only see a small percentage of what the patient is charged.  Everything goes to the hospital.  Now you might say, well you are paying for the room anesthesiologist, nurses,  scrub techs, etc....yes....but look how much it costs for 30 min in the OR....then think that your doctor only gets a very small fraction of that even though they do all the work and have trained for years to this.  

I could go on, but honestly, nobody would read it...

tl;dr: Insurance and hospitals are ruining health care in this country


*edit MADD to MAD

The state does not have the funds to implement such a program.  If they dont do it right, it will be dead on arrival.  In conjunction with this, they need to implement rate setting on most health services like Medicare does as well as prescription drugs.  If they also offered low cost universal malpractice insurance for service providers that might get doctors/hospitals on board.

Vermont tried this single-state, single-payer. Called it Green Mountain Care.

[It was a total disaster.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vermont_health_care_reform)

&gt;On December 17, 2014, Vermont Democrats abandoned their plan for universal health care, citing the taxes required of smaller businesses within the state.
"A single-payer system would destroy our industry. I don't think there's any question about it,"   
Destroy the health insurance industry?  Sounds like a fucking good plan to me.  Let's go nationwide with this ASAP.  There is no moral or ethical benefit to profit within the health *insurance* industry.
The way it should have been..from day 1.
I would bet the legal pot sales supports this program financially. Good for them, I hope more states follow this example. Healthcare cannot ever be "free". Only ignorant people don't understand that the costs are paid for by raising taxes. This is a plan that has a fantastic use for the extra taxes raised by a completely different source.
Nice that it doesn't require a lawyer to have it vacated, all anyone will have to do is head to the public safety building and fill out a form. 
If a charge is vacated, does that mean it is permanently off your record or is it still on there?
The people have spokane
Awesome! Weed shouldn't be illegal.
This is great news, but unfortunately, even with your charges vacated you're still in Spokane.    



Edit: So this is what happens to your inbox when you post a top comment on a default. Interesting. I'll give you this, the chipotle wings at Waddells are like crack for me. Other than that, calm down I don't have to like Spokane, jeeeez. 
My car has a system in place where it does a pretty good job of knowing when the keys are either inside the vehicle or outside. It won't let me lock my doors if my keys are inside. Why don't they have the same thing for body cams. Once the officer leaves the car, it turns on. Once the officer gets back in, turns off. Have the dash cam recording pick up the rest. That way the officer doesn't have to worry about pressing buttons or turning on his camera.

Edit. To the people saying the camera should activate when the gun becomes unholstered the problem is that nothing preceding the events of the gun being drawn is going to be recorded, so context of the situation is lost.
Shouldn't the operation of the cameras be out of the officers direct control? Maybe have dispatch in charge of that? Or even better, just constantly recording?
Honestly.

If I am a cop and somebody shoots at me.

I am not thinking "well, better take the time to press this tiny button on my chest before shooting back".

Pretty sure these need to either stay on or come on automatically, yea?
ITT: no one reading anyone else's comments suggesting the exact same thing 
A lot of discussion in here about privacy of the officers, and I respect that, but you're underestimating how much more heavily monitored millions of people in other jobs are.

I work in finance and carry multiple licences. Every communication I send as a representative of my firm is HEAVILY monitored. If I email my mom, or call my wife on my desk phone, it's recorded. Instant message, document, you name it, it's recorded.

Every square foot of my building is recorded and everywhere I go is monitored by RFID chip in my badge. If my boss wanted to she could find out everywhere I go and when at anytime, who I'm talking to, and what about.

Oh and outside of work, I'm free right? Nope, if I want to donate a dollar to a politician or volunteer at a political rally, I have to preclear it. Be in charge of my kids little leagues team fundraising, report it. Credit issues, bank issues, literally if I so much as get put in the back of a cop car and released I have to disclose the entire incident. AND, everyone of those things is publicly accessible on FINRAS website.

So yeah, it'll be a little violating, but they hold people's lives in their hands. I have to go through all that just to talk about a stock.
Either the camera needs to be wired to the holster to automatically come on or it needs to be always on.
Just keep them on at all times. Any time the camera doesn't record something, the cops testimony is given less weight than anybody else.
&gt;One source told DNAinfo that while "many" such operations are ongoing in the city, making it a "systemic, citywide issue," this "prime one was the overcharging by the millions."

How rampant could this be? Given how exorbitant the cost of heating a home with oil is to begin with, this would make me absolutely livid. 
How do people ever think a conspiracy of this magnitude is going stay quiet? Some employee is going to quit and rat you out. There isn't enough extra money being made to keep all these people silent. 
"... **accusing them of stealing $34 million in oil over the course of a single year, or $18 million annually over the course of the yearslong scheme. The cost to the city was $4 million each year.**"

What the hell did I just read?? 


Just the other day my husband told me about catching a guy filling his truck with fuel when delivering for their in-house tractor-trailers at work.  He filled his delivery truck before printing the bill. They don't deal with that company any more.
It's not just home oil.
[deleted]
Yep its those pesky regulations holding these companies back.  How many agencies is Ted Cruz going to get rid of again?
slap on wrist for executives, jail time for truck drivers. 
If businesses wouldn't do stuff like this we would have less regulation.
Shit headline to make it seem like it is Big Oil companies at fault here.  These are small end sellers of home heating oil. This industry in NY/NJ has been controlled by the Russian mob for years.
For the love of everything, we NEED to stop providing monetary incentives for police officers to arrest people. The ONLY incentive they should have is to keep the peace in their communities. 
It's pretty maddening that this is even an issue.  That law enforcement and the state would ever argue or even *think* that it's okay to steal money from innocent people is outrageous and it tells you everything you need to know about law enforcement in America.

So long as the police are allowed to steal from innocent Americans, we aren't free.  We live in a police state.  Sorry folks, that's just the way it is.
Use their instincts, not the law.  My instincts tell me to never carry cash.  Assholes, this shit needs to be stopped.  As soon as the seizure laws went on the books I just knew this would happen.  If they want to stop criminals from accessing their money go after all of the banks who launder it for them.
This is just common sense. Nothing taken by police should ever go into their coffers. It creates perverse incentives.
**"ALL MONEY SUBJECT TO SEIZURE" SAYS DEA**    
*via Reuters*

November 6^(th), 2015

Speaking in response to a pair of bills in consideration by Ohio legislatures, a press secretary for the Drug Enforcement Administration issued a statement in which it was declared that all legal tender - both American and foreign - is subject to possible seizure as part of a new initiative.

"We have come to the conclusion," the press secretary said, "that the sale and purchase of illicit substances almost always includes some form of currency. As a result of this, it's important to remove dealers' and buyers' access to that currency."

The new initiative, dubbed the "Special Tasks Unified Partnership Involving Drugs," aims to remove any and all currency (that may have been used in the drug trade) from public circulation.

"Unfortunately," the press secretary was quoted as saying, "we have no way of determining whether or not a given sum of money has been or will be used in narcotics trafficking. Therefore, law enforcement officials are being encouraged to seize anything that their instincts tell them is suspicious."

When asked what variety of oversight would be applied to the initiative, the press secretary was quick to answer. "Bureaucracy only makes it more difficult for us to serve and protect. Officers involved in currency seizures will not be required to report them." In response to shouted concerns from an uppity liberal reporter, the secretary continued: "Rest assured, all employees of both the DEA and local law enforcement agencies have pinkie-sworn to never take any money that isn't suspected of being associated with a drug deal."

The "Special Tasks Unified Partnership Involving Drugs" initiative is scheduled to go into effect immediately.
I had friend who the police stole every cent he made putting him in the street and making him homeless in the the middle of winter.  These forfeiture laws are inhumane.
Their ability to detect water bottles with over 100 ml of liquid is spot on, however.
I've worked in airport operations for 16 years.  

The security screeners at my airport are all minimum-wage staff who work split shifts, some days coming in at 04:00, going home at 07:00, then coming back for another 5 hours in the afternoon.

Our hiring pool has recently been the Terminal janitorial staff because the turnover is so fast and we have a lack of interested candidates.  Several of our screeners have limited English skills and at least half of them have chronic health problems which most often involve obesity and heart disease.  Two screeners have died of heart attacks in the last two years.

Their training is spotty at best and instead of being allowed to use their judgement and common sense they've been blindly instructed to look for specific weapon profiles, repeatedly shutting down the line over jackknives, foam swords and plastic nunchucks (happens more often than you think).

They are *absolutely* on-point when it comes to seizing water bottles, baby formula, hand cream, shampoo, lighters, nail clippers and toothpaste though.

They've failed so many random checks that their supervisor now lets them know when they're going to be live tested and what they should be looking for.

Airport security screening is nothing but a feel-good ruse for the most part.

An interesting side note - If you fly in a private aircraft you're subject to no screening whatsoever and clearing Customs often involves an agent coming out to your plane in a rainstorm, sticking their head inside and peeking at passports.  On the cold, stormy days I've seen Customs tell the crew to have the passengers come inside with their passports, not even glancing at the aircraft and contents of the baggage hold.

Edit - Wow, this went, uh, large.  Our screeners are contracted, for those who have asked.
I should also point out that the most common things that get confiscated are lighters, jack knives, nail files, nail clippers, scissors, keychains with anything pointy on them, pin brooches, bread knives, steak knives and cork screws.  We get tons of cork screws because *the hotel room never has one*.
"Obviously...and we'll need $50B in additional funding to fix it." 
What was it? 95% failure rate?

I could literally point my dick at random objects in the airport and get roughly the same success rate 
I once brought a clear container of baking soda through security. Got my bag searched, then "what's this white powder sir?"     

"uh, baking soda.. "    

"...  Ok, you can go"     

Man, I coulda totally smuggled cocaine and got away with it that day. 
They should hire from the Philippines, our screeners find bullets all the time. 
I've accidentally brought knives through several different airports (I keep them in my backpack, and I often forget to take them out before traveling). The only airport where TSA actually detected and confiscated one of my knives was at SFO

Edit: Apparently TSA gets no redemption in this story after all because SFO has (good) private security instead of TSA. Figures.
Probably a screener manufacturer pushing TSA to sign a multibillion contract to deliver new models.
So if our security is that bad doesn't that mean that no one is actually trying to attack us because they would have likely suceeded?
I fucking hate the TSA. 

Go through security for a flight within Europe, it's fine. A little annoying, but not that big of a deal. 

Then when you're coming home you have to go through the TSA stuff and it just feels so adversarial, with the pat downs and the scanners and having to take your shoes off and all that.

There's also the semi-ridiculous questions from the customs guy. When I enter Ireland on my Irish passport I get greeted with "Welcome home!" When I enter America I get " What were you doing in Ireland? Where does your family live?" etc etc. 
We'd better throw more money at the TSA to fix this!
When I was flying recently, I had a can of Coca-Cola confiscated from my bag by TSA. After I was past security, I went and bought a new can from a machine...and wondered if they just fill the machines with cans confiscated from passengers.
Went through my backpack a few days ago and found that I had traveled all over with a half full bladder (1.5 liters) of water and a 6" knife. I hadn't realized it, but neither did the TSA.
[deleted]
After living in Israel for a while, it's become apparent that anything other than serious, unapologetic profiling and individually checking of every bag at any entrance/exit to a crowded area is just not effective.

Even so, I've accidentally brought a knife into an Israeli train station a few times. This was recently, when stabbings were prevalent...so I can imagine that untrained, careless and unfairly paid TSA screeners couldn't give less of a fuck.
As someone who has been flying sense the 70s I can tell you that flying now just sucks.  I remember when my rule was to arrive at the airport no more than 1/2 hour before the flight.  I always had time to check my bags and still have a drink or 2 in the bar before the flight.  It used to be fast cool and convenient.  Now unless the drive time over 10 hours it is not worth flying.  It just sucks way too hard.  They ruined air travel.  We should disband the TSA.  It is a useless expense and hassle.  Grow up all things entail risk.
"xcuz me sir. Imma have to check inside ya azz hole."
It absolutely blows my mind that people don't realize how horrifically risky the TSA is to our airports. It's not because they are incompetently trained, and that their screening procedures are pathetic, time consuming, and wholly racist. The concept of corralling travelers into long queues to be individually screened is a terrorist's wet dream. You don't get checked out by authorities until you reach the agents. So what is to stop someone from coming in, waiting in line, getting to the agent, and setting off two carry-on bags worth of explosives while being surrounded by hundreds of other travelers waiting to get to their terminals? Every time you're in the TSA safety area, you're actually in the optimal zone for destruction. 
I hate air travel. 

I don't carry anything particularly valuable but inevitably someone inspecting my bags steals something. 
You mean a bunch of lazy high school drop outs are bad at their job? Color me surprised. 
Bet they got all his toothpaste and body spray though.
With a 4% success rate it would be news if they actually caught someone.

Edit: Sorry guys it's actually a 5% success rate.

http://www.cnn.com/2015/06/01/politics/tsa-failed-undercover-airport-screening-tests/
The TSA gets a lot of shit for being corrupt, incompetent, inefficient, etc., but I think they should be getting even more shit.
TSA says, "It will retrain employees as needed".  It was reported as a loaded gun in a carry-on bag.  Priceless.
The guy has some balls pointing it out after the fact.
Just imagine "Hey, don't be alarmed, I have a loaded gun."
Can't stop a guy with a loaded gun, but they sure as hell are going to make me throw away my sealed 4 ounce bottle of souvenir hot sauce.
"retrain employees as necessary"? How about getting rid of security theater so that we can actually be safer?
It's because the agents are there for a paycheck only. They don't really care anymore . The agents all look like temp agency rejects in my state. 
"I caught a terrorist" - no TSA agent ever in history 
And the worst part is you can't say shit. Say something about the TSA in line and suddenly you're being selected for "additional screening" and boom you missed your flight. You are now supremely inconvenienced, your wife is pissed, and you just missed Thanksgiving with the family. All because some clowns decided to offer the wrong solution to a problem and created a monster.

Fuck the TSA. Security kabuki theater is what they are.
It's a jobs program that doubles as security theater. It is nothing more than a feel-good measure rather than one that is preventative in any way. 
I was flying to Oklahoma a few years ago to compete in USPSA nationals, and the airline I flew lost my luggage with my pistol, back up pistol, magazines, and ammunition inside of it. The person at the baggage claim desk couldn't give 2 shits even when told there were 2 firearms lost potentially in their airport. The supervisor told me they were doing everything they could and to go to my hotel...I called the ATF instead....go figure that they found my luggage less than 15 minutes later.....in Chicago.

Even better later that night they delivered my luggage with my guns in it to my hotel, I told them specifically to give it to me face to face. After waiting for a couple hours I walked out to get some food and saw my luggage sitting in front of my door 20 feet from the parking lot. No clue how long it had been sitting there. No knocks, no front desk calls, no calls from airline, nothing.

Long story short, it isn't just the TSA that is inept and doesn't give a fuck.
Good thing they're just &amp;12/hr private security. Imagine if they were a federally unionized, virtually unfireable agency with quasi-police powers...oh, wait
They're really good at finding your $60 bottle of Victoria's Secret body spray and making you throw it away.
The only comment in that article:
"Maybe TSA should spend less time cavity searching little old ladies and children in wheel chairs and pay attention to actual threats."

Had me rolling
The TSA needs to be disbanded. It's ineffective and an overall PITA to fly anywhere anymore.
So, one time I was flying from Seattle to LA for Christmas with my family and they made me throw out my little scissors for my eyebrows.  

When I flew back home to Seattle (I was already home), I looked in my purse for something and saw a knife that was given to me for Christmas.  

I never said anything to anyone (maybe I should have, I was 21 years old though and didn't want to get into trouble), but it is really scary that they can overlook something like this.  
It's just negligent to carry a loaded weapon and not be aware of its whereabouts. "Oops, I forgot it brought a loaded weapon with me" shouldn't be a thing. If you're going to be responsible enough to carry, you should damn well know you have a weapon with you, or maybe you shouldn't be carrying.
Slow news day, was it?

The TSA *routinely* fails some 95% of the security tests the agency runs, and has for many years now. This just really isn't news.

And yet, no one got injured or killed. 

I hope someday we can dial back the "security theater" that the TSA provides. What a waste!
I also see a problem with nobody thinking it's fucked right up to misplace a loaded handgun and accidentally travel with it
Well, of course you need a gun on a plane.

What if somebody had a gun on the plane?
ISIS should start using MySpace. No one will find them there. 
Question: how do they actually do it? Do they contact Twitter to suspend them or what?
Why the fuck isn't Twitter doing this? 
It might not seem like much, but it's ISIS we're talking about here. Fuck them.
How are they taking them down? 
 Also, there are 50,000 bacon pizzas on their way to the Islamic state, ha ha! 
Just wait until the hacker 4chan gets in on this, I heard he is really crazy.
They should start Swatting key members of ISIS.
Anonymous: takes down thousands of Isis Twitter accounts and helps leak Isis intelligence to save lives
Reddit: "ugh this isn't helping you should be doing more 
Anonymous: does nothing 
Reddit: "ugh why is anonymous not doing anything what a bunch of phonies."
Meanwhile: twitter doesn't require captchas, allowing robots to do as much signing up as Daesh wants.





This rose to the top of the front page quite quickly. They finally done something about that algorithm?
Ummm my only concern is that maybe the NSA or CIA were using those to monitor or track for intelligence.
If they want to be useful they should find the personal computers and mobiles ISIS uses to access the internet and pass that info to the intelligence community. Working through the darknet would be helpful.
Every bit helps. Everyone in the [threat](https://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/3t0qi5/anonymous_threatens_isis_with_major_cyber_attacks/) threads were ragging on them saying they couldn't do anything, or that it would get in the way of coalition intelligence. If coalition intelligence is relying on twitter for all their information we are in trouble. That is purely a recruitment machine for Daesh and playing whack a mole with their accounts is helpful.
This new Anonymous FoS policing is lame. The Anons I knew would have hacked the accounts, changed their profile picture with a pig's, and changed the owner's content to "How to Masturbate".

Quit fear mongering, Anon - that's what "they" want - instead play with them, that's what they really hate.

edit: Hey thanks, never been gilded before! Funny thing is, is that I'm also /u/dehgoh - I copied my own pasta to stay more, er, "Anonymous".
Who exactly gets to decide what "pro-ISIS" means?

Roll-call votes:

http://www.senate.gov/legislative/LIS/roll_call_lists/roll_call_vote_cfm.cfm?congress=114&amp;session=1&amp;vote=00291

Question: On Passage of the Bill (S. 754, As Amended )

October 27, 2015, 05:10 PM

Measure Number: 	S. 754 (Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act of 2015 )

***YEAS***

* Alexander (R-TN)
* Ayotte (R-NH)
* Barrasso (R-WY)
* Bennet (D-CO)
* Blumenthal (D-CT)
* Blunt (R-MO)
* Boozman (R-AR)
* Boxer (D-CA)
* Burr (R-NC)
* Cantwell (D-WA)
* Capito (R-WV)
* Carper (D-DE)
* Casey (D-PA)
* Cassidy (R-LA)
* Coats (R-IN)
* Cochran (R-MS)
* Collins (R-ME)
* Corker (R-TN)
* Cornyn (R-TX)
* Cotton (R-AR)
* Donnelly (D-IN)
* Durbin (D-IL)
* Enzi (R-WY)
* Ernst (R-IA)
* Feinstein (D-CA)
* Fischer (R-NE)
* Flake (R-AZ)
* Gardner (R-CO)
* Gillibrand (D-NY)
* Grassley (R-IA)
* Hatch (R-UT)
* Heinrich (D-NM)
* Heitkamp (D-ND)
* Hirono (D-HI)
* Hoeven (R-ND)
* Inhofe (R-OK)
* Isakson (R-GA)
* Johnson (R-WI)
* Kaine (D-VA)
* King (I-ME)
* Kirk (R-IL)
* Klobuchar (D-MN)
* Lankford (R-OK)
* Manchin (D-WV)
* McCain (R-AZ)
* McCaskill (D-MO)
* McConnell (R-KY)
* Mikulski (D-MD)
* Moran (R-KS)
* Murkowski (R-AK)
* Murphy (D-CT)
* Murray (D-WA)
* Nelson (D-FL)
* Perdue (R-GA)
* Peters (D-MI)
* Portman (R-OH)
* Reed (D-RI)
* Reid (D-NV)
* Roberts (R-KS)
* Rounds (R-SD)
* Sasse (R-NE)
* Schatz (D-HI)
* Schumer (D-NY)
* Scott (R-SC)
* Sessions (R-AL)
* Shaheen (D-NH)
* Shelby (R-AL)
* Stabenow (D-MI)
* Thune (R-SD)
* Tillis (R-NC)
* Toomey (R-PA)
* Warner (D-VA)
* Whitehouse (D-RI)
* Wicker (R-MS)

***NAYS***

*  Baldwin (D-WI)
*  Booker (D-NJ)
*  Brown (D-OH)
*  Cardin (D-MD)
*  Coons (D-DE)
*  Crapo (R-ID)
*  Daines (R-MT)
*  Franken (D-MN)
*  Heller (R-NV)
*  Leahy (D-VT)
*  Lee (R-UT)
*  Markey (D-MA)
*  Menendez (D-NJ)
*  Merkley (D-OR)
*  Risch (R-ID)
*  Sanders (I-VT)
*  Sullivan (R-AK)
*  Tester (D-MT)
*  Udall (D-NM)
*  Warren (D-MA)
*  Wyden (D-OR)

***NOT VOTING***

* Cruz (R-TX)
* Graham (R-SC)
* Paul (R-KY)
* Rubio (R-FL)
* Vitter (R-LA)
"Dear Americans, Fuck you" - Your elected representatives
&gt;Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-CA), who sponsored the bill in 2014, said the amendments would "undo the careful compromises we made on this bill."

What fucking compromises?  The government is getting all the surveillance tools it wants and it doesn't have to give us any privacy protections.
The way journalists are treating this issue is stupid. They're all treating CISA as a "debate" between the government and some faceless straw-men called "privacy advocates." Few are reporting what CISA **really** is. It's a [proposed law](https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20151026/10050332638/reading-tea-leaves-to-understand-why-cisa-is-surveillance-bill.shtml) that would give companies immunity from lawsuits if they share information with the government. What that information will be isn't well defined. Amendments to clarify that personal information shouldn't be shared were [voted down](https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20151027/11172332650/senate-rejects-all-cisa-amendments-designed-to-protect-privacy-reiterating-that-surveillance-bill.shtml), indicating that the Senate intends CISA for surveillance.
Thanks Obama. Thanks Congress. I'm sure the supreme court will let this slide as legal too; So to those, wild shot in the dark, 5 members who say it is legal thanks to you as well.

I'm glad the government told me we don't need the 4th amendment anymore. I just can't wait for them to tell me what other rights I don't need.
&gt;Critics say the bill does more to invade the privacy of ordinary Americans than protects US interests. 

&gt;Sen. Ron Wyden, the only member of the intelligence committee to vote against the bill, said CISA will "have a limited impact on US cybersecurity." 

They get rid of one and then slip another one through thinking that we'll be stupid and say sure this one is different.

Who you vote for as President will not change this. Bernie or Donald, it will sit untouched. You need to vote for senators. You need to vote for house representatives.  *You need to vote for congressional representatives* and **you need to write your representatives when they fuck it up**
Please note that Debbie Wasserman, DNC chair has supported every such bills, CISA, SOPA, CISPA et al. 

From [The Guardian's coverage](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/oct/27/cisa-cybersecurity-bill-senate-vote):

&gt; Democratic presidential contender Bernie Sanders voted against the bill. None of the Republican presidential candidates (except Lindsey Graham, who voted in favor) were present to cast a vote, including Rand Paul, who has made privacy from surveillance a major plank of his campaign platform.

Just sayin.

Edit: included link.
Thank you, technologically clueless congressmen. Let's control the scary Internet. /s
Holy cow, regardless of the data sharing aspect. Companies should be held responsible when their security is breached. You don't get a free pass for not having adequate protection measures. I suspect general companies are going to rely more and more on this bill and not invest in cyber security. bulls. For example, Experian should be held responsible for their recent flop and a class action law suit should be brought against them. AND so what? every time a security flop happens, taxpayers are just going to pay themselves? Taxes --&gt; breach of security --&gt; lawsuit --&gt; tax money settlement. wth. the US will go poor &gt;.&gt;
"Please have kids even though we are turning your country into an Orwellian state!"


"We promise your children will enjoy a future without freedom!"
What do we have to do to make them understand that we the people don't want this? It's only for spying, not cyber-security as noted by the 4 failed votes for the privacy protection. 

The most sad thing of all is that this proves our country isn't run by the corporations, as many stood against it. Our leaders are just inept. 
What's everyone shitting themselves for? It's time to start doxxing members of Congress and executives of fortune 500 companies.

These fuckers want to play? OK, let's see how they like all of their information schpatz all over social media.
Can someone explain to me how Republicans can constantly complain that the government has too much power, and then go and vote for this bill?
This was sponsored by Dianne Feinstein?  What a surprise /s

It's amazing how much damage a single woman has done to our freedom.
You Americans might want to start using a VPN if you download torrents. You're fucked now.
For everyone wondering what to do, this is what we do:

1. Find out which of our representatives voted for the bill.

2. Find out when they are coming up for reelection.

3. Vote them out of office. This may require voting across party lines, but I'm willing to stomach a republican senator if it turns out either of my senators is a democrat who needs to be punished for voting for CISA.

Don't forget to get everyone you can on board. If you can convince just one other person to vote a traitorous senator out of office, you've just doubled your voting power.

Also, senators only come up for reelection every six years, so they think they don't have to do what we want because we'll have forgotten all about it by election day. That means right now is the time to stick a note on the refrigerator or put a calendar notification in your phone.
It really just feels like we're fighting our own government, the government that is supposed to protect and support our interests. It just feels like it's us versus them, and not all of us in this thing together.
As much as I dislike political circlejerk, Bernie did not disappoint. 

&gt; Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT) was the only presidential candidate to vote against the bill, according to The Guardian
This is our most desperate hour.  Help us, Anonymous wan kenobi.  You're our only hope.
If Obama wants to make up for years of failed promises he could veto this horse shit bill.

I'm not holding my breath. 
Anyone else in favor of starting a Mars colony?

I weep for the world we have given our children.
In related news, the European Parliament killed net neutrality on the same day.   
  
Overall, a pretty productive day. 
Wow, $61k! Good thing they're hitting 'em where it hurts! /s
Work in Beverly Hills/Bel Air, can confirm, people don't give a single shit about the drought. 
When my state had a drought a few years ago (wealthy) people were actually willing to just pay the fines and break the regulations. They even said so publicly.
If the Bob Ross marathon has taught me one thing about water, it's that you drag the brush down to create it.

Have they tried that?
Unless they cut back on Ag, it's all conservation theater
How will they afford it?
If California took 2 steps there would is actually enough water for us all to water our lawns (residential use is only ~~15%~~ 10% of the state's consumption) etc.  

1) moratorium on export beef -at 2200 to 8000 gallons per pound, the last thing we need to be doing is selling beef to Asia etc.     

2) moratorium on export alfalfa -this is one of the most water intensive crops we grow, and it's nearly all for consumption by the beef industry here and abroad.    

&gt;If Californians were eating all the beef they produced, one might write off alfalfa’s water footprint as the cost of nurturing local food systems. But that’s not what’s happening. Californians are sending their alfalfa, and thus their water, to Asia. The reason is simple. It’s more profitable to ship alfalfa hay from California to China than from the Imperial Valley to the Central Valley. Alfalfa growers are now exporting some 100 billion gallons of water a year from this drought-ridden region to the other side of the world in the form of alfalfa. All as more Asians are embracing the American-style, meat-hungry diet.   

http://www.nytimes.com/2014/03/08/opinion/meat-makes-the-planet-thirsty.html   

edit: [residential use is closer to 10%, not 15%](http://www.ppic.org/main/publication_show.asp?i=1108)
Yet nobody is stopping the farmers from using deep drilling oil rigs to sink wells into the central valley aquifer, tear out low-water use crops and plant high water use crops like dates and olives.

The farmers are pumping out thousands of gallons for free, to water crops that are particularly bad in a drought, and nobody cares.  But oh, some people in the city take a few extra showers and everybody freaks out.

If I was a resident of California I would also use as much water as I wanted, because its blatantly obvious that the government of California only cares about LOOKING like they're solving the problem.  They don't actually care about solving the problem at all.  May as well not be a chump, and use the water while its there anyway.

Tragedy of the commons.  Oldest trick in the book.

**EDIT Since this got popular, I'll explain further.**

My point is not to say that I advocate wasting water. I'm saying that these punitive laws are pointless, and only for show.  If they REALLY wanted to fix the problem they'd do something like this:

* Start charging people the REAL cost of a gallon of water.  Maybe have a reasonable rate for the first X gallons (so you don't unfairly punish the poor) and then begin charging more for every additional gallon.  This increased revenue can then be used for improving water infrastructure.  Nobody would be complaining that some rich folks in Beverly Hills used extra water if they were paying 2 dollars a gallon for it, and that extra money was being used to build more infrastructure...
* Determine a maximum safe agricultural well depth, and set some regulations to prevent entirely draining the central valley aquifer. Or just own up to the fact that you're willing to drain that thing dry, and let the farmers continue to go nuts.  But don't pretend to be tough on water use, while letting certain segments of the population use as much as they want while others are punished.

I don't know what it is about California.  They won't embrace desalinization plants.  Florida uses them on a large scale.  The water prices are reasonable.  My house has its own system.  Engage brain and use science to solve rather than have unnecessary "shortages".
God damn rich people... Just turn off their water when they use to much... Then fine them to turn it back on.
Wow that'll show em'! $61K.  What is that comparable to, like  a mid level Audi? 
Semi-related: anyone notice the price of almonds lately? $18 for 3 pounds at Costco. That's a 100% price increase from 5 years ago. It can't be because of the drought. If that were the case, there'd be less almonds, but the supply is plentiful. They're actually planting more almond trees in the valley. We really need to stop buying them and send a message. Cash crops and greedy corporate farms are exacerbating the drought and making huge profits at the cost of our future and well being. Ban the almond!
Here's the ATC audio recording: http://www.wptv.com/news/national/jason-kinzer-allegiant-pilot-says-he-was-wrongly-fired-over-evacuation

Someone asks him to hold the evacuation, he repeatedly asks for the reason to hold and gets no answer. This pilot did the right thing, it's completely unreasonable to hold an evacuation without reason, after the fire crew has confirmed evidence of a fire. It's completely unreasonable to not answer the radio fucking immediately when there is a plane packed full of people.
I've been telling friends to stay away from Allegiant  regularly. I keep seeing headlines about malfunctions and emergency actions.

Low cost flights, sure... but at this rate it's a matter of time before tragedy strikes.
"In event of a fire, please use the most cost effective form of evacuation possible."  -Allegiant Air
I'm guessing if he didn't evacuate the people and the engine ended up exploding and hurting/killing some people, the airlines would blame him for not evacuating the people.
I flew 6 years for a bottom feeding, cost cutting, scumbag run airline similar to allegiant in operational and business practices. For the pilots at these airlines, every day is a battle. You're pushed and coerced to cut corners in the name of saving money. You'll be challenged if you want to increase the fuel load because the weather is marginal (fuel burn is increased in a heavier plane). You'll be threatened with punitive action if you call off sick (which you're obligated to do by federal law). You'll be bullied by middle management if you ground a plane for maintenance reasons (which you're also required to do by federal regulation). And you'll have your decision making questioned if you order an evacuation of a smoking airplane not because some pax were injured on the slide, but because blowing the slides costs money! 

Your pilots are up front fighting this battle every day. 
My mother is a flight attendant for Allegiant Air. She's always telling me about how their planes are old and shitty, and how the company waits as long as possible to make repairs, and how the management doesn't give a shit about the employees, they just want to reduce the overhead as much as possible. [The CEO previously founded an airline that had a crash due to shitty maintenance.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ValuJet_Airlines#Flight_597)
"I have not had a moment of remorse over this," he said. "No aviator should ever feel the fear of retribution ... (for) doing something in the interest of safety." truely nailed that one on the head.
I flew Allegiant recently on a trip to meet my girl's parents....fortunately Allegiant never bothered to put my bags on the plane (opting instead to place them on a conveyor belt to nowhere, so I could show up at her family's formal dinner in a t shirt, shorts, and sandals,  the way every man dreams of meeting his girlfriends parents. thanks Allegiant!!!

ps. at least the plane was late and dirty, so, you know, top marks for consistency
I can't believe they didn't see the pr nightmare that firing him would cause. Like I'm going to fly with an airline that fires a captain for being concerned about his and the passengers' safety.

Edit: Also if the reason was because it's so expensive to reinstall the emergency shutes, how about you make sure there isn't an emergency in the first place
I'm no airplane expert either, but even if there was a 1% of a fire given the information at the time, I'd do the same thing as the pilot.
&gt;Bryan Dougherty, a passenger, said once the Allegiant captain gave the evacuation order, "It was pure mayhem. Everybody was pushing everybody." He said an older woman who was pushed down a chute by a flight attendant wound up going to the hospital.

&gt;Dougherty said he didn't smell smoke before the evacuation but that others sitting in the back of the plane did. He didn't think it was necessary to use emergency slides, but added, "I'm no airline expert."

Well no shit you're not "an airplane expert", shut the fuck up.  I've seen what a fire can do in a confined space such as an aircraft, it ain't fuckin' pretty.
Obviously you don't want a skittish pilot but they smelled smoke in the plane and then emergency services reported smoke from the engine. If that pilot had *not* evacuated the plane and it had burst into flames I can guarantee you there would be lawsuits questioning his sanity.

I've been on lots of jets and I've never seen a jet engine emit smoke. That means the thing is on fire.

Your plane, loaded with jet fuel, is on fire. What do you do.

Cmon.
I flew allegiant over the summer from CR, IA to LAX and back. God awful experience. They over booked the flight and had to ask people to get off, not promising any other tickets. The people wanted to be assured they would be refunded or have other tickets but the crew refused. terrible experience waiting to take off for over an hour while the airline fucks up.

Edit: Might have been DSM I flew out of.
The key to this suit is going to be the manual. If the published emergency procedure calls for evacuating the passengers, he is obligated to do that. This is a boneheaded move on the airline's part.
&gt; Bryan Dougherty, a passenger,...
&gt; Dougherty said he didn't smell smoke before the evacuation but that others sitting in the back of the plane did. He didn't think it was necessary to use emergency slides, but added, "I'm no airline expert."

Ummm, he's no airline expert....so why should anybody even hear is opinion?  I'm not an airline expert either and I say, "smoke shmoke. Go for it!"
Holy shit! I flew allegiant 9 months ago and the engine started smoking when I was taking off!! Took a ton of convincing to get me on that plane back home 
Edit:  See here for more information on this: http://www.luckyeagle.com/nov15-facts/
Thanks to /u/super_nef for the link!

Edit 2:  More info thanks to /u/raevnos :http://www.wsgc.wa.gov/faq/tribal-lottery-system.aspx

Former casino slot machine maintenance worker here.

Slot machines are tied into a central computer system that keeps track of the payouts made by the machine, but the actual computation of the payouts is done by the machine itself.  The slot machine vendors produce software that has variables that can be changed by the casino to determine what % of the incoming money is given back to the players.  This can vary between 80% and 97%, typically.  That amount is the average over so many plays, so it is possible for a casino to get a new machine and then go into the hole for thousands of dollars through a few lucky rolls.

Looking at this story I think there are three possibilities:

a) The slot machine in question cannot possibly pay out with $8M.  I worked on a nickel machine that erroneously offered a $15M payout, as well as another nickel slot that indicated that $0.11 had been paid.  These were examples of math errors for extremely rare situations that the programmers hadn't tested.

b) The machine stopped communicating with the central system, but kept running, which indicates a more serious software bug as communication with the casino's computers is generally hard coded as a requirement to function.

c) The casino has not yet reached a profit margin for the machine to see the $8M payout as a sustainable loss and is claiming error to get out of paying.  The company that produced the machine will investigate it and can blacklist the casino if it turns out the machine was operating properly, as failures of THIS magnitude look poorly upon the manufacturer to other casinos.

At the end of the day, modern slot machines are actually just glorified video games with security up the ass to cover various peoples' butts.
Goddamn. That is like the worst emotional rollercoaster 
Looks like the machine legit malfunctioned....


Interesting problem
Casino machines are such a racket.  I'm surprised there isn't something like "Casino Machine Malfunction Insurance"....maybe there is.
How could you even tell the machine malfunctioned?
A lawsuit would actually give her better odds of a payout, I'd think.
I was playing blackjack with a buddy one night and ended up winning a huge hand (for my betting habits; I usually play $5 tables).  I should have got ~$500 but the dealer gave me $1200 for some reason.  My buddy also hit an even bigger one and should have got roughly $1200 but the dealer gave him $2500.  We both immediately went and cashed our chips in and got the fuck out.  

Bullshit stories like the article here are why I don't feel bad for doing that.  Not one bit.
[deleted]
Most comments in this thread remind me of the kind of person who says "It didn't scan, it must be free" at the supermarket checkout. 

Nobody is entitled to benefit from a technical error. If the machine isn't intended to ever give a $8m payout, then nobody gets an $8m payout. 

The right thing to do here for the casino is to pay this woman $6,000, which is the maximum she could have possibly won with the amount she was betting while playing at the machine she was at. 

That way, she probably gets way more than she deserves, and the casino save face with (relatively) minimal loss. Win-win, imo.

[Source for $6k figure](http://www.luckyeagle.com/nov15-facts/)
Put it this way. If somebody put down $8M in chips when they meant to put down $80, do you think the casino would allow take-backsies? 

No. Looks like the casino gambled and lost...
If this has "never happened before", why have a sign up that talks about voiding instances of machine errors? I hope she's able to take it to court and win more than her actual intial winnings.
&gt;Courter, of Englishtown, and Trinidad, of Bloomfield, initially said motorist Marcus Jeter tried to grab Courter's gun and struck Trinidad during a traffic stop on the Garden State Parkway in 2012. Jeter was charged with resisting arrest, aggravated assault and other offenses based on video from one of the officers' dashboard cameras.

&gt;But Jeter acquired a second police dashcam video through an open records request. Combined, the videos showed him with his hands in the air for virtually the entire encounter.

The dashcam giveth, and the dashcam taketh away 
All cases using their testimony or arrests that they have made need to be reviewed.
If anyone is wondering about the back story, this new video wasn't discovered until right before the victim was to stand trial.  The defense attorney requested videos of the arrest and discovered the 2nd dash cam video that the prosecutor didn't even bother to review before deciding to charge him and send it to trial. 
  
As for the video itself, it was from the dash of a second police vehicle that showed up later in the stop.  When he got there he got out and watched as his fellow officer scream "STOP REACHING FOR MY GUN!!!! STOP REACHING FOR MY GUN!!!!" while punching a man in the face who had his hands sky high the entire time.  The officer who arrived late didn't even fucking bat an eye at this kind of behavior.  I wouldn't know what the hell to think if I came upon this scene but apparently to him it was normal.  I don't know how much more evidence we need that this is standard operating procedure for these cops.   If I ever saw a single charge of 'resisting arrest' on a job applicants record I would never use that against them.  Fuck knows how many innocent people have done time because of this exact behavior.  
&gt;  "He was facing five years in prison. But for the dash camera in the second police vehicle, he might be in prison today."

This makes me wonder how many other people have been coerced into a plea deal or are sitting in jail right now because the cops that framed them were smart enough not to have evidence that would have cleared the person.  As far as I am concerned, if I am on a jury and the only thing that the prosecution brings to the table is the word of the police, I absolutely will not vote guilty.  There are simply too many cases like this.  Show me the video that backs up the accusation or don't waste my time.  As reasonable citizens, we ALL have the moral obligation to not sanction a person based just on the words of people in a profession who are proven on an almost daily basis to be loose with the truth.  
[deleted]
Thank goodness for dash cams or an innocent man would be in prison and these corrupt cops would still be walking the streets.

Mandatory body cams nationwide NOW.
Why did they do this? What is the point of this cop insanity? Are these thugs with badges really that inadequate that they have to make crap up? 

I thought my encounter with a cop was bad, but this is horrible. 

There are a lot of good officers, but this has got to stop! We have enough crime to stop without making things up. 

Look at how many resources this used. And for what? 

Stop the blue wall of silence. 
Man fuck the police!

My wife was in an accident 2 years ago, and went the hospital which clearly peeved the cop who coudln't get the report done or something. 

So he straight up lies, says my wife was not part of the 3 car accident she was apart of, but instead says she was hit by a truck no one else saw, and managed to avoid being hit by the two cars between her. 

Had our insurance company not put in the leg work to figure it out we would hae been screwed on medical bills. Thankfully they did, and when we finally got in contact with the insurance company of the person who caused the accident they were so happy to have found my wife and close the case after giving us a settlement. 

None of them could understand what the State Trooper was doing, or why he was lying when the insurance companies investigation was 100% no other cars were involved. 

That cop straight up lied because my wife decided to get checked out at the Hospital.  
Wow, they're sentenced to 5 years. No way they'll serve most if any of that though. 
Here's video of EMS and police loading the man into the ambulance [face down](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q_1AXTikqPM)
Has anyone ever died from LSD
&gt;Goode was left hog-tied and on his stomach for an extended period after his July 18 arrest in Southaven, Edwards said. The autopsy shows that Goode had trouble breathing in that position and when his heart couldn't compensate, it went into cardiac arrhythmia and killed him, Edwards said.

&gt;He was suffocating. His heart increased into what is called tachycardia," Edwards said. "There is no scientific basis to attribute his death to LSD."

That was not a pleasant way to die, it sounds like actual torture. 
6 to 8 months for an autopsy?!?  What are they going to do, 3D print a copy and work off that?
He was a science nerd (a chemical engineer) who got high on LSD and marijuana with a bunch of friends going to a music gig and had an erratic response. 

Taking him home, his wife stopped at a parking lot on [Mississippi Highway 302 (Goodman Road)](https://www.google.com.hk/maps/@34.9627265,-89.8465952,17z) - not exactly a built up area - to let him out of the car. He started running in and out of traffic; a clear risk to himself and drivers. When the police arrived, he continued to run around, resisting arrest and letting a dog out of a police vehicle. 

Okay, he needed to be subdued. That much is clear. He was in the midst of a wild trip. 

But surely there's a better way to handle a 6'1", 150lb guy tripping in a remote parking lot. What was wrong with using handcuffs to restrain him?

I appreciate police have to deal with dangerous events. This wasn't one of them. 

It's sickening to read. 
Hog-tying is supposed to be illegal. It used to be a common legal practice (in IL at least according to my old street law teacher who is currently a detective),  but people realized that it was *extremely dangerous* and makes it extremely hard to breathe.

Shitty job done by those cops, I'd imagine it's illegal everywhere.
"The man who was tripping balls on acid didn't say he was uncomfortable" alright there bud
"The autopsy shows that Goode had trouble breathing in that position..."  : ( As someone with claustrophobia, dying this way is my nightmare... 
Well, considering nobody in the history of the world has died from LSD intoxication, this seems like a fairly straightforward conclusion.
Holy shit, can you imagine how horrifying it must have been for that guy? Having a bad trip already, only then to be arrested and fucking HOG TIED to the point where died? He was at a hippie concert for fuck sake.
I'm so confused by the officers just ignoring the law. Yet any way we step over a line, we have the chance to die. When will enough be enough? Why are we still complaining on reddit? I see these things almost twice a week, and the top comment is always how sad that it happens here. Well it happens, let's get past the sorrow and fix it! I'm tired of police officers, judges, and politicians just making laws to keep us from stopping them. Didn't we break away from England for how their government was treating us as a whole? What will it take for us to do something!? We have had cops hurting babies to big corporations buying laws practically. Where do we draw the line?
What's the deal with southerners and "hog-tying?"
Prior to today I couldn't think of anything worse than just being in Mississippi. 
Paraphrasing: EMS and police were faced with a difficult situation and handled the arrest in the way they saw fit and appropriate. The City will put up a vigorous defense for them. 

It's amazing how cops can get away with doing wrong/bad things just because "it was a tough call" and/or "it was what we thought was appropriate"

I think we should create a new sub for all the "innocent person killed by police" and "unarmed guy shot dead by cop" stories. It just seems like a never ending stream. A sub would categorize them and provide context.
&gt; Prosecutors laid out why his child porn conviction is so heinous ... there was an enormous amount of child porn in the various devices of Fogle and Russell Taylor, including 5.6 terabytes of data. There were 16 smart phones, 6 laptops, 22 DVDs, 159,634 text messages, 3,394 videos and 47,623 pictures.

That is a lot of porn 
Prosecution asked for 151 months and the judge said "I'll do you one better" and handed out 188. Any legal folks out there want to give context as to how common this sort of thing is?
Holy crap, talk about headlines I could not have imagined seeing 2 years ago.    
"Not a day will go by that I will not think about them and what I did." 

Oh, he nasty.

&gt;Fogle calls his conduct "horrible." Says he began to live a life of lies and deception.

&gt;"At the time, I really didn't think through what I was doing," he said. "At the time I though it was okay."

&gt;"Not a day will go by that I will not think about them and what I did," Fogle said.


At the time, I thought it was OK?!?
Imagine how fat he'll be when released.
2 things Jared had to do to enjoy being a multi millionaire for rest of his life

1.  Shut up and eat a sandwich

2.  Don't diddle kids

"I'm here to eat sandwiches and diddle kids, and it looks like I'm out of sandwiches"

Jared



edit:  Thank you kind stranger, for the first reddit gold in my life
&gt; 10:56 a.m.
&gt; 
&gt; The prosecution is questioning Bradford now, asking for clarification on the pedophilia diagnosis. Bradford defends his diagnosis of "weak/mild" pedophilia.

So what counts as severe then? He has 5.6 terabytes of CP. Or is this about his sex drive?

edit:
Correction: He and his buddy was caught with a total of 5.6 TB. He probably had less himself. Still, what separates severe and mild?
under 16, that is a big win for him.
[removed]
I went to Subway today and they gave me a free soda. I wonder if this is why.
Wow, and here I was expecting a year max due to his celebrity and foot-long cash.
What the fuck is "mild pedophilia"?

5 TB of porn isn't mild.
Jared requested juvenile prison.
Looks like South Park was spot on about Jared wanting to give all the kids AIDS.
&gt; In a brief statement to the court, Fogle says, "I owe a huge apology to the people who supported me and my positive messages the last 15 years," according to WISH-TV's Tim McNicholas.

"... but nah, I'm not saying sorry to the kids."Edit: Apparently he continued to apologize to his victims, despite the article not showing that, at least when I read it.
&gt;Judge Pratt properly rejected Fogle's plea for a 5 year sentence and imposed an appropriate sentence of 15 and ½ years.  My office works within the federal sentencing laws, and this community has my word that the law was followed today.  Those who engage in child exploitation received a clear message today. 

Yes, don't take the plea deal.
Good. I'm glad his money couldn't buy his way out of this.
He's still done when he gets out. He'll be registered as a sex offender for the rest of his life. Granted, he'll still have some of his money, so I guess his best option after prison is to move to somewhere remote and retire quietly. 

That said, for the crap he's done, I can't believe they gave him just 15 years. Should be longer - at least until he's an old man and can't harm anyone anymore. 

Fogle was stupid, though. I mean, did he really think he was going to get away with it after blabbing his crimes to relative strangers? Lost his reputation, his way of life, his wife, his kids... everything just so that he could fuck around. Fucking dipshit.

EDIT: Thanks for the gold!
I think it's unfair at this point to call him Subway's Jared Fogle. What the dude did, subway in no way endorsed.
Fucks kids.  Distributes child porn.  Gets a shorter sentence than someone growing pot.  
To those of you who think he'll be getting raped in prison, I worked for the federal prison system for nine years.   Sorry to disappoint but high profile pedophiles usually go into protective custody, i.e. they get locked in solitary. As satisfying as it might be to see him violated, the BOP does have the responsibility to keep him safe. But don't despair, solitary, or 'special housing' as it is called, is no cake walk. You spend all your time in an 8 x 14 cell with a metal shower, sink, toilet unit at one end, a concrete shelf that passes for a desk and a concrete bunk with a thin plastic mattress. One hour of recreation a week in a chain link cage, one phone call a month, limited access to commissary, no access to recreational facilities and limited visits. You receive your meals through a slot. That's also how you get any medication or mail. If you get let out it is in cuffs with two officers guarding you. It will be a long, long 13.5 years. And he only gets that time off if his behavior is perfect. If he acts out he'll do every minute of those 15 years.
I hope he serves every single day of it.  
I feel really awful for his children.
Sigh.  Time to update the list.

Idols:

~~Jared Fogel~~

~~Bill Cosby~~

Janet Yellen

Ruth Bader Ginsburg

Ok, still good.


He thought he would be let off easy because they were 16 and 17 years old instead of younger. Surprise!
I wonder what that must be like...

You go from being a celebrity, I assume he lived a half decent life style to now the feeling of going to prison for child porn.

I just can't imagine, the thought of going to prison at all terrifies me.  But to think 15 years!? The fact of how much it terrifies me feels like he's getting what he deserves.  

I hope he likes prison food, and penis. 
Serious question, but would it not be better to treat pedophiles with both incarceration and psychological treatment. I can't help but feel it's more of mental illness than someone actively choosing to commit a crime. Curious to hear what you all think.
Meanwhile Ross Ulbricht is sentenced to life....

Edit: I am glad that most of you have read up on the 2 corrupted DEA agents. And agree that Jared's sentence is too light.
[removed]
Since this story has broken I am trying to figure out exactly what Jared Fogle has admitted to. Now here is what he has pleaded guilty to. 

1. Paying for s*x a person who was 16 or 17 years old, and traveling across the country to do so. While there having inappropriate conversations with that person. Coming from a State where the Age of Consent is 16, in a State where the Age of Consent is 17. 

2. Receiving from an associate photos of minors in the nude, being filmed secretly at his residence, while changing their clothing. 

If I am missing something, please correct me. Otherwise please explain the source of these potential criminal sentences (50 years ?!?!) and this incredible public outrage. While both are illegal and certainly eeeuw, in a sane world 1. is hardly the crime of the century and 2. nudity is hardly pornography. 

Yes, I have children. No, I am not a pedophile. I am curious.
Well ya, edibles are fucking pricy. Weeds cheap but it ain't free.
**Nobody. Gives. Out. Free. Drugs.**
That shit is expensive. No one is going to give it away for free as a prank. 
Its weird when my father, who was zero tolerance towards drugs and alcohol, mentioned about why would anyone put drugs into candy when drugs are still money.  Not to mention, why waste it on a kid when you can have it?
Of course they weren't. It would be expensive as fuck.

Same logic I always laugh at of people being worried about "laced" weed. Yes your dealer put more expensive drugs in your pot because that's so cost effective lol.
When will people accept that drugs are too expensive to give away? Also, when will they realize no one is willing to go to jail for drugging random kids?  

This level of stupidity is unforgivable. 
Dude, weed is still very much a luxury item. 

A good strength batch cannabutter needs a 1/4 ounce (7 grams) of weed per stick of butter. Considering a typical batch of cookies uses 2 sticks of butter then you're looking at a 1/2 ounce (14 grams) of weed. Yesterday in the amazing state of Oregon I picked up 7 grams of Pineapple Chunk for $60 so I can put it in a water cure to remove the weed taste in future cooking. 

I don't know Dever prices but you're looking at about $120 worth of weed for some brownies that will give you a very good time. That shit gets expensive when you hand it out to people willy nilly. It's not uncommon to see brownies go for $5-$20 a piece at music festivals. 

It's a different story if you grow your own but ain't nobody just handing out edibles like candy.    
As a Denver parent who enjoys taking the kids out on Halloween, [I know what to look out for.](http://i.imgur.com/tpzrUJf.gifv)
I just got back from Denver, and on my way to the airport my Uber driver was telling me that he had a friend who worked at the local hospital.  He told me that, according to her, there were more than 250 children hospitalized from marijuana overdose from edibles.  I had been chatting with the guy pretty amicably for awhile, but I just couldn't believe a word of that.  For all I know, I could be completely wrong, but 250 children hospitalized from edibles seems like a trumped up statistic.
"Rear Adm. Brian Losey was investigated five times by the Defense Department's inspector general after subordinates complained that he had wrongly fired, demoted or punished them during a fruitless hunt for the person who had anonymously reported him for a minor travel-policy infraction, according to documents obtained by The Washington Post."

Sounds like the reasonable level-headed type of person we need in charge of our armed forces. 
By all accounts, he had a Nixonian fixation on his perceived enemies, even going so far as to make up a list of suspected disloyal subordinates, with a vow to "bury" them.  The investigation concluded he had wrongly targeted them, damaging some of their careers as a result.  This is not leadership.  The Navy opted to do nothing in light of the investigation's findings.  He, of course, remains unrepentant and will be promoted.  This is not leadership at the highest levels.  Leaders do not protect their own at the expense of those who comprise the ranks.

Edit: I just want to point out that the Navy has a higher burden of proof for whistle blowers than the civilian world. The investigation thought, even with the higher burden, he should be punished.
Most of the jobs I have had, the most asshole of assholes get promoted to management and stay. 
So if it was illegal, why isn't he being prosecuted like anyone else who does something illegal and gets caught?


I mean... isn't there a guy on ships blowing a whistle all the time, anyway?
Given the current culture laid down by the Administration in the White House, punishing whistleblowers and having that lead to a promotion makes all the sense in the world to me.
Wow sounds like the Eagles of Death Metal show is being held hostage. This could get really bad. 

Aside from the shooting, there are 60 people in a theater taken hostage, and a dismembered body outside of the stadium. This is big.

EDIT: There are reported shootings all around Paris right now.

EDIT 2: France is now under curfew, for the first time since 1944

SkyNews Livestream: http://channel9000.net/stream/youtube?id=y60wDzZt8yg
UPDATE: 'A BBC journalist at the scene says he can see 10 people on the road either dead or seriously injured.'
**AFP reports at 23:00 CET:**

- Two shootings. 

- Hostage situation in a concert venue. 

- Multiple explosions at a bar near the soccer stadium Stade de France. President François Hollande was present at soccer game, he has been evacuated.

- 26 dead.



**Update at 23:10 CET, source AFP through NRK:**


- 15 of the mortalities at the concert venue Bataclan, where Eagles of Death Metal were performing.


- 30 dead.


- 60 hostages at concert venue Bataclan.



**Update at 23:20 CET, from BFMTV**

- At least 40 dead.



**Update at 23:24 CET, from AP**

- Estimate of 100 hostages at Bataclan.



**Update at 23:30 CET, BBC through Twitter**

- French journalist Erwan Desplanques claims 5-6 attackers at Bataclan.


**Update at 23:35 CET, CNN**

- Vice mayor of Paris, Patrick Klugman, "unconfirmed reports of suicide bombers at soccer stadium Stade de France"

**Update at 23:36 CET, NRK**

- Unconfirmed reports of shootings at Les Halles, a shopping center in Paris.

**Update at 23:45 CET, French Police, Breaking3zero through Twitter**

- 6 coordinated attacks.

**Update at 23:48 CET, CNN**

~~- Attacks at Louvre and Centre Pompidou, museums in Paris.~~
Retracted by CNN, still floating around on NRK. Unconfirmed. 


**Update at 23:50 CET, BNO News**

- Unconfirmed reports of 60 mortalities.

**Update at 23:55 CET, BBC**

- President Hollande declares state of emergency, borders closed.

**Update at 00:05 CET, BBC**

- President Hollande confirms ongoing situations.

**Update at 00:13 CET, AFP**

- Explosion at Stade de France believed to be suicide bomb.

**Update at 00:23 CET, AP through NTB**

- Two suicide attacks, and one bomb.

**Update at 00:28 CET, eye witness report, Reuters through BBC**

- Five explosions and gunfire heard at the Bataclan.

**Update at 00:31 CET**

- French police urges no reports regarding Bataclan, ongoing operation. Please refer to live stream.

**[Live streams are now up and running, will cease updates here.](https://www.reddit.com/live/vwwmdb26t78v)**
They just issued a State of Emergency, and the borders have been closed.

This is insane.
For those who may need assistance in Paris: 
Irish Embassy +33144176700, 
British Embassy +33144513100,
US Embassy +33143122222 ‪#‎ParisAttacks‬
Check ‪#‎opendoor‬ hashtag if you need a place to sleep! France help everyone !
If you have a friend here in Paris, just tell him to stay safe... contact #opendoor, plenty of rooms available.
HOSPITAL ARE OPEN ALL NIGHT!!! WE ARE HURT OR WHATEVER YOU CAN GO IN ONE OF OUR HOSPITALS
TAXIS ARE FREE= TAKE THEM!!!
If you need information, I don't have a lot but I can try to help from here.

EDIT: borders in and out of Paris have been shut down, most hotels even some homes are letting people in, so if you are staying out side of Paris find a hotel and just stay inside
Thanks /u/the_psycho
Hostages taken at the Bataclan concert hall too. Coordinated attack.

https://twitter.com/AFP/status/665282682386010112
Damn, second attack in Paris in less than 12 months. My heart goes out to the people in that city. 
Heard shots from what sounded like within 100m eating dinner near Bastille tonight. Pretty shaken up.
Christ. It's the mumbai model. It works. Fucking frightening. 
periscope stream near by, i heard a few rifle rounds fired 5 min ago

https://www.periscope.tv/w/1OyJAmadvzDJb
'The reported 100 hostages inside the Bataclan are being slaughtered one by one with a shotgun for over an hour, according to various reports'.

- Holy fuck that's horrific.  
Paris again? This city seems unfortunately targeted by these things....


Edit: Removed the word "hotbed" from my post. 
The reaction to this attack is going to be crazy. I have no idea how the general Paris citizens are going to take it. After the previous past attacks and something of this magnitude, I wouldn't be surprised if riots happened and groups of people commit violence against refugee/Muslim neighborhoods.

Or maybe not, I don't know. Either way, the whole event is horrible.
french president is now closing the borders. so those who committed those crimes can be stopped if they are attempting to leave
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CTusxiqVEAA9t6-.jpg

From Eaglesof Death Metal: "We are still currently trying to determine the safety and whereabouts of all our band and crew."
Paris embassy numbers:

British: +33144513100 
Irish: +33144176700
US: +33143122222
Australia: +33140593300
Canada: +33144432900
I hope none of my fellow Americans have forgotten how French men fought in our revolution. 
That we stood side by side in the same trenches during WWI. 
That the US led the greatest beach landing in all history in Normandy to liberate our French allies. 
That France entered Afghanistan immediately after 9/11 and hunted down the terrorists who attacked NYC for over a decade.
Or that Americans risked their lives to stop an attack on french train not too long ago.

France was our first friend in the world. 

Lafayette, nous voilà!
[People still inside the Bataclan calling for help: "Please come help us ! They are shooting people one by one ! First floor, quick !"](http://twitter.com/Anaiso8/status/665295809790001152/photo/1)

Oh god the terror....
&gt; A group of ten foreign students arrived at Carillon for a drink to 19 hours then saw "one or two cars", as one of them. According to this woman in the restaurant on the other side of the street, someone shouted "Allah akbar" before firing shots. According to the first student asked, everyone was thrown to the ground and hid under tables when the shots rang out.

Translated from here: http://www.liberation.fr/direct/
Jesus, some CNN producer, **while reporting on police movements at Bataclan**, just admitted he evaded police evacuation efforts and is hiding in the bushes only 40 yards away. Totally unacceptable.
Another sickening day. Seriously sick of waking up to this fucked up world everyday. Sending our thoughts and condolences from Turkey. 
France has certainly had a rough year, my heart goes out to the victims and their families.
[removed]
60 dead now--fucking asshole sadistic bastards
This won't help the refugee crisis at all.
ISIS must stand for *I'm so incredibly stupid*. Have any of those bastards picked up a history book? Europe has perservered through wars immensely more horrible than they have ever dreamed of. Maybe they should look up the Blitz, for example. Deeds like this won't scary anyone off, it'll only strengthen resolve. When you take a war to someone's doorstep, when people actually feel threatened, the support for a full scale war effort will increase, not decrease. It's really time to wipe them out.
State of Emergency in France now. Borders are closed. Hope they catch all involved.
For god sake... This shit never ends. People have been telling me that grenades were thrown around Stade de France, where the French national team is now playing a home game. Unreal.

R.I.P. to all who lost their lives. 

EDIT: My friend told me he found out about the grenade part on Twitter, so it's probably false. Sorry about that. 
VICTIMS NUMBERS: https://twitter.com/LesNews/status/665276415235985408

In English: FRANCE : 3rd shootout underway rue Charonne . 12 victims on the ground.
I think this has been posted already, but just to make sure:
Irish Embassy +33144176700 British Embassy +33144513100 US Embassy +33143122222 Canadian Embassy +33144432900

PLEASE SPREAD THESE AROUND IT MAY HELP SOME PEOPLE OUT
[removed]
France closing the borders. Honestly, I think the entire open borders things in the EU isn't going to work anymore.
Someone called it last year,  on jeuxvideo.com :
[screenshot](http://i.imgur.com/NQUZSiQ.jpg)

Translation : 

Subject : [Terrorist Attack] 13th of November

&gt; There will be many terrorist attacks following this day. 
&gt; 
&gt; WARNING in every public transports like planes, train and subway.
&gt; 
&gt; And every public places.
&gt; 
&gt; I got my own sources.
&gt; 
&gt; Enjoy

[Link to google cache](http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:http://www.jeuxvideo.com/forums/1-50-171272235-1-0-1-0-attentats-le-13-novembre.htm&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;oe=utf-8&amp;gws_rd=cr&amp;ei=5HNGVvryOoTyaOKZo7AP)
[deleted]
I'm just going to say this: Do not let fear take hold. Do not let them use this to strip more liberties away and create more war. That is exactly what the powers that be WANT. 

Pour les personnes de France, nous sommes ensemble. Ce pagan prie que les dieux vous accordent la force, les ancêtres vous accordent confort, et les esprits se calmer votre âme .
isis comes to europe...ill take mexican immigrants any day of the week
Not again...........


Please not again....
I sure wouldn't want to be a muslim in France right now... 
once again, CNN has a ton of info and NOTHING on the Reddit frontpage... good grief
Erdogan is about to make a speech. I wonder what the hypocrite has to say. 

edit: here is what he said. It's very rough and I do apologise. I couldn't type fast enough. 

We have unfortunately learnt of the terror events and the continuing hostage situation in the french capital today. On behalf of my country and my people, our condolences to Sir. Hollande and the people of France and get well wishes to the injured. We must stand against terrorism on an international level. We have always said this and will continue to do so. I say this as the leader of a country which has suffered from terrorism for over 30 years. Terrorism has no race nor nationality. You cannot say some terrorism is good and others are bad. We cannot defeat terrorism  until we accept this fact.  The recent events in Ankara, Suruc, Gaziantep, Diyarbakir and Sirnak, my people know this well. What I know is, the pain we felt then, is the pain we feel now. We know very well the meaning of terrorism and what it leads to. We understand the pain of the french people and we share it with them now. Again, our condolences. 
I want to cry. This is happening in my town. I'm not leaving in Paris anymore, but this is still my city. I'm fed up of those idiots. I'm an ex-military, I understand war. I would understand killing soldiers.

But those guys just kill innocents. They kill everyone, anyone. They disfigure my city. I'm fealing tired, I'm just crying right now because they are creating such hate in me. I am one of the people in France advocating for acceptations of every religion, despite being atheist. I am one of those that want to accept immigrants in, to let them settle here.

But then you get those guys .. I am slowly feeling less and less inclined to any form of sympathy toward muslims and islam. This is not me, but I can't help it.

Where are the muslim countries when it comes to fight ISIS ? Why is it still the western world fighting them ? ISIS would have been over in a month had any of the big muslim countries fought them.

And muslims in France, they keep telling us "it's not us"; but those terrorists are born here. They're the brothers, cousins, fathers of those telling us "it's not us". Yes it's you. It's your fault for not stopping them, too.

I guess my comment is racist, bigoted and vitriolic. I am sorry. I am just depressed. But all they managed to do with each attack is to strenghten our resolve to fight them as a country.
So I know the US is hesitant about what Russia is doing in Syria,  and rightfully so. But after something like this, I'm of a mind to join forces with Russia and unleash all sorts of hell on ISIS. Fuck these assholes,  and their  dark age religious bullshit. 

If they want to play games like this,  I suggest we give it right back to them in due kind.
Let me guess, Quakers?
You can't "coexist" with people who want you dead.  
**Obama:**

**"I don't want to speculate on who is responsible behind this..."**
Whats important to understand is that the reactions of many people in this thread are exactly the reactions these terrorists want people to have. These incidents are further polarizing the Muslim populations in western countries and by doing so will make the isolated people more easily to be indoctrinated. Terrorists want you to be angry and upset with the innocent Muslims, they want violence to occur, they want people to feel isolated and pushed towards them and their goals. Of course its hard not to be upset and sick and tired of this, rightfully so. However every time, someone says to remove muslims etc. you are playing right into what they want you to do.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
The terrorists are winning and if you don't think that they are than you are narrow minded. Forcing hundreds of thousands of residents out of some parts of the Middle East into Europe, Australia, USA etc this is what the terrorists want, they can get their people into countries that would be impossible for the regular terrorist to get into, disguising them as "refugees" and at the same time they are winning their way by "taking over the world". I am in no way saying that the refugees are terrorists but there is no doubt a small amount of refugees being let into each country has terrorist links, and then this is the outcome. It's sad because there are genuine people in those refugee groups and when terrorists do this it gives the genuine refugees a bad name and they cop all the hate from the world. 
[removed]
more cultural enrichment 
the religion of peace strikes again
CLOSE THE FUCKING FLOODGATES ALREADY, anyone with a brain told the EU this shit would happen when they decided to let in hundreds of thousands with zero fucking documentation.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
But King Abdullah of Jordan does seem to be a pretty stand up guy who has amongst other things

Acted in star trek

Commanded the special forces in his country

Attended military school at Sandhurst

Made it a point to have women's rights as one of the legacies of his rule


the king of SA is the one who needs to speak out since it is the home of wahhabism, the particular anti-west sect that these butchers adhere to.
I would think this would be a major goal for them. If a small sect is creating a horrible image of the Muslims, why would they hesitate to try to abate them?
Well good for Jordan!  Now if Saudi Arabia would join in, we might have a party.  An ISIS destroying party that is.
Exactly. This battle can't be seen as Christians fighting Muslims, it only increases ISISs recruitment if the young people think it's an us vs the west mentality. With middle east Muslims leading the charge maybe it can come across to young muslims that ISIS is just the wrong way
Jordan is such a funny case in the Middle East. The monarchy is still a holdover from post-colonial devolution, but the family has been so adept at handling the country and managing foreign relations that they've had peace and stability on a level that is unfortunately almost unique in the region.
The King of Jordan should rule over a much larger kingdom I think. 
This is all I want. Muslim leaders in high office condemning acts of violence and saying, "this isn't our faith; we must end this violence if we are to save it." Now, it just has to be heard.
Meeting him was one of the high points of my life. His family and staff were beyond polite. I have the utmost respect for progressive Islam.
King Abdullah II is also the direct descendant of the Prophet Muhammad according to Islam history.


So not only the Daesh go against Muslim beliefs, but the 43rd generation son of the damn prophet want to lead the fight against them.


The Daesh are not Muslim, they are just using Islam for an excuse for violence.
If notices that their property were in trouble weren't sent out that is a huge thing. The mayor said it was the county that bought the properties, but the residents say the city bought them. It's a weird s.ituation, but the mayor should have taken some time to talk to the people.
As much as you might make fun of this, it seriously sounds like a joke issue (the pizza party) covering up a very serious one. The property owners in some cases have the money to pay the back taxes in full, by the law they should be allowed to keep their homes, but instead the city is booting these people into homelessness, to allow for developers to come through and put up what, another mall, another subdivision of inefficient apartments at over priced rents. 

Follow the money. Who bought the houses, and did they or a shell company contribute to mayoral campaigns, or councilmembers in any fashion in the last few months? 

If so then it is plain out bribery, and should be prosecuted. 


Other articles on this matter contain the whole quote. Apparently some of the new counsel members getting sworn in had children present and they did not allow public comments so they could feed the children. It was also a ceremonial meeting meant solely to swear in the new members and they did not traditionally allow public comment at these ceremonies. I also get the impression that this was not a new issue with the mayor and he had previously spoken with the aggrieved parties. 
It's a sad situation but I'm not sure what anyone can do now other than move on.

I don't really understand all of these comments about corruption, bribery, kickbacks, etc.  I see nothing in the article about any of the foreclosures being shady.  The homeowners were a minimum of 3 years behind on their taxes, entered into payment plans, didn't pay, the homes were foreclosed on, and then they were sold off.  Time frames my vary from city to city but that's just kind of the way it works and the article doesn't mention any shenanigans. 
1. Buy a house
2. Fail to pay taxes for three years
3. Receive notifications of foreclosure 
4. Ignore notifications of foreclosure 
5. Get foreclosure
6. Wait for mayor to have a family and friends party
6. Crash mayor's party demanding ??????
7. Receive redditor's sympathy, villainize mayor
they were behind on payments and taxes.

they entered into payment plans, and were told if they missed any payments they can be evicted.

they missed payments anyway.

How sorry are you supposed to feel for them? Yeah they didn't get to speak at a meating, but speaking wasn't going to help them. they were looking for an opportunity to beg, and because they didn't get the opportunity, they are blaming everyone but themselves for their situation, which is probably how they got there in the first place.

everyone's fault but mine
Context, from what I can gather on the web:

* In 2012, Tuaregs (desert tribes) led an insurgency in Northern Mali. A coup d'état in March 2012 further destabilized the Malian government, leading to the Tuaregs seizing the north of the country. This included areas with non-Tuareg, sub-Saharan populations (e.g. the city of Gao); protests from these populations were put down with blood. Among the Tuareg insurgent coalition, fighting broke out between nationalists and islamists linked to Al-Qaeda.
* During 2012-2013, Islamist Tuareg forces linked to Al-Qaeda earned some military successes. Fighting continued between Tuareg nationalists, Tuareg islamists, and forces of the Malian government. The Tuareg nationalists then allied with the Malian government against the islamists.
* On the demand of the Malian government and under U.N. mandate, neighbouring African countries (especially Chad, Nigeria) and the French intervened in January 2013. Mali is an ex-French colony which voted its own independence in 1956. There are still strong economic and diplomatic ties between France and Mali. Soon after the French/U.N. intervention, the Islamists were forced into full retreat.
* Following this, Tuareg nationalists signed a peace treaty with the Malian government, but went back to fighting after Tuareg protestors were wounded by government forces. The conflict between the Malian government and northern Tuareg tribes continued sporadically until 2015. Although there has been a new cease-fire earlier this year, the north remains troubled, with gangs hampering humanitarian aid and general security.
* Recent terrorist attacks in Mali were perpetrated by Arab nationalist groups and by Islamists (incl. AQIM, possibly Boko Haram). They typically targeted foreign forces (Chadian, Nigerian, French) and Malian forces, and in some occasions civilians.

These gunmen may be linked to ISIS, Al-Qaeda, nationalist tribal insurgencies, or a mixture. I wouldn't call this an ISIS-type terrorist attack immediately, although that is also completely possible.

&amp;nbsp;

**Update:** (since this became top comment)

* AQMI et Al-Mourabitoun jointly claimed responsibility. Both are affiliated with Al-Qaeda; Al-Mourabitoun are pan-Arab nationalists in addition to being Islamists.
* According to the Malian government, no more hostages are being held at the hotel.
* It is unclear how many hostages were killed vs. freed in total.  Out of 144 hostages, at least 80 were freed, and at least 3 were killed. Some sources estimate the number of victims at 27.
* It is unclear how many attackers were involved and whether they were killed; some sources claim there were around 10. At least two were killed. There have been reports that some of the attackers spoke English.
* There have been reports that guests were asked to recite verses from the Qur'an. This has not been confirmed.

&amp;nbsp;

**TL;DR:**

* Mali has had problems with a coalition of Tuaregs with nationalists and/or Islamist motives, linked to Al-Qaeda.
* This new attack matches that pattern, although the Islamist motive seems to be predominant (targeting foreigners, making people recite verses, etc.).
80 hostages released according to state media per CNN
Reddit live link: https://www.reddit.com/live/vy6s4l4iz5mp
"Africa-correspondent Johannes Dieterich tells Swiss newspaper Tages-Anzeiger that the hostage situation could be al-Qaeda's reaction to the ISIS-attacks on Paris."

Hey, can we not have a hostage-taking dick measuring contest please?
Guests at hotel are reported to be from nations all over the world. Chinese, French, Belgian, Indian, Nigerian, Moroccan. /u/antihexe
Can we fucking abandon r/worldnews already and move to this sub? Idiot mods there just deleted a 5000 upvote post about this incident that was at the top of r/all
This was on the front page, and now I have to search "Mali hotel" to find it? What gives Reddit? 

I hope that the police/military in Mali are prepared, and have a plan for saving as many innocent lives as possible. 
Is anybody else tired of this shit? I hate that we live in a world where a headline like this isn't even surprising. It's become the norm. How fucked up is that?  
[deleted]
Islamic terrorism at work again

&gt; " Those able to recite verses from the Koran were freed."
[deleted]
It's pretty disturbing. There's only like 20 comments in this section and they're mostly bullshit jokes. 170 are probably going to die. 
This really sucks to say, but you know this is just going to keep on happening. It will continue, and it will be tragic. We will feel bad. We will hope and pray. Give the victims our thoughts. Protest with solidarity. Yet it will never change because all of those things are absolutely useless. We need to take action, but as to what action we need to take I'm clueless. 

I'm not a warmonger, but you can't exactly make peace with these savages.

Edit for Clarity: I'm not advocating a war. I'd prefer to avoid it.
Let me guess. Islamic extremists? 
Aaaand the [/r/worldnews mods](http://i.imgur.com/QPwvzp8.jpg) deleted the 5000 upvote front page post because the article wasn't in English. 

I am fucking done with Reddit almost as much as I'm done with these fucking savages.

Edit: After an hour of being deleted for "Not English" they greenlit the thread again labeled "French." You know it's bad when a sub named /r/worldnews is xenophobic. What's the point of moderators if they have no discretion?
**TL;DR: The crux of the matter - a religion incapable of reform, as it's not about people, but about the ideology:**

People keep saying that ISIS is not practicing real Islam, yet I'm not sure those people realize what Islam [actually requires from its adherents.](http://www.thereligionofpeace.com/quran/023-violence.htm) 

If ISIS is adhering 100% to their Quranic verses, then does that not mean they are the true version of Islam? The Islam as it was meant to be portrayed, originally as in the 8th century?

It is a matter of fact that Islam required 100% submission to the will of Allah. To provide any less is to not be a real Muslim. 

And when you have a PhD in Islamic Studies, as well as having been a preacher for at least a decade, it's pretty obvious one knows what they are practicing.

You know who has this? Abu Bakr Al-Baghdadi, the Caliph leader of ISIS. 

You know who he was inspired by? [Sayyid Qutb](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Qutbism), the original Scholar advocating to offensive Jihad.

Qutbism principles include:

- Adherence to Sharia as sacred law accessible to humans, without which Islam cannot exist

- Adherence to Sharia as a complete way of life that will bring not only justice, but peace, personal serenity, scientific discovery, complete freedom from servitude, and other benefits

- Avoidance of Western and non-Islamic "evil and corruption," including socialism , nationalism and consumerist capitalism.

- Vigilance against Western and Jewish conspiracies against Islam

- A two-pronged attack of 1) preaching to convert and 2) jihad to forcibly eliminate the "structures" of Jahiliyya

- The importance of offensive Jihad to eliminate Jahiliyya not only from the Islamic homeland but from the face of the earth

- If this sounds familiar, it's because many of the prolific terrorist groups (and some nations) follow this extreme ideology.

Sounds familiar, in terms of terrorist tactics. 

Qutbist followers include Al-Qaeda, Osama Bin Laden, Ayman Al-Zawahiri (OLB's mentor), and Anwar al-Awlaki. Qutb also influenced the Muslim Brotherhood, and the Palestinian Liberation Front (responsible for the Munich Olympics massacre). Hardly one group, and hardly located in one small region. 

Jihad, in the proper sense, is no longer about a personal struggle (for the individual interpretation), but is now about global offensives. It has now returned to its roots - spreading the religion by the sword.  

We also need to understand that religion should not be taken as seriously as Islam is. It is also a political system in addition to a religion, and is simply incompatible with the Western world.

Critical thinking about Allah's commands is not allowed, and the penalty for apostasy is death. It is a political and religious ideology fuelled by oppression, and by oppressing others.

It's main goal is to spread the idea of the Caliphate. They just disagree on how best to do it. But in their silence, there is complicit approval of such terrorist tactics (as seen in Paris multiple times over the last year).

Because of the Quran, extremist muslims want to kill you. Because of the Quran, moderate muslims want extremist muslims to kill you.

Moderates are supposed to show hardline stances, by the very decree of their ideology.

Do you know why ISIS agents attacked Charlie Hebdo? Because their enemy is not the West, it's other (moderate) Muslims. By attacking a newspaper known for insulting their prophet, they knew that moderate Muslims would be implicitly approving it, essentially victim-blaming the cartoonists for their drawings. After all, it is blasphemy in Islam to insult the Prophet, regardless of the tactics used to silence the cartoonists.. Do you know what happened when Charlie Hebdo insulted athletes, politicians, Christians, and Jews?

They all sued, because that is how things are done in a Western society. Those groups all lost, because freedom to publish is an inherent privilege of society, but at least they went through the proper Western channels to change it. ISIS knew that such attacks would garner more support for their cause, as the hate train would overwhelm moderate Muslims to becoming more radicalized (essentially convincing them to act on their beliefs rather than instilling new ones in them). Win-Win, as they'd be more in tune with how Islam was originally planned, *and* how it was meant to be observed.

Christianity changed from the historical evidence of hostile takeovers between kings, from the restructuring of the Church under Henry VIII, from the consistent abridged adaptations of the Bible by Kings, from the widespread gospel of the missionaries advocating for their own brand of religion. At this point, Christian scripture to prove any point ever is considered useless, as it is now fundamentally un-Christian to be a diehard Christian. It is no longer acceptable to follow Christianity as it was originally written, because over a millenia, it has become watered down to the point where it's all about spreading the gospel of Christ through love and understanding.

Islam never underwent that reformation. It never underwent hostile takeovers between Muslim kings, it never underwent re-structuring of the faith, it never underwent multiple changes of the Quran, the gospel nowadays is still the same as it was in the 7th century - the original word of Allah, the original word of Muhammed, 100% submission of wills.

It may be hard to believe, but if you are not a bonafide muslim (even a convert), you will always be the heretic, the infidel, and less than human to them. The majority of the Quranic verses are dedicated to controlling non-Muslims - telling them what to do, how to dress, etc. oddly enough, even if you're a bonafide Muslim, you might not be *the* bonafide Muslim acceptable in the country - there is far more intra-sectarian religious violence committed by different Islamic faiths than against the West. Sunni vs Shia, it's a debate as old as Islam. 

Keep in mind that France is one of 18 countries that experienced Islamic terror in just the past week. I wonder why. 

People quip "World domination, same old dream", except that it has absolutely everything to do with Islam, as per the First Pillar of Islam, the Shadaha (literally the first acceptance of Islam by a follower - "There is no God but God and Muhammad is the Messenger of God"):

Quran (33:60-62) - "If the hypocrites, and those in whose hearts is a disease, and the alarmists in the city do not cease, We verily shall urge thee on against them, then they will be your neighbors in it but a little while. Accursed, they will be seized wherever found and slain with a (fierce) slaughter."

This passage sanctions the slaughter (rendered "merciless" and "horrible murder" in other translations) against three groups: Hypocrites (Muslims who refuse to "fight in the way of Allah" (3:167) and hence don't act as Muslims should), those with "diseased hearts" (which include Jews and Christians 5:51-52), and "alarmists" or "agitators who include those who merely speak out against Islam, according to Muhammad's biographers.

It is worth noting that the victims are to be sought out by Muslims, which is what today's terrorists do. If this passage is meant merely to apply to the city of Medina, then it is unclear why it is included in Allah's eternal word to Muslim generations.

There's a reason Islam means "to submit". Its followers are only after one thing (religiously and politically) - a global Caliphate.

It's almost like people are forgetting the 750 year reign of the Ottoman Empire.

[I believe Islam has an existentialist problem and it needs to be acknowledged.](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/3sv0jp/cmv_i_believe_islam_has_an_existential_problem/)


EDIT: Every inbox reply has whittled down to the other person being offended. So fucking what? 
This is why I believe those who wish to censor free speech and valid criticism of ideas are cowards. They are essentially so weak, so intolerant to any degree of pain or discomfort, that when hearing a alternative opinion, their only recourse is to strip away democratic freedoms for the sake of their own personal weaknesses.
Let me guess, it was a bunch of atheists.
Oh look it was Muslims. Well color me shocked.
Itt: neckbeards complaining about reddit instead of discussing the topic at hand
[removed]
The US Criminal Justice System is big business. 
&gt; GTL CEO Brian Oliver claimed that the FCC has "hurt inmates and their families—the very people they set out to help. While they might see lower per-minute rates, they could be left with either the lowest quality of phone service or no phone service at all."

What a crock of shit. Inmates and their families already deal with "the lowest quality of phone service" via GTL. Their calls fail to connect more than they succeed, and when they *do* succeed, they drop within minutes. International phone calls in the early 2000's were an order of magnitude better than same-city GTL calls are now.
&gt; FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler said he isn't surprised that lawsuits are coming. The FCC is already being sued over net neutrality rules, a preemption of state laws that hinder municipal broadband, a crackdown on robocalling, and data privacy protections for poor people who apply for telecom subsidies.

If everyone's suing the FCC whenever a regulatory change is decided, then it's no surprise there's a lawsuit following this decision:

&gt; The FCC said its vote yesterday "lower[s] the cap to 11 cents per minute for all local and long distance calls from state and federal prisons, while providing tiered rates for jails to account for the higher costs of serving jails and smaller institutions."
The "right" to charge them $14 per minute?  the "RIGHT"?
You guys have to understand, these companies paid good bribe/lobbying money to get these contracts, based on a reasonable expectation of outsize return.  

If we make them not gouge inmates now, it's a bait and switch.  Local governments risk losing credibility that they can be relied upon to screw over people for money.
It makes sense that they would target inmates with insane prices.  Standing up for inmates make you look "weak on crime" so government is less likely to get involved.  The idea that a 5 minute phone call can cost more than a monthly contract with data is ludicrous though.  The phone companies already have the infrastructure in place to continue service if the FCC cap of 11 cents/min is applied, but don't want to as price gouging is more profitable.  Seems similar to a recent story about price gouging on drugs.
How do these people sleep at night? 
This is just so wrong. There is no reason why prisons can't have the same normal 50 bucks or whatever unlimited nationwide calling, and still charge a few dollars flat fee for each outgoing call. Disgusting behaviour, that I would call quasi criminal. 
how isn't that abusive fraud?
The five most expensive places in the world to make a phone call:

1. The US prison system ($14/minute)
2. North Korea ($2.49/minute)
3. Madagascar ($2.38/minute)
4. Comoros ($2.07/minute)
5. Chad ($1.99/minute)

(*Edit: The point is the US, a highly advanced first world nation with world class communications infrastructure, charges a captive audience multiples of what people living in countries with limited and in many cases NO communications infrastructure pays on average. Who gives a shit that the comparison isn't necessarily prisoner-to-prisoner. If you're that nit-picky you have failed to understand - or simply don't care about - the point.*)
Assuming the early assholes will get downvoted.

for anyone new to the thread and wanting more facts

Police claim he pointed the toy gun at them.

A witness says he never did.

Police claimed he heard their commands and they say they found his earbuds in his pocket.

[Here's a picture of him lying dead on the ground with his earbuds in his ears.](http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x2sbv7t)

[Article](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/photo-raises-doubts-about-police-shooting-jermaine-mcbean-n366386)

"Michael Russell McCarthy, 58, told NBC News that McBean had the Winchester Model 1000 Air Rifle balanced on his shoulders behind his neck, with his hand over both ends, and was turning around to face police when one officer began shooting.

"He [McBean] couldn't have fired that gun from the position he was in. There was no possible way of firing it and at the same time hitting something," McCarthy said. "I kind of blame myself, because if I hadn't called it might not have happened."

The witness who took it, a nurse who asked to remain anonymous, says **she pointed out the earbuds to police at the scene, after they rebuffed her offer to provide first aid to the dying man.**

A transcript shows that **Deputy Peter Peraza, who fired the fatal shots, repeatedly told sheriff's investigators that he did not see anything in McBean's ears.**

And the homicide detective who led an internal review told McBean's relatives in an email that **officers on the scene "confirmed" he was not wearing a earpiece** — after the family explained that he always had them on when he was out walking. The detective said the buds were found in his pocket, with his phone, at the hospital."


&gt;Israel said he was not involved in the awards process until the evening of the semi-annual ceremony and he doesn't know who signed off on the awards — **because the paperwork was accidentally destroyed.**

Wow this department is on a roll.  First your pigs are caught lying after murdering someone, and now you "can't figure out who signed off" on the awards because the "paperwork was accidentally destroyed".  

Pigs helping pigs, nothing new to see here citizens, move along.
If the cops didn't try to cover it up and simply told the hard truth from the beginning everyone might be supporting them even if its a difficult thing to admit to. Instead everyone other than shitty cops loses respect for all cops. Smh.
They fear for their lives when there is a dog or bed ridden diabetic involved but "brave" when it comes to an air gun.

Please stop this planet, I want off.
Wouldn't bravery be waiting to make certain that the guy was a legitimate threat?  Putting yourself at risk in order to reduce the chance you kill an innocent?  Shooting at anything that could conceivably put you at risk and ignoring the risk  you pose to others is more aptly described as cowardice. 
Let this be a lesson to all of you when you carry a rifle in a public space.  Keep it hidden under your trenchcoat!

Ok seriously folks, if you are going to buy any gun, anywhere in the US...buy a bag or case to put it in before leaving the store.  If the store does not have a bag, put a deposit on the gun and go to your local gun shop and buy a fricken $20 bag to put it in.  Like it or not, people get spooked when they see someone walking around with a gun.  When people get spooked, they call the cops.  At that point you are rolling the dice and hoping the trigger happy cop isn't the first one on scene.
Well since the paperwork concerning the rewards were destroyed the rewards should be taken back and stricken from the officers' records. They have not earned them rightfully.
Pigs literally get awarded for killing citizens. Can we riot yet? 
We give them paid time off, promotions and awards. If I did not hate cops so much i would become one. Then all you kids,elderly,dogs and other unarmed plebs will bow to my cop dick. I will blast you away and get high fived and party using drugs that are illegal to you not me. Your family will get a pay out and i will be cruzin my pig mobile around town in no time. I will be looking for black guys to stop and frisk..maybe a choke out
What do you call a coward with a badge and a gun?

A coward.
Important part of the article

&gt;"I didn't know what to do, so I called the cops," Khalil said.
&gt;
&gt;The flight was delayed and the two men were ultimately allowed to board after being questioned again by airport security and police. 


&gt;Some passengers were very supportive, Khalil said, but others made the flight home outright uncomfortable.
&gt;
&gt;"We're walking down the aisle and I'd already told him [Ayyad] to smile and act like nothing was wrong. But then people kept asking me, 'What's in that box?!' I was carrying a small white box. And the passengers made me open the box!"
&gt;
&gt;"So I shared my baklava with them."




That's awful. You shouldn't be forced to share your baklava just to make people feel safer. 
I'm just going to skip the middle man and start asking every Muslim if they have any baklava!
What's amazing to me is that airlines indulge this kind of behavior - if they didn't pose a threat before, why would they pose a threat now? Because someone irrelevant said so?


"If that person doesn't feel safe, let them take the bus."

Dude might have only been here for 15 years, but he sounds like he's from Philly to me. Though I'm thinking the media dropped the second sentence in that quote, which was probably "Fuck that guy."

Source: From Philly. 
Bet they can't tell the difference between Hebrew &amp; Arabic
&gt;"We're walking down the aisle and I'd already told him [Ayyad] to smile and act like nothing was wrong. But then people kept asking me, 'What's in that box?!' I was carrying a small white box. And the passengers made me open the box!"

'What's in that box?!'

"Nunya!"


Mob rule and the "court of public opinion" are not standards to aspire to.  That's why we have a Constitution that applies to ALL American citizens and must be non-negotiable.  

If a law-abiding American citizen scares you because they're unlike you that's your problem.  Punishing them for it is wrong.  And, we cannot begin down this road.  The WWII Japanese internment camp grave injustice comes to mind when we have.
&gt; they wanted to know what was in the box so I shared my baklava. 

Kill em with kindness, I fucking love it. 
I was sitting in a plane while it was preparing for take off. In the three seats to my right were three dudes in Islamic garb doing the whole prayer bit, Rocking back and forth. I remember feeling a chill. I also remember I was mumbling "Please God don't let this plane crash and forgive me for all those perverted thoughts I ever had" as I was looking over at them. 

Then it occurred to me, that they were probably saying the same thing just in Arabic.


[removed]
ha, back when I was going through language training to become a military linguist, I had to fly cross country for my friend's wedding the weekend before a big test. "Great!" I thought, this will give me eight hours or so when I have nothing to do but study. 

Man the fucking looks I got flying out of Newark when I pulled out those books. 
My wife and I flew from JFK to Egypt in early 2014 for a two week vacation/tour.   There was a US travel warning in place advising US citizens not to go to Egypt unless it was absolutely necessary.   But everyone on the plane was speaking Arabic - except for my wife and I.  We stood out like sore thumbs.

Heck you could even listen to a Muslim prayer/chanting channel on your headphones.   

We had an awesome time.  And the Egyptians could not possibly have been more warm hearted and welcoming to us - everywhere we went.   

The US media does a disservice in how they portray Muslims.   I didn't encounter a single ounce of hate or spite among the millions of them in Cairo, Alexandria, Aswan etc.    Nothing but smiles and greetings.

If you get scared when a Middle Eastern looking person sits next to you on an airplane because he might crash the plane you should also get scared when a white person sits next to you at the movie theater because he might shoot everyone
If that's all it takes, next time I fly I am pointing out a redhead and saying I'm scared to fly with them because they don't have souls.
Getting someone else removed from a plane - it should have one caveat. 

You also have to get off with them. 

Suddenly false reports will hit zero and for some strange reason I think anyone who thinks the person is a terrorist is not going to keep quiet and try to fly with them. So it's a perfect solution really. 

I bet it goes like this "remove that guy from the plane" "ok - you have to come too" "oh nevermind, I stopped thinking he is a terrorist now I would like to fly on the same plane as him". O_O? 
When did people become so cowardly? All the passengers have gone through the TSA screening, passed the No-Fly List check, had their bags x-rayed, the NSA monitored all their online communications, the FBI and CIA watched for any ties to known terror groups or warning signs, the cockpit door is reinforced and closed with possibly a gun in a lock box in cockpit, there's likely an air marshall on the plane, and the air force is standing by. Why are people *still* afraid of someone different-sounding near them?

Edit: Yes people, I know the TSA sucks at their job. My point still stands; despite all their incompetence we have layers of security and few actual bad guys out there.
Ridiculous behavior should get you banned from flying.  This was obviously an assault by a narcissist, and they should be prevented from crying wolf in the future.  Fuck them.
Home of the brave indeed.
The media has done their job I see.  This country has become full of scared ass people,  disgusting!
Every time we Americans become so paranoid as to accuse each other of being terrorists, the terrorists win.
&gt; "Safety is our primary focus, and our Employees are trained to make decisions to ensure that safety, and to safeguard the security of our Crews and Customers on every flight"

Your employees should also be trained in anti-discriminatory practice
Are we back to this shit again? People who get pulled off for no reason should start suing. Money talks and airlines would stop this stuff if it costs them money.
"I shared my Baklava with them"

What a hero. I want to sit next to this guy EVERY flight. &lt;3
I'm not usually a vindictive person, but I would have handled this situation differently: I wouldn't have shared my baklava with those racist assholes. I would have eaten all of it while they watched, and then I would have told them how good it was. 
The islamophobia in this country is turning into another "red menace" scare.  Did we learn nothing from the cold war?
Fucking Christ...what are we doing?
"This is America and you need to speak American." /s
This kind of shit is pretty shameful. It is 2015, not 1955.
Do you want to marginalize more muslims and make them more susceptible to radicalization? Because this is how you do that. Good job 'Murica. Home of the *Brave.

*Just kidding we're pussies.
Now why do they want to ban videos in slaughter houses? Oh right because we keep catching this shit happening.
Meanwhile, our corrupt government's solution is to [make reporting this illegal](http://www.cleveland.com/metro/index.ssf/2014/11/undercover_video_of_farm_anima.html).  
I've seen similar statements in past investigations where workers at farms knowingly acknowledge that what they are doing is illegal animal abuse and their only concern is that the government or public will find out that they are abusing animals. 

For example:

[Management at this farm asks, "You don't work for PETA do you?" before proceeding to kill birds with a metal spike](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-UWcQLtpAKU).

[This farmer dumps live birds into a pit to slowly die, he acknowledges that "you're supposed to" actually kill the birds before dumping them, but he is too lazy to bother](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BEy6Sr_YxzM).

How much more animal abuse is being successfully covered up by these people? As animal agriculture continues to push states to pass ag-gag laws, shouldn't hiding animal abuse be seen as the industry norm, and not a mere isolated incident?
This would never happen in North Carolina, the nation's second largest pork producer.  The GOP legislature just passed a law making it a crime to photograph and report such abuses.
I know that animals need to be slaughtered to make food but when people think it's ok for them to beat and mistreat these animals, because they're essentially dead animals walking, is extremely bothersome.
[deleted]
Stuff like this is what drives me to think being a vegetarian is a good idea. Just absolutely deplorable what they're doing to these animals.
People like to shit on PETA cause they go to the extreme, but at least they are trying to get the word out about ruthless inhumane corporations like these.
Nothing infuriates me more than the abuse of sentient creatures. Nothing. How would people feel if these were human babies being treated like this? Billions of them every year. You really think there's that big of a difference between what a human baby and a grown pig can feel? I feel so powerless whenever I see these articles. For most people it's easy to not really care because it doesn't really register how heinous and real of an experience this is for these creatures. If people could trade places with these creatures for just 1 minute I guarantee 99% of them would want to put an end to this literal hell that is created for them. It's not just some dark twisted fantasy that will go away the second you move on to the next article. This is their entire lives.
Ok, hold the fuck up.
Can someone please explain to me why vegans/vegetarians are abused on Reddit and pretty much everywhere online? Yet here, in the comments the majority seems to be shocked about what goes on in the slaughterhouses - even stating that they KNOW this has been going on for a while. 
This is a legitimate question. Why the fuck does everyone hate vegetarians and vegans even though the bulk of them are the ones protesting against this shit?
I really enjoy pork products, but I've felt a bit guilty about consuming them for a while, and keep telling myself I need to stop. This did it for me - I'm not eating or buying them anymore. 
Flip it around. Imagine if every pig in this video were a dog. Just imagine the uproar. No living being should be tortured like this. 

In their minds these people are just "doing their job". They've become so desensitized. They don't see these animals as intelligent sentient beings that can feel pain or pleasure. They just see them as objects, just like shucking corn. It's amazingly sad.

The fact that humans are capable of torturing not just other animals but other humans as well shows how fucked up human thought/conciousness is, which is the real culprit.

I love when videos like this get posted and people pretend to care and then in 2 weeks will be making bacon jokes or something. If you really care about these pigs, stop eating them.
Guess what guys? You can blame big business all you want, but when you want chicken nuggets and you want them to be cheap as fucking possible this is what happens. Down vote me all you want but you can't give chickens free range when 300 million folks want cheap fucking nuggets. It's your fault as a whole this happens. Big business just gives what you want. 
This is common in all regulated industries and businesses.

When I ran a deli we had the city health inspectior come out twice a year.  "We gotta clean this shit up and get that compressor fixed, inspector is coming next week and he is checking temperatures."

Only time we did deep cleaning and maintenance to things that are supposed to hold temperature is when Mr. City Health Dept. came by.

I worked service for a few years at a dealer.  "OSHA is coming today, wear your safety glasses and make sure to hook the hoses up to the exhaust when your running the car."

10 bay shop with a single door.  We ran cars without ventilating the exhaust, turned rotors with shards of steel flying around with no safety glasses, used compressed air to blow brake dust off and into the air, etc.  Safety first only when Mr. OSHA was coming.

I've worked in a warehouse retail store.  "Get that pallet shrink wrapped and fix those leaning boxes, safety inspector is coming tomorrow."

Pallets hanging off 18 foot beam racking, plastic wrap and ties hanging off racks, boxes not stacked properly, missing kickboards and safety wires.  Just make sure it's fixed before the district inspector comes.

This happens everywhere.  Not surprising at all that whoever-mart's biggest national pork supplier is doing this.  Those swine are money, a paycheck, that is all.  Get em in and get em out, the next shipment is going to be huge.
If you are concerned about this stuff, it is for you, the consumer, to make sure not to eat this meat. Make sure you know where your meat comes from. Do not eat fast food and cheap meats. You don't have to eat meat every day. Thank you.
ITT: Outraged people who will order fried chicken for dinner tonight, eat eggs and ham for breakfast, and a cheeseburger for lunch. 
I oppose inhumane animal slaughter (oxymorons aside) and make an effort to avoid consumption (although that's nearly impossible as an omnivore). 

What bothers me the most is that pigs, in particular, are highly intelligent. They're smarter than dogs and experience the full range of emotions your dogs experience from sadness, happiness, affection, fear, and curiosity. They have the mental reasoning of a four year old toddler. 
Thank you for posting this. I am going back to being vegetarian. 
I implore anyone who is a meat-eater - as I am - to watch this video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PB_ZMiYy_OQ

Or what you can stomach of it, anyway.

I am not trying to tell you to stop eating meat. Tonight I'm having shepherds pie with ground beef, and tomorrow chicken wings.

But the absolute, 100% truth is that animals are killed for me to do this, and same with you. The least you owe them is an extremely small portion of your time to see what their lives consist of when you choose to consume them. I think that's important for anyone to realize, especially when so much work goes into covering these truths up, partly because it makes people uncomfortable, partly because it'd affect profits.

But you owe it to yourself and to the animals you consume to know more than you do. 
[deleted]
&gt;He added that his co-defendants “are the highest-quality, professional detectives that I have ever worked with, and if I were the victim of a homicide, those are the first two detectives I would want involved in my case.”

Yeah, they're so good that if they can't find the real guy they'll make stuff up to send an innocent guy away.  I bet that really helps the prosecutor's wins.
It's incredibly fortunate that he wasn't executed for these crimes for which he was framed. 

From the article:

&gt;  Gates received nearly $1.4 million from the U.S. government under a federal law that grants $50,000 per year of wrongful imprisonment to innocent individuals who waive claims against federal officials.

&gt; In the only previous trial under that law in the past 30 years, a D.C. Superior Court judge in February awarded $9.2 million, including $350,000 per year of incarceration, to Kirk L. Odom, a District man wrongfully imprisoned for more than 22 years for a 1981 rape and robbery.

That amount seems hardly enough. 
Do you mean to tell me that police falsify evidence? Now that's just crazy, how could such a powerful group of people ever think that they could get away with that?
Why are the taxpayers liable instead of the men who framed him?
Note that the Federal Reserve at this point is knowingly employing a guy who lied and sent an innocent man to prison for 27 years.

Keep it classy, fed.
You took most of his life. He got to be a kid and now he gets to be old. The whole middle is gone, and you stole it from him. How do you pay that back? The prosecutor and cops should get life and be stripped of everything. I would rather see 1000 guilty men walk free than imprison one innocent man. This is horrifying. A living death. I'll bet the prison walls were shaking when the inmates found out. 
Guys, I hate to break it to ya...but your police system is just a *tad* fucked.
The police and prosecutors in this case need to be hauled off to jail for the same amount of time this man was imprisoned.

Too bad they would never live out that sentence 
“The Metropolitan Police Department is an outstanding police department known nationally and worldwide for its professionalism,” Harlow said. He added that his co-defendants “are the highest-quality, professional detectives that I have ever worked with"

Goes to show you that cops everywhere are generally terrible.

They need to toss every case those "officers" were invovled in. None of the "evidence" they gathered is trustworthy. 
Here's the most full length version I've seen yet. Shows damn near everything: https://vid.me/yDwM

And all three put together: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L0nPHOCVDgQ (via /u/BlockBag)

Edit: We've got another one. Here's the perspective of the girl who was arrested: http://youtu.be/7qaBzMz3BoY

I also want to clarify that none of these are my uploads.

Another edit: Thanks to /u/roadto16rolltide, the girl being arrested once outside: http://vid.me/25HG

Update: [Three officers on administrative leave.](https://twitter.com/tvsmichaeloder/status/663813435151540224) [Here is Tuscaloosa PD's statement from their press conference today.](https://youtu.be/igHPR7ao3Mg)
Text explanation from someone who was in the apartment: https://twitter.com/itscoleworld7/status/663555878692327424
I have a better video! My friend was there... hold on

EDIT: https://youtu.be/B3yO3jZcFcw
upstairs across the hall POV

I find it mildly funny that the noise caused by the officers was probably much greater than the noise when the complaint was called in
Did they really need 15 cops for a noise complaint? 
Before everyone had cameras, I would hear allegations of police beatings and misconduct and think 'there's no way - they must not be telling the whole story, they provoked the cop somehow etc' - not any more.
This is what you get when you hire uneducated people to positions of power.  They train and act like the military, know only force and violence, and are made bold by a system that protects them.
You don't see nearly as many issues with police in other western nations because police are partners in the community, not adversaries of it.  Where I live you have to have a Uni/college education to even apply.  They do extensive evaluations and background checks and only hire the top of the pile.  There is a 3-month intensive training program after which all new officers are on probationary status for 5 years.  You fuck up and you're gone.
You can change the culture of the police by changing their hiring practices, raising the bar and aggressively prosecuting ALL officers that take liberties with citizens.
Moved into a new apartment this year in June. The morning of June 3rd or so I was woken up to loud knocking on my door at 7:30 AM. It was the police, and because I was drowsy and getting dressed I was taking a minute to get to the door. They started threatening to break the door down so I went and answered it in my boxer shorts.

I opened my door just enough to see there were like 4-5 cops just standing at the top of the stairs to my apartment.

"Let us in Larry (or maybe it was Harry, I don't remember)."

"Uh, what? That's not me. I just moved in here."

"Bullshit."

Cop in front pushes my door open knocking me back and takes a step into my apartment.

"Hey, what are you doing? What's this about?"

"Let me see some ID."

So I go into my bedroom, grab my wallet, and go back to my living room to see the police just welcoming themselves in and having a look around.

"Here's my ID. I just moved in this month. I don't know who you're looking for, but I'm not them."

"Who's your landlord?"

"He lives downstairs."

The police grill me for another minute about information on my license (asking my birthday, driver's license number, that sort of stuff) and eventually leave me alone.

Regardless, I really felt at the moment like the police could have done whatever the fuck they wanted. They didn't ask permission to enter, search, or do anything. They just forced their way in and started bullying me around. If they had gone into my bedroom and saw my pipe and weed they could have come up with any story they wanted. Also made me realize that "permission to enter" is bullshit. If they found something all they would have had to do is just say "Oh, yeah, he gave us permission. Sure."

I wasn't even the fucking person they were looking for. The last person to live in my apartment had moved out two months prior. Just pure incompetence and bullying.
Do police even watch the news? 
We're all just criminals waiting to do something illegal. Better stop us before we get a chance.
[removed]
Wow what kind of Gestapo shit is this?
just more cops without the ability to control themselves. 
Copy of my comment from another thread

I'm a student at UA and these videos have been circulating all day. The girl in the video screaming got charged with obstruction and harassment. I've seen her mugshot but I'm not posting it for obvious reasons. Here's a couple of the videos. 

https://youtu.be/WbTzepAHPVg

https://youtu.be/sFY0gwYZGZo

I wish I was surprised but cops here act like they can get away with anything. Thank God for social media and cell phone cameras because otherwise all these people wouldn't have had a chance in court because it would be their word versus the cops. 

Edit: By the way this is coming from a campus that had Police raiding dorms with assault rifles at 5 a.m. three years ago in a drug(marijuana) bust operation three years ago.


How many cops does it take to push a man down the stairs?

None, he fell.
All of this happened because the kids refused to let the cop into their apartment.  They repeatedly asked if they were being arrested and if so what for. The cop ignored them and kept trying to enter the apartment saying he was allowed to.  When these kids decided to exercise their rights, the cop got angry and only then said the man in the white shirt was under arrest for hitting a police officer.  The girl in the video also repeatedly asked for the cops name and was ignored.  All of this can be seen on the multiple videos the schools newspaper, The Crimson White, posted on their facebook page
Maybe one day cops will realize that phones can take videos and they'll stop this shit. Jesus fucking Christ. It's the same thing every day. You'd think they'd learn. 
I'm sick of all these witty and sarcastic comments on social media about this type of stuff. When the fuck are we actually going to do something about this??
They're just trying to show that they're not racist and that anyone can get beat by the cops!
I was arrested in Phenix city Alabama for having a screaming match with my wife back and forth. She had been cheating on me for 4 months on and off again. 
The cops came. Asked not a single question and arrested me.
Threw me in lock up for 24 hours.
I'm a disabled combat vet and I have brain damage. I was stripped down to my skin put in a XXXL blue bag (I'm 5"5... 150lbs) 
I had three seizures in lock up. I was in a concrete room that was 55 degreese and no bedding no shoes nothing. Just a bare metal bench to sleep on. No one helped and when I asked for help I was told a nurse would be there in 2 days. And the deputy laughed at me. I was drooling stumbling and blacking out. 
My wife bailed me out, took me to the ER and I had swelling on the brain that could have killed me. 
I have court Tuesday. Where I gaurentee they want me to pay fines and press charges for everything without being charged with anything and no investigation being done by the local police department what so ever. 

I'm moving from Alabama as soon as financially viable. This state is full of religious Mornons and bigots. And where they make up law as they go. 
TIL Alabama is a wasteland and never even drive through this corrupt gold ole boy state. 

American cops are fucking scary...
Do they plan and train on how to be unprofessional? Or do they just naturally tell people to "shut the fuck up" while pointing in their face.

But release the whole video. The part where you or the police start being cock bags.  
[removed]
I'm tired of police, physically and mentally tired.
I don't' even care anyone more if there are "Good Cops" anymore.
Bunch of goons with weapons, none of those cops said hey guys calm the fuck down. They act like muts in packs, once one get riled up they all start acting like fucking morons. Like the one cop said they don't give a fuck if they're being captured on video makes no difference.
Cops see us as "the enemy" and it has to stop.
Tell me, which one of these dozen "good cops" stepped in and stopped this? Was it the one who tazed a guy with his hands up, or the one who beat him with a nightstick while he was down? How about the three officers who dragged a girl kicking and screaming out the front door? Which of these fine boys in ~~blue~~ black (and hi-vis yellow) took the time to explain the situation to them? Nobody. What about this situation (a noise complaint) warranted this level of force? Answer: absolutely none.

You want to tell me about the good cops? Then point them out. Show me the people who didn't stand idly by while the "bad cops" were abusing their power.

This is absolutely unacceptable. There is no words that can describe the rage I'm feeling now. 
yay, more LEOs creating an environment of anti-LEO :)

change comes quickly once the problem is identified. 

p.s. never open your door to the police. nothing good can come from it.
To any "oh it's just a few bad apples on the force" dissenters. Let me guess. The "good" apples must have been the ones waltzing around to observe the situation.
I dont see why all these cops think that they're Judge Judy and executioner.

My question is **why the fuck** are there over 10 cops who come busting into the video frame when they're supposed to be responding to a **noise complaint?** 

The police brutality in America is becoming so normal that I'm never surprised to read the headlines of another State having X amount of cops doing X amount of bad shit and having it recorded - be it video or audio - and then shared with the rest of the world. So much for 'Merica, land of the free, where you can get your ass beat and tased because of something as small as a noise complaint. 
[removed]
You'd think this was the Gestapo capturing Jews in hiding..
[removed]
Good thing this is America, land of liberty! I'm sure those cops were keeping these people's constitutionaly protected rights in mind to guide their actions, not something like petty anger that these people would question their athority. 

I mean these cops surely know that they're there to protect and serve, to hold themselves to a higher standard than average citizens, to protect the rights of people, to keep a cool head in situations that would tax the patience of an average citizen.

I'm sure they know.

**/s**
I'm a student at Alabama. The first night I moved into my apartment, a party was thrown above us that we later found out held 250 people with a DJ and tower speakers. My roommates and I don't mind noise, especially not on move in night, but they started dancing or fighting or something. Our ceiling started to crack and give and we thought it was going to cave in. I called the maintenance man on duty to tell him about the ceiling, and he said he'd go check out the party then our ceiling. At this point, we had smoked a bowl out on the balcony about an hour prior. Thirty minutes after the call, the noise had stopped and the maintenance man knocked on our door. He entered our room and made a comment about the ceiling. 10 seconds later a police officer entered the room after him, uninvited, and immediately asked who'd been smoking pot. The short version of the rest of the story is that the cop arrested all three of us for possession and drug paraphernalia after searching our rooms and taking everything. Alabama's cops are the absolute fucking worst, especially when it comes to marijuana. I hear horror stories weekly about them abusing their power with everything from speeding tickets to underage drinking at this party school to pot. It sucks.
update: COPS responsible for the beating claims no wrong doing, and are given two weeks paid vacation...i mean paid suspension. 
They done fucked with the white Kids of UA. That was a future state senator getting tased, and all hell is about to break loose in Tuscaloosa. Roll Tide. 
Well there goes the months of work I put in forcing myself to trust cops I run into.
Maybe they'll get drafted by The Cowboys..
I think the girl with the lucky strike voice got the answer to her questions. Yikes.  
[removed]
Alabama student here... make sure you look at this from all angles....

So you can see how fucking brutal and wrong this is. I know you should be skeptical when things like this happen but the ONLY thing I can think of that makes what the cops did okay is if this was something more than a noise complaint, but in their official statement Tuscaloosa PD said that's what this was. Maybe something happened before the cameras started rolling? Probably not because it feels like it's escalating before our eyes.

This is wrong &amp; I look forward to keeping a close eye on this as it develops. 
In [regards to child suicide bombers](http://www.jihadwatch.org/2012/01/child-suicide-bombers-they-told-us-the-bombs-would-not-kill-us-only-the-americans-would-die-and-you):

"They told us the bombs would not kill us, only the Americans would die and you can come back to us."
11 years old? Absolutely sickening.
[Boko Haram is ranked deadlier than ISIS](http://mobile.nytimes.com/2015/11/19/world/africa/boko-haram-ranked-ahead-of-isis-for-deadliest-terror-group.html?smid=tw-share&amp;referer=https://t.co/jkDvgtBk2r)

&gt; Boko Haram, the militant group that has tortured Nigeria and its neighbors for years, was responsible for 6,664 deaths last year, more than any other terrorist group in the world, including the Islamic State, which killed 6,073 people in 2014, according to a report released Wednesday tracking terrorist attacks globally.
It is not suicide. It is murder. These monsters are murdering *children* by strapping a bomb to them and forcing them to kill themselves and others.

My daughters are about this age... all they want is to giggle, learn, and play. :(
I'm fully aware that wishing a slow and horrifically painful death on people like these Boko Haram soldiers who strap suicide vests to children is somewhat bringing you down towards their level... but fuck it, I wish them all a slow and horrifically painful death.
I'm very sorry that it took Paris for me to really start pondering this in earnest, but what is it like for people to go about their lives in places where an attack like this is fairly commonplace? 
This needs greater attention. This is disturbing as all hell, but not too surprising, since you can brainwash a child very easily. Then again, this was probably something she was forced into doing, with a threat that was even more hideous if she didn't comply.
Fuck. What is wrong with these ppl? How can you send a child to die then live with yourself? This is both chilling and angering. 
It's sad, but not too surprising. The Eiffel Tower is such a major symbol of France that it's an immediate target for any assholes looking to cause maximum damage. I'm honestly surprised it wasn't targeted last night.

I really hope it doesn't last long though.
They close the tower pretty frequently.  Over the summer they closed it for a few days because of a high influx of pickpocketing.  The tower has a lot of security, and I don't see how anyone could do much damage to it before encountering police.  I do not think it will be closed permanently, but they probably want to avoid the large crowds that form under the tower.
Indefinitely means for an undetermined time and not for forever. Just want to make that clear because I fee a lot of people don't know the difference. 
Hello there, Shocked french foak talking here. I just need to write something and provide you with maybe a bit more information that your medias may not have given you.

 there was three terrorists with bomb vest who detonated their vests in the theatre, the fourth one was neutrzlized by a police assault. In the meantime outside the Stade de France where soccer game between France and Germany was held, three terrorists blew themselves up causing confusion inside the stadium while the game was going. The french president who was attending the game was moved in safety by security services as the news of Paris attacks spread. This happened all during the game, some fans then who saw the president being moved started to understand what was going on and confusion was still there until the game ended. (A majority of the fans just sat on the pitch after the end of the game not knowing what to do). At the same time still, other terrorists proceeded to make drive-by's at a couple of random restaurant killing a total of 18 person there. While you think as a foreigner that the Eiffel tower is a prime target, since last january attacks, security has been heavily reinforced on this type of cultural buildings with the military, due to the "country's security level" being raised(defcon 2 if you will). Note that the places being attacked are carefully chosen, the theatre and restaurants are in a neighboorhood called 'République' which also where the january march for peace was held, the other target, the stadium was chosen because, first the president was attending, and second, that the opponent was germany. And it is precisely that game which was targeted and not another. I think thats all i can say for the moment, we are still here really in shock and are just starting to count our casualties. Thank infinately for all the kind messages you all, all over the world, are sending our way. Sincerely. Doc.
[The Eiffel Tower](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Air_France_Flight_8969) has always been the target in France. This plan was hatched up 1994 and the only problem was that the hijackers didn't know shit about flying planes. Bin Laden took this experience and created what became 9/11. If those assholes knew anything about aviation the Eiffel Tower would have been destroyed long before the twin towers.
&gt;"..the smell of death won’t leave their noses as long as they partake in their crusader campaign," The group said

What does this mean?


Whilst the country is under a state of emergency then they have to close it anyway? correct me if im wrong but they dont have a choice but to close it and since they havnt put a time scale on how long this state of emergency is going to last then "until further notice" could just be until the state of emergency ends? 

Seems a bit misleading to me if thats the case as theyre simply explaining how the state of emergency has effected the one single attraction and ignoring the fact that everywhere else is the exact same.
I say this is a good move for a short time, let the dust settle.  After all the last thing they want is another bomber blowing up a support of the Eiffel Tower and killing hundreds of tourists.
Stay strong France.  Freedom will win. 
&gt;LIKE some people who might rather not admit it, wolves faced with a scarcity of potential sexual partners are not beneath lowering their standards.

Best opening sentence in a mainstream news article I've ever read.
The outcome of this will be interesting, I wonder if these new animals will have lost their fear of people while retaining their predatory instincts? 

I've been followed by a pack of coyotes while hiking with my dog at dusk before.  They come and play bow at my dog to tempt him into chasing them into the brush... where the pack will pounce and kill.  Fortunately he's been on leash during these incidents.  It's rather unsettling seeing their eyes in the brush following us!  
There is a decent nature documentary called "Meet the Coywolf" that may still be on Netflix. It shows some of the distinct morphological differences between wolves, coyotes, and coywolfs. [You can watch it on PBS here.] (http://video.pbs.org/video/2365159966/)
Half dog, half coyote, and half wolf! 
This is awesome. But then I don't live anywhere near this new breed of super, canine predator.
These guys have been reported up here in Northern Nova Scotia for a couple years now, we've even had a couple of attacks on humans, including a particularly infamous one where a woman was killed by one on the Skyline hiking trail in Cape Breton. The main problem that we're experiencing with them is that people (mainly Tourists) are feeding them, which makes them less afraid of humans. Honestly those new breed hasn't really changed day to day life that much, the only real change is that you can't hike by yourself any more (I should specify, this is in Cape Breton Highlands) and letting your pets out after sundown is a no-no. I guess they've started migrating down south, which doesn't surprise me, given the winters we've had in Atlantic Canada the last couple of years. 
They should call it a Coywoof if theres dog in it, too. 
When they start cavorting with grizzlies, then you have a problem.  
  
wolf + coyote + dog + grizzly = dire wolf.
The incredible intelligence of a coyote with the brute strength of wolf &amp; large dog makes for a scary beast.  While I'd LOVE to see something knock down our local deer population, I think little Jimmy at the bus stop would make for an easier and more succulent meal.  This will get interesting!
*LIKE some people who might rather not admit it, wolves faced with a scarcity of potential sexual partners are not beneath lowering their standards.*

[huehuehue](http://reactiongifs.me/wp-content/uploads/2013/08/ducks-laughing.gif)
The nice thing is the scholarship money is like a closed loop.  People buy weed to put money into a scholarship for college students who are going to buy weed and put money back into the scholarship.  It's a self sustaining system!
Well, guess it's time to do my part and put some kids through school. 


&gt;The challenge for the county will be “how well Pueblo can manage educating minors in staying away from recreational marijuana and encourage the growth and development of that industry [at the same time],” said Tyler Henson, the president of the Colorado Cannabis Chamber of Commerce.

&gt;The money not used by the college scholarship program will be dedicated to a long list of community projects that includes enhancing a playground at an elementary school, funding a study about extending an Amtrak route to the county and replacing golf carts at a local golf course

TIL Colorado has made so much money from cannabis that they're using it to buy golf carts.

This will definitely increase the number of people en*roll*ing.
that means a person smoking weed is directly helping a student,that means more the weed a person smokes more money for students
A much better idea than using lotteries, which essentially prey on poor people.
Meanwhile science is still stuck in the paper age with most taxpayer funded research locked behind expensive paywalls...
Well this will be interesting considering how much westlaw, lexis, and I guess bloomberg law bring in in revenue. But the best part about free database would be better legal representation by solo practitioners and small firms that cannot afford westlaw and nexis. Even price of legal representation might drop.
Is this similar to what Aaron Swartz, was working toward?
Fuck man.

If my country (Nepal) got even 1 Billion dollars, we'd have roads, electricity, schools, what not.

And we'd even take some of you guys up to Everest to show our gratitude. On our backs. Free.

^^^Disclaimer-cannotweighmorethan200lbtermsandconditionsapply


At what point does the defense of Israel become the responsibility of Israel?
We could use 3 billion up here in Detroit.... but I guess other countries come first...
Dear Israel,

Due to an error by our bumbling Secretary of State, the United States has approved your request to reduce your aid to $12.

Sincerely,

John Kerry.
According to the UN, Israel's economy ranks 19th out of 187 countries. They are in the category of "technologically advanced markets" - and by all accounts are not suffering from devastating poverty. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_Human_Development_Index

They are also well-armed: http://www.israeli-weapons.com/
http://nationalinterest.org/feature/israels-5-most-deadly-weapons-war-12865

So, as an American I really can't support any more foreign aid to their country. We were their training wheels, we've helped them for decades, and now I think it's time they stood on their own. 
Financial independence is definitely within their grasp - and I have faith that they can do it.

Time to wean them off the American tit, everyone has to grow up eventually.
MOney could be much better spent in America, schools, healthcare, etc
Meanwhile, my area got potholes the size of Chicxulub Crater, bridges that are crumbling, McJobs with no benefits, parks full of trash and broken bottles, boil water advisories every month, random power outages, and boarded up abandoned properties everywhere that no one can afford to demolish.

Not only do I say "no more", I say lets not even give them the 3 Billion any more.

I love this. After calling the President an anti semite and insulting the Secretary of State. It never ceases to amaze me the balls on these guys. After inciting war over and over again with settlements. They don't want defense money. They want offensive money. They want money to hurt others. They have an economy. Let them raise the money themselves. We have to stop allowing Israel to quilt trip us all the time like some old Jewish mother asking why we don't call any more. Let them stand on their own two feet. Their military already out guns their biggest threats 10 to 1.
The US should completely cut this defense aid.
How about the US not give "technologically advanced" allies billions and instead give the American people something thing want, I don't know.....3 billion a year is a lot of money the US Education system could use.
Dear Israel,

We here in the United States can't even afford to take care of our own problems or people.  Be happy with what you already get, which is 3 billion more than I care for.

Sincerely,

An American who is sick of your crap.
Can't we just tell them to suck a dick? Diplomatically of course. 
How about we change it to zero!
[removed]
The fiscally responsible GOP will respond with, "Five billion? Fuck it make it ten!"
[deleted]
Please America, stand up to Israel and the powerful lobbies that support it. It's really important for the middle east that stability is achieved somehow.

Your current "AID" program does nothing to help this. Increasing the amount would only make it worse.
Yo, USA:  How about helping your own fucking citizens for a change?

Fuck Israel. What a poor investment.
Imagine if the American tax payers woke up, stopped dribbling in to their porridge and said 'Hey, fuck off. Give us free health care or free further education with that money instead.' 

It's laughable that they hand their money over to an entity like Israel when they lack the most basic of services and yet the Israeli's offer free Universal health care to everybody. 

The irony would be funny if it wasn't so disgusting and corrupt.
And they'll probably get it, too, because AIPAC money has a lot of Congressmembers confused as to what country they represent.
Dear Israel. Fuck off.
&gt; Since it began in 1962, American military aid to Israel has amounted to nearly [$100 billion](http://www.haaretz.com/news/diplomacy-defense/.premium-1.611001?v=219B6D92D4188A7A59822AA890E8D894). 

On average, we give Israel about $3 billion a year. 

Out of the top six U.S. foreign aid recipients, [five of them were Muslim countries.](http://www.forbes.com/sites/othercomments/2014/10/15/u-s-gives-financial-aid-to-96-of-all-countries/)

For context, less than [1% of our federal budget goes to foreign aid](http://www.npr.org/sections/goatsandsoda/2015/02/10/383875581/guess-how-much-of-uncle-sams-money-goes-to-foreign-aid-guess-again). 
Wait. First they offend the US by claiming Obama hates Jews and calling the Secretary of State a retard AND THEN asks for 5 billion dollars?

Wow. Just Wow.
As an American Jew, I'm convinced that the Israeli government, and Netanyahu in particular, are trying to foster global antisemitism. I have no idea why they would try to do this, but it's certainly working. 
The Israeli lobby in Washington is a fucking cancer.
[removed]
In case Israel hasn't noticed, we're in debt up to our necks.  Not that they care because clearly they don't.  Israel should feel thankful if we don't reduce or cut their aid entirely.
Just wanted to put out my view on this as an Israeli, though
I can understand if you feel this is an internal American discussion in which I have no place. I understand why many people in the US feel like giving aid (well, giving us money so we can buy American made products) to Israel is a waste of resources that could be allocated elsewhere, helping the poor, the sick, the old, etc...
I can't tell you you're wrong, as I truly don't know that to be the case. I can only say how greatful we Israelis are for your continued support. One of the greatest criticisms Netanyahu has received in Israel, even from his own party, is his continued shameful and disrespectful treatment of Obama and the US government in general. I personally am deeply deeply ashamed of how he treats a sitting president, and cannot believe his audacity. I'd also add that in spite of what it currently seems, Israel and its goverment do what we can to help the US in whatever limited fashion we can, whether it be sharing intelligence, developing technologies (for example, helping out with the draught in California since we've faced a similar problem in Israel) and housing weapons and ammo for US use on our soil. It's not exactly a secret Israel and the US relations have seen a downturn since Netanyahu has been in office, but I just wanna say what our Prime Minister does and says does not represent what we as a people believe. We, in spite of the mockery thrown at you by Europe or the Arab world at times, see you for the great nation you are. No other empire\great power has treated us Jews so comparatively well, most of them either tried to eradicate us or subjugate us. We're a tiny country (about the size of Maryland) and we're surrounded by countries who would love nothing else but to see us gone, and even the ones we have peace agreements with barely tolerate us. That's why we will never forget the help you've given our people throughout the years; no matter which president or which Prime Minister is in power at the time, we know the US is our greatest ally and supporter. So to summarize, I'm sorry if you feel Israel takes up far too much time and resources, I really wish we could just be like other countries, be totally peaceful and boring like Switzerland, but I suppose it's not meant to be. Good night to all!  (it's evening here :) )
I am an Israeli Jew who recently left and moved to Germany. I am deeply ashamed of Israel and the behavior of its elected leaders.
&gt;overseen by Ward 2 Marshal Floyd Voinche Sr., **a school bus driver** who was recently re-elected to the position — normally serve subpoenas, warrants and other court documents.

&gt;Lemoine said Voinche **bought a pair of used police cruisers about three months ago and began patrolling the city and issuing citations**. The mayor questioned that decision and said that Voinche never consulted with the City Council or the Marksville Police Department before hiring assistants. 

Wow. These idiots didn't even have a warrant and they were working for a school bus driver who wanted to play police officer.

*Edit for clarification: 
Stafford is a lieutenant with the police department,  Greenhouse is a deputy Alexandria city marshal and a reserve officer in Marksville, but hadn’t worked for his department in several months.

**But they were both moonlighting with the Marksville City Marshal’s Office at the time of the shooting.** The Marhall's Office — similar to a constable and **overseen by Ward 2 Marshal Floyd Voinche Sr., a school bus driver** who was recently re-elected to the position — normally serve subpoenas, warrants and other court documents.

They were not on duty and they didn't even have a warrant. They lied about that.
&gt; Norris Greenhouse Sr., the father of one of the accused officers, has been an assistant district attorney in the parish for 20 years and is currently the head of the office’s major crimes unit.

Well that explains a lot.
&gt; Few has not yet been told his son was killed.

That's the worst part of it.
&gt; Megan Dixon, Few’s fiancée, said this weekend that Few had a previous run-in with Greenhouse. A former high school classmate of Dixon, Greenhouse had started messaging her on Facebook and had come by the house Few and Dixon were sharing at the time.

&gt;“I told Chris and Chris confronted him about it and told him, ‘Next time you come to my house I’m going to hurt you,’ ” Dixon said.

This looks like it was premeditated to me. How could that change the case?
That town sounds all kinds of messed up. Run for your lives.
The look on those cops' faces is disgusting. If you caused the death of a child, one would think you would be hysterical. 
This shit is next level crazy.
Sounds like he was sniffing around the mom, trying to cut in
&gt;Avoyelles Parish Sheriff Doug Anderson, who announced the bail decision after the hearing, said the two officers had been held in seclusion away from other inmates at the Avoyelles Parish Jail.

As much as I hate the special treatment, I want them alive to face the consequences for their actions and campaign of harassment towards this poor family.

They might deserve a shanking, but that's not REAL justice. Not in a civilized society, anyways.
The smallest coffins are the heaviest.
These piece of shit cops deserve the death penalty IMO. Premeditated murder? 

If I'd have done this as a citizen I imagine this would be my fate?correct me if I am wrong.
Note for one of the officers: mean mugging in your mugshot will not sway public opinion in your favor.

Note for other officer: neither will smirking, stupid.

I'm going to go ahead and call this one. They're both going away for a very long time. If they keep these dudes' relatives off of the jury, anyway. Even a judge who's golfing buddies with the ADA won't be able to save these murderers.
I wonder why the body camera didn't malfunction like they are suppose to?
I went to prison when I was 18 for some dumb shit I pulled and spent a few years there. Whenever I see younger kids acting stupid or thuggish I try to explain to them that prison is nothing. Any moron can make it through prison. Your not really punished until you get out and can't get a decent job because of your record or even rent a decent apartment because they won't rent to people with a record. It's a hell of a price to pay
[deleted]
&gt;Banning the box delays when employers learn of an applicant's record.

&gt;"If the disclosure of a criminal record happens later in a job application process," he told them, "you're more likely to be hired." Obama described what many studies show - that when many employers see the box checked for an applicant's criminal record, they weed them out without ever looking at their qualifications.

Once again ODS redditors decry common sense. Nowhere does it say an employer has to hire an ex-con.

And yes, they need jobs too.
I'm a defense attorney who was formerly a prosecutor, and in a lot of instances the word "felony" has an often inaccurate connotation of severity attached to it, especially because the line between misdemeanor and felony is often arbitrary. Walking around with marijuana in your pocket? Misdemeanor. Give a bag of it to someone else? Felony. Steal $1,999.99? Misdemeanor. Steal $2,000.00? Felony. Punch a regular person? Misdemeanor. Punch an EMT? Felony. There's no gray area. It's either-or. The very word "misdemeanor" means "minor wrongdoing," whereas "felony" has, as its roots, a definition of "evil, wickedness, or treachery." But those definitions/labels are seldom accurate where a penny can literally be the difference. There are reprehensible misdemeanors (you could torture a dog to death and it's a misdemeanor in my state), and there are rather benign felonies (a 3rd shoplifting offense or, my personal favorite bullshit crime, "criminal use of a communication facility"). I think, maybe, we're to the point in society where the felony/misdemeanor dichotomy has become an archaic, draconian, and unfair distinction.
My brother has a felony, which has led to him being mostly unemployed for over a decade.  It's been a huge stress on the immediate family, and all for something he did 18 years ago when he was young and dumb.  

And we were an upper-middle class family.  It makes me sad when people lose their sight of compassion.  This is a life we're talking about that has been in limbo for 10 years because he can't get a job to support himself, and can't move on with his life, so I get why thinking about suicide becomes an option for these people.  

I hope this doesn't get fought by the House or Senate, or people who just don't understand how hard it can be. Life is so complex for every single one of us. 
Banning the box is an absolute waste of time.

Every felony in the US is a life sentence. The correct course of action would to expire felony records after the sentence has been completed, a sufficient amount of time has passed, and the person has not had any other relevant legal issues.   Of course it is all based on the nature of the crime so the more violent means a longer expiration date.    After the appropriate time the records should be sealed and made illegal to report on any sort of background check with the possible exception of government security clearances.

I mean come on.  Someone commits a non-violent crime when they are at 18 but get stuck with a felony.  They can never vote, serve jury duty, and will spend the rest of their lives being treated as third-class citizens.   This is one of the reason we have such a high recidivism rate.  

And yes, this should apply to all felons.   Some minor offense may be locked after a year where armed robbery may be after 10 years.  I am totally making numbers up but you get the point.

Most of the time it only covers felonies. Instead Obama should ban credit checks so employers can't use credit history as leverage in salary negotiations. 
Good luck with that ex-cons.

Sincerely,
White male Air Force vet with a bachelors degree, no criminal history and a 700 credit score that can't get a Fed job
This is good. The whole anti ex-con hiring thing is kind of retarded, since all it does is push ex-cons to commit more crimes and end up back in jail at public expense. Obviously the guy convicted of molesting boys shouldn't be working at the daycare. But if the conviction isn't related to the job, then I don't see a problem. I'd rather have an ex-con working at the DMV than robbing me.
Good! Once convicts are out of prison, their debt to society has been paid. Keeping barriers up that hinder their re-entry into society is petty and vengeful.

EDIT: Wow, it has become very clear from my inbox that many redditors think that convicts are permanently beneath them and that they still need to suffer once they've paid their legal penance.
It's about time. 

[In explaining its updated guidance last year, the EEOC cited a 2010 study showing that 92 percent of large employers run background checks.](https://www.thenation.com/article/boxed-how-criminal-record-keeps-you-unemployed-life/) With more than 65 million with criminal records... something has to give. 
- Fears anti-American conspiracy
- In response, attempts and fails to blow up employee entrance to Walmart
- Most significant target in entire campaign is local NBC affiliate

Dream big, Bubba, dream big.
I'll bet that showed'em. There's gonna be Confederate flags all over the store after this, sure enough. 
This is exactly how I felt when my local walmart stopped selling Duke's Mayonnaise.
Bet this guy would call all Muslims terrorists without being able to see any comparison to his own actions.
No paywall
http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation-now/2015/11/02/man-detonates-bomb-miss-walmart/75068846/

&gt; “Journal corporate, you are on final warning,” he wrote Oct. 28. “You are part of the problem. As a result of this, y’all are going down, along with Walmart, WTVA, Reeds department store, and all the rest of the anti-American crooks. I’m not kidding. No messing around anymore!”

Pretty sure the Confederacy was anti-American...
A politically motivated bomb attack is terrorism. End of.
&gt;anti-American crooks

I think I know what this man's problem is: he has no sense of irony.
Fuck you survey wall thingie.
I bet there was tens of dollars in damage
Fun fact of the day: The FBI ranks radical neo-conservatives (like this guy) as being more of a danger to the average american that radical islamists
"Man these assholes won't do what I want, and I know there's a way I can make them see reason but I'm just not sure what I should do. Wait! I'll blow it up."
And why is he not labeled as a terrorist?
He could have done more damage with a roman candle and he wouldn't be facing life in prison.
How come this isn't being called a Terrorist attack? Oh shit, hes white and not Muslim I forgot.
Only a good guy with explosives can stop a bad guy with explosives
he says people who are against confederate flags are "anti-american." i wonder if he'll ever figure out that the entire point of the confederacy was to be "anti-american"
"Christian terrorist detonated bomb at Mississippi Walmart after threatening the store for refusing to sell Confederate flags."

If we were holding media to a single standard. 
The American Taliban is real
I wonder who's going to report this as terrorism...
But it's just a symbol of southern pride/s
White supremacists have killed more Americans than Islamic terrorists - before 9/11, Timothy McVeigh was #1, and after 9/11, white supremacists are back on top.
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/06/25/us/tally-of-attacks-in-us-challenges-perceptions-of-top-terror-threat.html?_r=0
Why can't we just pass a law that all medical facilities must treat veterans and that the government will reimburse the facility upon submission of an invoice and proof?
They need to get their shit together.  My friend fought in Afghanistan last year, got shot by taliban, got awarded the purple heart, came back here to get treated for his injuries and they said they had no proof he got shot.  He had to gather evidence to prove to the doctors that he was shot before they would help him.   
Veteran here. Some VA's are just really really bad. The VA system in New York City was amazing while I went to school. In the 5 years I was there I never had a single problem with the one in Brooklyn or the one in Manhattan on 23rd street. I recently moved to Phoenix Arizona for a job and the VA here is absolutely atrocious. I'm rated at 60% so its fairly easy for me to get into the system wherever I go however after leaving the Phoenix VA the first time I wanted to blow my fucking brains out. luckily my financial situation is such that I don't have to rely on them anymore otherwise i'd be in trouble here.
Support the troops!  Until they come home and need things like jobs, medical care, and reintegration to civilian society.  Then, fuck the troops!  *smdh*  How disgusting.
We sent you to fight and die. Not come back all crippled. 
&gt;investigated by the VA police department

With that VA efficiency we should have an answer around 2065.
I work at a hospital in Australia and just the other day we were going over incident classification. If someone commits suicide within a few weeks of being seen at the hospital that is classified as a catastrophic incident, the highest level, because we should've done more. 
I was raised with horror stories about how badly vets were treated when they returned home. How have we fucked this up so badly AGAIN!?
Solution: Don't join.

It's a scam.

Veterans will never be looked after, spreadsheet says "no". This is simply not how the math of war works.

If ever faced with a young impressionable person who believes they need to join..... Show them how they'll be treated on their return.
Wait, they were advertising twice the protein and then had the serving size also doubled printed right on the side?!?


You were supposed to bring balance to the breakfast, not destroy it
Protein is becoming a buzzword in this more health conscious world. It's not just that thing bodybuilders need anymore, and society is more and more cognizant of having more protein over carbs.

That said, for people who are into resistance training i.e. powerlifting like myself, I often seek out more protein favored alternatives (outside of obvious things like meat). I love cereal, so when I saw Cheerios Protein* or Fiber one Protein*, I get excited, but then I see the fucking fine print *8g with 1/2 cup of skim milk or some variation of that shit. The fuck? If it's 8g with 1/2 cup of skim milk then that's more than half of the protein coming from the milk itself and not the cereal. That's like 3-4g based on a serving of that cereal. There's a lot more nutrition fact shit that angers me (like serving size being misleading), butt fuck.

Anyway, kashi go lean is my go to cereal for now. Macros that actually have a good amount of protein and fiber in the cereal itself, not the milk.
just make it a law to base your nutritional information on 100g of the product in question and then they can put in what they think is a proper serving size.
The standard American breakfast of cereals and breads (pancakes, toast) is very unhealthy and loaded with carbs. The boxed cereals we eat as kids sets us up for a life of confusion when it comes to nutritious eating. It took me years after leaving home to realize just how bad it is.
If you're using fucking Cheerios as a protein source you're probably not trying hard to make intelligent food choices in the first place.
Protein is the new rage because the world is waking up to the idea that carbs in the volume we are eating them, even after big pharma hands out drugs to control blood sugar, are bad.

Next up, adding fiber to skew net sugars.  

After that, too much protein is bad too.

Edit: spelling
&gt;In states with a medical marijuana law, overdose deaths from opioids like morphine, oxycodone and heroin decreased by an average of 20 percent after one year, 25 percent by two years and up to 33 percent by years five and six

&gt;Meanwhile, opioid overdose deaths across the country increased dramatically, from 4,030 in 1999 to 16,651 in 2010

&gt;Three of every four of those deaths involved prescription pain medications

I'm not sure if medical marijuana is just as effective at treating pain but it sure seems to be a lot safer. 

"Researchers aren’t sure why,"...I deliver pizzas for a living and I'm no researcher by any means but I'm pretty sure the legal weeds are the reason why people aren't overdosing on painkillers... #freethetrees
This makes complete sense to me and is actually really interesting.  I live in a state where it is now legal. I used it before legalization but now I find myself using it more for a purpose than just "recreation". For instance, being able to walk into a store to receive education and get exactly what you want helps a ton. I get headaches and migraines a lot and don't like to always take over the counter painkillers all the time. I've noticed with the availability I am now choosing to use marijuana that isn't suppose to *get you high* as it has very low THC (the chemical that gets you high) but has higher levels of the chemical CBD that has more of a pain killing affect. To be completely honest I didn't believe there was a difference until I took the advice and tried it. I found out it's much more enjoyable for me personally. I also learned people use this same type for many things like arthritis etc.  I know my situation doesn't really apply to prescription painkillers but I thought it was fairly relevant and wanted to share my expierence. 

Edit: formatting, on mobile.
Here's a pic of one of the scientists explaining his finding to the DEA chief

https://media.giphy.com/media/2dcW1Dlu2sZnW/giphy.gif
If you ask Hillary, she'll tell you that more research is needed, keep locking up people for minor drug offenses, and do nothing to change the status quo regarding the US's disastrous drug policy.
Yeah but it needs to be illegal because it causes so much harm right?
This article breaks my heart. That poor kid. It is horrible that he witness the death of his father like that.

"Life for me would be 10 times better if mom didn't kill my dad. That took a big amount of happiness out of mine and my sister's live".

Keep her in prison.
Keep this psychopath as far away from these children as possible. Ten years? WTF? And how on earth could she be released sooner than that? Five years is NOT enough time for murder. This was clearly malicious too, given the evidence. Even her children don't want her. That's pretty telling right there. I hope they never have to see her face ever again. Monster.
[deleted]
I can sympathize with the kid.  I nearly had the same thing happen to me about 3 years ago.  Thankfully my father survived the incident.  5 years isn't a very long time for these kinds of incidents, and the fact she feels her debt to society has been paid is abhorrent.  I doubt she fully understands the impact her actions have had on her children. 
To this day I will not forget how lucky I am to not be in prison. I started dating this girl for a few weeks. One weekend I was sick, she came over to "take care of me". Which meant to drink like a maniac apparently. I broke things off that night, but she was so drunk I didn't send her home. The next morning she acted like we were still together, so I calmly explained this wasn't going to work.

She proceeds to walk over to my knife block, pull out a meat cleaver and walk across my kitchen. Now, my apartment is small. I was between her and any exit. I was not taking any chance as she started to come closer. Maybe she was coming at me. Maybe she was going into another room. I don't know.

I teleported to her and grabbed the knife. She did not let go, so I pulled it down to my hip flat along my side to keep anyone from getting hurt. I told her it's ok, just let go and we can talk it out. She tries to rip it out of my hands, but I was specced titan grip and it wasn't budging.

Instead, she yanks her hand down hard along the length of the blade, sliding it wide open. Remember I said she had been drinking. I freaked the fuck out, got a towel to try and stop her bleeding. She slumps on the floor in my hall and starts crying, but not in a panicked way. Just sobbing. I tell her to get up so I can take her to a hospital, which she refuses saying just let me die.

So I call the cops I explain to them while thinking holy fuck i am going to jail right now. They tell me to wait outside. Cop shows up and I tell him what happens, he goes in and tells me to just wait outside. More cops come. Ambulance. Now my landlord and neighbors are watching. Let me also mention she is just in panties so they must have had some sight in there.

I don't know what was said. 15 minutes later they carry her out and she looks like Carrie. She bled a ton from the drinking. Cop comes over to me and says well man you lucked out. She is drunk as fuck and told me she didn't take her medication. Medication? Antidepressants apparently, I had no clue and she always was a sweetheart before this incident.

Anyway he tells me to forget I know her and thank my stars I am not in jail. That she will come back and say she loves me, this will play out again and next time it will be me in cuffs, he's seen it over and over. I thanked him and pondered the events the rest of the day, and night because I couldn't sleep.

Her car was still there and I had her keys. I texted her that I left the keys tied to my door and to just take them and go, then blocked her number. 5am comes around and I am finally calming down after cleaning the pools of blood off my floor and walls. I hear knocking. I ignore it. 30 minutes of knocking. I open the window and tell her to go, she is begging to let her in and that she loves me. I start recording, trying to just get her to leave without having to send her to jail. I finally convince her to go and that we could talk later.

The next day out of curiosity I check my blocked texts and she is threatening to have me put in jail for rape i I don't answer her. I go to the precinct to report her but they say they can't do anything. I never replied to her and lived with worry she would follow through or fuck with my car at night for a couple of months.

Then people at work ask me why I am not dating much lately. Tldr bitches be cray.
Damn, that's fuckin crazy... aol is still around?
&gt;She was sentenced to 10 years in prison.

I'm sure that if a grown *man* had stabbed his wife to death while she was holding their infant daughter, that motherfucker would be buried underneath the jail. 
Ok did I hear right she was convicted on involuntary manslaughter? Wtf she stab him in the heart how is that not murder?
I really sympathize with the boy. His mother destroyed his life. He witnessed an unforgettable scene. I can't fathom what life is like for him or his sister. 

With that said... there's a reason why we don't allow victims to set sentences.

Edit:

[Here's a news article on the case](http://m.daytondailynews.com/news/news/crime-law/woman-on-trial-in-fatal-stabbing-takes-the-stand-1/nM8cM/) and [here](http://m.journal-news.com/news/news/crime-law/crime-scene-described-in-trial-of-woman-accused--1/nNLzm/).
So just to play devils advocate. There may be a side to the story we aren't seeing. And that's the grandmothers influence on the children. She looks like a reasonable person, but children can be influenced. I've experienced it myself dealing with my separated parents and a situation that is similar to this case. 

In all likelihood this case is as it seems, and the poor kid really has that sentiment towards his mother. But I've seen my family tear it self apart and we children were the pawn pieces in the game.   
http://www.daytondailynews.com/news/news/crime-law/franklin-mom-gets-10-years-in-prison-in-fatal-st-1/nM9fZ/

Here's a more in depth view of the case. It was voluntary manslaughter and it sounds like both were incredibly violent ill-tempered people. Based on what the judge and jury saw it sounds like there was enough evidence to prove she was not intending to murder him, just injure him. Isn't this what the prison reformer look for? She might have shown drastic improvements in her mental well-being and control. I'm not a fan of keeping her in as a 100% punitive measure.

If she was shown to have improved during prison then the judge should weigh that more heavily than a letter that could have been heavily influenced by the grandmother.
The article says Tuesday. Like, today, Tuesday?
EDIT: I don't live in Ohio, I was just curious. 
Living on the border of Ohio in WV, this will be interesting.  My thought has been for some time now that WV should legalize marijuana because we lack so few resources beyond coal (which of course is waning) and it would serve both as a taxable source of income and means to push tourism in the state.  Being essentially surrounded by more populated states (like Ohio) and of course D.C. and being a beautiful environment, it seemed to me like it would be a perfect scenario.  I think it might set a good precedent with legalization in Ohio and decriminalization in D.C.  Here's hoping it moves forward.
I've recently moved from Ohio but talking to my sister who still lives there, the polls have been showing a majority in favor of both Issues 2 and 3, which will set up an interesting legal situation. Hopefully the outcome would be striking down only the monopoly language of Issue 3, but you can never tell.
I voted this morning, the results were scanned immediately when I finished at my voting location. We should know real results very quickly I think.
This could be huge for the US. The more swing states that legalize it, the quicker we'll see it legalized at the Federal level. 
I think if it passes, even with the monopoly in effect, it'll be a good base to improve on. Yes, 10 farms will have the oligopoly, but, people will be able to grow privately. Also, if you need more than 8ozs at a time, you're probably a dealer.
Edit: a word
"Issue 3 is the ballot item asking voters to legalize marijuana. But there's another ballot item, called Issue 2, asking voters not to approve Issue 3."

Reminds me of the knife safety picture book on the Simpsons... "Don't do what Donny Don't Does"
The monopoly angle sucks, but I think a lot of the pro-legalization, anti-issue 3 people have gotten off point.


This bill is nowhere near perfect, but the first priority about legalizing weed is not about getting stoned easier or creating a hippie utopia.


15 - 20 thousand people are arrested for marijuana in Ohio every year. Small possession is a misdemeanor here, but it comes with a mandatory 6-month license suspension, regardless if you were near a car or not. (Though this can be fought off in many cases). These arrests are heavily skewed towards black people and/or the lower-class.

There are also undoubtedly thousands of cases in Ohio that could use medical marijuana.


Not allowing people to get medicine and allowing more arrests and lots of money spent on fighting weed is not worth saying a "fuck you" to some rich dicks that got in on this oligopoly. 


A lot of the bad things can be changed in the future, though admittedly it won't be easy with all the money that will be fighting that from the monopoly.


It's nowhere near as good as Colorado's bill, but it's does more good than harm, so I think it's worth voting for.
I can't wait to hear/see all the O"high"o puns

Kill me now
But their legalization plan is such that it's designed for monopolies, not for consumers. Leave it to Ohio... 
I've been back and forth too many times to count. Up until this morning I was unsure how I'd vote.

Here some thoughts.

I have arrived to the conclusion that I am voting YES on Issue 3 today. I think it’s a decent compromise that after 4 yrs the growing licenses can be expanded beyond the original 10. Also that some of those 10 will be subleasing parcels of their land to other growers. I found there will not be another issue on the ballot next year. The other group announced they do not have the funds. It is extremely expensive to get an issue on the ballot and passed.

10 separately owned companies are much less of a "monopoly" than say the 3 phone companies, the 2 political parties, the 2 casino companies, the single railroad in the continental US, etc etc.

I don't mind those 10 people fronting the cost, taking the financial risk, establishing the industry for future growth when more can be let in in 4 yrs. I don't mind them making their money. These 10 are not the Koch Brothers. Nick Lachey is a good man. This is it. It's all we get. It's more about saving people from being criminals until it goes legal federally. We have it pretty great in Hamilton County where a pot ticket is only a payout like a parking ticket. This does not hold true for the entire State of Ohio. Up North, you loose your driver's license automatically, even if you are not in a vehicle. You can be in your home, in your yard, camping, whatever. You loose your DL and pay hefty fines and face possible jail time. Insanity.

We can easily agree there would be better solutions than Issue 3. But in the big scheme of things I find the people's unwillingness to compromise or accept "good enough" to demand perfection is distressing and unrealistic, so late in the game.

Issue 3: Still more choices than you have with your utilities, casinos, cable, ISP, exc..... And the "10 investors" is actually 50. It's 10 different businesses, but with 50 individuals investing.

We have so many actual monopolies that this is just a silly position. You'll have more weed choice in Ohio than cell phone providers - I don't hear anyone complaining about the fact that their phones cost 3X more today than a decade ago as an outcome of this policy, damaging to everyone.
And unlike phones, you can grow weed for free if you dislike all 10 providers. There's lots of good here, and very little harm. But no shortage of short-sighted whining, holding weed legalization to a standard that no other legislation has seen....

I can't think of many things or people I've voted for that didn't make me throw up a little in my mouth. Better is just better, even if only a little. In this case I see more upsides than downs. No matter how you turn it, people not being arrested for possession is a good.

I see little hope of another initiative coming down the pike should this one fail. Who would fund it, given the attitudes of its natural beneficiaries? Certainly not the Columbus lawyer guy whose been failing for 30+ years now... that's not hope, just dope."
Dear Ohio,  
  
We're watching you carefully. We know you don't like the monopoly aspect of legalizing it. But if you vote NO, it'll never happen over here. We already have a state monopoly on liquor. We just want to smoke.  
  
Love,  
Pennsylvania
Just voted yes. If for no other reason than compassion on medical marijuana.
I'm from Ohio.


The thing I don't get is how anyone is talking about the "monopolies". 


We passed the whole "Casino" law a couple years ago.... which allowed monopolies.


We have liquor license and all that jazz.



[**Ohio Marijuana Monopolies/Oligopoly are BAD!**]   (https://wollerausch.files.wordpress.com/2012/11/who-owns-what-infographic-food-companies.jpg)
It's a foot in the door.  Once we get big business on the side of pot maybe the rest of us can start getting some.  
From reading this thread I am confident that no one here knows what a monopoly is.
And that will be a reason to visit Ohio.
Legal or not, I'll be smokin the reefer. Fuck the man, man. 
I voted no on 2 and yes on 3 at roughly 6:30:30 am. I could have been the first vote!!! I'm famous!!
No you are mistaken, the people want the DEA shut down, disbanded, the facilities liquidated, and the 2bn a year budget re-purposed to literally anything else. 
This guy is a cop.

This guy is not a doctor

This guy has no idea what he's talking about.
&gt;“But if you talk about smoking the leaf of marijuana — which is what people are talking about 

No. No. No. Nobody smokes the leaves you flailing twit. It's the buds that heal. You know not of what you condemn.
My mom is dying from cancer. Marijuana is one of the most effective drugs she is taking.  It truly is helping her and no one is ever going to be able to convince me it's a joke.  Let's see this guys mom die slowly suffering and see what it does to his opinion.  
“What really bothers me is the notion that marijuana is also medicinal because it’s not,” Rosenberg said,

Just stop
It must be hard to be in this guy's position, honestly.  The world is changing before his eyes, and he's powerless to stop it.  The vast majority of his budget items rely on marijuana to be illegal.  His job is diminishing, and he can't help it.
Just the chief?  I think most of us want the entire DEA to resign.
&gt;“We can have an intellectually honest debate about whether we should legalize something that is bad and dangerous, but don’t call it medicine — that is a joke.”

If he wants to have an intellectually honest debate, the last thing he should do is dismiss the scientific evidence.  He should also keep in mind that alcohol and tobacco are more dangerous and they're legal.
I read the article and his statement was not that medical marijuana was a joke. Here's a quote from the article: 

&gt; "There are pieces of marijuana -- extracts or constituents or component parts -- that have great promise" medicinally, he said. "But if you talk about smoking the leaf of marijuana -- which is what people are talking about when they talk about medicinal marijuana -- it has never been shown to be safe or effective as a medicine."
Medical marijuana isn't a joke but the way in which it is implemented absolutely is. He should run with that line instead. I have had medical marijuana recommended by a weed doctor four times (you renew with the state and doctor yearly) and have never had so much as a read on my blood pressure. The doctors spend 2 minutes with you just typing your name up in a computer. You can even avoid that by Skype/telemedicine. It's in, cash, rec, out.  So yeah certain aspects of the system are hilarious and valid to criticize, but the medicinal value, especially with cannabidiol, is proven science. It's not up for discussion. It's like denying the holocaust.
[petition to fire DEA head Chuck Rosenberg for calling medical marijuana a "joke"](https://www.change.org/p/obama-fire-dea-head-for-calling-medical-marijuana-a-joke)
No he is an idiot. “But if you talk about smoking the leaf of marijuana — which is what people are talking about when they talk about medicinal marijuana — it has never been shown to be safe or effective as a medicine.” --- No one smokes the leaves.. Yep and in all of those case studies where people have smoked pot for years and have clean lungs and how it helps cigarette smokers clear their lungs - just ignore.. Hey lets keep distracting people from medicine that we can't patent and make billions from so our drug companies can continue to push heroin. He is a joke/idiot or making money from the drug cartel/military industrial complex. The DEA is joke as well as the FDA and the majority of the bought off or underfunded gov organizations designed originally to protect us. 
If they keep making them dance to "Cotton-eye Jo" every hour, their hourly is going to be massive.
People I know that wait tables want to keep the tipping system.  People I know that work hourly or salary jobs don't want the tipping system.  
I don't know where I stand on this.

On the one hand I think it's silly there's such thing as a "waiting minimum wage" but on the other hand I recognize waiters can't legally walk away with less than regular minimum wage altogether and most walk away with considerably more.

$14.00/hr would be a pretty drastic pay cut for most NYC based waiters and bartenders and $14.00/hr is probably a lot more then many places would pay if tipping was eliminated altogether.
Sounds great!

If they could do the same at restaurants I actually eat at. 
I work here and happen to be at one of the first resturants they did this at. It's horrible and we cannot keep staff to save our lives. We are also now fighting just to hire and all that is interested in working here is people with no serving experience and none of them have stayed past training. My GM and other managers seem to think this will not stick with how upset not only employees are but our customer basis as well. We are taking the control out of the customers hands to show if they are happy/ unhappy with their experience while I am only making 60% of what I was making before this switch. 
Christ reading the comments in this thread is a mess. 
ITT: Angry waiters insulting people who do not believe in mandatory tipping.
Surprised nobody's linked this yet:

[Why Tipping Should Be Banned - Adam Ruins Everything](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q_vivC7c_1k)

Excerpt from that:

&gt;Why is it *our* responsibility to pay the restaurant’s employees humanely?  Why don’t they just pay you a normal amount of money and make the food more expensive? I mean, that’s what every business has done since the dawn of time. When you buy a pair of jeans, they’re just 50 bucks. They’re not like, "That'll be $40 and *you* decide if the stock boy eats tonight!"
ITT: servers who make more per hour than engineers and feel as though they earned every penny.

Edit: read below of you want to see a bunch of servers who are just flabbergasted that anyone thinks they don't really deserve $30/hr to walk food to a table.

Edit 2: it's being brought to my attention that my concept of an engineers salary is low, I am not an engineer so my estimate was based on my engineer friends salary ($80K) and divided by his self reported hours per week worked (~60) so $80000/52 weeks/60 hours = $25.64/hr. 
ITT: Salty waiters bummed about not getting an inflated wage anymore
But it's still the lowest hanging fruit so we still plan on ruining your life over it.
Police would much rather deal with someone under the influence of  marijuana than alcohol, crack, PCP, or meth.
You don't say. ~ Everyone in America
Interesting all the conflicting drug articles on reddit today. The truth is the war on drugs has been a colossal failure. It's pitted multiple tiers of bloated self-righteous government agencies against the american people. It's eroded constitutional rights and led to all sorts of government abuses and corruption, including home raids, private prisons and civil forfeiture. It's a joke that people are still put in jail for marijuana. 


Then stop harassing people already.
Weird it's at the bottom but still at the top in raids around the country. 2014 statistics anyway.
[removed]
Why isn't alcohol included in their survey?
Police Officer here.  This is pretty spot on, it is literally the least of our worries when it comes to policing.  It's a misdemeanor charge to possess Marijuana anyways, so oftentimes the only way somebody is getting charged with it is if they're being a total asshat.  

Truth be told Methamphetamine is usually the primary concern of drug interdiction.  Nowadays, 9 out of 10 thefts and burglaries that we respond to; Meth was involved in some way.  They were either tweakin, about to tweak, or trying to rip out some copper wire so they could get some tweak.  It's ridiculous.  I would say that a clean majority of the CRIMINAL incidents that we deal with were in some way linked to methamphetamine use.

So yeah, don't think that we're out to send you to jail over that roach in your ashtray.  If you're dealing with a good proactive officer that is actually concerned with criminal activity, he won't waste his time on your marijuana.  

Obligatory statement: If you have in some way had your life ruined by some asshole cop who stuck his boot up your ass over a small amount of Marijuana, I'm sorry.  That guy is a dick, I agree.  Trust me, even though I'm a cop, I've been fucked over several times in the past by hotshot officers with nothing better to do.  I got into law enforcement to change that stigma.
no fucking shit. and notice how psychedelics arent even on there

Am police officer. Can confirm. To me, if alcohol is legal weed should be. Alcohol can wreak havoc on people who drink a lot...from inability to keep a job, to car crashes, to domestic abuse...if that's legal...I don't see why weed isn't...

But I am also a liberal as fuck cop...so maybe it's just me
"Police announce"

Wow, here I was under the impression that "the Police" was an ambiguously linked group operating independently from each other. And I come to find out that it's just one organization, "the Police". Huh. Weird. 
The nation only *has* drug worries because they insist on worrying about drugs.  If they would let adults make their own life choices, most of the 'drug problems' (mostly caused by prohibition) would go away.
I drove for DHL before they pretty much went under in the US...  When I started, they explained to me that I can work as many hours as I wanted, because they were not legally obligated to pay me overtime.  I just kind of laughed about it because I knew that he was dead wrong.

About a year later, someone stood up to them with a lawsuit.  The same guy who told me a year earlier that he didn't need to pay me overtime was handing me a check with all of my unpaid overtime.
Wage theft is a huge issues for vulnerable workers (low wage, part time employees). 

[An interesting perspective:](http://www.epi.org/publication/epidemic-wage-theft-costing-workers-hundreds/)

&gt; The total annual wage theft from front-line workers in low-wage industries in the three cities approached $3 billion. If these findings in New York, Chicago, and Los Angeles are generalizable to the rest of the U.S. low-wage workforce of 30 million, wage theft is costing workers more than $50 billion a year.

For comparison:

Identity theft is stole about [$16 billion in 2014.](https://www.javelinstrategy.com/news/1556/92/16-Billion-Stolen-from-12-7-Million-Identity-Fraud-Victims-in-2014-According-to-Javelin-Strategy-Research/)

Vehicular theft totaled [$4.5 billion](http://www.iii.org/issue-update/auto-theft)

Both of these types of theft carry criminal penalties including jail/prison sentences. 
Bo's in the house!  \\(⊙ω⊙)/
60 days in jail. 

Remember kids, if you're gonna steal $230,000, make sure your collar is white, not blue. 
Stiffing minimum wagers FFS how low can you get?
&gt; failing to pay workers in compliance with the New York Labor Law, which is a misdemeanor, and to filing false business records, a felony.

Does that seem backwards to anyone else?
Papa John's,  the company  that can [give away 2 million free pizzas](http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20120906005331/en/Papa-John%E2%80%99s-Kicks-NFL-Season-2-Million) and still whine about providing healthcare coverage for their employees.
Probably just trying to follow CEO John Schnatter's example of finding creative ways to cut costs so that he can afford a simple house for himself.
  
http://blog.estately.com/2012/11/papas-in-the-house-the-massive-mansion-that-papa-johns-pizza-built/

How come they didn't arrest him for the crime of serving Papa John's in New York?
See, with less government regulation, he could have kept doing this...  Government regulation kills the small businessman!

---

Edit since at least one person missed it: Sarcasm!
there were 2 cops on the scene... and neither one had their camera running...

fire them both.  see who unplugs their camera next.

Im guessing this was an easy case though.  The state of journalism these days is a tragedy, the article cant bother to mention the details about the shooting.
If there are no consequences for deactivating your body cam, then why bother even having them?
"Accidentally." If he was ordered to have the camera running due to complaints, this is a lame excuse. If those complaints are valid, he's probably one of those dickhead cops everyone hates.
Design fail.  Camera can purposely be disabled by merely removing the cord, which takes a second, or can come loose when wrestling a suspect to the ground.  What a joke. 
So cop who is forced to wear cam after numerous complaints, doesn't use cam as directed when dealing with public, murders an unarmed girl while disobeying said cam order. Sounds like diliberate premeditated murder.
"The city's personnel board, while reinstating Dear, agreed that his punishment should be a 90-day suspension. The city is appealing the decision to the local courts and does not take force until court action is concluded."


Oh no, a 90-day suspension, please don't!


A kid died, for fuck sake.
Amazing how their guns never have trouble working.
If you can't keep something as simple as a body cam maintained and functional, you shouldn't be allowed to carry a gun.  If you can't remember to keep it turned on, then you can't be trusted to remember proper police procedures, or recall events reliably when testifying. 
The pyramids are almost solid stone.... For every cubic meter of free space, there are 7400 cubic meters of stone...Source: The Smithsonian
I just figured Carson played Civilization on the computer. The Pyramid ancient wonder allows your civ to store grain.
Obviously the Egyptians would say that, they are still hoarding that sweet grain, for the coming famine... 
I can definitely see where he got confused, because The Pyramids give you a granary in every city in Civ 2 and 3.
&gt; Carson has expounded his “personal theory” that Joseph built the pyramids to store grain. He referred to the Old Testament story of Joseph predicting famine and advising the pharaoh to store surplus food.

&gt; “Some people believe in the Bible like I do and don’t find that to be silly at all, and believe that God created the Earth and don’t find that to be silly at all,” Carson said. “The secular progressives try to ridicule it every time it comes up and they’re welcome to do that.”

People aren't ridiculing it because it 'involves the bible' but because it's fucking stupid.
Even if you're a creationist, and not necessarily a young Earth one, and/or you believe the bible to true, Ben Carson would still be atleast 1000 years off to when Joseph was vizier of Egypt to when the pyramids were built.
[[deleted] (http://i.imgur.com/m6onlKN.gifv)]
It's worrying that a potential President of the United States values his personal opinion over a vast amount of contradictory evidence.
Ben Carson is shattering stereotypes about brain surgeons being smart. 
So this dude thinks it took only seven years to build the pyramids. I wonder if he also believes the Hebrew slaves built them. It would be interesting to see how how he explains exactly how slaves that hadn't been born yet did that. 
Remember the guy that thought Guam would tip over because of military vehicles stationed there?  We have a country run by morons.
Be careful mocking this guy, he might come at you with a knife in one hand and a hammer in the other
Ben Carson is just another person who makes Christians look idiotic. Which irritates me, considering im Christian, who acknowledges that Evolution occured (and still is). Science and religion shouldnt have to be at war dammit. Science is something (i believe) G-d is happy about, that we're slowly on the track to figuring out the awesomeness that is the universe and life. The Bible is like that old Buddhist saying, its the person pointing to the moon. Too many people worship the person, but not the moon. The Bible is riddled with innacuracy, myths, and opinion, im Christian and i know this.
&gt; Carson stood by his belief that Egypt’s great pyramids were built by the Biblical figure Joseph to store grain


Proving yet again that even a smart person is a moron when they take the bible as anything more that a collection of ancient fariy tales and parables. This guy was a neurosurgeon for fuck's sake, he  should not be that stupid. 
The driver [flips his camera around to video his passenger at 2:00](https://youtu.be/xtJVbsHIj9o) because he (rightfully) suspected the guy was going to be trouble.
I like how all the original posts of this I saw were bitching about college kids. This man child is 32 years old 
The search result page for this asshole's name from now on will be a link to the assault video. That's the silver lining here.


Well. The Marketing guy in question looks exactly like I pictured him when I saw the headline: Full-on, straight-up douche-nozzle.
I feel like if Taco Bell is telling you to see a shrink, you probably should.
[The video](https://youtu.be/xtJVbsHIj9o?t=2m34s) or [this gif](http://i.imgur.com/PnWpXce.gifv) show the incident 
If you're 32 years old and act like this, you deserve to be fired from your job. You represent a multi national company, you're obviously educated. Fucking act like it. 
...went the least surprising Reddit title of all time.

Seriously though, firing is the last thing this guy has to worry about.  There's a good chance his life will be outright *ruined* from this, good chance he's looking at jail time and a complete inability to find employment in the same universe as his last job.
Uber driver is obviously a Taco Johns fan.
Yea! You got maced, mother fucker! Call the police! 

Uber driver is awesome. Cool hair too. 
(Conversation with CEO of Taco Bell)


Sir there's a situation in the media regarding an employee.

Ohh? Fire them.

Right away sir
[deleted]
Screw that Taco Bell douche. Get out the fucking Uber and order another one. I'm glad he got maced to the point of puking. I know Taco Bell fired his ass just to cover their own. Regardless I'm happy they did it. 
I sure hope the passenger doesn't get charged for the ride, horrible customer service to use pepper spray. 
Edit: it's a joke relax. 
[removed]
The irony. An asshole attacking someone works for a company whos food attacks assholes.
Every place that I looked into when I was renting had a no smoking clause in the rental agreement. We smoked outside. No landlord in their right mind is going to allow smoking in a rental property. The amount of damage that smoking inside causes is going to be WAY more than your average security deposit to fix.
This is for public housing, not privately owned homes. Though if you're renting a house and it doesn't say "no smoking" in the lease agreement have at it. 
If you owned a rental property would you allow smoking in that rental property? If so, would you make any adjustments to limit your loss of value based on tenants that smoked vs. non-smokers? 
How do you enforce something like this? Do you actually throw poor people out of public housing or do you try to fine them even though they have no money?
This ban will work just as well as the ban on drugs in public housing.

1. Won't work at all.

2. Warrantless searches by SWAT because someone "smelled cigarette smoke."
If I understand this correctly, then they don't want you to smoke in the housing they're paying for. I don't see an issue with this -- smoking is disgusting and damages the property.

I live in a smoke-free apartment building (Not public housing) - They are always sending emails out saying "we found butts in the stairwell, please go on the street, roof, etc.. to smoke") 

You really notice the smell when its only 1-2 people and it really stays in the hallways, buildings, in the air system. If you don't smoke.. you notice it a long bit away. 

For those saying "pay for the damage to the unit" but when you can smell it.. sure pay for it in theirs.. but who pays for it in mine?
While I get that its hard to enforce, I don't understand why people are so opposed to this.  I'm not a smoker, but technically I'm not supposed to smoke in my apartment either.  I'm paying a nice amount in rent too, and thats a rule.  Sure, it would be hard for the landlord to really enforce it, but I don't see the problem with having that rule there.  If the government, who is essentially their landlord, wants to put that in, let them.  Again, enforcement is an issue, but that doesn't mean you shouldn't have the rule.
The war on smoking vs the war on the poor. Who is offended enough to win? Reddit decides today!
“What I do in my apartment should be my problem long as I pay my rent.” Says somebody who needs public assistance to pay the rent. 
As a former cable guy who used to do tons of service calls in public housing----YES. A million times, yes.

Many of these people have multiple kids crammed in a shoebox-sized dwelling, and the stench of cigarette smoke and the thick yellow paste caked on the walls could make even Charlie Sheen sick.

Smoking is one of, if not the, most disgusting habits a human being can undertake. Anything we can do to curb smoking is going to benefit us as a people for a long, long, *long* time.
"Threatens" under what demands?
Does the list include that dyslexic klan member who hates gingers?
FBI plants in Anonymous threaten FBI plants in the Klan.

Epic.
It's a different Jon smith
Unless what?
Aren't these klan guys proud of their hatred?
First their Ashley Madison account, now the Klan membership? Man, it's gonna be an awkward Christmas for some people this year 

M
why don't these useless cunts just do these things immediately and stop with the threats
Anon: "We're going to expose you guyz so hard."

The Klan: "Well, there's only 48 of us left, and we're mostly just in it for the ridiculous titles. Please make us relevant again."
If Doxxing is unethical in general, Isn't it also unethical in specific instances like this?
"Anonymous extremists threaten to unanonymize other anonymous extremists"
[deleted]
Just go on any Southern news affiliate's Facebook when they talk about gay marriage, most will post under their real names...
Thank god we don't expect to enjoy things like freedom of association.
I dislike the KKK as much as the next guy but I mean, I doubt any current member has ever participated in a lynching and since they all they are doing is non-violently associate over an opinion, they should be free to do so with some privacy. Also dont sit here and tell me what the KKK has done historically, Im not interested in multi-generational punishments. 
We shouldn't condone this just like any other violation of privacy. The KKK has the right to privacy and some hacker(s) deciding to violate these rights is similar to the extrajudicial justice the KKK used on blacks. If the KKK does something illegal we have the law, we don't need hackers on top of that doling out justice. 
This is an infringement of their right to be a part of a racially motivated terrorist organization. Face it: 1984 is imminent.

*First they came for the lynchers, but I did not speak out because I did not lynch people...*
The solution is to mandate this by legislation and watch the corrupt officials that feel this way flee the law enforcement profession in order to make room for honest, law abiding officials that understand that by being given the power to legally carry a deadly weapon and take another human life with it, comes great responsibility and reasonable oversight.
I have four friends who are ex-cops, and I can tell by their reaction to these body cam laws how they probably behaved as cops. Two support it, the other two are horrified and outraged. The two that are outraged are what I would call "morally challenged", judging from their behaviors and comments I have witnessed over the years.

It's well known that criminals behave better if they know they are on camera. Also, criminals often try to push false accusations on to cops, and the video clearly shows it was a false charge. Those are the reasons that the good cops want these cameras, it actually protects them more and they can tell the criminal they are being filmed, and get better behavior from them.

The bad cops fear the cameras for the same reason the criminals do... it shows what is really going on.

This should not be something they can reject or accept.

It must become the law of the land. All LEO interactions with civilians must be A/V recorded.
of course it would hurt employee morale!! they'd have to stop feeling up women, verbally abusing people, stealing drugs, taking bribes....
Wear the cams or be fired.

Hows that choice
Warning - Cameras may cause accountability.
It's sad. I've asked a couple local officers that I've run into and they all said the same things about the body cameras. They have all said they were all for them as it helps protect them from false accusations. The only concerns they had were very reasonable ones like, "id want to turn it off when I go to the bathroom" or "the glasses mounted ones are the best option as it records what I'm looking at. If I get in a situation where I need to un holster my firearm,  my arms and weapon block the view of what is recorded by the chest mounted ones."

EDIT: to clarify, the sad part is the article. From my experience talking with offices that are actually on patrol, they have been all for body camera's. They have just had concerns over placement of the camera, so that they are as effective as possible, and personal privacy concerns like using the restroom. 
No law enforcement officer should be allowed to be on duty without his or her actions and voice being recorded. They should also never have access to the recordings.  To fix the problem of "oops the camera was broken" the camera needs to emit a ear splitting tone anouncing that this officer is off duty.
Border Patrol is one of the worst agencies in America in terms of operating legally and respecting rights, they probably have more to lose than most by coming under supervision.
So, four Gatling cannon with wings and two NASCAR howitzers (shoot fast, turn left)?
What can I say... BRRRRRRRRRRRT
4 A-10s and 2 Spectres?   That had to have been a glorious sight!
another reason to keep the A-10?
Not sure if some of you have seen or been in an AC-130 gunship in action. oh man its probably one of the greatest sights. im sure they all shit their pants.
That's hitting them where it hurts.
&gt; To reduce the risk of harming civilians, two F-15 warplanes dropped leaflets about an hour before the attack warning drivers to abandon their vehicles, and strafing runs were conducted to reinforce the message.

Reading the headline, I was worried for the drivers and for the pilots who would have to live with killing them. I'm glad to see that the trucks were probably unoccupied.
4 A-10s and 2 AC-130s? Holy fucking fuck. I can only imagine AC-130s circling overhead while A-10s made their runs. I'm sure it was beautiful. Not even Bob Ross could teach you how to paint justice any prettier.
"To reduce the risk of harming civilians, two F-15 warplanes dropped leaflets about an hour before the attack warning drivers to abandon their vehicles, and strafing runs were conducted to reinforce the message."

Now I understand even less why this wasn't done before.
Looking at those maps, how can we claim ISIS is being contained - even geographically?
So, this ~~begs~~ raises the question: why weren't we destroying these oil trucks already in order to limit their cash flow?
No worries the toyota rep. is already on his plane to sell them more.
A parent rummaged through the trash and found a cup that she never saw the teacher using, but decided to accuse him anyway... WTF?
&gt;Original Listerine, which has 26.9 percent alcohol, after a spicy lunch.   
&gt;sexual harassment because he had asked a group of moms that day, “Anybody want to go on a blind date?” Sloan said he used the joke to put people at ease about his disability.    
      
   
Something smells here, and it's not the blind gym teacher.
Accused of drinking alcohol because he had a styro foam cup in his trash can with a little bit of brown liquid (listerine) and accused of sexual harassment because he wanted to break the ice about his disability by asking a group of moms 'anybody want to go on a blind date?'. Looks like lawsuit material.
Something is wrong with this story. A mere accusation of drinking is enough for firing this guy?  An off color joke to remind people of his blindness is sexual harassment? There are some real problems here. No proof of anything and they still made him fold. Something is wrong.
Curious that they fire him when he's got 29 years in for something this contrived. I know the teachers at my old school got to retire with their benefits with 30 years in.

He retired, but I wonder if he got full benefits?
I actually had to double-check to make sure this wasn't /r/subredditsimulator, because that headline just *couldn't* be real...
A respected teacher in a bad neighborhood gets fired for being clean. Crab bucket theory in action again. 
My dad is a high school science teacher. After listening to him for the past twenty years I've come to the conclusion that a large number of administrators and bureaucrats insist on doing moronic things like this because they have to prove there is a reason for their continued employment. Sounds to me like this poor guy suffered because someone need to justify their paycheque.
The women's kid is going to get so much shit for this happening.  
29 year career hmm.  What's the full pension retirement threshold in that district, I wonder?  Probably 30.
Is asking someone on a date sexual or harassment?  Perhaps misconduct within the work place, but 'sexual harassment'?  
It just sounds like the school was looking for an excuse to get rid of him. The parent is either a control freak or somebody set some shady shit up.
Wait, you're telling me high school coaches aren't supposed to be drunk while on duty? It's a job requirement in Texas.
It's called living while disabled. People are extra-critical of disabled people, especially around their children. They think it's contagious.  Like, you can be schizophrenic, but only as long as you're a super-brilliant math scientist, but if you're average, 'normal privilege' rears an ugly head and people put the disabled into a lower class.
Didn't he say almost exactly the same thing after the Charlie hebdo shooting?
Good, now don't use this as a means to take away the rights of the citizens of France.
[deleted]
People of France, learn from our mistakes:  Don't support a rush to war.  And be on the look out for sneaky fucking shit, like our so-called "Patriot Act".  Be rational.  Be compassionate, of course, but also be rational.
After 9/11 the US got involved in a war spanning longer than a decade and, as we can see, the situation in the Middle East has not improved. 

We need to rethink our approach to how we deal with terrorist actions in a way that does not create more terrorists. Bombs will only beget more bombs, and hatred will only beget more hatred. A direct retaliation is the easiest response, but that does not make it the best option. 
I want to point out that this is poorly translated. Hollande said "We will lead the **fight**", not "a war". Big difference.

edit: and I now want to point out that Manuel Valls has said ["We are at war"](http://www.liberation.fr/france/2015/11/14/manuel-valls-nous-sommes-en-guerre_1413503). So I guess this is where we are headed.

Also, for those who have said that I am wrong or that I lied; no. Hollande did use the word "fight" instead of "war" in that speech. Words matter, especially in politics. Any way you look at it, that part is poorly translated by the newspaper.
As an American, let me be the first to say we owe France a great debt. France is our first ally. If England was our Mother, France was our Father; France guided us and aided us to Independence. 

We should stand with France, shoulder to shoulder, and wipe this ideology off the face of this planet. 
I have no idea why people are trying to draw on total warfare tactics from WWII and apply them to the middle east right now. The two conflicts are fundamentally different, and using the same strategies from WWII and applying them to the middle east is what most reasonable people would call "insane".

A lot of people in here think they are experts on how a war should be waged in the middle east because they watched the history channel when they were kids... Just because the U.S. beat the "Unstoppable, evil empire of Japan" in WWII doesn't mean everything the U.S. did was okay. People keep saying the Japanese committed atrocities, but they refuse to think the U.S. committed any, or that the US was entirely justified killing hundreds of thousands of civilians... 

War is fucking horrible, and the fact that so many people are clamoring for it right now, is disturbing. I understand that something needs to be done about terrorism and preventing terrorists from killing civilians, but mobilizing an army and storming into the middle east isn't the right answer. I thought that was made abundantly clear in the past decade. Do I have a solution to end this conflict, No. No one person does, so don't bring up that bullshit argument.

I wonder how many of the same people clamoring for blood and revenge right now, were raging when they heard that hospital was bombed a few weeks ago, or when a passenger plane was shot down by a Russian missile, or many of the other tragedies that they like to forget about when something else comes along...

People think war is horrible until they want to inflict it on someone else. I wish some of these people had the cognitive ability to realize that how they feel now after this attack, is how people in the middle east felt. Especially when their civilian population was being killed during the war in the middle east... That people all over the world can feel this angry when something happens to their countrymen or family. I'm actually shocked that some people have even called for the genocide of an entire religious population in this thread. Apparently people don't read history books anymore...

Can all of the bloodthirsty warmongers shut up and actually think about the people that lost their lives and that people have actually lost loved ones to some seriously horrible violence today? Maybe if those people learned to show some real compassion, they wouldn't be chomping at the bit for more bloodshed so quickly. Maybe we could actually mourn this horrific assault on a civilian population for more than a few hours?

It's strange, earlier today on the front page I saw a picture of people holding a sign that said "Stop killing people you fucking twats" yet here we are... with so many people ready for more killing.
Viva la France! - xoxoxoxox
[removed]
[removed]
I'm friends with a public defender. She just told me a story about a young stupid guy that got in way over his head with some gang members. Now he's testifying against them. Well my friend *repeatedly* told the judge that her client cannot be in the same room with the other gang members. The judge *repeatedly* told the deputies. What happened? The sheriff deputies left them in a room together and her client got a ruthless beating.

Is anyone in the sheriff's department facing any consequences? No.
That this sort of commentary is made by the judiciary from the bench under any circumstances clearly demonstrates an awareness of the prevalent circumstances in the prisons, and as such demonstrates clearly an awareness that a prison sentence amounts to cruel and unusual punishment.
It's too bad that the judicial system doesn't do enough to stop prison rape.
If I'm a defending attorney in the state of new mexico I think appeals for my clients would include cruel and unusual punishment citing this judges opinion.
"Isaiah Gay"

thanks mom, thanks dad.
5 years probation for a 18 year old = Definitely going to prison.
Every time some self righteous redditor lauds 'the pounding' a sexual offender will receive is exactly why we have this problem.

You are fine with the state using rape as a form of defacto punishment?

Grow the fuck up.
If a Judge really thinks that prison rape is not just a possible outcome but a likely if not even inevitable consequence of sending a man to prison, all the arguments that this does not qualify as cruel and unusual start looking weak.

Certainly if a judge tried to sentence someone to be sodomized that would count as cruel and unusual punishment. so far they have been getting away with it because it is more of an unintended possible side-effect than an actual part of the punishment.

Statements such as this weaken this defence of this barbaric practice a lot.

edited: weak/week.
It baffles me that we as a society completely accept and joke about the rape problem in prisons in the US. To those that say "they deserve it", it isn't drug dealers, gang bangers, murderers, or rapists getting raped. They are doing the raping, its other less serious criminals getting raped. Do you honestly think someone who gets a few months for having weed in their car while they were speeding deserves to be raped for it? 

EDIT: I am talking about real drug dealers. Not the guy that sells you weed out of his moms basement. The type of guy that would cut your mothers throat if you sold weed too close to a corner or corners that he owned in a city. If you don't understand the difference you should thank your parents, they raised you in a soft ass part of america. 
The judge who sentenced me said I should be strung up from my ankles... for a drug charge. 

They know they can be assholes and completely get away with it which is why they do it. Most people aren't going to give a shit because we're criminals. 
But in America, we like the idea of prisoners being raped. "Can't do the time, don't do the crime" Like somehow, no matter what minor or trivial or culmination of events landed you in state or federal custody, you deserve whatever brutal sexual trauma gets inflicted on you for even being there.
Which is why she gave him probation instead.
Theres nothing really stopping the lowing of the drinking age...except the federal government will withhold highway funds in the millions.

This happened in the 80s. The money is too good to pass up. The initiative people are targeting the wrong level of government.

Any HS government teacher uses this as an example of the conflict within our federal system, because of the fact that states have so much control over how people access alcohol otherwise.

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Minimum_Drinking_Age_Act 
That's one way to get 18-year-olds to vote.
...On the one hand, *young* adults shouldn't drink.

On the other, young *adults* shouldn't be charged with bullshit age-related crimes.

Ultimately, my reasoning, given that they aren't really treated as "young" in any other part of our legal system, is that they should be treated as "adults" in this.
If it passes, they would lose ~~all~~ 8% of their federal highway funding. Let's see how it pays off.

*edit: Thanks commenters, my mistake.
You old enough to go to War! You are old enough to do everything else.
I am all for lowering the drinking age, and allowing minors under 18 to drink with their parents anywhere. 

**However, this needs to be a national age**.

I am from a town in Illinois 20 min south of a vacation spot in Wisconsin. Before WI raised their drinking age to 21, hundreds (if not thousands) of 18-20yo's would drive through our town to WI to go to bars. 

And then they would drive home, drunk. There were minor accidents every week, major ones at least 3-4 times a year.

Those accidents stopped the moment the drinking age in WI went to 21.

**TLDR: any change in age needs to be national, or there will be mass DD accidents near state borders**
Like the rest of the world? 
Can't really compare this to the rest of the world where the driving age is higher and getting your license isn't considered a right, nor is it as much of a joke as it is here in the US
I think it's important to remember why the legal age was changed in the first place. Look at how drunk driving numbers went down immediately after. Jon Stewart did a piece on it.
i'd prefer if they raised the age to join the military to 21, but if that isn't going to happen -- and of course it won't, we need young moldable people to go be cannon fodder and invade foreign lands -- then yes, they should allow those old enough to kill and die in the military to drink alcohol.  
If you ever worked in a bar you know this is a horrible idea.

18 year olds in the US can't seem to manage their liquor well at all.

Source: Life
Please no. I don't want to go out and deal with drunk teenagers at the bars. 
Can't decide if he's a lucky bastard for surviving both attacks, or unlucky as fuck for being caught up in both attacks.
Maybe he's the real target.
"he had been in the street below the World Trade Centre in New York during the September 11 attacks in 2001."
Can we get this guy to publish his schedule online or something?  I'd like to not be around him.
Didn't we ALL survive 9/11.
If i were his friends, I'd never go anywhere public with him. Or at least, I'd bring a helmet along
this guy just has terrible luck. like the opposite of winning the lottery
Some Jack Bauer type stuff here
Terrorists hate him! See how one man survived 2 attacks with this one simple trick
Final Destination: Terrorizing Terror
Are they calling him a 9/11 survivor just because he was at NYC that day? Journalists are not smart people.
The man is obviously made of strong stuff, like a passport.
David Jolly isn't a scientologist. He represents an area with a large scientologist population, and members of the church (cult) donate to his campaign and have voted for him, but he isn't a scientologist.

Edit: not only that, Jolly was one of the first few Republican congresspeople to endorse legal gay marriage.
This douche is already in the House. Way to go, Florida GOP
Scientology is a terrorist organization considering how much violence and bullshit the organization has been involved with. 
This is obviously "guilt by indirect association." If you're going to castigate David Jolly, you also have to tar all the others who joined the Clearwater Centennial celebration with the same brush. http://www.tampabay.com/blogs/the-buzz-florida-politics/jolly-and-his-wife-hang-with-the-scientologists/2241972
Jolly isn't a scientologist....


Probably an idiot. But still democratic if he represents a portion of the population.
Vote Jolly. I'm serious. 

You'll never get better TV than Cruz and Jolly yelling at each other across the Senate floor about Christ Vs Xenu. 

(Unless President Trump wades in to break it up.) 
[deleted]
So this is why all programmers are upset when they are offered 6 figure salaries in the Bay Area. Half your income is for rent wtf
San Francisco needs a local rent is too damn high party.
I've been wanting to ask this for a bit, so this seems like a good thread.  I honestly can't figure out how people with lower incomes can live in these cities.  My wife and I bring home about this amount every month.  Does everyone make 100k a year in CA?
Didn't reddit recently require all of their employees to move to San Fran? 

That rent is SCARY.
On a list of reasons why I don't live in San Francisco, I stopped making a list after this reason. 
That would pay off the remainder of my mortgage in about a year and 8 months.

Holy shit.
[This](http://i.imgur.com/Tn7CSTX.jpg) is why rent is so high.  Yellow indicates a max building height of 4 stories.
SF doesn't want people there it's readily apparent, come to Detroit, rents are low and you can be near the ground floor of a rebirth of a city.
I don't think life was suppose to be this hard 
I will laugh about this in my 3100sqft (4500sqft if you count the unfinished basement) 5 bed 3 bath house in a suburb of Indianapolis that I pay $1500 per month mortgage on.  And then I will cry when I am shoveling snow under an dark grey sky, knowing Californians are playing sand volleyball on hover boards.  

They do have hover boards, right?  For 5k a month for rent they must have hover boards.
Just curious. Why do people live here? Is it really that awesome?

(edit: after reading the comments I am definitely reminded of the South Park episode where Kyle's family moves to SF and goes around smelling their own farts because they are so smug and truly believe they are better than other people.)
I live in a modern city of 9 million. 2 bedroom medium size. Super safe and good location. I pay $700 a month. And thats expensive for this country. 
Using the recommendation of housing (rent and utilities) should be not more than 1/4 of you monthly take home pay, I would need to be making almost $200k before taxes just to be able to afford this.

Rent - $5k/month

Utilities - $500-1k/month (guessing here)
That rent control seems to be working great! At keeping more units from being built
Yet another symptom of the unintended consequences of absurd housing legislation (Prop 13) passed in CA. Not a fucking coincidence that 4 of the top 10 highest 1 BR rents in the country are in CA.

The free market must be regulated to protect people, no doubt, but California takes it to a different level with laws that ultimately have the opposite of the intended effect.
Fun fact: In Scotland a man cannot be raped by a woman.
Meanwhile In [India](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rape_of_males#India_2)

&gt; In the 2013 Criminal Law (Amendment) Ordinance, rape and sexual harassment crimes were gender neutral. The term "rape" was removed and substituted with "sexual assault". But strong objections were raised by feminist groups that made the Indian government decided to restore the term rape and state that only men can be the rapists of women
Good. Rape can happen to anyone.
first removing the 1 child law and now this. China's government is getting more done than our Congress. 
Wait... it wasn't before?
Its a fucking travesty that rape was ever legally defined as using a penis to enter an orifice, rape should be any forced and unwanted sexual activity, on a man or a woman by a man or a woman with no other criteria.
It's misleading to assume male rape has never been prosecuted in China. They changed some definitions, so what was previously prosecuted as intentional injury or battery will presumably now be prosecuted as rape.

Similarly, sex with underage prostitutes was still a crime before they reclassified it as rape. It doesn't sound like they changed the sentencing much, just redefined some terms.


...And most 'male rapes' still technically aren't in USA. Rape is defined only as forceful penetration of the victim.

And until 2013, a man simply couldn't be raped at all.

source: https://www.fbi.gov/about-us/cjis/ucr/recent-program-updates/new-rape-definition-frequently-asked-questions - it's a PDF.
When I tried clicking this I got an appropriate error message...

&gt; Backend fetch failed
~~Comments are shit, turn back now.~~

Edit: Rephrased

Edit 2: Wow, this upset a lot of people. It was just a warning.

But anyway most of the comments that were around when I made this comment have since been buried, so I guess it's business as usual. Nothing to see here folks.
I'm an envelopment survivor and this means a lot to me 
She was the news the other night and when asked about lying she just said and laughed "we all make mistakes."
Some mistake...
[removed]
[removed]
I curious about the details of this case. He tries to distance himself from the tax protest group as well so how did his name even come up?
Listen, I think any woman that lies about a rape is a piece of shit. Not only do they destroy someones life, but also discredit actual rape victims. 

That being said, just because she lied about something else doesn't mean she lied about the rape. This could very well be just a rapist taking advantage of the situation.
how do you get 19 years for sexual assault?
When I was in college, a woman accused a professor of sexual assault. The female ASB president and the Dean of Students met with her. The next day, she accused the Dean of sexual assault, so the ASB president and the college president met with her. The next day, she accused the president of sexual assault.

At this point, she was directed to social services and kicked off campus.
If his claim is true, she should go to jail for every day he was in there.
Yes, because a Liar could never ever be raped and obviously this means we have to jump to the conclusion that the man is innocent and the women is a huge lying cunt who ought to be thrown away fro life. Christ reddit. How about not immediately making a decision about this?
I can't wait to see this video. 

**Mr. Shkreli, what is your reason for justifying such a substantial price increase for a drug that has a significant benefit for thousands suffering from an incurable disease?**

*Well, you see Senator, DEEEEEEEEEZ NUTSSSSSS.*
Want to really fuck this guy? 

Single payer system with the ability to control/negotiate prescription prices. 
This is what happens when healthcare is a for profit industry.  The people with insurance don't directly notice a price change (but insurance companies raise rates), people without insurance either don't get treatment because they can't afford it, or qualify for some kind of subsidy or assistance program so someone else absorbs the cost increase.  

End result: Average person ends up paying more for healthcare, insurance company stays just as rich, drug company gets more rich.
Folks on this committee are going to get some TV time and come out looking like good guys, but after that they are going to to get shitloads of campaign contributions from other pharmaceutical companies who will all applaud their righteous persecution of the Whipping Boy while doing the same thing on a wider yet unnoticed scale. 
How long before Republicans start whining about this investigation being socialism and telling us that we need less regulation of hard working, job creating companies like this one?
MIT courses at 5? My son will be 4 in about five months and at this rate, I would just be happy if he knows what 2+2 is at 5.
"dad, go work at that indian restaurant"

"k"
My daughter is just about two, she loves to sit quietly and read to herself, like actually flip through books and is interested in the words. I think to myself "YES, WHAT A SMART KID I HAVE" and then we sit at dinner and she sticks green beans in her ears and makes fart noises at me.
[deleted]
Another child kidnapped by the Institute.
That's incredible for him, however between being homeschooled and going to college at 15 you have to wonder how he fares socially. In my experience, both homeschooled kids and younger than usual college kids are more than bit awkward.
I don't care if he is social development has been stunted. That's an absolutely incredible achievement, and he and his parents should be proud. 

&gt;Reflecting on his journey from Calcutta to Cambridge and the many intersecting moments with MIT, Rungta is grateful to his parents and to MIT for being responsive to his needs every step of the way. “MIT has been my middle school, my high school, my entire education. That’s pretty amazing. Some people think I’m gifted, but I don’t think so. OCW was a gift to me. I was lucky to be born at the time MIT was opening up education to the world and extra lucky that OCW brought MIT and me together.” 

Also he seems like a good kid.
Some of the comments in this thread are ridiculous. We have no evidence he is socially stunted or going to fucking kill himself, like many posters are suggesting. He wanted to learn these things, his parents didn't force him to, they simply opened the door. His dad is a chef, not exactly a bastion of education its self. Fucking be happy for him, because most of yall sound jealous. Making fun of someone for being smart is such a sorry act.
&gt; IS fighters said they carried out the gun and bomb massacre - calling Paris "the capital of prostitution and obscenity".

...says a group that specializes in human trafficking.  
Didn't the French President say something that France would respond relentlessly?
I would hope that the strategy being pursued is to ruthlessly track down and eliminate the financiers.  Every movement needs money.

"I think it's very clear that the French and the wider coalition have decided in a sense to give France the iron fist at least for the next 24 hours or so," he said.

"The coalition has a number of targets of opportunity, targets provided by intelligence.

"The scale of these French airstrikes should not be seen as a wanton act of revenge, but really the French basically saying to their allies, 'we want to do all of the airstrikes' over the next period of time - however long that may be."

Call me naive but I believe this to be the case and have respect for them.
France has been bombing ISIS since last november
If we knew where an HQ was, why did everyone wait for this to happen? 
[deleted]
132 bombs would've been nice.
This won't make any change unless the keep doing this every day at every hour until all of them are killed.
Is this the beginning of war?
[deleted]
Until the planet's social matrix of muslims actively rejects what the ISIS-style groups are doing instead of implicitly supporting them, the situation is un-winnable by the West.  Islam's objection that "The majority of us aren't violent!" is the international version of 90% of a police force's cops staying silent and/or lying to protect its criminal 10%.

So, how do you get any group of people to stop implicitly supporting the assholes among them?  You invoke their self interest.  Make it expensive somehow to continue doing so.  Nothing less will work.  It's how humans are wired.

How could that be accomplished in this case?  Specifically, what, exactly, can the West do to make the peaceful majority of the world's 1.2 billion muslims shun/reject the (presumably) small number of bloody-minded ones?   Literally shut them down?

The answer to that question will increasingly become the only one that matters in the 21st century.


Contrast this with the story from two days ago about [the TSA missing an actual, loaded gun.](http://wfla.com/2015/11/16/tsa-failed-to-catch-man-with-loaded-gun-on-airplane/)

Keeping us safe in the skies!
And this . . .

http://www.local21news.com/template/ugc/whp/1641/1pUSatj9.jpg

. . . is the "realistic replica of a firearm" that the TSA morons confiscated.  Little wonder they're rarely able to spot *real* firearms.
Somewhere, there is a child of TSA agent that got a Buzz Lightyear.
A couple of years ago TSA confiscated my wife's belt buckle because it had "imagery of guns" on it -- their words.  It was a steel belt buckle with two crossed western-style six-shooters engraved on it. Not all that big, and certainly not dangerous or pointy or anything. They said she could go mail it to herself, but there was really nothing she could do, because the flight was leaving in like 20 minutes and the post office was all the way on the other side of the airport. So it ended up in the bin with a thousand nail clippers and small pocket knives.

In actuality, it was pretty obvious one of the screeners didn't like her "attitude" because she had an annoyed look on her face, due to being tired and frustrated with the long wait time. The screener came storming over and gave her the "don't give me that attitude, I'm trying to keep you safe" speech. I think they basically decided to make an example of her and exert some power.

I fell quite safe now that I know they are saving us all from the dangers of childrens' toys, bottled water, and belt buckles.
The TSA's new motto: "You can't fly until we make you cry."
Should have bought the kid a loaded handgun.  95% chance they'd never spot it.
There is a TREMENDOUS opportunity here for Disney to get some great PR and make a little kid shit himself with glee. 

Disney should find out where this family lives and send someone dressed up as Buzz to hand deliver a new one to him. Or at the very least mail them a new blaster and an autographed letter from Buzz.  That would make for some feel good front page news.
Take Shit Away, that is what they do.
The greatest risk to your person and property while traveling is the TSA.. 

Who's stopped zero terrorists and have committed thousands of crimes ranging from property theft to sexual assault. 

one of many sources: http://tsanewsblog.com/master-list-of-tsa-abuses-and-crimes
The TSA has thrown out toy guns of action figures. 

The toy gun is all plastic and less than two inches in length. So they threw it out. 

While kids are losing their toys, TSA is failing inspections left and right and letting actually dangerous things through. 
Loved it when they took my 6 year old daughter's themed toothpaste. Made the rest of our trip basically a search for the only toothpaste she would use. They also opened up a baptismal present and trashed the suitcase it was in as well as the box and wrapping paper. At the end the TSA agent said "Do you want me to put this all back?" I said "Yes. Yes, I do." Then the TSA agent just dumps everything into the suitcase and says "there". I said, that was a terrible job and I got the "are you threatening me?"

Fuck the TSA.
They can't catch loaded guns, but at least they stopped this terrorist in training! 

But seriously, now they made an enemy out of that little boy.
&gt;"Once he realized what was happening, that they weren't giving his toy back, he immediately starts **balling**, just tears streaming down his face, crying," said David Zilka.

Well at least he was totally BALLING.
TSA is the most useless waste of money I've ever seen. They can't keep real guns off of planes but they sure can feel up children' harass brown people, and steal property.
Unless Hollywood has been lying to me. Buzz is already trying to find his way back to that kid. Probably hanging off the airplanes wing at this very moment. 
Somewhere, someone is carrying a loaded gun onto an airplane accidentally, while TSA agents stand around texting, smacking there gums, talking about they weekend. Thankfully there are no Buzz Light year souvenirs to startle the guy with the gun. 
Can we throw out the TSA yet? Im sure we can toss them right in the garbage.
TSA are a nuisance. Talk to your senators and congressmen and ask them to remove these thieves, and sexual predators.
I've only really submitted on 1 subreddit before, sorry if this wasn't the right place to post but I was watching the news this morning and thought it was something reddit would like.
I have zero doubts that ISPs are ripping people off. 
In other news, the New York AG went on the Internet for the first time today. 
My girlfriend lives in Manhattan. She has Time Warner (literally her only option). Her internet was atrociously slow and inconsistent. She and her roommate called to upgrade and guess what? Her internet hasn't improved. If it has, then the improvement is negligible. I have numerous other friends who swear against Time Warner, one of which was so fed up with the service that he opted to stop paying and simply not have internet, remarking "Having no internet is faster". 
Once upon a time, my cable ISP thought I lived in an area where fiber was offered as well as their own offering.

I was told that I would pay 39.99/month for 300d/50u. I gladly indulged and upon signing up and giving them my address... Oh that offer isn't valid in your area. The price for the highest tier is 99.99/month and is only 50d/5u.

This was about 8 years ago in New York. So surely that is what the AG is going to be fighting against right?

&gt;The probe by the attorney general is particularly focused on so-called interconnection arrangements, or contractual deals that Internet service providers strike with other networks for the mutual exchange of data.

&gt;In the letters, the office says it is concerned that customers paying a premium for higher speeds may be experiencing a disruption in their service thanks to technical problems and business disputes over the interconnection agreements.

Oh. Guess not.
from my informal investigation, i'd say yes. 

i googled internet prices once. south korea has faster internet for far cheaper than the US. considering that many people's only interaction with the outside world is internet or cable tv (my mom for one and lots of older people or people with anxieties, etc), that shit needs to be cheaper!
&gt;claiming the judge who issued them was “threatening to hold her hostage indefinitely as a prisoner of her conscience."

No... that's called going to jail.
The law is pretty cut and dry here. Same sex marriage is legal. Is she just appealing it for attention at this point? 
Did no one read about the worst part of the story?
"Kentucky's incoming Governor, Republican Matt Bevin, is expected to push legislation to "accommodate the religious convictions of Kim Davis and other Kentucky clerks," "

So he is going to pass a law saying that she can do what she did and get away with it.  That's fucked up.

Edit:
Basically the Governor is going to make it so clerk will no longer be issuing licenses. Its not going to be an issue to get a marriage license now.  It a step in the right direction.  I appreciate those who have informed me of this. Many of you have been very polite.  

Good. LPT... don't take a job that requires following lawful orders if you aren't willing to do that.
Good, I hope the morons paying for her legal fees go bankrupt as well
It's God's will if she wins but if she loses then it's the fault of a godless society.  Of course if God really is all powerful then it must mean God wants her to lose. 
She should just be ignored and thrown in jail, then fired.
Is she going to do this over and over again until the bigots funding her run out of money?
Shes fighting for her right to suppress other's rights, wow that's a special kind of stupid.
Thankfully, this bitch's 15 minutes are over.
She should have quit her job if her religion didn't allow her to preform it's functions. And the governor making the law fit her religion sounds good but what about when the Christian religion isn't the majority anymore, will she adapt to their laws? No. 


Even if I thought there WAS a heaven, the thought of spending eternity with hordes of bigoted, simpering jesus/god sycophants (like Kim Davis) would send me willingly straight to hell.
Matt Bevin was just elected governor of Kentucky.  He supported Kim Davis during her stupidity.  Kentucky is fucked.


I'm a Christian but Kim Davis needs to shut it. This woman has been married FOUR times and had TWO children out of wedlock. She has no leg to stand on. In God's eyes, sin is sin. Kim is a hypocrite to the nth degree. I'd like to apologize on behalf of her. No wonder people turn away from Christianity. 
Actually the Judge said:

&gt;“This court simply cannot, and will not, allow the government to trump the Constitution merely because it suits the exigencies of the moment,’’ Judge Leon wrote in his 43-page decision.

and

&gt;“Although this court appreciates the zealousness with which the government seeks to protect the citizens of our nation, that same government bears just as great a responsibility to protect the individual liberties of those very citizens,’’ he wrote.

So I guess there is at least one honest Judge left in the US.

Sorry spooks. Now go do your real fucking job. Start looking for terrorists and stop jerking off to my girlfriends snaps.
"Likely?" More like ABSO-FUCKING-LUTELY
At what point do we just say the existence of the NSA violates the constitution? If we DID say that, would that even be enough to get rid of them? It's like violating the constitution is merely frowned upon at this point.
He hit the driver while driving?  
&gt;People who hire Uber drivers have to pay up front with their credit cards, and give their information. Mr Woldemichael is hoping police will be able to track the passenger. 

Sounds like someone is about to get fired once their identity is leaked and this goes viral.
&gt;“He asked me if I was a Muslim, and I said I was not a Muslim,” said Mr Woldemichael. “I was driving and he hit me while I was driving.” He added: “I told him in the first place I was not a Muslim, but it’s not right to generalize people and do that,” he said.

We need more people like this driver, and I hope they'll apprehend the culprit soon.
Just so we're clear: The outrageous part **isn't** that he mistook a Christian for a Muslim right?

Because that's what the title seems to imply.

I would think the outrageous part was that they thought it was okay to physically assault some random person due to their faith whether that faith was perceived or actual.
What? All Christians aren't white? The religion wasn't started 20 years ago by Joel Osteen? /s
I don't understand this mentality. Why attack immigrants who have integrated?
It's happening, the ignorant bottleheads losing their minds.
Retaliatory attacks similar to those following 9/11
It turns out that bigots are stupid. Who knew?
You see, you racist idiots? This is perfect propaganda for ISIS. 
This is the result of 14 years of constant anti-Muslim preaching via media and government channels.
Remember:this is what ISIS wants. 
Who gives a shit if the driver was christian? A hate crime is a hate crime no matter what details the assailant gets right or wrong.
I would imagine this is just going to bolster Fox's story.
"Cornell University believes in exposing students to a diverse set of perspectives. Our decision to apply our media policy to Fox News, as we do to all news outlets, was motivated by our responsibility to protect student privacy.

Fox News has been on our campus many times, but they have typically contacted us in advance and worked with us to set up interviews with students. This time, there was no advance notice. We provided the crew with a written version of our policy and they proceeded to go off campus where they interviewed students and completed their story unhindered.

The vast majority of media interactions on campus, including faculty and student interviews, are done in compliance with our policy and with full cooperation between our Media Relations Office and the news organization. This was one of the rare cases where the media refused to cooperate, and we accordingly implemented our policy."

Edit: Sorry for any confusion. This a quote from Joel Malina, vice president for university relations. It can be found on most articles covering the incident.

Edit: Sources- http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/elections/2015/10/27/fox-news-reporter-booted-cornell-university/74695388/

https://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/erik-wemple/wp/2015/10/27/cornell-university-zaps-fox-newss-jesse-watters-on-privacy-considerations/


I go to Cornell and the "liberal bias" mentioned in this article stems from a recent study showcasing a 92% political leaning towards being a liberal on campus.

This worries many professors because it means that students and faculty are falling into, "the spiral of silence" where they feel either threatened, ostracized, or otherwise excluded from being allowed to talk freely in support of their political views.

Fox News likely heard about this study and wanted to ask people about it. I actually walked past their news team while on my way to one of my classes, but I just thought it was some local news show (but I did think it was odd how nicely they were all dressed.)
Let's all be aware that Jesse Watters isn't a real journalist, and that Fox sends him out specifically to troll people.
On the other hand, when I was a freshman at Cornell (within the past decade), the college republicans club was temporarily shut down because they couldn't find a faculty member who would sponsor the club, so maybe this isn't quite as ridiculous as it seems...
Ann Coulter should do the interview for Billy O'Really ...she graduated from Cornell
 
Jesus... the comments. No wonder I don't go into /r/politics or related places. I don't care what side of any fence you fall on, but shit like this makes you instantly retarded on either side:

&gt; Partisan droolers

&gt; Faux "News," 

&gt; What a stench in these political sub Chapters posing as centers of education

&gt; But the marxists who have infiltrated universities 

What the fuck, people? Is this really how people communicate about politics?
Breaking News: Young college students lean left politically. More at 11.
lmao at this thread. Normally you'd be all up in arms about this shit, but this time they kicked out Fox News! I don't know who to complain against! You're confusing me!
I have to comment here because I was at Cornell for six years (undergrad and graduate). I have a few points to make:

1. Cornell does not often allow and has before kicked news teams off campus. Fox didn't put in the proper paperwork with the media at Cornell so DENIED. The student body at Cornell is comprised of the very rich, the very international, and the very smart. So it half has to do with protecting their reputation/donor parents/$$$ and the other half is that half of Cornell's revenue comes from research grants so again, they need to keep themselves in a positive light to keep that money rolling in. 

2. No shit Cornell has a liberal campus. It's full of idealistic kids in a farming hub with some of the smartest people in the world teaching. And to be fair, the Republican Club protested the following things while I was there (btw the club president was blind and would call girls sluts as they walked by, it was super weird)

a. The LBGTQ Safe House

b. A Safe Sex Talk for Women

c. Dragon Day Parade

d. Magic the Gathering Club

e. Another sex talk about using sex toys that I cannot really remember too well

3. The dude doing the interviewing is a shit-heel. The only shit-heels allowed on campus are legacy shit-heels.
There are a few things going on here:

1) The political bias at universities might come about because the university didn't ask potential faculty their political leanings in the hiring process. Which would make sense. I've never been asked my political leanings in any job interview. 

2) More educated people tend to be more left-leaning. (Except for lawyers and doctors.) Typically, the higher your degree the further left you are. 

3) People have a hard time thinking creatively or reciting facts on the spot. When the guy asks "What's the national debt?" and a woman doesn't know that's pretty goddamn unsurprising. 

4) He's also asking fairly invasive questions --he asks one girl out to dinner. He's also stupid questions. "Do the professors pass around doobies during class?" This isn't hard-hitting journalism, it's causing a ruckus. 

5) From the jump cuts to "Animal House" in the video, I'm guessing this guy was not only asking these invasive and hard-to-recall questions, but also even more obnoxious stuff. 

6) There are a million leaps of logic in the video. He uses a couple anecdotes to prove his point: "My conservative friends get bad grades on their papers," etc. He then assumes that the left-leaning staff are indoctrinating students: "I'm going to test how indoctrinated you already are." He then assumes that because the faculty are left-leaning that everyone there is also left-leaning. He also assumes that people who don't answer his asinine hard-right questions are anything other than reality-based humans --"Do you think we should build a wall across the southern border?" doesn't scream "well-thought-out conservative policies that will be turned down because of a bias." Even some conservatives know that it's absurd to build a 1,500-mile wall. 

Cornell is a private university (with publicly funded undergraduate colleges.) If I go to a private university and start a scene I can expect to be asked to leave. And it certainly doesn't mean that FOX news can't come back when there's an actual story to cover. The "journalism" segment was click-bait horseshit, the "Cornell Kicks Fox News Off Campus" is click-bait horseshit. These guys got what they wanted. 
ITT: Free speech is great until someone with another opinion comes along

Edit: A couple points so I won't have to reply to everyone.

- Cornell University is not "Private property": [Cornell is the federal land-grant institution of New York State, a private endowed university, a member of the Ivy League/Ancient Eight, and a partner of the State University of New York.](https://www.cornell.edu/about/facts.cfm) "Land Grant" is essentially public land designated for a group, an organization, or an institution by the state.
Essentially Cornell is on public land while being privately endowed, meaning that the reporters were not on private owned areas, they were owned by the State of New York.

- I see so many people trying to bend the rules in order to justify them kicking Fox News out. It's so disgusting to see how people justify this intolerance.

- Many people trying to call out Fox News for "harassment", no student is ever obligated to be interviewed by Fox News nor they are being harassed for *answering a couple questions for Journalists*. Redditors are stretching the definition of harassment in order to justify this stifling of free speech.
Isis has been selling a lot of stuff. Whatever they can't move to sell they video its destruction and put it online. It would be funny to see religious fundamentalists funding opposing religious fundamentalists. 
Indiana jones hype. watch for a new trailer soon
The funny part of this is that i have already seen facebook bullshit post saying "OBAMA HATES CHRISTIANS! HOBBY LOBBY BRINGING LOST BOOKS OF BIBLE TO AMERICA AND ALL HE WANTS TO DO IS DESTROY THEM!"

Worst off that means there are people i know and talk to who buy this shit.
Cant believe I'm saying this but id rather have a CEO have them then leave them there for ISIS to destroy. I'm not a religious person, but it breaks my heart to see humanities history erased.
Black lives matter is probably having the opposite effect on the public that the protesters think it is.
this time the protests are over the shooting death of a man who assaulted his girlfriend, the paramedics who arrived because he beat her so badly, and then the cops... "hands up don't shoot" is not a particularly relevant slogan when the "victim" in question never put his hands up or showed any sign of surrender
Beat up girlfriend in the street.

Come back and beat up paramedics who are treating her.

Assault cops.

This is who you wanna call a victim BLM? 
If you want to piss someone off and guarantee they'll never support your cause fuck with their commute.

Geniuses...
I will not be bulled......but I will bully others.

I will demand to be heard, but I will shout down those who don't agree with me.

I will demand my "rights" be respected, but I will not respect the rights of others.

I will not tolerate a society that needs to use force to get it's way, but I will use violence and intimidation I don't get mine.

I will demand that stupid, angry people don't form groups, yet I will form one when I need to make a point.

I will tell all about "Tolerance" and "Diversity", but if you don't think just like we do, say what we say and believe what we believe, you're not welcome here.

I will point out racist actions, but I will not acknowledge my own.

I will demand everyone be treated equally, unless I don't like that person or their point of view.

I will demand the First Amendment when I am speaking, but when you go to report on what I say, it has no bearing.

The ends never justify the means, unless the end result is one I agree with or support.

I will demand "Justice" in the courts, but will practice "Mob justice" when I need to get my way.

I sympathize with others who are hurt, live in terror or fear of their lives, but request they shut the hell up when they take the spotlight from my cause.
I absolutely love how the one black individual in the Dodge Charger was screaming, "look at what the fuck you are doing. This is not right!" And was yelling at another black man that was helping block the road. 

He scoffs and states, "go home" 

Bitch... What do you think she is trying to do. She is a hard working black person. With a job. And is trying to get home after a long day at work. Jesus, these people are stupid. 
They did this in Austin, as well. There's no better way to get the people against you than to create traffic problems and making them late.
So, there is a domestic dispute severe enough for someone to have called the police, and the guy involved is also "interfering" with the Paramedics. If that same type of behavior continued once the Police arrived then it is no wonder he ended up getting shot.

Seriously, Black Lives Matter, if you want people to feel sympathetic to your cause, find better "victims" to protest for.
We had a pretty large BLM rally that started right next to our campus  last year, at like 5pm on a Friday.  The police blocked off very busy roads around this part of the city so these people could parade around basically chanting Fuck the Police at the people who are preventing them from being run over.  After parading around busy city streets during rush hour they marched right onto the interstate (by then it was maybe 6:00 at the latest) and paraded around on the highway.  You won't get people to support you by pissing them off and acting like assholes. 

 When you turn a thug into a martyr, people aren't going to support that.  When you go into a university library (like at Dartmouth), disturb the peace and verbally and physically abuse white students who are trying to study, they're not going to rally around your cause.  Because while these BLM people *say* they're fighting racism, a lot of them are more racist than the people they're yelling at.  What they end up doing (and somebody put this really well in a thread about the "protests" at Dartmouth) is fueling more racism toward themselves.  A white student at the Dartmouth library was pinned against a wall, others were surrounded and taunted- those people might not have had any real prejudices toward black people but might now have a sort of internalized mistrust and fear of them.  I can say with certainty that these white students at Dartmouth won't be out in silly white hats and robes burning crosses in response, but they might be more likely to avoid making black friends, or visiting a black doctor, or things like that out of a little bit of fear.  I'm not saying that's guaranteed to be the case but it could happen.

I do believe that black lives matter- just as much as anybody else's.  I know that black people have faced a lot of struggles in this country that I couldn't possibly imagine going through.  That said, trying to take out any anger over that on innocent people doesn't help anything.  All it does is fuel more hatred and vitriol.  This is more than just "white police are killing black people."  Addressing this situation will take more than just sticking cameras on the police.  Communities will have to get to the root of the causes.  I think that starts with dealing with poverty and reinforcing the idea that people have the potential to do a lot more than resorting to crime.  I think we need to focus on improving education in lower-income communities while making those students actually believe that staying in school and doing well is a worthwhile cause.  Along the same lines, urban high schools should emphasize both college prep and job training so that students who don't want to or can't go to college for whatever reason still have a strong foundation for a job.  There is a lot that can be done if people redirected their time and effort into it.  Instead of yelling in peoples' faces, go volunteer in a school, tutor students, help them realize their own potential.  It'll go a lot further and make much more of a difference.

Edit- thanks for the arbitrary internet coin!
[removed]
As a white guy living in Ferguson during the riots and subsequent protests, I just want to get some things off my chest finally. First and foremost, anyone who unconditionally loves or hates an entire group of people based solely on race is an idiot.

On that note, I lived on that block for three years. I was born and raised in north county, from black jack to calverton park to florissant and back. I knew the people, it was our home. We grilled, drank and smoked together. I'd watch out for the neighbor kids when they'd play in the street. I would cobble together old speaker parts into dope little cell phone boomboxes theyd play all day. My nickname was pepper boy, because I grew hot peppers the were "hotter than hot sauce".

It was never about race back then. We just did our thing. Yeah you watch out for sketchy people, don't act like they don't exist. Two people were shot on my block within those three short years. Heroin starts popping up all over, roomate gets a problem. Thing is, if you actually talk to people and see them as individuals, you can seperate out the good from the hood from the cool to the slow pretty quick. Almost like people are like individuals or something. Yeah they're some streight up racist cunts out in west county and St. Charles who get off on feeling better than others to justify their meager existence. Fuck em.

I saw the QT get torched with my own eyes. That wasn't a damn protest, it was over the fucking line. An opportunity for free shit taken by the type that are too dumb to think a day ahead, hence why they're even poorer than me. That was a fucking QT, thats where we get fucking milk and beer assholes.A lot of us don't have cars, who the fuck wants to walk a half mile to walmart.

But still we were optimistic on our block. Everybody's gonna get through were all together no problem. Welp people who had nothing to do with that community started weighing in their shit. People get mad. Blacks mad at whites for subjecting them to a system of their design. Whites mad at blacks for acting a damn fool about one kid getting shot when 130 have been killed in gang violence in north city/county just this year.

Whatever optimism I had those first few weeks slowly faded. The majority of the town was calm most of the time, but things were different. Passive aggression passing by people on the sidewalk. No more light hearted small talk at the register. Everyone just pissed off all the time. Whatever wounds of racism that had finally started to scab over after decades gone. Back to square one. On both sides.

It made me bitter. It made me cold, watching that shit unfold. That town will never be the same and its sad. Seriously I thought it could be a model of how we could live side by side, and its become the exact opposite. And thats how the blacks want it.

I moved closer to downtown about 6 months ago. When I go visit the old room mates I see that nothing in that towns gotten better, and now the rest of America has forgotten about it. Some asshats took over the "cause" to new levels of absurdity, and in the meantime Ferguson's gotten more poor, more violent, more racist than ever before.

Fuck BLM, Fuck the Media, Fuck edgy college white cunts, Fuck Micheal Brown and his shit head parents, Fuck You Darren Wilson and Fuck Ferguson.

There I said it.
They just succeded at having every person on that highway absolutely hate them. Bravo. Bravo.
So they blocked the highway and the police came.  Then the police created a detour to get traffice through.  Then the protesters blocked the highway AND the detour.  Then the police created a second detour and the protesters blocked that detour off, too..

Fuck off.  Seriously.  You don't see white people shutting down highways for the unarmed man shot by police at his own house, do you?
[removed]
You know what doesn't get you shot? When you dont beat your wife, interfere with paramedics, and fight with police officers. Lesson learned.
Seriously, what if it was an emergency and someone had to get home to a loved one. And something bad happened due to the highway being closed off. Could these dip shits really justify their protest then? Learn how to protest people.
A woman LITERALLY says, repeatedly "Don't talk to white media!" WHAT. THE. HELL. I'm sorry, what is racism again?
Nothing like inconveniencing innocent drivers as a way to get people on your side!
Why do these clowns close down interstates? They always do this in Saint Louis, just makes everyone hate them. 
I guess Paris stealing the spotlight really pissed them off.
Black lives matter is a hate group.
Domestic violence is a major issue in the black community.
Here's one for the BLM protestors that are no where to be found: http://m.wbaltv.com/news/man-fatally-shot-in-northwest-baltimore/36354008

Police Commissioner Kevin Davis was joined by other city leaders Tuesday morning to canvass the neighborhood where Fenwick was shot.

Davis said Fenwick was doing all the right things in life and called the crime disgusting.

"It takes a special, cowardly, insecure little punk to do what happened here last evening, to flat out execute a 24-year-old young man who is raising, by himself, three children in this home, who's doing everything he can to eradicate this community of drugs, to include putting up fence by his own hand in his yard," Davis said.
Shouldn't this be illegal and all protesters be charged?
"*Don't talk to white media!*" 

I would love it so much if "white media" would just stop reporting on their shenanigans altogether. Just...something like a BLM blackout, if you will. Why the fuck are they working so goddamn hard to get attention and then bitching when they get that attention? The agenda they're pushing isn't change, isn't equality; it's "fuck you because you're white". 

Any legitimacy they ever had has been long lost on me. I'm over it. 
Why is that every single black lives matter headline I see, I think instantly "fucking idiots"?
Martin Luther King Jr. is rolling in his grave right now. 





The black lives matter movement is like the mentally handicapped child of the civil rights movement. 
I find it hypocritical that so many left-wing extremists support tactics like shutting down highways. Imagine if right leaning people were shutting down highways because they want to protest their issues, those on the left would be furious and probably label them a terrorist group. This madness needs to stop now. 
I love this. Instead of organizing counter protests and debates and having to do work to refute their ideology, I can just watch them destroy themselves. 
Why didn't people just run them the fuck over?
[deleted]
If empty cans and bottles in the parking lot are Walmart property..... 




... then they are not trash 



.... they are Walmart property 




... leaving trash in the Walmart parking lot is a donation 



All this time I thought those dirty diapers and old fast food bags were people being lazy, but apparently they were corporate donations 
Oh man, if they found out how many quarters I took when I was putting carts back in the store, they'd sue me over it.
I worked retail for too long... this type of behavior doesn't surprise me sadly...  It isn't about the cans, it isn't about the money, Walmart will claim "Theft of time" or say "He doesn't have a receipt for the cans he is bringing back therefore he stole them". This type of petty shit needs to stop....
&gt;Surveillance cameras caught Smith redeeming the empty bottles and cans at the store, tantamount to theft of Walmart property, according to the manager.

And

&gt;The manager asked Smith to repay the $5.10, but he didn't have any cash on him. He took a one-hour bus ride from Albany and paid the money back to the manager on Sunday.

Are both making my blood boil. Fuck that manager, the shit head probably pocketed the money. 
I never thought i would see my tiny bullshit town on reddit. Or anywhere. Fuck East Greenbush.
Since the manager volunteered the information that another employee was kept on after paying back the money they had taken they set a precedent. While they will argue this isn't in line with corporate policy I think regardless of personal beliefs the individual who was terminated has a legitimate case.
This makes me sad the world can be this sick. 

The only criminal here is Walmart. 
What kind of sociopath looks at a guy picking up cans and sees "theft of company property"?
It says more about Walmart that an employee needs to collect cans in their parking lot than it does them firing him.
"I did the right thing and stayed out of trouble. I worked hard and did a good job."

This guy would never last in corporate.  Everyone is a backstabber trying to get ahead on the backs of everyone else.
It looks like this cop stole evidence money at one point:

[http://www2.hawaii.edu/~jour/spj/Police.html](http://www2.hawaii.edu/~jour/spj/Police.html)

He was suspended for 5 days.
&gt;She claimed: “He was bumping his belly against Courtney."

Tactical belly bumps. This is what the donuts are for.


The attorney general is already trying to figure out how much this will cost the taxpayers
Here [is another article of the i](http://www.hawaiinewsnow.com/story/30378453/officer-accused-of-arresting-lesbians-kissing-in-store)ncident.
They were jailed for 3 days.. of their *vacation*. Fuck, I'd be royally pissed. I hope the couple gets a pretty-penny out of the upcoming lawsuit. 
Well we found Kim Davis her 5th husband...

Edit - thank you kind person for buying me gold! Though I already had it I'll make sure to pay it forward.
Does the police station want lesbians kissing out front in protest? Because that's how they get lesbians kissing out front in protest.
*crosses fingers* please not Texas, please not Texas. Yay it wasn't us this time. 
Woaaaaah there Mr Healey!
Officer Harrison's history from [The University of Hawaii's Society of Professional Journalists](http://www2.hawaii.edu/~jour/spj/Police.html):

&gt;Officer Bobby HARRISON, Jr.

&gt;Knowledge of Laws and Regulations,
Obedience to Laws and Regulations,
Performance,
Conduct,
Truthfulness,
Directives

&gt;On March 19, 1991, while Officer HARRISON was on duty, he failed to turn in monetary evidence that was given to him.

&gt;Officer HARRISON was suspended for five days.

Once a dirty cop, always a dirty cop, I say. 

Edit: Added link. 
Does he arrest every straight couple walking through the store holding hands or sneaking a kiss? Doubt it. 
[deleted]
Holding hands? That's a paddlin'

Hugging? That's a paddlin'

Kissing? You best BELIEVE that's a paddlin'!

Seriously though, that's despicable. World needs less close-minded bigots and hypocritical jackasses.
I hope the couple sues the store and its employees for illegal restraint. Not sure about Hawaii but in many states it is illegal for store employees to forcibly detain you.
Bobby Harrison likes to hit girls. 

Carve it on his fucking tombstone. 
Ah, the freedom of America. Where a police officer is free to put people in lock-up because he is a fuck.
Lucky them. They're gonna be rich because of this. It stinks of a civil rights case.
Put the pig on a street corner with a sign around his neck saying i won't harass people for no reason.
Seems like a lot of the discussion is not based on reading the article.

* Cop was responding to a domestic disturbance call @ 9:00 PM

* Was going 65mph on a 35-limit 4-lane road

* Did not have emergency lights or siren on

* Was not texting or using laptop or otherwise occupied while driving

* Pedestrian was not in a crosswalk and had a BAC over the legal limit

* Michigan has two options for this type of accident: misdemeanor moving violation causing death, and felony reckless driving causing death. Prosecutor said no felony since he was not texting/eating/etc.

* Prosecutor said the no emergency lights/siren is what got him the misdemeanor, if he had those on he would've been exempt from the speed limit

* Cop has been fired.

I don't see anything here but a tragic accident. I live in a small city where none of the pedestrians give a shit about crosswalks or traffic signals and cross four-lane roads like lemmings headed for a cliff. I'm always surprised that the roads here aren't littered with their corpses.

edit: RIP my inbox, and thanks for the gold!
She was intoxicated crossing a 4 lane highway not marked for pedestrians, and he was speeding with no lights on.

Lets face it guys, neither of these people were 100% without fault.
[Poor sap 17 year old kills someone](http://www.jdnews.com/article/20130117/News/301179934) Charged with misdemeanor. 

[Dumbshit kills a BABY](http://www.witn.com/home/headlines/Baby-born-by-C-section-after-mother-killed-in-Pender-County-crash-dies-305040611.html). Charged with misdemeanor. 

[A gal texting killed someone](http://www.wcnc.com/story/news/2015/06/08/1-killed-in-northwest-charlotte-accident/28673077/). Charged with misdemeanor. 

[Famous actor kills someone accidentally in car](http://nypost.com/2002/09/02/brodericks-guilt-actor-to-meet-with-irish-kin-of-fatal-87-car-wreck/). Charged with misdemeanor. 


It's the perfect crime. Kill someone with a car and you won't get punished.
[Freakonomics](http://freakonomics.com/2014/05/01/the-perfect-crime-a-new-freakonomics-radio-podcast/) did a podcast on that topic last year. Very interresting.
The legislature is largely to blame for the punishment here. Maybe more than a 1-year misdemeanor seems appropriate, but the article states that negligent homicide was removed. The court was given a choice between a 1-year misdemeanor for "moving violation causing death" or a 15-year felony for "reckless driving causing death". Given the choices the misdemeanor seems most appropriate. 

He was performing his duties at the time and there were no other factors indicating recklessness. He was on his way to a domestic call, which they like to approach with lights and sirens off sometimes. 

He killed a woman and nothing can fix that. But there was no malice, no recklessness, no alcohol or distracted behavior involved. Sometimes accidents happen, where someone bears some fault but there's no way they could have foreseen the consequences. Is it fair to throw their life away because of that?
I was writing this in response to a guy who deleted his post, so I'm reposting it here:

He's not a "police officer who gets a free pass." 

This is just another dude, who is a police officer. Put yourself in his situation. He didn't shoot someone in the back. He was speeding to a call. He didn't have malice. He fucked up. 

When I think of situations like this, I think of that guy in San Francisco who [wanted to use his Taser, but accidentally used his gun](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shooting_of_Oscar_Grant). He went to prison. 

He didn't mean to kill the guy. It was an accident. And yet he goes to jail and a 100 bad cops who have slapped around citizens go free. All because there was fucking *footage* of it. 

Stop treating cops like a single, alien entity. They are individuals. If you treat them like an entity, they will act defensively as an entity. 

&gt;People get tired of seeing police officers get a free pass for conduct that thousands of regular Americans go to prison for every day.

Stop trying to hang every cop that makes a mistake. Hang the cops that *really* make mistakes and we'll be in a better position as a society. 

If you treat them like an entity, they will respond as an entity. Let's STOP DOING THAT!
Title should be: Drunk pedestrian wanders into 4 lane road without crosswalk, gets hit by cop responding to domestic disturbance.

Reddit should read the article
About fucking time we saw some common sense concerning planned parenthood
Alabama, wasting taxpayer money on frivolous lawsuits and legislation and then wondering why they dont have money for other resources!
Judiciary stops state Executive and Legislative branches from doing something wildly illegal.  News and incoherent outrage at 11.
ITT: A surprising amount of people that don't have a clue what Planned Parenthood, Medicaid, or Medicare does in the slightest.

But I suppose that's the whole problem.
&gt; They confronted students who bore ‘symbols of oppression’ such as ‘gangster hats’ and Beats-brand headphones.


I knew everyone disliked beats, but not this much.
"DO YOU NOT THINK BLACK LIVES MATTER?!?"


"Can you just go away?"


Lol
The irony of Dartmouth students protesting against privelige and oppression is so thick and rich Im gonna drizzle it over pancakes tomorrow morning. 

*borrowed some Patton Oswalt for that one
Here is some quotes from what these protesters said

&gt; “F– you, you filthy white f–-”

&gt;“f– you, you racist s–.”

&gt;“filthy white b–-”

&gt; “f– you and your comfort”

They also

&gt;“They confronted students who bore ‘symbols of oppression’ such as ‘gangster hats’ and Beats-brand headphones. The flood of demonstrators opened the doors of study spaces with students reviewing for exams. Those who tried to close their doors were harassed further. One student abandoned the study room and ran out of the library. The protesters followed her out of the library, shouting obscenities the whole way.”

These BLM protesters seem like bullies.

EDIT: Format
This makes me so angry. The people chanting were so eager just to go and stir up people. The one leading the chant seemed to be so enthusiastic by yelling...but why?

The tactic used by the BLM crowd seems to be shock &amp; awe. Lets yell, lets be aggressive and lets do anything to get attention *because that's good*. 

I'm not sure why they do it, it only hurts their movement and I really hope that anybody who looks back at themselves through a recording can see that they do look like fools.
You know who I would never hire? Any of these people. 
man white people trying to get an education, thats racist. 
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hate_crime_laws_in_the_United_States

Read the first paragraph on the Civil Rights Act of 1968. 
What a way to destroy a cause. 
Creating republican votes everywhere they go. 
I am at a loss for words. Students who have nothing to do with tensions of any kind are now victims of harassment. If there's any discrepancy of success between students in the library and those protesting the reasons should be obvious. 
Expel every single one of these "activists". 
Westboro Blacktist Church
Of course they disrupted people in a library, those attempting to actually accomplish something.

How appropriate.

With the "safe spaces" nonsense and this, it appears anti-intellectualism is the new trend at American universities. This still being the post enlightenment era, has no place. 

Progress over the feelings of irrational people. For fucks sake.
[removed]
"Pardon me, but this library is a safe space and you guys are being very aggressive and rude and making me feel unsafe."
Y'all...I'm an old brother going back to school and you're giving me a headache.

Remember the words of who Cornel West called "The Radical King":

&gt; We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools

MLK wasn't a radical because he screamed at every white person he saw. He was a radical because his message was radical, and his commitment to love was radical. Why does it feel like we forgot who he was? Why does it feel like we remember the struggle but forgot the fight? We gotta do better, y'all.

If we're gonna get anything done this has gotta stop. We wont scream out into justice. It feels good for a moment but I promise it will hurt for much longer. Dr. King's words were as much a call for revolution then as they are an admonishment for us today in his legacy to continue his work.

I'm tired of reading these stories giving hate filled people an excuse to not listen to us.  We have to do better. 

Do better. I challenge you as much as I challenge myself not to get wrapped up in the hatred and bigotry that would be used to keep me down.  Come on. Do better. 

Please? For all of our sakes, but more importantly for the sake of this movement.  

Yes, challenge systematic and institutionalized racism, but this? This is making enemies, this is stabbing your allies in their chests, backs not even turned. You're killing them, you're killing us, you're killing me smalls. 

DO BETTER. 
As a black person, I'm just so tired of Black Lives Matter protesting the wrong damn thing.  It's like they wake up and say, "hey, let's go do the complete opposite for our cause".  

I've tried to engage in dialogue with many of them, but most of them don't care a damn thing about having a real conversation that can help stimulate social change and new policy.  In my interactions, I've been talked down to, called "white", and not knowing the history of my people (keep in mind my dad literally taught African American history at a university lol).  I cite references from African American scholars and intellectuals like DuBois, Booker T. Washington, Kelly Miller, Frederick Douglass, MLK, Malcolm X and they look at me like I'm crazy.  

I've told them pointblank you're alienating potential allies by doing crazy shit like this and I'm greeted with responses on how whites or other races can't be allies anyway.  Look, fucked up shit happened to blacks in this country, but you can't ignore the likes of John Brown and countless other abolitionists, whites/Jews that were involved in the civil rights movement and helped to create organizations like the NAACP, one of the founding members of the Black Panthers was an Asian and present day many people of various backgrounds are ( or were..) sympathetic to the history of blacks in this country.  After his return from Hajj, Malcolm X himself expressed regret in coldly dismissing a white female college student who ran off in tears after he told her she couldn't help.  

I used to care a lot about racism, generational poverty, crime, lack of education and infrastructure you see in our communities, but BLM consistently ignores these issues.  To be honest, it's made me question if police brutality is even that widespread of a thing, since it seems like every person they protest for have been actual criminals.  Not every single black person deserves a protest.  Some of them were actually violent people.  Rally around someone and something that actually does matter.

In the end, I just don't care anymore about BLM or their fake cause. All I can continue to do is work hard and hopefully be a positive role model for even just one black kid out there.
I'd have more respect for the BLM activists if they actually protested to the people who they have the issues with.  Why aren't these people out in front of a police station, or a politician's office?  I don't think that dude studying for his calculus exam was ever racist, or can do anything about the problems you're trying to "solve"....


[deleted]
This is not free speech. This is harassment. All of them should be expelled.
So what is it going to take to classify this group as a hate group?  
What a bunch of racist bigots. Fuck BLM. 
What are these protesters majors? I was Comp Sci and I didn't have time to use the bathroom let alone go protesting. 
As a white guy who couldn't afford to go to college at their age, fuck everything about these people. They should be grateful they are so fortunate. 
http://www.dartmouth.edu/~president/

^ This is the President of Dartmouth, demand that he address the racial attacks or resign immediately.
'~~Black Lives Matters protesters~~ racists berate white students studying at Dartmouth library'
If you have to go on national television or do this type of shit just to convince people that you matter, maybe you don't really matter. 
These black racist protesters and their protests should just be retitled "Only Black Lives Matter" already because that's what we're seeing over and over again regardless their "equality" propagandist narrative.
holy shit...

my university president is getting weirded out by this stuff, so he sent out a desperate email to try to stem the tide and keep this from happening on our campus.

what did he point to?  all freshman had to take a seminar on "identity, privilege, and social justice."   holy shit.  does he not realize that these types of seminars are creating the false sense of oppression that is leading to these types of confrontations?

teaching black students at one of the most exclusive universities on the planet that they are somehow oppressed is just playing into their game.


you know, i was thinking about going back to college and getting a degree but these welding fumes seem more appealing then dealing with what college has become
Black Lives Matter is pathetic. They have a legitimate cause but are going about their movement all wrong. They should be mirroring the civil rights movement instead of just being a public nuisance.

They think disrupting students trying to study in a library is a legitimate protest? 
Hate to say it, but BLM are starting to seem like bullies... 
Black rice platter! Black rice platter! Black rice platter! Black rice platter! Black rice platter! Black rice platter! Black rice platter! Black rice platter!
What would happen, or should I say, what would the media report if the protest was being carried out by a group called White Lives Matter? The double standards are a joke. And I agree with the previous comments about BLM going about it the wrong way. We had a saying growing up in Brooklyn...You Were Right Until You Made Yourself Wrong. 
It's not racial privilege you dumb cunts, its called working your ass off to get into a good college! How about instead of acting like fools, you stay home and open a fucking book!
That's a sweet story when you go back to school though. "Oh, NBD, just a little case of the bubonic plague."

Source: Had scarlet fever in high school
Shit still happens every once in a while. It's not the bogeyman it used to be. Nothing to fear here.
Portland hipsters, man. They'll get anything to say they have that thing that no-one else does.
It's rare, but it's not *that* rare. There are, on average, seven human cases reported each year in the US. 

http://www.cdc.gov/plague/maps/

Edit: [15 cases of human plague this year, CDC says](http://www.cnn.com/2015/10/22/health/plague-cases-2015-cdc/), CNN, 10/22/2015. 
I love how symptoms are always exactly the same. Either I'm coming down with the Flu or I have the Bubonic Plague. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 
Well, the US did legalise gay marriage.
Can we take a moment and thank the docs who diagnosed this? I can't even imagine trying to figure that shit out.
[removed]
How do they know this shit.  Or do they know what intelligence agencies already know, but are just posting it?
Like the kkk governors awhile back?
Muhammad, Mohammad, Mahammad, Muhammed, Mohammed, Mahammed, Muhamad, Mohamad, Mahamad, Muhamed, Mohamed, Mahamed, and Bob.
There is No guarantee that the names belong to actual ISIS recruiters. It's hasteful actions like these that can get a lot of innocent people in trouble.

&gt; *"In the past a group took down the website of a moderate faction in Syria, apparently because the group used the word 'Islam' in its name."*
&gt;We do not forgive. We do not forget.

What happened to their campaign against Scientology? Was that forgotten already?
The FBI must hate this. 

It ruins any informers they might have among that list, as well as hurts any innocents that happen to be on that list as well.  And this is serious enough that they might have to go into witness protection because people will be threatening their lives. 

And theres nothing Anonymous can find out that the FBI cant. 
Guess he's going to be limping himself over to Sam's Club from now on.
What kind of sick fuck attacks a Costco employee?

That's like assaulting one of Santa's elves.
The legal system ins't here to give you the big payday you weren't capable of earning yourself.
You don't get to start a fight, lose, and claim injury. Of course if you push someone they can't just shoot you but I see nothing wrong here. Was this your first rodeo at Costco? Or any warehouse store? They always check receipts. 
I don't get why the customer wasnt charged with assault charges.
&gt; a 38-year-old Costco Wholesale shopper who ended up breaking his leg and racking up $100,000 in medical bills  
  
No matter how many times I hear about how expensive American healthcare is I'll never get used to it. $100,000 for a broken leg. Simply insane. Do you people live in constant fear of needing healthcare?
Sounds like 320lb man is used to pushing people around. Pushed the wrong dude that day. 
Good, now enjoy paying the corporate legal fees and any damages you caused
Do they even really check receipts though? Every time I get my receipt checked they just glance at my cart and swipe their sharpie. Takes literally 2 seconds, there's no way they actually check everything. 
"Hello babies. Welcome to Earth. It's hot in the summer and cold in the winter. It's round and wet and crowded. On the outside, babies, you've got a hundred years here. There's only one rule that I know of, babies god damn it, you've got to be kind."

Kurt Vonnegut

"who ended up breaking his leg and racking up $100,000 in medical bills”  This is the real crime here. How is this evening possible ?
As a former Costco employee I'm so happy with the verdict.    I did check receipt and it was a nightmare.  People were rude and would intentionally roll their cart on my feet all the time.  (I wore my steel boots on week ends because of this).   They don't check for thieves, they check for mistakes.   It takes a minute, get over it.

I have met terrible people in my life but some of the Costco members are just horrible. (and I worked 20 years in customer service)  There I have been screamed at, pushed, grabbed and even had things thrown at me.   Some people have just no manners, they are like animals.   

I'm so happy to not be working there anymore.  I hate this place, I will never be a member.  

If /r/fatpeoplehate was still a thing they would be all over this.  
They'll be sorry when they get raptured and find there's an exam to get into heaven.
I don't understand why people do this to their children. Even if a rapture thing were happening,  wouldn't you want to show your God that you raised educated children? I don't get it. I have a one-year old and her future education is literally the most important thing to me behind food and keeping her safe.
These people are mentally ill and abusing their children.  

&gt;Where do religious liberty and parental rights to educate one's own children stop and obligations to ensure home-schooled students ever actually learn something begin?  

Religious liberties end when you stop educating your child and don't even try to prepare him/her for adult life.  

Getting real tired of idiots in this country doing terrible things and hiding under religious freedom.
I know plenty of people who have been home schooled and are fine. Know what they have in common? They all approached home schooling as if they were in college, adhered to state standards, and didn't do so for religious reasons. They did it to gain control of their own education. Good homeschooling puts the kids in control.

The problem is religious home schooling, and any other kind of homeschooling where parents abusively use it as a way to indoctrinate their children (or use them as labor).
Homeschooling is one of those things that can either be awesome, or absolutely dreadful.

Edit: just to add a little context. I was homeschooled and (in my opinion) turned out fine. Most of my homeschooled friends have done very well in college, however I did know a couple of families that taught all sorts of young earth bullshit.
They have a phrase for this. These people are "american taliban"
&gt;We reviewed the case. We didn't find any violations of policy.

Their policy allows for slamming a blind mans head against a counter.  What is really disappointing is that the police feel absolutely no remorse in this case.
If taxpayers keep paying for hero cop actions, nothing will ever change.

I hear the perp had a *cane.*
Police officers should carry individual insurance from private companies - like doctors.  The average cost of insurance could be covered by the department for which they work.  If they drop below the average, they get money back in their paycheck.  If they go over the average cost, then it comes out of their paycheck.

Proper insurance oversight would put this shit to bed really quickly.
"We didn't find any violations of policy."

Are they so willfully stupid as not to realize that $400,000 is an overwhelming indication that **your policy is wrong**
"We reviewed the case. We didn't find any violations of policy."

If they tolerate the bad apples, then they're all bad apples.
What kind of ill-informed monster slams a blind man's head into a counter? How else would you, if blind, verify that a man who claims to be a police officer is, indeed, a police officer?

The money is a start, but this guy has to be fired, at least.
And what happened to the police officer? A promotion, I wonder. Certainly didn't go to jail for assault, did he? If police officers aren't held accountable for their actions, this will not change. Making their employer paying out money won't do anything except make the rest of us taxpayers pay for his violent crime.  Just the cost of doing business, right, Denver? Except it's not "Denver" who pays, that money comes from the taxpayers there.  How about making the police officer pay the fine back? That might make them think twice before acting in a violent and destructive manner. 
The taxpayers have to pay $400,000 because the police don't know how to handle the blind with respect. Cool. 
So, you rape the girl, say she said yes, and SHE goes to jail?????
Someone should bring this to the UN Human Rights Council... Oh, wait...
Yup. Visited the UAE myself a little less than a year ago. 

Here is what happens according to some of the people living there: 

Emirate finds a girl, drugs her, and takes her out to the desert. 

Rapes her. 

LEAVES HER THERE. 

Girl somehow survives and then reports rape to Police. 

Police question Emirate about rape. 

Emirate denies raping the female. 

Police believe Emirate because he is an Emirate and their word is magical and regarded as higher than anyone else's word.   

Woman is taken into custody for admitting that she had sex outside of marriage. 

Oil prices remain unaffected by this event so nothing is changed. 
But the little psychopathic Saudi princes can do as they please, Zina or no.

I can't understand a culture that hates half of humanity so much.

I don't understand why these are not serious human rights violations and we end trade with...oh, never mind.  Oil.
I think I remember in a past thread many people trying to convince me at UAE is so progressive in womens' rights.
Hahahahahahaha the TSA stops nothing from getting onto planes and they get caught by their own incompetent friends despite knowing the system, how is this not in /rnottheonion
the war on drugs is a joke
Pretty sure the TSA has committed more crimes than they've stopped.  (catching someone with some weed doesn't count)
America needs **more** cocaine. Seriously, remember the malaise of the 1970's? Yea, everyone was smoking weed and had an IDGAF attitude. Along came cocaine in the 1980's and productivity shot through the roof. Cocaine completely turned the American economy around, built Miami Florida and fully financed part of our government.

Get America working again. Less pot/more cocaine.
Any budget cut nowadays that you can get a Republican and a Democrat to agree on has got to be a cesspool of waste.
&gt;At a price tag of $9 billion over the past 10 years, Duncan called the program “ineffective” and “irrelevant.”

Did they really expect that much of an investment to ever be worth $9 billion?
I would probably have a drinking problem, too, if my job was to sit on a damn plane every day.
Submitting resume immediately.
I like how in the article some agents caught shit for setting up booty calls. If I was flying around the country all day I'd do the same thing. 
Five years as a flight attendant and never once was an air marshal in first class. They're some of the nicest passengers though. And definitely bored as fuck.
Wow, lining up girls to sleep with after work, real scandal. 
A friend of mine spotted the Air Marshall on his flight the other day (gun poked out while he was leaning into the cockpit to speak to the pilot). He later saw him fall asleep half way through the flight.

EDIT: it's been pointed out to me that other agencies (FBI) may also fly armed and it might not have been a Marshall that fell asleep.
They spent $225,000/air marshal/year. End this waste.
&gt;Some reports, however, have suggested that the mage has not been completely removed and is, instead, being moderated by Facebook.

Holy fucking shit, when did Facebook get the power to moderate mages? #MageLivesMatter
The post title is a lie. The "White Student Union" only exists on Facebook as far as we know.
[it's on!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N1D4Xz-3YE4)
**This letter was sent out to all the students from the administration:**

"Dear Members of the Campus Community, Yesterday, someone created a Facebook page designed to intimidate students who attended the Black Student Solidarity Rally on the Quad. Along with many of you, we immediately reached out to Facebook and asked for the page to be removed. Within three hours, the site was down. Additional versions of the site have been created and subsequently removed. We will continue to voice our concern to Facebook, if the site resurfaces. That anyone on our campus would think it’s appropriate to create such a site is extremely disturbing. We recognize the right to free speech, and we encourage you to exercise that right when you see examples of racism, discrimination or intimidation on our campus. The site called for monitoring African American students, and some students are telling us they now feel unsafe. We must have a safe environment for everyone – where people can gather and express concerns without fear; where we can build understanding by truly listening to each other; and where we can benefit from the ideas, talents and perspectives of everyone in our Illinois community. We are committed to working harder to build a culture of respect and community.

 Barbara Wilson Interim Chancellor 
Edward Feser Interim Provost 
Renee Romano Vice Chancellor for Student Affairs"

Edit: Here's a pic of it: https://i.imgur.com/G5h79pz.png
How the fuck did we get to this point?
Why are race student unions even a thing?
I feel like we went back 50 years! what the hell is happening?
The war on drugs saw more drugs on the streets, the war on terror created more terrorists in the world and the war on racism has created more racists- on both sides.
Well we all saw the video of the black lives matter kids going into the library chanting and marching in the study areas. We saw them confront some students who were not happy to have their study interfered with. If I'm studying in the library and harassed you better believe I'd be angry so I can understand the backlash that's happening. 
Sources say it's being headed up by Clayton Bigsby
Have you people seen what these black student groups are posting? Replace black with white in their content and people would lose their minds. Racism is racism, no matter who is spewing out the hate.
Ugh here we go... The 80's and 90's and early 2000's we were making progress towards UNITY. Not we are moving towards divisiveness. Where everyone can cling to their racial or sexual identity as if that's all that makes you a person in this world.

*Edit
Because I keep hearing people going "But there was racism back in the 80's and 90's. Well yes, of course there was. And still is. My point is that the SOLUTION for racism was tolerance, acceptance, and inclusion. The NEW solution seems to be intolerance and exclusivity. It's all about identity politics. My point was not that things were all kumbayah in the 90's.
This will be banned immediately as a "Hate-group" after the Black Student Union, Latino Student Union, and the Muslim Student Union form a protest.

Edit:  The best part about this whole ordeal, there is one member on the site and the member was created 2 weeks ago with the douchiest picture available on the internet(I mean this literally, reverse image the picture and all the titles say "Jersey Shore douchebags").  So this is either a False Flag or one big funny ass Troll account that got everyone.  

https://www.facebook.com/groups/557510841063876/members/

Edit 2:  It has been brought to my attention that this may not be the first page that was put up on Facebook.  
I'm here for the fights.
While misguided, it's hard to deny that BLM and other movements aren't specifically targeting white men. Whether or not if that's their policy, their less educated members are striking out as bullies based on race. 
I lived in Chambana for a few months recently, it's one of the most bizzaro places I've ever seen. It's a giant farming region mixed with a state university known for having the largest international student population in the country. Basically what you wind up with is country wannabes talking shit about conservative politics and hipster Asians missing a simpler time on the corn farm. For a small example, I bought a meal for a homeless person who fit some southern stereotypes. He turned down my free meal down because he was vegetarian. 
About time.

As a hispanic minority, I support that all races have proper support to defend themselves.


These BLM protestors are just a bunch of racists.

Sadly, their ideas are spewing into the liberal side of schools. I'm tired of hearing the word "privilege"

White privilege 

Male privilege 

Hetero privilege

Bunch of people crying and blaming others for their failures. I'm glad these are just electives and I'm not a sociology or liberal arts major 


All of these groups should be banned.

But until they are, there should be white groups so that white voices can be heard. You can't support black/hispanic/asian groups, and then claim a white group is racist. 
I've been joking for years that I should form a White Student Organization at my high school. My school is about 55% Hispanic, 20% White, 19% Asian, and 6% Black. We already have the Hispanic Student Society, The Asian Student Alliance, The Japanese Club, the Black Student Union, Feminism Club, and a LGBT group.  
With all the black hate groups gaining steam over the past year or two this is only a natural reaction. 
Black lives matter is a hate group. 
&gt;Huntsman is from Fairfield. He has apologized and said he isn't the same man he was at the time of the accident.

Well yeah. At the time of the accident he had a decent job with future benefits. Now he's presumably unemployed, has a record, and no benefits. Choices people!
&gt;Huntsman stole $3,700 and a gold crucifix from John Scalesse as he lay dying after crashing his motorcycle on the Merritt Parkway in Fairfield in 2012

_________

The money's bad enough but stealing a dying man's crucifix is pretty damn low. Regardless of your stance on religion, it mattered to Mr Scalesse (and I'm sure his family)
"A 2008 law allows the state to revoke the pensions of state or municipal officials convicted of crimes related to their jobs."

This legislation should be in every municipality, county, and state. And, it should not be optional - convicted of a crime - pension gone automatically.
An actual cop getting some semblance of justice?  Is this the Onion?
&gt;He said the decision to end the orca shows in California was in direct response to customers, who he said had made it clear that they want less of a theatrical experience and would rather see the whales in a more natural setting. Attendance at the San Diego park is falling fast. Visitor numbers dropped 17% last year to 3.8 million, according to city authorities, and Manby warned investors last week that numbers are still falling and would contribute to a $10m hit to SeaWorld’s profits this year.

&gt;The orca whale theatrical performances will continue at SeaWorld’s other killer whale parks in San Antonio, Texas, and Orlando, Florida.

They aren't getting rid of the orca or even stopping the theatrical performances elsewhere. 
Misleading title.  They still will have killer whale shows.  Each killer whale show is scripted and they change them every 5 years or so. That's all it is.  They are just replacing the current killer whale show with another one.  The dialog, the tricks, the music, and the graphics. Like they have been doing since the beginning.
Next stop Miami! The Miami sea aquarium has a disgrace of a facility for an Orca 
“an all new orca experience focused on the natural environment [of the whales]”.

Like...the fucking ocean?  Hmmmm....
That number is shockingly low. 
I don't care about money, I just want to live at least an adequately comfortable life. Just a fucking apartment and some internet and food. But nope, I don't make enough money and I'm worthless to employers.
Money is the only thing I ever think about. It's a legit problem for me, I've spoken to my therapist about it. I can't overcome it. It's crippling for me.

I'm a freelancer, have been since 2007. Even when things are going well, money is the only thing on my mind. It's literally the only thing I think about it.

I obsess ad-nauseam about my bank balance, bills that are due, what money is coming in next, what money might not come in next, what I need to do to make more money. I check my bank balance multiple times a day because I'm afraid something's going to happen to it.

It's absolutely crippling and it ruins my days. It puts me in a bad mood and I take it out on people, it makes me not enjoy life.

I've come to think that the only way I'll ever be happy in life is if I win the lotto and money becomes something I don't need to worry about anymore.

I can't handle it. Life sucks.
The rest have accepted that they have no money so they are no longer stressed about it
Well seeing how many graduate from college and are immediately thrown into debilitating debt, this seems spot on. 
Gen X (1980) here:

Don't let the high cost of living in LA fool you into dismissing this - it's not LA that's the main factor here, it's that my generation and the generations before mine have failed millennials on almost every turn. It's tough to admit, but we sort of shit the bed and let the baby boomers fuck over the millennials to an unprecedented degree. We're slowly working our way back into things after being...pretty disengaged, so hopefully there's some amount of improvement on the horizon as Gen X and Millennials come into a larger position of power. 
I love how people talk shit on millenials, not realizing that the highly competitive honors class a millenial takes in high school, could've been a college course 20, even 10 years ago.  So don't call us lazy.  We didn't fuck things up.  We just want the same chance the older generation had.
Millennial reporting in. Almost all of my peers are struggling to find a good paying job and desperately clinging on to whatever small sum of money they can get. A close friend of mine whom I've known since childhood has been having an especially tough time; he was laid off completely out of the blue and has had no luck finding another job, despite his best efforts. Before that, he was barely making enough to get by so his savings quickly ran dry. I know these things happen in all stages of life and that he's lucky he doesn't have a family to support... Still, it's hard to watch many of my friends deal with the same shitty situation.  
  
I'm very thankful, at the risk of sounding pompous, my brilliant mother convinced me to learn programming at the young age of 10. I stuck with it, and now I'm employed full time with my own home and a fiance. Needless to say, I am a lucky man.
I love how most people in threads like this are like "living in a major city is more expensive" living anywhere is expensive. No one pays people shit these days 

Edit: 

I should add. The cost of living and rent is going up while wages are stagnating. So yeah we're stressed out 
What my short life has taught me thus far is that money is the only thing that matters. Forget family, country, religion, whatever god or morality, just make as much money as you can and you can do pretty much whatever you want.
As a teacher in California, this has been common knowledge among teachers since I've been in the profession (5 years now). Districts also like to hire new and inexperienced teachers rather than veteran teachers because they command a much lower salary. They don't care that the students under their care will get a newbie instead of an experienced teacher, they care about saving money.

We had a 38 year veteran and teacher of the year in our district who was run out because she commanded such a large salary. That, and she advocated for new teacher support (something that would have cost the district money). 

As far as this lawsuit goes, if the allegations are even slightly true, someone at LA Unified will go to jail. It hurts kids, it hurts teachers, and it hurts the community. It's nonsense.
This is why we have teacher shortages in this country. Even ten years ago, education was seen as a stable career for college students who were just interested in learning and giving back to their communities. 

Now in addition to being a relatively thankless job, people go into the profession knowing that it is an unstable job market with a lot of turnover. 

It is no wonder that young people choose to take other jobs. [Source](http://www.theatlantic.com/education/archive/2015/09/americas-teaching-force-by-the-numbers/404590/)
This is absolutely true. They did it to my mother. They have administrators come into the classroom to observe their teaching, and all the reviews are negative. They make ridiculous false accusations. 

Once time they criticized my mother for not covering a lesson topic, when she covered it the day before. Then she had to spend the time to address those false accusations in another report. 

Do you think he put his pinky to the corner of his mouth when he told them how much the lawsuit was for? 
Pensions (or any type of deferred compensation) should be illegal for anyone not allowed to print money - only the federal government.  If you want to promise someone something, it had better be in a guaranteed account waiting for them).

Don't promise people money in the future that you may or may not have, give them the money when they earn it.   If you want to require it go directly into a retirement account, fine, but don't play money games with people's futures.  No more lawsuits, no more running out of money, no more going out of business, no more bad investments by anyone other than the person responsible for their own money.
What do they know we don't?
Holy shit South Park was right.
Plot Twist: Trump actually wants to build the wall to keep them in so his hotels will have people to work housekeeping and landscaping.
There's a South Park episode about this called "The Last of the Meheecans" wherein more and more Mexicans leave and Americans realize they cannot keep up with their newfound menial labor tasks, creating a labor shortage and damaging the U.S. economy.
I have friends who emigrated from Mexico and parts of South America hoping for a better life. They left in the 80s and 90s to come here. Well, they're now looking to move back home because things for middle and lower middle class isn't any better. In fact, most of them are self employed doing manual labor jobs, the ACA is actually costing them more out of pocket for the last two years. 
One of the most irritating aspects of the immigration debate among Republicans is the back and forth about the utility/costs/morality of deporting 12 million people. All we would need to do is impose incredibly expensive fines on employers who hire illegals....and the jobs would dry up quickly and many of the illegals would eventually SELF-Deport. But I guess that makes too much sense to enter the political discourse.
The economy has sucked for the middle and lower classes, might as well say the middle class is gone and your either rich or poor.  Things have been getting worse with time, with jobs dissappearing and what jobs are around give you no hours, little pay, but three times as much work.  Everyone I know works two jobs to support their families, which adds to less jobs around.  I have half joked that I should just liquidate everything and move to a cheap country to live, because the US has been heading down the shitter and has only been getting worse and not better with time.  I can actually see a flip in the future where US citizens sneaking to other countries, if not for a better life, at least an affordable one.
Next on FoxNews: "Immigrants are taking US jobs and leaving with them!" 
VIDEO[nsfw]:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1dVDsjbIqd4
In case anyone isn't certain from the video, [this is the point at which the first shot is heard.](https://i.imgur.com/B2BPRFB.jpg)  He was absolutely in no way in any danger of being run over.  He shot the kid point blank through the drivers side window, not the windshield because he was already clear of the cars path when he decided to fucking execute the kid.
You can watch the video. The cop blatantly kills the teenager for trying to drive away. He was never in any danger himself. No charges. It's caught right on video and there's no charges.

All over a couple grams of weed.
FTA:

&gt;  Tiller has said through his lawyer that he thought Hammond was threatening to run him over and fired twice to protect himself. Hammond's family said a private autopsy showed the teen was shot in the side and the back, proving the threat had passed.

&gt; City lawyers have said the shooting was justified and that Tiller shot Hammond in self-defense.

&gt; Hammond's family says Tiller threated to blow Hammond's head off. The officer's attorneys deny that.

&gt; Lawyer Eric Bland has said the family talked to the woman in the car, looked at private surveillance camera footage and did the private autopsy.

&gt; The family's lawsuit says that after paramedics determined Hammond was dead, his body was left for 90 minutes on the ground, where it was bitten and stung by ants. A second officer gave the lifeless teen's body a high-five sometime after other investigators arrived, according to the lawsuit.

&gt; In legal papers, lawyers have acknowledged that the second officer may have said something about inappropriate contact with Hammond's body.

Poor kid. May he rest in peace and may his parents continue to fight until justice is served. 
1. ~~Plainclothes cop~~ Cop not in traditional uniform approaches vehicle with pistol drawn
2. Teen freaks out
3. Cop steps parallel to a moving vehicle, claims his life was in danger
4. Cop executes teen
5. Teen's corpse disrespected
6. No charges filed.

LOL. There is no justice in this country. It's up to the community to make its own. 
The fact this thug isn't charged with murder is perfect example of why we need massive reform.
Gee what a coincidence that yesterday was 3 months to the day that Zachary Hammond was murdered and the prosecutor announces she isn't filing charges. I knew she wasn't going to file charges. Finally after looking at the video I am convinced Officer Tiller was in no danger. He fired after the car passed him. He fired to stop someone from fleeing, not because he feared for his life. Doubtful the feds will charge him either, but I do hope there is some justice for Zachary. 
America, where you can be shot over weed.
At this point, nothing the police can do will make me trust them. I just hope everyday that I don't have an interaction with a cop. 
Police corruption affects everyone.
This all started over pot. Jesus christ what the fuck is wrong with everyone
Its okay they mentioned a small amount of marijuana. This wasnt a human being that was murdered in cold blood, this was the police defending the community against a drug addled criminal. 

Nothing to see here, move along folks. 
Another victim of the senseless "war on drugs".  A fucking sting operation.  
It sounds like South Carolina has a Police problem.
For. Fucking. Weed. I don't smoke it but this is ridiculous. 
All the officers present at the scene of this murder deserve to be in prison. The cop who actually shot the innocent kid deserves to be in prison for life and the rest of the cops that were present should be given sentences in prison ranging in severity depending on what level their involvement was. 
Justice must be served. Some of these cops need to go to prison. 

If you're an aspiring murderer in the USA just become a cop! Then you can shoot whomever you want, in broad daylight, in public, and then the city pays off their family out of taxpayer money (if at all). 

You are pretty much unaccountable, plus the other murderers in the police force will all look out for you and hi5 your corpses and help you plant drugs in peoples cars and beat up minorities and other great fun cop stuff! 

Just don't tell anyone about it because its secret, and you have to pretend you're there to serve and....uh.... Something else, I can't remember, its not important.  
Police body cameras should become a universal thing
So they knew the alarm was turned off due to construction. Inside job maybe?
Everyone is saying ISIS and Mexican Cartel. I am going to tell you the truth. 10/10 inside job. Almost always an inside job when an Arms Room is burgled. 
"Wait, so you are telling me that more than a dozen guns were stolen? How many more?"    
"Well... *coughs* Thirty three hundred."    
"Son, are you telling me that we lost thirty three hundred guns?"    
"No sir! We lost thirty three hundred and twelve!"    
Inside job. My old armory when I was in the reserves was guarded 24/7. Suffice it to say the entire chain of command will be fired and careers will be ended and some going to jail because of this. 
I taught a class at a college ROTC on the M2 they kept the weapons in an armory that was less secure than the actual school. I was mind blown.
Seems strange. Most pistols I ever used in service were shoot too shit and there's really not much difference between issue M4s and what you can buy/build beyond the 3 rd burst/auto feature. 

Seems like assuming a big risk dealing with seriously hot guns when finding equally capable  but legal guns. 

I wonder if "long guns" is code for 249s/240s. Now those could find willing buyers with cash down "South"....
Fallout 4 is leaking into the real world. 
A convenient and vague story that spends more time talking about the past Cecil issue than itself. This leads me to doubt that it's even true.
A lion would kill anyone, unarmed or armed. 
Stupid ass headline. Lions arent trying to turn the tables on anyone.... They just kill. Theyre killers. It is what they do.
So is the post about a killed hunter or Cecil?
Welcome to r/news. Today's lead story is:


Lion Acts Like Lion (more on page 4)
Reality headline "Lion see's food, eats it".
Is no one else bothered by the fact that this website's design is so fucking horrible? There is a hyperlink spaced into the story after EVERY SINGLE PARAGRAPH. What happened to sidebars? This is ridiculous

"Is this the Heimlich?"  
  
"No, this is Patrick."
[World of Warcraft helped this boy save himself and his sister from a moose attack.](https://www.nextnature.net/2010/05/norwegian-boy-saves-sister-from-moose-attack-with-world-of-warcraft-skills/) 
First walking dead saves a person with a gun shot wound, now Sponge Bob is saving people via the heimlich!  Brb, off to watch more tv so I can learn how to save someone's life.  
[NY Times article with some info.](http://www.nytimes.com/aponline/2015/11/06/us/ap-us-autistic-boy-heimlich.html)
 
Also, I want to point out that this story is tailor-made for reddit.  
Heroism.  
 
Autistic kid.
 
Spongebob.  
Why is it relevant that he has autism? Feels kinda click batey
"These are people too, so stop getting in their personal space ^as ^I ^violate ^yours ^and ^push ^and ^shove ^at ^you. "

Lolz.


Does the first amendment not mean anything to these people??? I feel like I'm taking fucking crazy pills. How the fuck can they deny someone the right to film them or cover their protests if it's in a fucking public space? The glaring idiocy is making my fucking head hurt. 
What a complete shitshow. I don't even know where to start talking about how screwed up this whole thing is. All because somebody got some shit yelled at them out of a car window?
Tim Tai should also seek to press charges against Janna Basler who popped him in the face, but he won't because he's wisely playing it cool to help his career.
Wait, that was a fucking professor?
&gt;She said she felt that she and the students were being aggressed  upon.

"Me and the angry mob that I was leading felt threatened by two people who we were intimidating with violence!  Since then, many people have told me that what I did was wrong!  I'm the victim here!"

Bitch.
&gt;"She said she felt threatened by (Schierbecker)," Thorson said in an interview. "I asked, 'Did you push him?' She said that she didn't remember, that she thought she held up her hand. She said she felt that she and the students were being aggressed  upon."

L-o-fucking-l. She walks up to him, bats his camera, "You need to get out," "Can I get some muscle over here?" She gives a trite apology the reporter isn't satisfied with, and justifies the whole thing by saying she felt that *she* was the one being "aggressed upon." Not to mention trying to make it seem like she had the safety of students in mind, when the nearest students were fifteen feet away.

Speaking for someone else like you know what's good for them better than they do? Seems pretty... *privileged*.
he should also contact a lawyer about filing a first amendment lawsuit. There are federal statutes that award damages to people who've had their free speech suppressed by government actors, which Mrs. Click would probably fall into
This whole thing is hilarious.  The protesters want "personal space"  for the squatters and are there for attention.  (thats what a protest is) but want to deny a reporter his right to free press?  Then it turns into a childish "i have the bigger rights here"  debate.  So the roporter stands his ground so the protesters move forward in a herd.  I think i heard ".. And we have the right to move forward".  Thats when i lost it.  

These campus protests have little to do with the real world. 
Drunk on the first power she has ever had in her life.
She should be jailed for that honestly. She was actively attempting to facilitate an assault.


The Mizzou dean and chancellor resigned extremely quickly based on vague allegations of inaction. Meanwhile this assistant professor - who is caught *on video* directly violating the first-amendment rights of a student, and assaulting him, really - still has the gall to draw a paycheck. Unbelievable. 
She also led/fed the crowd in harassing the photojournalist throughout the first part of the tape. 

She's the one shouting "You need to back up if you're with the media! You need to back up! You need to back up! Respect the students! Back up! They have asked you to respect their space, move back! This is their time! Back up! They'll talk to you when they are ready. Do not let these folks in here! You need to step- Get out of here now! You need to go! Students, can you tell him how much you want him to go?"-Starts chants- "I can't hear you! Hey Hey! Ho Ho! Reporters have got to go!"


This woman is tumblr given form.
Sort of OT: 

&gt;"*She said she felt that she and the students were being* **aggressed** *upon*".
---

I have never heard a verb form of 'agressive' before.  Is this a real thing?

As a state employee on campus, there's an argument that her actions were a violation of his First Amendment rights by the state.  Plausibly, he could file against the university and state of Missouri, too.

She probably wasn't acting in her capacity as a professor, but naming the university and state would force them to either a) admit she was acting in her capacity (not going to happen!) or b) specifically note that she was acting outside of her capacity.  Option b would be good for Mr. Tai.
*Justice boner intensifies*
He shouldn't even have to file the fucking complaint. The University should have shit canned this dumb cunt as soon as her actions were known. 

Public University. Thinks she will control media / student media. 

Fuck off to the real world where you wouldn't be able to keep yourself afloat. 

 People like this are a plague on our country. 
Good for him. Now let's hope that cowardly professor comes out of her safe space and does what's right - resign
Melissa Click is what happens when SJWs get power.
Lol, she is a faculty advisor for a campus publication called " The Maneater".  This whole story is starting to smell like a spoof.
"Professor Click, who is single..."
I think it's more impressive when Anonymous actually accomplishes something and then claims credit for it, rather than make the threats first.  I mean, if they can do something, great, but let's see that first.  They should easily understand that online threats mean so little to people nowadays.
If they will help drain ISIS' bank accounts, I am all for it... I don't see how otherwise cyber attacks can affect their operations
Don't *threaten*, just *do*.  Talk is cheap.
Not the 72 virgins they expected...
So, are we talking about taking down a website (lame) or siphoning their bank accounts dry and publishing their GPS coordinates (useful)?
Hold my beer... wait, these guys will forget that promise as soon as they start playing Fallout 4.
Everyone in here is just making fun of Anonymous when all you're doing is making memes on the internet and changing your profile picture on Facebook. It's fucking ridiculous.

Anonymous actually can disrupt their operations as a lot of their recruitment is done through social media and just like any major organization, they have paper trails and communications online. They also have serious coordination through Playstation, if anonymous can infiltrate that it would be a dramatic blow.
"whagarbbelll maffaflabba gaferblattadt"


-Vincent "Don Vito" Margera


July 3, 1956 - November 15, 2015
I'm shocked he was 59. He looks like he was 75.
His toenail falling off was the grossest thing I've ever seen on cable TV. RIP.
all those dildo slaps to the face from Bam caught up to him
He went to the abacus in the sky.
Let this be a lesson to everyone. No matter how well you take care of your body, death can come for any of us at any time.
Shit I thought he died like 10 years ago
My favoirte was when they trashed Jonny Knoxvilles hotel and car and Vito was laying in bed eating hotwings. RIP VITO 
Bam should be warned. Don Vito and Bam's dad are both in bad shape healthwise.
Rest in peace big guy, or as Don vito would say "argabghaghabaghabbabrgarghabragh"
Don't you understand? Deez boats taint made for the ocean, dubputaput in da river. 
Best episode in my opinion. When they build boats to go through the Delaware river. I think 
Don Vito was on my campus while I was in college to do some signings and promote something, probably a new season of Viva La Bam.  My buddy saw him just walking around campus by himself.  He stopped him and said "Don Vito!  Big fan, what are you doing here?" and he responded "Ibeen walkin round this damn campus in circles for hours.  Wheredahell is da damn bassetball court" (which I am assuming where he was going to do the signings)  
My buddy pointed him in the right direction and he waddled off mumbling angrily.  The story always made me laugh my ass off.
"It taint safe, Bam. The Brandywine doesn't go to the Delaware ocean". 

My friends and I used to get super stoned watching this show and we always died laughing at him. This is so sad. 

I know he made some poor choices in life but damn. 
Met him one time in MN and talked with him for a minute. Didn't understand a fucking word he said the whole time.
Omg at first glance I thought this said Danny DeVito had died, it was about to be a seriously dark day for me. 
One time my buddy Manny and I were at a local strip club and some dude was in VIP with all the good looking girls pretty much on his lap. We started bitching to each other after a pregnant stripper gets on stage in ripped boxer shorts and a wife beater. So we try to sit a little closer to VIP and we see this guy with a bucket of hot wings and all these girls and he's just getting hot sauce every where all over the girls, himself, the seats it's just a mess. The guy kicks over a bottle of liquor and starts bickering and making no sense. The second I heard his voice I knew that's mother fucking Don Vito covered in strippers and hot sauce at woody's in Iowa. I guess a few of them were filming stuff in town. RIP Don 
This is a recent photo of Vito from the PA sex offender registry. He really lost a considerable amount of weight. Almost didn't recognize him at first until I saw one of his alias names was "Don Vito".

http://www.homefacts.com/images/offenders/pennsylvania/thumb/12335.jpg
God damn it I loved Don Vito, the subtitles use to make me crack up.

*"bulwer ulheuh orwerrgoin gehheda!!!"*
The guy who grabbed a 12 year olds boob?
Bam seems to be taking the death of Ryan Dunn terribly. Got really fat, and fell back into addiction. I hope he's doing alright after losing another person so close to him. 

Whether he slapped the guy with dildos or not, he was his uncle.
it's so strange and unexpected considering the healthy lifestyle he lived 
There was an episode of Viva La Bam where he was flipping shit on Bam and his pals and said something along the lines of "you'jer dopes!"

I remember watching it with a buddy years ago, and us laughing our asses off at that particular line for some reason. It's been an inside joke between us ever since then. 

So thanks Vito, for those memories. And being one of the best parts of the show. 
Real talk: 

I feel sorry for this whole family. Bam is a mess of an grown up man still living out long gone antics, Don Vito was always a mess and had a thing for young girls and booze, and Bam's dad is slowly losing his health too. Not to mention Dunn who passed - drunk and stupid - and I don't mean that to be mean, I just want people to realize the truth behind these first tier reality shows. 

CKY and Jackass were all about self-destructing behavior in the name of entertainment. I enjoyed all of it when I was younger, but now that I approach 30 I start to realize how damaging all of shit the did to themselves really were. Steve-O - got sober, thank god, but I can barely bring myself to watch him in his past. 

Thoughts with all of this family and of course, regardless, they lost a loved one and I wish them the best. 
The radio host Ron Bennington (of 'Ron &amp; Fez' and 'Bennington') was a longtime friend of his and has tons of crazy stories about him. [Here's a story about him going into a drunken coma years ago](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U9-hIaKF0Is) 
Who will take custody of his skin tags? 
That's crazy news. I remember loving watching viva la bam and seeing him on there.
[Turns out that MTV personality Vincent 'Don Vito' Margera's lewd behavior was not limited to allegedly groping teenage girls during an autograph session last August in Colorado. A cop testified earlier this month that when she and her female partner busted the 50-year-old Margera, he called them 'psycho bitches' and claimed that he was being arrested because, 'you want me to lick your pussy later.' Margera, who was a regular on MTV's 'Viva La Bam' and appeared on 'Jackass,' both of which starred his nephew Bam, also remarked that, 'your pussy must be so tight you can't even smile,' recalled Melissa Mayne, a cop with the City of Lakewood Police. Mayne, her partner Jennifer Dougherty, and Detective Michelle Stone-Principato were the only witnesses during a February 1 preliminary hearing in Jefferson County District Court. During that court appearance, investigators provided the first details of the felony sexual assault case against Margera, who is being represented by Pamela Mackey, who successfully defended Kobe Bryant against rape charges. As detailed in the transcript excerpts you'll find on the following pages, Margera is facing charges that he touched the breasts and buttocks of three girls who attended a promotional event at a mall skate park. At the time of the incident, two of the alleged victims were 12 and a third girl was 14. A fourth girl, aged 14, denied to police that she was pawed by Margera, though Stone-Principato recovered a photo from the child's cell phone that was titled 'Don Vito Grabby Titty.' One of the younger girls told police that as she got Margera's autograph, he grabbed her breast and remarked, 'Big boob.' We've divided the hearing transcript into two parts. Below, you'll find Mayne's testimony on Margera's vulgar post-arrest statements. That is followed by Stone-Principato's testimony about her interviews with the young victims. Following the court hearing, a judge ruled that probable cause existed to try Margera on three counts of sexual assault on a child. A fourth count, involving the girl with the cell phone photo, was dismissed for insufficient evidence. Margera is scheduled for a March 5 arraignment.](http://www.thesmokinggun.com/documents/crime/don-vito-dirty-details)
Another video of the same thing: https://instagram.com/p/9USCrLCnDz/

Background from some kid who apparently was there (instagram again I guess?)

&gt;This is only part of it. But Ok like some may have seen but, I want to clear that he is not Racist she was asked to leave the class for telling the Teacher no she won't put up her phone. He wrote her up for being disrespectful and disobedient he asked her to leave the class she said"No" he called Administrator and he asked her to come with her she told him No. The asked her over and then told her if she doesn't he will call and office to take her out the room. When he arrives he asked her to get up 4 or 5 times she tells him No. He then moves the objects around him and while standing over her he asked one more time then tryed to pick her up but she started fight him. Then he used force to get hands behind her back.

Got this from the /r/bestofworldstar thread, can't find the source for the above quote though.
1)Remove cell phone from teenager

2) Hit cellphone repeatedly with hammer

3) Enjoy LESS of a lawsuit than current situation will lead to.

When I was a kid I was an asshole and there was a teacher that said something I didn't like. it escalated to the point that he said something along the lines of "take a shot if you think you're hard enough" and me being an idiot teenager and angry as shit took him up on that. When everything stopped spinning I was on the ground and his knee was on my throat. He let me up once I'd calmed down and I knew who was boss. Never held a grudge either, we got along after that.
  &gt;  "This most certainly is an issue of race" "To be thrown out of her seat as she was thrown, and dumped on the floor ... I don't ever recall a female student who is not of color (being treated this way). It doesn't affect white students," Randolph said.  
  
This is the kind of race-war-inciting bullshit that needs to stop.  White trash people DO get tackled and arrested by cops all the time.  Anyone who has lived in a lower-middle class community or gone to a lower-middle class public school can tell you this.   
  
I'm NOT saying the cop was in the right, but everything that happens to a black person is not automatically a fucking race issue.
  
I want to see a case brought up on behalf of the other girl arrested as well. Being slammed to the ground for texting in class is bad, but being arrested simply for decrying violence and abuse of power is fucked. 
The dude was fired today, too
[removed]
In my youth, quite some time ago, kids sometimes did stupid things. Somehow, beyond all odds, despite never being arrested or slammed to the floor, we all became good tax paying members of society. Well, except that one serial killer dude.
The deputy was fired.  Per the sheriff:

&gt;"The student was not allowing the teacher to teach and the students to learn. She was very disruptive, she was very disrespectful,” Lott said. “She started this.”

Furthermore...

&gt; “The maneuver that he used was not based on the training or was acceptable,” Lott said of Richland County Senior Deputy Ben Fields, who had worked as an officer at Spring Valley High School in Columbia for seven years. “That is not proper technique and should not be used in law enforcement.”

I wonder what the "proper" technique is for someone who isn't moving on her own volition?

[Source](http://www.latimes.com/nation/la-na-thrown-student-south-carolina-20151028-story.html)
Honest question - What was the cop supposed to do? The Teacher wrote her up and asked her to leave, and she said no. The School Administrator did the same thing, and she said no. Then they got the cop and she still repeatedly said "no" and clung to the desk. 

Obviously talking with her was going nowhere, if anything emboldening her. In this situation, what is a cop supposed to do? Please be specific, and not some non-sequitur "Something better than what he did".

I don't fully like what he did. But put into the same situation, I don't know if I would have done anything different. What would you do?
I work for a school. The whole discussion of race here is a red herring.

When students are old enough to be in high school, their personalities and minds are changing. You can't tell a teenager to do something in the same way you would tell an eight-year-old and just expect them to do it. You have to take the time to talk over the issue with them and help them understand for themselves why texting in class is hurting their long term chances to get as much as possible out of their education, graduate, get a good job, and take care of the kids they hope to have (or may already have).

The real question is: why are teachers and school resource officers using physical force, punishment, and legal intimidation to control student behavior?

The answer is that they feel terrified and backed into a corner by all this No Child Left Behind bullshit. If a student is ruining their own chance at a good future by not paying attention and doing their work, then the teacher easily can reach out with compassion and help the student get back on track, but *if the system is set up in a way that blames teachers for student misbehavior* (say, by firing teachers whose students don't score well on standardized tests), then that policy converts the student's off task misbehavior into a major personal attack on the teacher. They are costing their teacher his or her job by texting in class, and once students and teachers start to see each other as enemies rather than allies, all is lost.

All laws and policies that make teachers' jobs contingent upon student test performance need to be repealed immediately for the sake of teachers *and* students.
ITT: people have never disobeyed a teacher and if they did they admit they deserved being slammed on the floor by a cop at the time.
[deleted]
&gt; I don't ever recall a female student who is not of color (being treated this way). It doesn't affect white students," Randolph said.

Come on now, not everything has to be a race issue, sometimes idiots are just idiots.
Just throwing this out there from a guy who graduated in 1992...

We grew up in a society of knowing people. We knew who was what and what to expect of them. We didn't have a video to back up stories we just took the accumulated knowledge of what that person has done and passed judgement, as kids and teachers.

I was, I think, a freshman when I got absolutely destroyed by a teacher. It was a math class. I know I was at the front of the room to the side because I had been a little shit that day. I know I decided that ripping a loud fart would be funny as hell so I did so.

I have never seen a 40 some year overweight man move so fast. In a instant he had me by the throat and was dragging me to the door. My feet were doing a little tip-toe tap to try and keep up. My fear went to max level as he opened the door, threw me across the hall and then grabbed me by my collar and lifted me with one arm up above his head. I can't even recall what he said because I think a little pee ran down my leg. I then was hauled to the principal and got another ass chewing. My parents got a call but they really didn't care much at all and I didn't get a punishment. Just another ass chewing. ( my raising is a whole nother story)

I never, ever, fucked off in that class like that again. Holy shit he put the fear of god into me. He was one of the wrestling coaches and I tried out wrestling after that but it wasn't my thing. 

Years have passed, I graduated, he retired, I had him as a customer at my business for years until he passed away. We joked about the incident and I told him I deserved it. He said he may have went a little too far but was glad to see I made something of myself.

But that moment in math freshman year stuck with me.

I've got kids in middle school now. I've always wondered how I would react as a parent if my kid fucked off and had the same treatment I had by a teacher. I'm sure the school would flip shit over the teacher doing it, I'm sure my wife would also.

I'd think I would be pretty upset with my son, AND THE TEACHER....for not listening and learning from my stupid mistakes as a kid. A loooooong life of stupid mistakes through school. Holy shit I was a little fucking asshole.

I honestly think that ass kicking I got was a wake up call for me. I would really like to have seen this whole situation from the start of class to her being hauled out, and know her history as a student and kid to know. Could you imagine the shit storm that would occur if my story was in this day and age?
Okay, no one holds this obnoxious girl responsible even a little bit for this situation?  Why can't she just put her phone down?  She's not a child.  This isn't special ed.  She knows the classroom rules.  She disrupted the entire class because her text was more important than anyone else in the room. 
This quote from the student who filmed it struck me as sad: "When I saw what was going to happen, my immediate first thing to think was, let me get this on camera. This was going to be something..." 

The first thing the kid assumed when he saw a police officer was that he was going to see horribly inappropriate, newsworthy conduct *by the cop*. And he was right. 
Seriously, WTF ever happened to detention?


ETA: ITT - I lose faith in humanity. Seriously, people, what the fuck is wrong with you?
&gt;Police should guard doors to "stop the crazies from getting in these schools," Whitehead said, but "when you have police in the schools, you're going to run into this — having police do what teachers and parents should do."

How sad that one can feel *reasonably* less safe around the people who are meant to protect you from actual criminals.
Why do Police always escalate the situations? Why do they expect immediate compliance? If I did that to my dog, that would be abuse.
It's a nice gesture, but I can see muslims begin somewhat conflicted over this. 
You don't read that headline everyday. Waiting for them to start soup kitchens and community outreach programs. 
Fox News:  Muslims and Satan now working together!
If you read the Satanic bible you would see it is not all about worshiping the devil. It's more of a live and let live idea and an eye for an eye. I thought it was kind of funny. 
I feel like these modern satanist groups in the US don't actually worship Satan, but are really just trying to annoy Evangelical Christians--the kind of people who whine about the "war on Christmas" and lobby against gay marriage. 

EDIT: Grammar. Also, 'I feel like' means that I am very aware of the possibility of being wrong and am just making an educated guess.  
Can we stop with the Muslims afraid to leave their homes thing?  Everytime there is a terror attack we immediately start hearing about this backlash against Muslims and Twitter starts trending #illridewithyou as if it's suddenly unsafe to be Muslim in the west.

I'm an immigrant to the us from Egypt.  I'm not Muslim but anyone who doesn't know me things I am based on my appearance and my name.  I lived in the us south before during and after 9/11 and all the terror attacks since.  The only "backlash" I got was white people going out if their way to try and prove how non racist they are.

Yes you can find isolated incidents that make headlines as it's a big country but statistics best out that there are far more hate crimes against blacks, Jews and even whites than against Muslims.

This is an extremely tolerant country and Americans don't just lash out at minorites in my almost two decade experience in this country.  

So chill out.  No Muslims are afraid to leave their homes in Minneapolis.
The companies should be fined the total damages incurred by everyone in the area.
The company was alerted about the cracks many times over. The "accident" killed the river "Doce" and all its life. Brazillian Authorities are completely silent.

Here are some pictures of what the river has become:

http://imgur.com/a/ky06s

CEO's and other  company managers that claim the mud is not toxic should be forced to bath in it publicly and drink from the water.
Anybody wants to take a guess how long it takes before the woodlooging companies are given the go-ahead to completely deforest the area? Because this area is no longer suitable for any kind of live for the coming decades. Might as well take advantage right? This is not the first time mining and woodlogging companies have done this. Only at a much smaller scale. 
You can protect the forest all you want with laws etcetera but the big companies always find a way. 

edit:grammar
From the article:

&gt; In the months after Sept. 11, 2001, as U.S. security officials assessed the top targets for potential terrorist attacks, the small town of Cushing, Okla., received special attention. Even though it is home to fewer than 10,000 people, Cushing is the largest commercial oil storage hub in North America, second only in size to the U.S. government's Strategic Petroleum Reserve. The small town's giant tanks, some big enough to fit a Boeing 747 jetinside, were filled with around 10 million barrels of crude at the time, an obvious target for someone looking to disrupt America's economy and energy supply.

&gt; Now the massive oil stockpile faces an emerging threat: earthquakes. In the past month, a flurry of quakes have hit within a few miles of Cushing, rattling the town and its massive tanks. According to the Oklahoma Geological Survey, more than a dozen quakes have registered 3.0 or higher on the Richter scale within a few miles of Cushing since mid-September. The biggest, registering at 4.5, hit about three miles away on Oct. 10.

The article doesn’t mention what the seismic tolerance for the tanks are...

Edit:

I haven't been able to find the tanks' tolerance for earthquakes  although, this information may not be public record due to security concerns. 

[I did find this article in the NYT](http://mobile.nytimes.com/2015/10/15/us/new-concern-over-quakes-in-oklahoma-near-a-hub-of-us-oil.html?_r=0&amp;referer=http://okenergytoday.com/2015/10/scientists-fear-larger-quake-possible-at-cushing-oil-tank-farm/)

&gt; The Department of Homeland Security has gauged potential earthquake dangers to the hub and concluded that a quake equivalent to the record magnitude 5.7 could significantly damage the tanks. Dr. McNamara’s study concludes that recent earthquakes have increased stresses along two stretches of fault that could lead to quakes of that size.

&gt; Many scientists say the largest earthquake recorded in Oklahoma, a magnitude 5.7 temblor in 2011, was apparently unleashed by injected waste. Research suggests that the Cushing faults hold the potential for a quake as large as magnitude 6, Dr. McNamara said.
It is no small problem. The graph from [this website](http://earthquakes.ok.gov/what-we-know/earthquake-map/) shows how widespread these things are. The checkbox for waste water disposal wells makes Oklahoma look like it has leprosy.
Gotta love that capitalistic freedom of fucking everyone over for money, because that's what freedom means. (Sarcasm)
That's okay.  Corporations have already sucked all the profit out of the wells.  Now to just sucker the taxpayers for the clean-up.
In related news:

[America's largest mental hospital is a jail.](http://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2015/06/americas-largest-mental-hospital-is-a-jail/395012/)

Excerpt:

&gt;Between 1955 and 1998, the populations in state and county mental hospitals dropped from approximately 558,000 to fewer than 60,000. “The decline was even more dramatic if general population growth is taken into account,” wrote scholars Howard Goldman and Gerald Grob in their history of federal mental-health policy. “Had the proportion remained stable and the mix constant, mental hospitals would have had about 950,000 patients in 2000.”
I live near a high security psychiatric hospital. It houses murderers, rapists, and people who have committed lesser crimes. Possibly some people who aren't even criminal, but maybe a danger to themselves? The main point though is that it is a hospital, and not a prison. It sits under the NHS, rather than the prison service. Most people will be released once they are deemed to be in control of their mental health and no longer a danger to themselves or the public, presumably they don't go straight from high security to the public though. Some will be in there for life as they are far too dangerous to ever consider release. In theory though despite their crimes they all have the potential for release.
"the new reality"

Yet somehow "Oz" debuted on HBO in 1997 nearly twenty years ago. 
I think if you try and shoot somebody in the head you go from 'robber' to 'attempted murder'.
I love the media...the gunman tried to execute/murder the good Samaritan multiple times because he was a witness.  Doesn't succeed.  Is currently at large....

...media publicizes the witness's name,   education history, and other vital information...

...the person that has a motive to murder him is still at large.
What a fuck. It's one thing to rob someone at gunpoint but to  attempt an execution? For what? No good fucking reason that should happen.
This is a case where he should receive the punishment for murder even though the guy lived. I do not accept the premise that he should be punished less harshly, or is any less of a threat to the community because of luck.
Get this piece of shit off the streets. He belongs in a prison cell for the rest of his miserable existence. 
[removed]
So, I know this guy. We went to college together and I'm at tulane law now and he's at tulane med. He's an amazing individual. Unfortunately this kind of thing is far too common in New Orleans. 

[Edit] ok assholes. I know the dude who got shot. Not the shooter. Fucking reddit.
god dammit. I live a few blocks from that incident. My Girlfriend is already too scared to go out after dark. I gotta get out of this city. Maybe Northeast Pennsylvania or something...
Wow I can't even begin to imagine what was going through the victim's head in that moment
&gt;automatic weapon
    

That's not an automatic weapon. That's a Tec 9(pre-ban)
Protip. If you find yourself in a similar situation you should not stand with your hands up while a gun is pointed at you. You should run like hell. It is doubtful they are a great shot anyway.
Jam-O-Matic FTL.
I hope the shooter tries to run and winds up saving taxpayers some money when the cops do catch up with him.

NOLA is basically south africa at this point. 
From u/SOOOOUUP in r/medicalschool

 &gt; As a current 3rd year at Tulane, let me be the first to say how shaken up the entire student body is by this incident. After watching the (difficult) video multiple times this afternoon, it is easy how absolutely selfless Peter was in order to save a complete stranger's life. In short, Peter is a 4th year medical student who was shot in the abdomen last night after trying to intervene after seeing a woman be taken/drug down an alleyway by a suspicious man early this morning. After the initial shot, the suspect attempted to shoot Peter in the head twice but the gun subsequently malfunctioned and the perpetrator fled the scene shortly after. For those of you who haven't watched the security camera footage posted above, please know that the video is very hard to watch.

&gt; I truly believe that he saved that stranger's life who was likely bound to end up robbed, raped, and murdered. The articles have said he stopped an 'attempted robbery' but that woman was headed for a much worse fate had Peter not stopped to help. Say what you will about faith and luck, but someone was looking but for Peter last night when that assault rifle failed to discharge when he placed the gun to Peter's head. He put himself in a horribly dangerous situation and allowed a woman he didn't know escape from this thug. I am still having difficulty grasping the situation in it's entirety - it makes me sick to my stomach. While there is no denying that New Orleans isn't the safest city in the world, this situation occurred in a nice and 'safe' part of town. Peter is a really great guy and by all accounts a true hero.

&gt; Sparing too much detail, Peter is recovering now with upcoming surgery(-ies) scheduled to repair damage done. While currently in the ICU, he expected to recover fully. I ask that everyone keep Peter and his family in your thoughts as he heals from this horrific incident.

Edit- formatting to appear in quotes
Where are those idiots who were complaining that armed robbers are harmless and shouldn't be shot by concerned citizens
[removed]
That's some "Praise Jesus" shit  right there.
Where's the black lives matter people?
To anyone out there, ccw carrier or unarmed. The best fucking thing you can do is follow the car while on the phone with law enforcement telling them your every movement. You are not a hero and getting in a shootout will endanger your life and the person being abducted. 

I realise this awesome vigilant guy here probably was unaware the POS was armed, but my point still stands. If you see something like this call law enforcement immediately and follow at a distance. 
[removed]
Start by flooding this on the BLM twitter/facebook feed 
[removed]
Hey look a black guy shooting a white guy. Weird. I thought all white guys were evil racist fucks out to get blacks. Turns out...I was wrong. 
[removed]
&gt;Cox Communications carries the full complement of cable capacity. The company provides basic cable service to more than 6 million customers, including about 3 million digital cable subscribers and 3.5 million Internet access subscribers in about 20 states, making it one the largest US cable companies.

so, 3 million digital cable subscribers

6 million in damages

Congratulations, Cox customers who have paid monthly fees for cable boxes for years! You win.... 2 dollars.
I had Cox as my cable provider a few years back. I opted to use a Tivo box with a Cox cablecard simply because I liked Tivo's interface better. Cox forced me into renting a box called a tuning adapter, insisting this was the only way the Tivo box could work. Over the next few months my cable service would continuously go down, each time Cox would send out a tech it was always the Tivo boxes issue. I always suspected it was the tuning adapter having issues and when I would ask Cox about it they would deny and say it was the Tivo. Moved away after 1 yr, had Verizon Fios with the Tivo box ever since and haven't had an issue. This article/lawsuit confirms my suspicions about that tuning adapter box. 
Wonder if the FCC or a Federal Judge will ever pull their head of their asses and look at Comcast, TWC or AT&amp;T. 
Let me know when they actually get it
&gt;Reginald Gildersleeve.

Did he shoot the guy with a musket?

I admit that I misread the article. I regret nothing. 
Shooting an armed robber in the commission of a robbery is justified. Shooting at a fleeing shoplifter's car is reckless. That's not a difficult difference to see.
"A customer with a concealed carry license shot and killed an armed man attempting to rob a neighborhood store, Chicago police said Sunday.

A masked man walked into the store and currency exchange about 7 p.m. Saturday on the city's southwest side, displayed a handgun and announced a robbery to an employee, police spokesman Anthony Guglielmi said. The gunman next pointed his weapon at another employee and forced her to the back of the store.

The armed customer then fatally shot the man."
[deleted]
Isn't "Armed Gunman" redundant?
[His mugshot and arrest info](http://mugshots.com/US-Counties/Illinois/Cook-County-IL/Reginald-Gildersleeve.239925.html).

EDIT: 35 years in prison for no less than 10 felonies. Burglary, drug possession, forgery. Something tells me this guy had a hard time not committing crimes.
Here's a quote from the assailant's stepson:

"Some people don't actually know how to use guns," he said. "They go to firing ranges, but it's not the same as a bullet going into someone's body, it's not the same as a bullet going into flesh. They should be able to wound first, kill next. He didn't deserve to get shot multiple times.

"You just took a brother, you just took a father from a lot of people. Somebody's got to answer for that."

Apparently it's insanely simple to wound an assailant in specific areas of the body in an intense situation facing possible danger. Shame on the customer. /s

http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/local/breaking/ct-chicago-concealed-carry-20151101-story.html
For more stories like this check out /r/dgu
Gotta love that the author just had to put in a reference to another concealed carrier acting recklessly in another state just to try to remind people "Yeah, this person saved lives...BUT concealed carry is still reckless and dangerous and shouldn't be legal".  Even though there are an uncountable number of instances where concealed carry holders defend themselves or stop a crime without firing a shot, the author had to go looking for an incident of one doing something stupid just to take away from this person who saved lives 
Yo, I'm going to try and keep from showing my support here, but if you're going to argue in favor of against guns/gun control at least be respectful. Not every gun owner is a toothless nut, not every one who wants stricter laws is a scared reactionary liberal. These are people you're typing to. Be nice and maybe you guys can meet some middle ground.
How dare that distgusting man shoot and kill a poor downtrodden boy just trying to get some money to feed himself! /s
&gt;Last month, a Michigan woman with a concealed carry license shot at shoplifters fleeing a Detroit-area Home Depot store, flattening a tire of their SUV. No one was hurt, and the suspected shoplifters were arrested several days later. The woman faces up to 90 days in jail after pleading no contest to a charge of reckless discharge of a firearm. Two other shootings in which citizens fired at lawbreakers or potential lawbreakers also happened in September in Michigan.

Which is important to mention in this article because we cant talk about concealed carry without being negative about it, that might send the wrong message.

Edit: /s
I am a registered Democrat.  I think every person in Chicago should register to vote.   Then vote out of office every rabid anti-gun person in Government starting with Rhom Emanuel and his cronies!  I don't know why these people have so much pull in the Democrat Party but they need to go elsewhere or we need a new liberal party that actually represents the people not special interests.


I am a Democrat, and I think that these gun control kooks are disgusting. 
Stories like this make me so proud to be an American. Guns in the hands of law-abiding citizens contribute a huge net positive to our social welfare, regardless of how anyone "feels" about them. 
Let's pass more gun control laws. Surely the criminals will turn in their guns and high capacity clips, too! 
As a conceal carry permit holder myself, I would probably not interfere with an armed robbery, unless the armed robber started firing first. Just because you can kill someone, doesn't mean you should. Carrying a loaded gun is more responsibility than most people can handle.

Edit:

 As someone who has been through two tours of combat and recently retired from the military, I stand by my position. Especially if he was just there to rob. Taking a life for a couple hundred bucks is not justice.

 ["While the threatened use of violence pervades all armed robberies, most research demonstrates that the actual use of violence by offenders and serious (physical) injuries sustained by victims are relatively uncommon."] (http://www.aic.gov.au/publications/current%20series/tandi/321-340/tandi328.html) 

This person took a life and will have to live with that for a long time. The first life I took was in 1991, and it still haunts me. You cowboys out there that think killing people is some kind of game scare the shit out of me. I am an advocate when it comes to the second amendment, but I don't see eye to eye with a lot of you. Owning firearms and carrying firearms is a huge responsibility. For some of us it is even considered a burden. I carry because I have special training and experience that may someday come in handy, though I hope I never have to fire a shot at another human being as long as I live. 

Edit #2:

["Several law enforcement sources said Gildersleeve had been holding a toy gun, and one source said it was a paintball gun."] (http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/local/breaking/ct-chicago-concealed-carry-20151101-story.html)

Again, proper training could have saved a life. My thoughts and prayers are with the customer who killed a man. 


The odds that the NSA ignores them is pretty high.
Praise the lord, now i can go back to shamelessly watching Japanese eel porn without being called a pervert by the Government.
It's worth noting that this bill explicitly permits warrantless Stingray surveillance under a number of conditions. One of those conditions is permission from the court--FISA--that authorized suspiciousness mass surveillance.Like USA Freedom, this prevents some flagrant abuses but explicitly allows other abuses.

(pdf warning) http://chaffetz.house.gov/sites/chaffetz.house.gov/files/Cell%20Site%20Simulator%20Bill.pdf

The list of exceptions starts on page 2 line 16. The FISA bit starts page 2 line 24.
Doesnt this already exist? It's called the fourth amendment. What can this do that a fucking article from the godamn bill of rights cant?
This is exactly the kind of thing the Reddit community should throw all of it's weight behind. Killing CISA and getting this bill to a vote should be *way* up there on any activist's list.  
  
Call those Reps... I'll be calling mine.
The CBS article gives much more information; the son was shot ~5 times whereas the father was only shot twice out of 18 total rounds fired. This is heartbreaking...
From the article:

&gt; A lawyer says body camera video shows the father of a 6-year-old autistic boy who was shot to death in his car had his hands in the air and did not pose a threat before police opened fire last week. 

I feel like this article is insufficient on details, though. [The event was recorded](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/louisiana-police-shooting-video-arrests-norris-greenhouse-jr-derrick-stafford/). The head of the Louisiana State Police says a video of the shooting is one of the most disturbing things he's ever seen. 
&gt;A lawyer says **body camera video shows** the father of a 6-year-old autistic boy who was shot to death in his car had his hands in the air and did not pose a threat before police opened fire last week


amazing what these things can do
As suspected, it was an execution disguised as a 'life threatening scenario.'  This sick fuck had a personal vendetta with the victim and he was damn well going to make him pay for not pulling over immediately.  I have a feeling the only reason this guy is going to jail for murder is because a jury can't excuse his behavior when it resulted in the death of an innocent child.  
Holy fuck. At least the police are in jail for this one.
Wait a minute. Is this the same story from a week ago where the officers said that the man fled from them then tried to ram their cars with his car? Where are all the cop defenders now!!! Holy shit, so many people were saying that the cops used too much force but that the dad deserved a lot of the blame. I'm pretty sure a ton of people were calling him human garbage, scum and a bunch of other stuff for putting his son in danger. WTF reddit!
&gt;the fact that Meshal is a U.S. citizen does not outweigh the court's reluctance to interfere with matters of national security.

Do you feel it? Do you feel the warm blanket of security?
How can any of this be legal? Why do we continue giving power to this shadow theater? Why am I even bothering to express outrage? 
I'm I smoking something or does smell fishy?  FBI doing terrorist interrogations overseas?  I thought their jurisdiction ended at the borders.
Torture is legal as long as you are the one in charge. Might makes right.
As the Founding Fathers intended I suppose.
the FBI is like the international gestapo, they'll invade Kim Dotcom's compound in New Zealand with a dramatic helicopter entrance.  Did they think that a Hollywood movie would be produced based on their incompetence?  God I hope so.  Hoover is probably in fascist heaven wondering why he didn't turn the FBI into an international entity sooner.
I always wondered why the Duke LaCrosse team never went after Nancy Grace.  She essentially convicted them on the air without a trial.  When the accusations turned out to be false she never retracted her many accusations. 
They should sue UVA too.

The President collectively punished them based on a fake article.



Does the author have to reveal who Jackie is? Will they then sue Jackie?
Good! There are repercussions for printing unfounded lies. If I were their attorney I would be out to force the rag out of business.
i think its funny that even after this article was proven to be a lie people still tried to defend the author and her story
[removed]
Good maybe they should be checking facts closer before they publish material that will affect those UVA students the rest of their lives, they should go after the girl too but she probably doesn't have any money to begin with to pay damages
Good for them! There has to be consequences for such awful reporting!
That's gonna pay for a lot of Natty light
As a former member of a fraternity, I am very happy to hear this. Im not saying that all fraternities are great, but they really do get a bad rap for very little reason.

By in large fraternities are not the way they are depicted on movies and television. Sure, there are some good times, but that goes for anyone in college in general.

I also know from experience that the 25 million, if won, wont go to the local or to the members. It will go straight to national headquarters and god knows what will be done with it then.
Three friends of mine from high school are currently seniors at UVA and members of this fraternity. I had a gut feeling the article was completely false the moment I read it, as those men are the most upstanding men you could ever meet. Not only that, but having visited their house and thier members multiple times in the past few years, you would realize they are normal human beings like you and I who share compassion and empathy for everyone. It'd ludicrous to think they would gang rape a young girl like that. When the article first came out, my friends were the subject of multiple on going death threats, for quite some time. Some had to go into hiding and relocation due to bricks being thrown through thier room windows, landing on their beds. 
This is really the only way to take on False Rape Culture.
They're gonna have the Chillest Toga party after this. It will go down in Bro history.

Honestly, Good for them though.
The frat better be awarded every penny. What rolling Stone did is beyond irresponsible. 

There need to be laws passed to punish media organizations who openly publish lies. And I'm not talking fines, I am talking about suspending their ability to broadcast or publish.

I'm not advocating media control, just keeping them in line
Don't let jokes derail you, this is a big deal. 
This is how you kill the Internet. 
That seems like a treasonous act by the UK government.
The police have been so good follow laws and not abuse power, we should give them anything they want.
This is only fair if citizens are also given cops entire history. 
Mother England.... What the hell has happened to you?
Protect yourself: https://www.torproject.org
Im sure they will find my porn history fascinating
I recently went to the U.S. postal museum.  One of the things they discussed there was the secrecy of the system and its role in the revolution and other things.  It is shameful what the current generation of leaders and businesspeople think is acceptable.  
Minnesota in late November :) Cozy.
I really love this idea!
Wait, Minnesota state parks aren't already free? I thought the point of a state park was that it's public land for public use?

The only time I ever remember paying at any state park where I live was for overnight camping.
This amounts to nothing short of an assault on capitalism and the American way of life. Do we want our children to grow up looking at autumn foliage in the park like socialists, or do we want them to trample each other to death over discounted X-Boxes in the entrance of a Best Buy like God intended? Write to the politicians that are responsible for this atrocity and let them know what you think.
It's a government meeting. Either they can represent all religions, or none. Can't pick and choose.
How about we keep religion out of government? I think that's an idea we can build a nation on. 
Just to get this on the record.

Here's what your Lake County, FL Commission Chairman Jimmy Connor said about my Satanic Invocation request, "There won't be any satanic prayers while I'm chairman," Conner said. "The man isn't going to bully me. If he hates God, he can do that. But we're not going to spread devil worshipping in our chamber.”

Here's my retort -- pick any five of the below.

1. "There won't be any Jewish prayers while I'm chairman," Conner said. "The man isn't going to bully me. If he hates God, he can do that. But we're not going to spread Jew worshipping in our chamber."

2. "There won't be any Muslim prayers while I'm chairman," Conner said. "The man isn't going to bully me. If he hates God, he can do that. But we're not going to spread Islam  worshipping in our chamber."

3. There won't be any negro prayers while I'm chairman," Conner said. "The man isn't going to bully me. If he hates God, he can do that. But we're not going to spread negro worshipping in our chamber."

4. There won't be any Catholic prayers while I'm chairman," Conner said. "The man isn't going to bully me. If he hates God, he can do that. But we're not going to spread papal worshipping in our chamber."
He isn't actually a Satanist, he's an atheist pointing out Lake County's obvious disregard for the First Amendment and the Establishment Clause.

It's incredible how many elected officials in our country, who have sworn to uphold the constitution, blatantly disregard the very First Amendment.  It should be cause for their immediate removal from office.
separation of religion and state, what ever happened to that?
Florida Man seems logical for once.
You win this round ladies.
If you eat garbage food and don't exercise, you're going to have a bad time.  
&gt;women have now overtaken men in the obese category

Well, that's one gap closed.
A relative of mine is a PCP and says that it is depressing to see someone who is now just in middle school and so obese that their bodies are already suffer significant permanently damage. That even if they lived a completely healthy life from this point on, they are already condemned to a dramatically shorten lifespan and almost certain major health issues that will degrade their already shorten lives. 
It truly is the golden age for us fit dudes with a BBW fetish. 
Will this equate to an increase in the size of safe spaces?
[deleted]
Maybe obesity will combat the danger of overpopulation.
not surprised women are overtaking men. I know a lot more dudes that workout on a fairly consistent basis than girls. Girls will be skinny just bc they always have been, so they eat the same and dont workout and drink. Eventually it catches up to them.
The average American works fifty hours a week now in sedentary jobs. That combined with unhealthy diets leads to a heavier body. 
As someone who use to weigh 325 and now weigh 210 and hits the gym 6 days a week in very good shape, it doesn't matter what job you have, all you have to do is eat responsibly and you won't be fat. That means instead of eating fast food 3 times a day take the time to prepare/cook real food and don't eat for 3 people.
The USDA food pyramid is upside down. Government regulated corn and wheat 
Smoking has declined from 42% of adults to only 15% over the past 50 years, and it is continuing to drop.  This is no doubt a good thing.  But as any super model knows, smoking is an effective means of weight control.

Add to that increased sugar consumption, especially in "low fat" foods.  Now throw in a good dose of BP meds, statins and antidepressants, all of which are associated with weight gain and all of which are much more widely prescribed than they used to be.

I really do not see the mystery.  
I blame that "All about the bass" song. 
This is from people telling others that "it's OK to be fat, you are beautiful the way you are"... No fat people are not beautiful.
&gt; Two days later, the city council approved a $5m settlement for McDonald family, though they had not filed a lawsuit. 

Is that common? A settlement even though they hadn't brought suit?
I Googled "teen shot 16 times by police" and got the wrong video about [**a different teen that was shot 16 times by police**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YN7QTdau9bc).  I should have realized I needed to be more specific.
&gt;Local residents and city officials have expressed fears that the video may cause riots or backlash similar to recent protests in Ferguson or Baltimore.

If a video is so disgusting that it would incite that kind of reaction then the public deserves to know the truth. If you don't want backlash don't murder people. 

&gt;“Being violent to protest violence isn’t logical,” Smith said. 

Neither is being kind and loving to people who murder you with impunity and treating them as legitimate authorities worthy of respect. 
This happened right next to my work in front of a Dunkin Donuts (Pulaski &amp; 42nd). The employees at DD saw everything happen . I wasn't there at the time, but second shift at my workplace heard all of the gunshots. 

From what I understand, the kid had a knife and was down after the first 2 shots were fired. That's when the officer unloaded another 14. 
"I was there, I saw it," he said. "He (McDonald) wasn't attacking anybody. He was looking for a way out. He was just trying to turn away. The kid turned away, was dropped at the first shot or two, and the police kept shooting and shooting. You could see his body moving. It freaked me out. It freaked my son out."

http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/columnists/kass/ct-police-shooting-video-kass-met-1111-20151110-column.html


"He starts walking away from the officers. The first shot, he spins and falls to the ground. Then the officer continues to shoot, and intermittently, you see the body twitching and jerking from the rounds."

It would be ironic of ISIS brought countries together.


ISIS: We're going to terrorize you into submission!

Russia: ♫ANYTHING YOU CAN DO I CAN DO BETTER, I CAN DO ANYTHING BETTER THAN YOU 🎶
If ISIS hadn't burned all of the history books they would have known that fighting with the US and Russia at the same didn't work out so well for the last guy that tried it.
&gt; We will find them in any spot of the planet... and punish them.

Holy fuck! Liam Neeson, eat your damn heart out!
I would be shitting myself if I was them, Russia does not give a fuck. I have a feeling you're about to see a war of attrition and nothing less.
Keep poking the bear and watch what happens.
Player 2 has just entered the game!
So once China gets involved, is it technically a World War?
You done goofed.  Russia isn't burdened by the pc shit the west is.  
This guy literally just invaded a country, has heavy ex-KGB influence, has absolute power in Russia (practically a dictator) has one of the largest/best militaries, has low morals, potential U.S. collaborator. Putin may be the most powerful and threatening person on earth, good job ISIL.

Rest. In. Piss.
Someone is smiling at the Pentagon.

Let the Russians do the dirty job. 

Again.
Alright, so Russia claims to be deploying airstrikes against ISIS, but we've seen that they've actually been targeting other "rebel" groups which are against Assad but are backed by the US. US Special forces will now be aiding select factions of the Syrian rebel forces in their fight against ISIS. Presumably Russia will continue to attack the US backed Syrian factions... My question is, what happens when a Russian airstrike kills an American special forces operative?
https://twitter.com/WhiteHouse/status/377599846980403200

Well this is embarrassing. 
I believe they called them "advisors" in Vietnam as well?  Boy, shit just doesn't change, does it?  This is a response to Russia's involvement.  
No!  Keep us out of that shithole.
What a cluster fuck this is going to inevitably become. Good luck to the young men and women who will be sent to die in that shit hole. 
Remember when he won a Nobel peace prize and promised to bring the soldiers home? 

Good times.
For what purpose?  They have nothing to offer us, there's no point in getting involved.  This is just a waste of money
Endless war. Everyone was so convinced the Obama administration was going to fix our problem with endless war and they just made it worse. 
The "put a toe in the water" approach to warfare is not going to effect change.  Either all-in or all-out, get off the fence Obama.
As a Canadian, I am so fucking grateful Harper is out. He'd be chomping at the bit to get in on some war. 
Sounds like they are assisting the Kurds, I have no problem with this and prefer it to an all out ground invasion or continued air strikes which seem to have been ineffective and raise the chance of civilian casualties. This is what special forces are for, and how the "war on terror" or whatever you want to call it should be fought. 

Edit* fixed a word
**Edit:** It seems that the aim of this project was to provide critically needed shelter to alleviate overcrowded conventional shelters, to ensure less people die over the winter.  I greatly approve of this, and am now sad that they've failed to communicate this aspect given all the attention they will be receiving, especially in light of how I have reacted to this story.

**Original post:** This is a really horrible idea, why do people think that building slums is a good way to combat homelessness?

Homeless people need security more than they need shelter, a cute little home is useless if some junkies can kick the door in and start using the place as a den, and I don't imagine the people illegally raising these structures have even considered security beyond getting a lock on the door.

If you want to help the homeless, they need real Shelters; properly staffed with a variety of support workers to provide cheap meals, beds, showers and laundry.  Give a man a fish, then work out why he can't fish for himself and tackle the real issues.  You don't fix famine by handing out food, you can't fix homelessness by building slums.
A *very* key point

&gt;Police spokesman Tyrone Campbell says police gave the group several orders to disperse before making the arrests.

Sustainability Park is a downtown city park (typical city park, fills up an entire block) that is meant for use by everyone.  By building permanent or semi-permanent structures there, you are partially depriving the use of the park to others 24 hours a day.  

Well-meaning, but not something that should be allowed.  


This is a very noble idea, but horribly executed.  This is a F'ing public park.

If you want to give homeless people tiny houses, buy some land and build them there.   
So let me get this straight. A group of people got together to build what would most easily be identified as sheds, on property that wasn't owned by them, and was in the process of being sold by the city. They were repeatedly told that this wasn't acceptable, asked to leave by the police, and when they refused to leave and kept building stuff, were arrested. "We did something we knew was going to fail so we could call attention to an issue but not effectively do anything about it."

This is a bad protest, but it's a wonderfully executed way to get arrested on purpose so you can martyr yourself to your 'for the cause' friends. You want to get DHA to stop selling land to developers and pay attention to the homeless? Get a politician on your side and start making noise. Start a non-profit to ACTUALLY HELP, then get people to back you up. Vote as a block. All that this... thing, that would be generously called a stunt, accomplishes is to waste the time of the people who got together to build these, the money of whoever funded the supplies, and the taxpayer dollars it took for the police to clean it up.

All of this is going to be difficult to accomplish given that part of the reason for more land going to developers is likely due to the fact that the housing market is insane in Denver just now due to boom growth in the local economy. No politician in his right mind is going to say, "Lets not build our tax base at all, and instead take the limited space we have and give it away to people who will only take from public services." I'm not saying that this is the morally correct view, but you also can't ask any part of government to feel bad about a strengthening local economy.

Helping the homeless is a great banner to unite under, but you actually have to HELP the HOMELESS to be a member of that club.
Well...you can't just go building houses anywhere you want.  I am all for helping the homeless and building affordable housing, but I don't want somebody building little huts on my front lawn.  Not to mention the fact that they would have to run sewer lines, electric wiring, and water.  Otherwise you just have sheds.
I'm going to weigh in here, but since there's only limited data available, I can't be utterly certain. I'm an Earth scientist, BTW. 
The article says that the crack occurred when a cap rock (large, impervious layer of stone overlaying and sealing in a later of water or gas or oil) was loosened by a spring, with further erosion basically causing it to slide off and break up. Cap rocks are brittle, they don't bend so great, so this one just broke as an underlaying layer deformed. 
This is not the result of a seismic fault or Yellowstone. It is probably not the result of fracking either. It's a shallow event, likely caused solely by erosion. A fault goes through multiple layers of rock and is a shearing event - whereas this is a tensile event.
For those looking for a serious answer, hope that helps. 
[removed]
My instincts tell me this is cause for concern but I have no idea. Any geologists able to say whether this is just a neat happening or a scary happening?
It's frustrating that every comment here is a joke. 
In the ground? In Wyoming? Where yellowstone is?

FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCCCCCCCKKKKKKIIIINNNNNGGGGG SHIT
[removed]
This is why I don't walk on the ground anymore.
I bet the IRS can tell them apart.
There is a felon with my exact name and a close birthday out on the east coast. Constantly has warrants for his arrest. 

Every time. Every single time I interact with cops I get arrested. I carry my SS card so I can have them run it against the warrants at the precinct office when we arrive. I've had to leave my car so many times I pay extra for unlimited tow coverage on my insurance.

My license is due for renewal. I need to schedule a day off to take care of it due to the extra time I will spend on it.

I wish they'd catch that fucker and lock him away already. this has been happening since 1995, when they came to the base and had the MP's arrest me for impregnating a 11 year old in Ohio.  
MPs do not treat you well when arresting you on such charges. Nor do they believe your statement that you have never been in Ohio, ever.
Simple fix - just have one wear a fake mustache for their photo.

Easy peasy
&gt; That computer can recognize faces, a feature that comes in handy if somebody’s is trying to get an illegal ID It apparently is not programmed to detect twins.

Wow, that's a pretty major limitation of the computer program they're using if it can't handle dealing with twins. Apparently the birth rate of twins [has been increasing in recent years](http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/data/databriefs/db80.htm) with 1 in 30 child born in 2009 being a twin.  Pretty pathetic that the company that developed this software didn't bother to account for that.
I know a pair of near identical twins who got their licenses. When one got his suspended, he used his brother's license because you can't tell them apart.
I have a bigger concern than just their inability to drive legally. That concern is facial recognition technology.
In other news, Mexican Border Patrol overwhelmed by throngs of Americans crossing illegally.

"We can't have these fatbacks coming here illegally" said Manuel Labor, head of the citizen group Hombre de Quince Minutos, which seeks to reinforce the northern border.
This "human right" angle is specific to the Mexican Constitution.  The basic idea is if you're not hurting anyone but yourself (using the junk food example) the government can't stop you.

For the US, this is similar in principle to equating pot to smoking or drinking.  As both those are legal in the US pot should be legal too.
So can we expect the transition of illegal pot industry to legal pot industry? And eventually a reduction in violence?! 
It's not mentioned in the article, but this is actually even bigger news because polling on marijuana shows that around 75% of Mexicans do not support legalization and estimates of pot use is only about 2% of the population.

NPR had a story on it yesterday that I listened to on the way home from work. They also said that the argument that legalizing would stop drug violence is largely wrong in Mexico, since good US weed is driving the cartels out of the game, so they are moving on to heroin and meth, which are both on the rise in the US. From a US perspective, that's good, but from a Mexican perspective most people just don't seem to feel any need to legalize it. It'll be interesting how this plays out.
I wonder how many of the lost or stolen guns are still in possession of the cop?
I would think grenade launchers would be pretty tightly monitored. The rest of the stuff is terrible...but are enough grenade launchers walking around on a daily basis that a police department would lose it? That seems like the type of thing that'd be locked in an armory until absolutely needed.
Easy, just search all the cop's homes.
Well that's.. worrisome. 
But I was told we should only trust the police with guns. 
And for some stupid reason, the guy who is in charge of this shit is not under arrest.
It's illegal to posses a gun without a background  check in California. So that means the thieves must have called in for a background check before taking the guns right? 
If my parents were gay I wouldn't want to join anyway.
Honor your parents? Pretty sure thats on one of their lists.
Honestly, They should make it so no one should be able to be baptized until they are 18. That way they can put some thought into it. 
Wow, the Mormons have long been virulently anti gay, but to go after the kids of gay parents, something the kids have no control over, and tell the kids they have to disavow their parents is a new low.  Utterly vile and disgusting, and proves once again, the hatred and bigotry that the mormons have for gay people.
People are upset about this? I'd say these kids are lucky. They've got two parents and they don't have to grow up in the LDS church!
So how do they think this is going to work? Kids are going to spend their whole lives living outside the church and being shunned by their friends/neighbors and they'll suddenly make the decision to leave their parents (probably the only people in the community who haven't treated them like shit) and join the Mormon Church?  

I just don't see this happening.  They're just pushing more kids away from joining up.  Not that I think that's a bad thing, I just don't get the logic.
Gored the title a bit: "can longer be baptized" -&gt; "can no longer be baptized"..
This is actually right in line with the teachings of Jesus.

"If anyone comes to me and does not hate father and mother, wife and children, brothers and sisters--yes, even their own life--such a person cannot be my disciple."

[Luke 14:26](http://biblehub.com/luke/14-26.htm)
This really is not a new, big deal--the same policy goes for children of polygamists--they can't be baptized. Likely for the same reason of this new policy: They don't want the kids being taught conflicting things between church and the home, especially something as fundamental to the home as the relationship of the parents. IMO it's helping the kids (and the family) *way* more than hurting them.
"I don't hate her, I just wish she had stopped" - that mother has a lot of courage and kindness to treat the crime the way she did. So sad that it happened.
Not only did he save his sisters life, his donated organs have saved other children's lives. What a remarkable boy and family. 


Bad things happen to good people. 

Rest in peace, La'Darious Wylie. The world needs more people like you and it's a shame that you were taken away from your mother and sister. 

This is the first story on here that's moved me like this. Damn. 
it's a nice idea to name a nearby park after him.  hopefully the driver that left him to die will get all 25 years of her sentence and never get a chance to set foot in it.
Goddamn, the comments on that article are pure bile.
Now he will become a spirit detective.
[deleted]
&gt; "After 21 years of teaching in grades 1-6, I have no answers as to why this is a problem now, so instead of paying more fees, taking more tests and proving once again that I am qualified to teach, I am resigning"

Good for her.  I've had relatives and friends do the same thing for the same general reason.  Public education is just broken and top-heavy with administrators who are too far-removed from the actual teaching part of education.
Ugh. I have like 8 certificates in a binder on hand at all times to show I'm a teacher. It's annoying having to scan them all to send to the BoE all the time and just for general inquiry. And none of them were cheap.
Bottom line is National Board certs should always trump state certs in overlap cases like this but it takes a strong admin and support staff to protect their talent.  It sounds like her superintendent just stood by and let her burn.
Yes! She's showing them that they (administrators) can't actually do what she does and that their role is to support the teachers at the front line and not the other way around. When did we start calling accountants and administrators "Leaders" and shift the focus from people who do the actual work?!? 
Hey, being in the bottom 2-3 states in educational quality doesn't happen by itself. It takes dedicated morons to make that happen.

Edit: to those accusing me of stealing the top comment from the AP article, look at the timestamps.
[Here's where I posted it in the local subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/Birmingham/comments/3qqkci/alabama_teacher_of_the_year_who_left_mountain/), where you can read some more awesome stories about Birmingham City Schools. This is just the tip of the iceberg for them. This is my wife's story of trying to work in Birmingham City Schools from that thread:

&gt;Personal experience: my wife teaches and interviewed in Birmigham this summer. She was given 24 hours to make a decision on whether she wanted the job, and when she told them she needed more time she basically was told she would never teach in Birmingham City Schools because she made them look bad (ok? lol).
Fast forward a month later when she gets her new hire packet and dates for orientation. And we kept getting new hire paperwork and announcements. So she called and she got the same angry spiel. Kept getting paperwork afterwards. It finally ended in September with tax forms saying they hadn't paid her anything.
The US won't touch it since that's Germany's job then they hand it over. 
Maybe I'm paranoid, but I believe that the US government can touch those data right now if they really wanted to, or they'll develop that ability soon after the facilities come online.
It is well known that Germany has no intelligence agencies who would ever want to touch your data.


https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_intelligence_agencies_of_Germany



It is also well known that Germany has a history of democracy and individual rights and freedoms. 
Oh shit.  I just realized how much it would suck if you had your passport stolen and it was recovered in possession of ISIS
If all the governments in the world have the collective power to issue passports, how have they not created a system that is universal in identifying passports? Am I assuming technology could be so simple or is it easily flawed? Please correct me if I'm wrong.
TIL: There is a market for "lost" (i.e. stolen) passports to be used in counterfeits. For passports where this is difficult perhaps  the seller looks among his collection for the closest match and recommends it to the buyer. The traditional method before digital databases for cross referencing was to simply replace the photo with your own.

Passports can be traded far from the location of the theft. But I would prefer to imagine that someone who resides in a fixed location near an airport would "acquire" the passports. Looking to sell them on the local market perhaps. So it would be some what likely that the location of purchase and likely the origin would correspond to an area where the largest majority of the travelers are of X country.

Remember that, I think, all the 9/11 terrorists are/were alive and had reported their passports lost/stolen from their home countries.
It sucks that this got reported.  I assume the French figured out the passport was fake pretty fast, and were trying to use that knowledge to hunt down these and other guys like them.  Too bad the Serbs had to fuck it for everybody by blabbing.
What an asshole.  Somebody really needs to stop drinking if he can't keep himself from trying to beat the hell out of an innocent driver.  The only justice I saw in this situation was this douche getting his face blasted with pepper spray.
[The video](https://youtu.be/xtJVbsHIj9o?t=2m34s) or [this gif](http://i.imgur.com/PnWpXce.gifv) show the incident 
It's just a publicity stunt for their upcoming Fiery Uberrito.
[deleted]
[removed]
I hope Taco Bell fires him.
http://brand-innovators.com/millennials/speakers-irvine-4-23-15/

yup. looks like a complete douche. scroll down on this page to find him.
ironically he is the marketing manager, who cant even properly control his own PR. 
Why does everyone keep saying they hope he gets fired? This guys deserves to do time in jail for assault and battery. 
Should have sprayed some Fire sauce in to his eyes.
For whatever reason, [Gizmodo](http://gizmodo.com/watch-an-uber-passenger-beat-up-his-driver-because-ever-1740017910) is spinning this story as "Uber is dangerous, don't ever use Uber, this will happen to you if you use Uber"
Not that I'm saying the public shaming is wrong, he clearly deserves it, but why is everyone so up in arms about him being a marketing manager for Taco Bell?  He's not on the clock nor is he doing anything to represent the company - I feel like using his work/role in the news/reddit title is just click-bait in order to garner more attention to the submitter, not the assailant.  Taco Bell is in no way involved in his actions yet this will reflect on them in some way.  
  
  
Is this what we've become?  The actions alone aren't newsworthy so their role at work is used to sensationalize one's actions?  I mean, honestly and without sarcasm, how would the attention this is getting be different if the title were something like:
  
* Wal-Mart cart wrangler assaulting Uber driver
* Ford assembly worker assaulting Uber driver
* Colgate QA tester assaulting Uber driver
  
  
Just because the person is in marketing somehow makes the story more significant?  Marketing isn't specifically PR, advertising, or other creative/public-facing role.  Often it's just data/number crunching.  This is about the guy being an ass, not Taco Bell's employee being an ass.
  
  
EDIT: Interesting timing for [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/3r8fd7/obama_bans_hiring_bias_against_excons_seeking/) front page article.  It fits with my point of view quite well.
He didn't pull any punches. 

"What is a joke is the job Rosenberg is doing as acting DEA administrator," he said. "He's an example of the inept, misinformed zealot who has mismanaged America's failed policy of marijuana prohibition."
The fact that he doesn't even understand the basics of consumption means he's completely unqualified.  Smoke the leaves?  That's like a bank CEO not knowing what money is.
Next to be fired: Loretta Lynch, Attorney General of the United States. She believes that [alcohol is safer than marijuana](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2015/01/29/wonkbook-obamas-nominee-for-attorney-general-claims-alcohol-is-safer-than-marijuana/)
I wish I could have a sit down face to face with Rosenberg.  I'd explain to him what my late wife went through with her chemotherapy and radiation treatments.  I'd explain that the holes in her bones and tumors in her brain that caused tremendous pain and loss of speech weren't the major issues.  It was the vomitting and nausea.  For awhile drugs like Zofram worked.  Then they just stopped.  Then I would have to hold her a night and comfort her while she stated she just couldn't do it anymore.  The nausea was just too difficult.  Then came medical marijuana.  Not only did it remove the nausea, it also gave her an appetite.  It allowed her to enjoy food again, briefly, before she passed.  So Rosenberg calling it a joke not only inappropriate and wrong, its extremely cruel to people like me when he tries to minimize and marginalize what I went through.
Outright theft by many under his command. Perhaps it is time to dissolve the DEA.
It's always the Oregon representatives making positive change.
More people should watch PBS Newshour instead of Fox and CNN. Newshour actually has experts on the show talk about issues and give us facts instead of simply allowing the anchors, who are experts at nothing except journalism, squabble over their uninformed emotional opinions as the mainstream media does. Newshour puts their full episodes on YouTube, pretty convenient. 
They suspend her but let that fucking hack Don Lemon go on tirades about Muslims? lol  Please. CNN ceased being a legitimate news organizations years ago. I'm not even sure why people still watch it. 
What was so bad about the comment that she needed to get suspended for two weeks?
The New Colossus  by American poet Emma Lazarus (1849–1887)

Not like the brazen giant of Greek fame,

With conquering limbs astride from land to land;

Here at our sea-washed, sunset gates shall stand

A mighty woman with a torch, whose flame

Is the imprisoned lightning, and her name

Mother of Exiles. From her beacon-hand

Glows world-wide welcome; her mild eyes command

The air-bridged harbor that twin cities frame.



"Keep, ancient lands, your storied pomp!" cries she

With silent lips. "Give me your tired, your poor,

Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free,

The wretched refuse of your teeming shore.

Send these, the homeless, tempest-tost to me,

I lift my lamp beside the golden door!"



Edit:  To the down voters, these words will live on, long after you're forgotten.
The headline says "Russia pounds ISIS", but the article says that the Russians hit Idlib and Aleppo province, which are strongholds of US-backed rebels.

/? 
All day long on the news I've been hearing about how Russia is working together with France and this whole event/common enemy has improved relations between Russia and the the US/UK...

Amazing for Putin. Everyone seems to have completely forgotten about Ukraine's sovereignty for a while.
&gt;Shock and awe on steroids

I have a feeling that the Russians knew that the plane crash was a result of terrorism (I mean it was announced several weeks ago that the experts were 99.9% sure). They were just waiting for the right political time to indiscriminately bomb the Syrian rebels. 
I'm not going to trust the fucking daily beast for info on a bombing campaign...
I don' t care who beats them, just crush them out of existence. 
I can just see Putin in the command center with a conductors baton dropping bombs to the sound of some classical song

What's the one they always use in cartoons?
Holly Holm closed as a +800 underdog vs Ronda Rousey (who closed at -1400), which marks the biggest upset in UFC history. (via @Westgate_LV)
She didn't just lose, she got dominated!
Ronda never had to chase someone down like that, let alone be met with hard punches when she tried to get close. 
These names sound like they were made up by Stan Lee.
I just don't understand why she went toe to toe with a world champion kick boxer. Two rounds even. At what point do you say "Okay I obviously need to take her to the ground and get her out of her comfort zone."

Edit: Yeah I get she tried to grapple. When I say toe to toe I mean this: she was constantly chasing Holly around the ring, she ate that left jab way too many times and she wasn't changing her strategy. She was being aggressive and it wasn't working at all. She was throwing haymakers at a boxer. That entire fight proved her stand up game is very weak, and she never changed her strats or adapted.
Ronda was gassed before the first round ended. 
Shit. Rousey said, "I **will** retire undefeated."

With her attitude/outlook, I'm sure she's beating the hell out of herself mentally now. I don't think she's equipped to handle losing well *at all.* Must be rough.
It's always a good sign of your winning mentality when coming into the fight you're giving interviews about retiring and your long term plans after your careers is over.

Mentally checked out weeks before this fight it seems.
Her name is Holly Holm. It's not Holmes or Holms.
taken from [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/MMA/comments/3svatu/spoiler_ronda_rousey_vs_holly_holm/cx0oxip)

clip with audio: https://streamable.com/ys3w 
round 1 highlights: https://streamable.com/os24 
fight highlights: https://streamable.com/9vfu 
holly holm ez dodge: https://streamable.com/qxyl
Ronda Rousey Gets KTFO
http://gfycat.com/UltimateCloudyKillifish
It's hard for a ground fighter to out-box a boxer. 
Ronda was dominated. Holm's take down defense was crazy, Ronda seemed taken back by her power. That was so weird to watch. Should have put $20 down on holm:(
It should be interesting to see how she takes this defeat.

Will she train harder, work on her skill set?

Or will she not be able to get past her ego and embarrassment and just fade into the void? 
Now can we stop pretending Mayweather wouldn't send her to the hospital?
And so the Ronda Rousey circlejerk ends today
And people genuinely thought she was capable of beating Mayweather...
I guess she didn't practice on her boyfriends enough.
And people still try to claim she could beat Mayweather.
Ronda didn't seem herself. Holmes looked in control the whole fight.
&gt;But neither police nor defense attorneys are talking about the evidence due to a broad gag order that a coalition of media organizations is challenging as unconstitutional. It was imposed by a judge who is a former law partner of the local district attorney.

and

&gt;The foreman of the grand jury that will decide who to indict is a Waco detective.

...you mother fuckers.
I remember hearing an On Point episode when this happened. Several people called in stating the cops had done the shooting, and laying out what has now come out as fact. Tom kept it pretty professional but was definitely skeptical that these people were telling the truth. I'm pretty skeptical of any police statements/stories but even I was thinking "ok guys, sure, the bikers had nothing g to do with it... riiiight", but as more and more is revealed it blows my mind to see this come to light.

I wish On Point would revisit this case with updated facts so that more people could hear the truth. 
"no one has been charged with any of the deaths"

Because we investigated ourselves and found no wrong doing. 

&gt;Cops in the Texas city shot motorcyclists, arrested all the witnesses, and have since prohibited them from speaking out under penalty of contempt.

http://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2015/09/in-the-waco-shootout-police-bullets-hit-bikers/406534/
The police refuse to release video of the incident from outside the venue, only releasing a video inside Twin Peaks, which doesn't show a single police officer and several bikers scrambling to safety. Why? Think about that objectively for a minute.
Because the police slaughtered them, even the brawling biker gang had more restraint for their enemies than the Texas law enforcement professionals. 
I'm so glad to see this story again. I feel like the police murdering nine people and injuring many more has just been ignored because their victims weren't yuppies. 

But I guess thats pretty standard. 
I belong to a motorcycle club in texas. I meet with bandidos and other clubs on a weekly basis at places way seedier and more secretive than a twin peaks.

Not all bandidos are model a citizens, just like not all cops are, or all dentists, but they would never do something as stupid as have a turf war at a twin peaks. 

At the COC, the gathering that was going on in waco, there are wives, and sometimes children, and there are clubs there that are Christian based, veteran based, and definitely not criminals. The top tier clubs would never put any of these people in danger.

But the waco PD on the other hand...
Nice ambush. Remember what happened last time a bunch of people get slaughtered by law enforcement in Waco? 

Edit: I really wish the comment string from the angry corrections officer below wasn't deleted. It was really telling. 
The cops clearly killed all nine.
This state is fucked. Seriously fucked. Grew up in louisiana just to come back and see its gotten worse. And we can thank Bobby Jindal for helping fuck it up even more.

Politics are nuts here. Mary landrieu was pro choice. Therefore opposition put up billboards claiming she was pro abortion. I see crazy bumper stickers daily. Last one was "abortions cause breast cancer." im not shitting you. Religion controls these people. If its not religion its the obsession with alcohol and binge drinking. Im all about a good time but here in louisiana drinking is a serious health and social issue no one wants to address. Its makes the state money. 

Education is a joke here. From pre-k to higher education. Jindal, who once was the head of education department has defunded it ridiculously. Our schools are an absolute joke. Funding it loses the state money. They dont realize the longterm effects of having an educated society, or maybe they do... And realize an educated society is less easy to control. 

Jindal and the rest of the politicians have sold our states soul to the oil indrusty. And with production down the oilfield said sorry not sorry louisiana and left. Leaving thousands unemployed and struggling. While old bobby g is playing campaign games and making duck dynasty cameos. It make the state money. 

You read this shit about ISIS outlawing science, reading, math, etc to keep their people oppressed. Well jindal and his cronies have found a way to do it here in America. Most of the people in louisiana have no clue how far behind socially and educationally they are to the citizens of other states. 

Were known for being a corrupt state. Jindals gonna go down as one of our most corrupt govenors. I used to support him when he first came into office, then just lost it after seeing a man who worked in one dept previously go on to defund it. That says a lot about a mans values. 

Rant over. I fucking hate what the "leaders" of my state are doing. The people of louisiana deserve better. 

Fuck bobby jindal. Piece of shit motherfucker. 

Good. This witch hunt has proven to be a very expensive, fruitless shit show. It's only hurting the poor... it really pisses me off to see affluent dickwads in power making things HARDER for the people they're supposed to represent.
The thing I hate about the politicians that say "we need to outlaw abortion" is that they claim to be pro-life, while at the same time many of them are pro death penalty and pro war. Being pro life isn't a synonym for being anti- abortion. The hypocrisy is mind boggling.
whether you agree with abortions or disagree with them the fact is PP in this state has no stake in them. they are there for the other services that PP provides. Jindal is playing to the party line.

my only question to all of these outlaw abortion people is this...
when they become illegal again and BOTH the child and the woman are dying from having them done illegally what exactly is gained?

my personal beliefs are pro life.. however it is not up to me to decide what another should do as i am not the judge of them.

Not surprising. That number is going to go up significantly if the SCOTUS allows the new Texas laws to stand. 
&gt; Overall, 1.7% of women aged 18-49 reported that they had ever tried to end a pregnancy on their own

Why would they not ask if they tried to end a pregnancy in the last decade? Since in the introduction they say "Several restrictive abortion laws have been imposed in Texas in the past decade" and that " this research provides important information about the potential public health impact of laws that restrict access  to clinic-based abortion care." why would the have the question over their lifetime?

 With 44% Hispanic in a Mexico border county, did they see if it was while residing in the US. Also some one who is in the forties can be talking about an incident thirty years ago
[deleted]
In other news coat hangers sales hit an all time high in the state of Texas. 
A min wage employee is literally a few paycheques from being homeless, you can't afford to be an ass
Wow, I hadn't seen that video before checking out this article. Waving food at him like hes a stray dog and throwing throwing water in his face... there is *no* excuse for this disgusting display. Glad he got his comeuppance, and hopefully they'll be able to find the guy it happened to and help him out.
[removed]
Good. The guy that did this is a real shithead and I hope he gets flaming herpes.
I'd be interested in when he came back to France, if its known. Did he come with a surge of refugees or by himself? 
Why carry your passport on a suicide mission?
The resiliency of passports is quite remarkable. A passport of a 9/11 hijacker was found at ground zero after the attacks on the World Trade Center.
This is 9/11 all over again, just 14 years later. It's going to play out the exact same way
I have a feeling some of these countries might want to do a little background searching on some of these refugees. I'm sure 99.9% of them are OK, honest people. But when you have such a massive sudden influx of people it seems like it wouldn't be incredibly difficult for radicalized Muslims to bend in with everyone else trying to starting a new life in Europe.
Yeah, breakingnews.com is not the most reliable source in the world. I'll wait for something more concrete before I buy that a passport, let alone the *body of the bomber*, survived a suicide bombing. 
I think we all understand the symbolism here.  The fact of the matter remains our government is doing very little to help our veterans.  

Remember that huge news story 1-2 years ago that showed the VA was falsifying information procrastinating on providing care for veterans?  Yeah it is still happening.  Nothing has changed.

I haven't seen a doctor in 10 years.  The last time I went to the VA for help, they practically force prescribed me citalopram just to get me out the door so they wouldn't have to deal with me anymore.  Never went back.

I reached out to the VA a few years ago via email, expressing my experience &amp; was sent back an automated response that said they would return a reply in *11 weeks.* They never got back to me.  

If you want real change in the treatment of veterans, then **you**, the american people need to demand it.  

Hope they went up the street to congress to do the same thing
The reason they did this was to push for access to medical marijuana for veterans, not because they're protesting the poor quality of care they receive at the VA. The title of the article completely leaves this out, and it's hard not to see the omission as deliberate. These comments are a perfect illustration of the conclusion MSN wanted people to jump to. Read the article. It's literally the first sentence.
Care to extend that title at all OP?


Veterans drop hundreds of empty pill bottles in front of the White House *to push for veteran access to medical marijuana*


Just hoping no one mixes up what they mean to be in those pill bottles: harmful opiates, benzos, amphetamines, and SSRIs
Not strapping bombs to yourself should probably be #1 on a list of ways to stay safe...
Great, now they too can out up with safety briefs, and get emails from HR for not doing the annual online compliance training on time.
If Anonymous wants to really hurt ISIS start finding their fucking money and publish the people and organizations that are selling them things and holding their cash. Twitter hacking is really harmless. 
does they regularly communicate in english like that? that colloquially? 
While rather ineffectual, any time ISIS wastes on defending against anon is time they're not managing to harm people.
According to my vpn, I live in Canada.
&gt;that will occur approximately eight months after the movie leaves theatres


As a point of reference Revenge of the Sith played May through October, Return of the King (for a major December release comparison) played December and just barely into June. If we assume The Force Awakens plays for 5/6 months it won't be out of theaters until May/June 2016 and not on Canadian Netflix until January/February 2017
Star wars:the force awakens, dvd quality, coming soon to torrent. 
A proxy, you must use..
Suck our big fat leaf, world! Finally WE get something goddamn first!
[Roll call: see how your Senators voted.](http://www.senate.gov/legislative/LIS/roll_call_lists/roll_call_vote_cfm.cfm?congress=114&amp;session=1&amp;vote=00291)
Register and vote 'em out.
Well, the Senate has made their decision. Once Obama signs CISA off it becomes law, and then you and I can consider all of our data now under actual government surveillance. Anything we do online can now be seen and shared by many kinds of people in many different agencies, none of which we have any control over.

So, with our 4th amendment rights out the window, what is there to do now?
Dianne Feinstein. Pure evil. Is it time to march yet?
Can't wait for all the computer-illiterate baby boomers to retire. 
 "There are four boxes to be used in the defense of liberty: soap, ballot, jury and ammo. Please use in that order."
And here again Sanders - Nay. Hes on the right side of every fricken issue.
oh fuck. I can't believe you've done this, government.
The thing is it takes all of about 5 seconds to do a Google search and find this information out.  It's like all the Facebook memes out there, political ones specifically, that people see and automatically assume it's true.  It amazes me the number of people that don't do their own separate research to try and learn about something.
And even though the claimed source of the video has been proven to be a fraud in this instance, I'll bet that the hate groups will still be posting this video as "evidence" of support for terrorism in the larger Muslim community for years to come.
This stuff happens so often both in the news and on social media so its really hard to be surprised.

(There is an invisible comment here, someone may be shadowbanned)
this is how it starts, the passing of falsified information through media sources to sway public perception to back controversial methods of engaging in conflict...the rise of social media and the dominion of free speech on the internet makes it harder to distinguish between real and doctored accounts...this video will still be spread by fringe sites and pages spreading further hate because it exists and they know it'll make their stance stronger even though it's been proven fake 
Imagine if Philly taxed pot sales. Imagine the money they could take in. 
By adjusting the laws you can adjust the relationship between police and citizens.   Another example in Pennsylvania is that local police cannot use radar guns to detect speeding.   

http://www.denverpost.com/ci_23347997/pennsylvania-police-still-restricted-from-using-radar-guns

And it does not show up in the traffic death statistics - PA is right in the middle of the pack.

http://www.iihs.org/iihs/topics/t/general-statistics/fatalityfacts/state-by-state-overview

So police lose an 'easy' tool for catching speeders - and it has no impact - except for the police who complain about it (see the attached link).  

Personally - I think police restraint should be the norm.   I'm not saying they should be without tools - but that the tools should be used with restraint and discretion.    


&gt;Lt. John Stanford, the department's spokesman, said he's less willing than some to attribute the drop in overall arrests and citations to a waning of interest in marijuana possession from officers on the street....

&gt;Some of it, he said, might be because officers are prioritizing other crimes.

&gt;"It's not the biggest challenge on our plate," he said. "In some of our areas, we're going to be focused more on shootings and robberies. Marijuana may take a backseat in those situations."

Mndblowing. Unreal that someone could say this with a straight face.
Now the cops have time to go after real criminals.  Its time for full legalization of cannabis.
I wonder how many false alarms there are...
This seems to be the trend. They were warned but nothing was done about it. 

Russia warned the U.S about the 2 Boston Bombers but we failed to follow up, Israel warned just of a massive terror attack after 9/11 but we also failed to act. 
Pope Declares WAR on Christmas!
I will give him that my family does play 'Charades' at Christmas.
Next he'll tell us that Santa isn't real.
By that logic Christmas every year has been a charade. There have been wars everywhere  this is just he first time this is being mentioned because its personal and close to christmas .

Not everyone is part of this war   some people don't believe in the actions at all.  Sometimes the only thing you can do is try to live happy while all this bad stuff around you is happening.   Keeps you sane
This message does not seem aimed at the world at large. Its a specific message for the global economic elite and the supporters of their actions.

Claiming that their Christmas celebrations are a charade when they simultaneously wage war around the world.

&gt;“What shall remain? Ruins, thousands of children without education, so many innocent victims and lots of money in the pockets of arms dealers. Jesus once said: ‘You can not serve two masters: Either God or riches.’ War is the right choice for him, who would serve wealth: ‘Let us build weapons, so that the economy will right itself somewhat, and let us go forward in pursuit of our interests. There is an ugly word the Lord spoke: ‘Cursed!’ Because He said: ‘Blessed are the peacemakers!’ The men who work war, who make war, are cursed, they are criminals,” Francis said.

The Pope also said that war can be justified if it meets many specific conditions. However, the war we see today has no justification beyond economic enrichment of the global elite.

&gt;“A war can be justified — so to speak — with many, many reasons, but when all the world as it is today, at war — piecemeal though that war may be — a little here, a little there, and everywhere — there is no justification — and God weeps. Jesus weeps.”

This is likely referring to what we're seeing in Iraq, Afghanistan, Syria, Ukraine, Yemen, Central Africa, etc. War that exists for geopolitical strategy to enrich the upper class of various countries rather than defence against aggression.

Oh and we just gave Al Qaeda weapons and support in Afghanistan, they turned around and attacked us, we used that as justification for invading Iraq. Then we turn around and give ISIS weapons and support in Syria, they turned around and attacked us, and we used that as justification for getting involved in Syria.

Arming and training groups of mentally ill people to create a fake threat you can use to wage war is not defence against aggression. Russia is even calling our bluff on this by showing how easy it is to bomb and destroy these groups. Meanwhile the US is yelling at them to stop killing our friends, I mean terrorists, I mean allies, I mean radical islamists, I mean refugees, I mean militia, I mean civilians, I mean blah blah blah.

If you want an example of what is going on imagine if the Black Lives Matter protestors met a Russian KGB agent in some back alley somewhere and were supplied with 1,000 RPGs, 10,000 AR-15 rifles, millions of rounds of ammunition, etc as well as training in psychological warfare and clandestine recruiting.

Now imagine an attack in Russia and the government claims to have proof Black Lives Matter was behind it. As a result of this, they claim the US is harboring terrorists and start bombing all of our infrastructure and any location a Black Lives Matter protestor happens to pop up at, real or imaginary. 

This is exactly what is going on today. The terrorists, or Black Lives Matter group, may have some legitimate complaints but they are radicalized and primed to accept violence. All they need is state sponsored backing to properly supply them and they can overnight turn into a global terrorist organization providing all the justification necessary to Russia and any other country that wants to pass new surveillance laws, eliminate civil rights, impose new economic systems, invade other countries incapable of stopping G20 nations, and so on.
...and in years to come there'll be a thread on Reddit entitled 'TIL in 2015 the DoJ said it would pursue individual employees and not one person was ever jailed.
It should be noted that when Eric Holder was Attorney General, nobody was investigated or prosecuted... and then he left the government and [joined a Wall Street firm](http://www.rollingstone.com/politics/news/eric-holder-wall-street-double-agent-comes-in-from-the-cold-20150708).

Now he's gone and "coincidentally" they're going to try and start suing people?

I'm not saying this is an automatic, proof of guilt. But it should definitely raise the needle on people's bullshit detectors when we're talking about people in control of the world's most powerful government.
Charges dropped and law suit won by defendant, yea this was wrongful conduct and evidence of the city covering it's ass and covering for more criminal cops.

Once again police lying and using their badges to commit crimes.
From the article:

* Bridgeton officers allegedly punched and kicked DuBose, at one point “pulling his arms behind his shoulders,” “spraying him with mace,” and “forcing him face down onto the pavement.”

* One officer is said to have turned off his body microphone “so that the assault would not be recorded.”

* Another allegedly officer told a “bloodied” DuBose, “Look at your face now, wise guy.”

* Officers are purported to have taken pictures of an injured DuBose “for their own amusement.”

* One of those images — of DuBose’s bleeding and bruised face — was supposedly later shown to his wife by an officer who said to her, “Wanna see your husband, Missy?”
Nice, tax payers are out 500k, and the cops don't even get a slap on the wrist?
What's that? The Constitution? 

...to shreds you say?
The cop had know way of knowing if the horn was really a loaded gun.  You can't judge these things without being there.
Every police wrong doing has few things in common. 1. Police wrong doing. 2. Settlement without public admission of wrong doing.            
          
Constitution has not been shredded but it can been waived for a fee. What's worse is that people do not give a fuck that "we the people" pay for it and "we the people" take the payment. 
If it's okay for cops to beat citizens for honking their horns, it's okay for citizens to beat cops for honking their horns.

Either the law applies to all of us, or it applies to none.  That's non negotiable.
At this point, I honestly don't know why it's not self defense to just shoot any cop that approaches you.
Russia does have a history giving out dogs to foreign nations. Kruschev gave Kennedy a pup of one of their space dogs.
They should keep an eye on that puppy. If he takes plenty of naps he might be a sleeper agent.
Damn, Russia's new PR firm is fucking killing it. 
I swear I woke up in an alternate reality this morning, the news is so weird.  

But this is a really nice story, those particular puppies are a very highly regarded breed, and they are cute as can be.

:D
Russia making moves these days...
This makes my heart smile. 
&gt;Also, for clarification, Assistant Professor Melissa Click, featured in several videos confronting journalists, is not a faculty member in the Missouri School of Journalism. She is a member of the MU Department of Communication in the College of Arts and Science. In that capacity she holds a courtesy appointment with the School of Journalism. Journalism School faculty members are taking immediate action to review that appointment.

Yea, don't call for "muscle" to fight off journalists.....not cool.

The Mizzou Journalism school is one of the best in the nation. It's a good look for the Dean to stick up for the kid who is doing his job. 
Thank god someone from the administration has at least addressed the situation, I would never have been able to keep a level head and try to argue with people who are beyond reason. The protestors from the students, to the adults, to the faculty there asking for help to physically remove someone from a public space... these people were all infuriating. I hope the actions of these idiots makes this kid's career.
This is pretty professional. Good on them. 

I like how they condemn the protesters actions in a round about way, commending the ESPN guy for his fight against adversity without the school making a statement on the actual beliefs of the protesters.  
Hilarious that the protesters kept the press away... They totally missed the point of protesting.
Can't up vote this enough.

Every dean of journalism from every school in the country needs to publicly denounce Click. It needs to be made abundantly clear this is **NOT** ok.
I'm really concerned that so many college aged kids don't understand what freedom of speech is, nor their professors. 
Janna Basler also needs to be called into question.  She is the Director for Greek life, whatever the fuck that is.  She can be seen repeatedly assaulting Mr Tai and immidiately deny that she did such.  She can also be heard making false accusations of Mr Tai for the exact behavior she is exhibiting and yet denying.  This is a wretched cunt of a human being.  It physically disgusts me that she is responsible in any manner of any aspect  of young adult development in this country

*words
Everyone in that video blocking the reporter should be made to write an essay on 1st Amendment rights and the importance of freedom of the press in order to graduate.
Nothing I do can offend YOU. If you offend me I will scream in your face, make unwanted physical contact with you, threaten you, belittle you, physically force you out of a public place, and try to damage your personal property. I can do this because you hurt my feelings by exercising your rights under the Constitution. 

I hate all these people. 
The Dean should be calling out the first lady in the video as well.  She is reportedly the Assistant Director of Greek Life.
I think it should be pointed out that this statement also includes praise of Tim Tai

&gt;The Missouri School of Journalism is proud of photojournalism senior Tim Tai for how he handled himself during a protest on Carnahan Quad on the University of Missouri campus.
&gt;
&gt;University of Missouri System President Tim Wolfe and University of Missouri-Columbia Chancellor R. Bowen Loftin both resigned on Nov. 9 after complaints and protests of their leadership. Tai was covering the event as a freelancer for ESPN when protesters blocked his access through physical and verbal intimidation.
&gt;
&gt;The news media have First Amendment rights to cover public events. Tai handled himself professionally and with poise.

There seems to be some people here who want to make Tai out to be a bad guy.
The 1st amendment the key here. I can't even put together how there Mizzou protesters have gone from using the media a tool for their cause to being oppressors of free speech and media.  

If you want a safe space from the media do you thing in a private room. 
Does anyone else get an Orwellian feel from today's college students and their agendas? Kind of like Mrs. Parson's junior spies attempting to trap and accuse people of thoughtcrime.
Everyone needs to understand that journalists can literally trigger a special snowflake to death. Students need muscle to defend their safe spaces from hurtful ideas such as intellectual criticism and a sense of proportion.
You know why they were trying to block media right? Dude was sneaking some snacks in a tent in the middle of a "hunger strike".
[deleted]
Kids aren't religious.  They are mimics.
If the only thing that keeps a person decent is the expectation of a divine reward, then, brother, that person is a piece of shit. 
Just to make sure I'm clear on this, the study assumes sharing stickers in kids ages 5-12 = altruism.

That appears to be the basis of the entire study of 1,100 kids across 6 countries, only 1/4 of which were non-religious (so about 50 non-religious kids per country).  I mean... it's not an insignificant sample size, but I'm not sure its meaningful either.
The sample size is tiny and focused on urban areas. How they measure generosity is questionable as well. In other words, this "study" is rather pointless unless you feel the need to feel superior to others.
I'm an atheist and even I question the validity of this click bait biased "study".
Kids are utter punks regardless of what imaginary superman their parents tell them to believe in. Also kids that are punks early in life can potentially become nice adults and vis-versa. This article is at best a conversation piece, at worst a inflammatory writings of a nobody.
The findings are inconsequential and nothing but porn to aid in secular circle jerking.

So the picture in the article is of a game called gaga ball - a "kinder, gentler" game of dodgeball.  I feel sorry kids growing up nowadays.  


ITT: Religion bashing and lots of anecdotal support. 
I don't know how so many christian churches got twisted around. I've read their book, and the second half is pretty good. You know, love your neighbors, treat people with respect, act like the nicest guy who ever lived cause he died so you can gamble heavy on football. 

And yet, never have I found a more hateful brood. My neighbor, a christian, told me poor people are only poor through faults of their own. He's against helping the poor by any means and considers them with disdain. One time I interrupted his rant to ask if that's what Jesus would say too, and he fumbled around, got uncomfortable, then said, "Jesus would want people to work for what they've got." Right, before he split those loaves of bread into 5000 gourmet sandwiches, he said, "but first get a job"
I'm probably going to get swarmed by all the "Hurr durr I always knew religion was bad" comments, but I need to say that this study does not show that religion is the cause *per se*. It could be that shitty parents tend to be religious and therefore raise shitty kids.

Correlation =/= Causation
Reddit is full of atheists, study finds. 

Why is this news?
they aren't to nice to the gays either. My religious roommate moved out because I was gay and did not believe in what he believed in.
Wasn't the DEA just told to stop enforcing marijuana laws in states that have legalized it? How is this different?
 Because you know,  hemp is bad.

Unfortunately ately this is what a lot of older people believe. Years ago the topic of hemp came up and I mentioned in front of some family members we should make it legal because, you know, it isn't weed if that is what they were worried about.

Nope, apparently hemp is an addictive drug! And they aren't the only ones who believe that, I have run into a few people over the years who think the same way.

I just don't get it.
On Tribal lands?  I thought the fed government had no jurisdiction there...
Interesting that "court" is not mentioned once.  A prosecutor and DA are the only due process which this article mentions.  To enforce the will of the DA's abbreviated due process, storm troopers are used.

 I wonder if it will cost taxpayers like me more because court wasn't used right from the outset before the use of the stormtroopers.  My guess is that this will be a costly mistake by the DA.
Stop reporting police in tactical gear. Call it what it is, military gear. Police are turning into an occupying army. Nothing more but nothing less.
The whole premise of 'Islamophobia' is a challenging one because it involves the idea that we should somehow not speak up against those who discriminate against other people like gay and non muslim people. You can be against bigotry and hate and support 9-11 memorials. You can love your muslim friends and family without having to tiptoe around the fact that 9-11 was conducted in the name of islam. 
[deleted]
&gt;The much more vocal, and supported, opposition was the argument that it could spread fear of Islam, he said. They’re not allowed to applaud but they can snap to indicate agreement, he said.

JFC you can't clap at meetings.  I can't even believe I just read that.
Instead of rearranging everything because a handful of people *might* be harassed by assholes, why not just deal with harassment if/when it actually happens? Seems backwards to me.
Hey you know what else helps not spread islamophobia? Not perpetrating 911 in the name of Islam.
A -phobia means "irrational fear of..."

There's nothing irrational of being afraid of terrorists
They are saying that being politically correct and not dealing with a few assholes who harass unnecessarily is more important than remembering thousands of our brothers and sisters who died.

K.
Sending them my diploma back.
My state (Massachusetts) is not accepting refugees. They seem to have more privileges in Europe, but I may be wrong considering I haven't heard much about what benefits they get in the US.
I can't decide where I stand on this issue. I agree fundamentally with the idea of accepting refugees fleeing a war-torn country. However, I have noticed so many examples of radical Islam causing problems in multiple countries. Not just the attacks in Paris, but violent protests in the UK and eastern block. Additionally, the attacks that have already happened in America as a result of radical Islam. Will turning away refugees end violence in America? No. I understand that any sample of 10,000 people will contain individuals who see violence as a means to an end. But I also believe, politically correct or not, that a group of 10,000 Muslims will contain more violent individuals than a group of 10,000 Jews, Christians, Buddhists, Hindus, or Atheists.
Oh Texas Senator Ted Cruz upped that game with a compromise-

[Let's only allow in *Christian* Syrians](http://www.newyorker.com/news/amy-davidson/ted-cruzs-religious-test-for-syrian-refugees).  No Muslims allowed.

One thing is odd that the refugees, if they just want to get out the war zone, why cherry pick their relocation designations?

For example, refugees that Canada accepted refuse to go to the province of Saskatchewan (a mainly agriculture state with no real big developed cities). Another example is that the refugees in Europe wants to go to the "better" European countries, the ones with highest social benefits.

That kind of behaviour really doesn't sound like "I want to live don't make me go back to a warzone" type.
There are plenty of Arab countries not taking them either and for the exact reasons being discussed here. Saudi Arabia has the ability to shelter hundreds of thousands of them in the military cities and bases constructed to house western forces in time of war.  Those facilities are modern, maintained, have fresh water and are 100% empty.  Why do you think that is?  The direct neighbor and arguably the most capable nation on earth to house them knows that they are a security nightmare.  It's why the call for safe havens in Syria or Iraq is getting louder over there.  It is no longer an academic discussion regarding whether terrorists can hide amongst the refugees.  At least one and possibly two of the Paris attackers did it just one month ago to get to Paris.  Until the government presents a complete and detailed breakdown of how they intend to provide for the safety of the citizens of the U.S., these governors have every right to object and advocate for their citizens.  Wishful thinking and hoping for the best are not components of a successful outcome to this issue
"Give us your tired, your hungry, your--" 

"Yo, fuck that. Send the South Asian engineers and screw the rest." 

------------

This New Yorker hopes we can take care of a whole mess of refugees. The Muslim communities in NYC and North Jersey are remarkable and they've been instrumental in revitalizing and improving neighborhoods in the outer boroughs, even if the burqas creep me out on the subway from time to time. 

Here's hoping Cuomo doesn't join in this demagoguery. 
This is a bit of an overstatement as governors do not have the authority to not accept refugees, this is entirely in the realm of the powers of the President. They can say they don't want to, but that's it. 
We are accepting very, very few refugees compared to other countries.  
  
This is nothing more than blatant pandering to voters.  
It's not ironic that people brayed for war, and now people are braying against the refugees that their war caused.


edit: added "not", per DH comment
Only in this bizzaro world could a state refusing to have tens of thousands of foreign nationals dumped onto their welfare rolls be characterized as an "insurrection." It's called defending one's state from an insidious and malevolent central government gone amok.
I guess some of those that run forces *are* the ones who burn crosses. Huh.
lol, why are white supremacists always so doughy?

Like if every white supremacist was some 6'4" blond adonis I'd probably consider that maybe they're on to something about the genetic superiority of the white man.

If they all looked like Dolph Lundgren and had to educational and physical achievements of Dolph Lundgren I'd have a hard time arguing against them.

Yet every time you see a picture they're like some toothless hillbilly or look like they were really into Korn in middle school.
&gt; “The picture speaks for itself,” Mott said. “I’m standing at a rally against illegal immigration. There’s not much to be said about the picture. I’ve never denied it was me.”

Not exactly apologetic.
Bigots in the police dept?  No, can't be.
This happened over 2 months ago. 
The whole department should be under scrutiny.  You mean to tell me that nobody knew shit until that pic surfaced? 
University students in Missouri protest a perceived climate of racism. Reddit roundly and repeatedly denounces them and questions every detail. Fine. Cop in North Carolina exposed as KKK. Reddit defends his right to free speech and freedom of association. Not arguing in defense of some of the figures involved in the Missouri U thing, but reddit's responses are forming a predictable larger picture.
Impossible. Reddit told me this sort of thing doesn't happen and that racists weren't in positions of power.
Generic "this does not represent the values of Tyson chicken blah blah blah" response in 3...2...1...
I know nobody likes to talk about this, but a big part of the reason this happens is the demand for cheap meat. Everybody "feels really bad" for these poor chickens having a miserable 32 days on this planet (the average age a chicken is slaughtered at), but I don't see people complaining about the price of the $1.88 boneless skinless chicken breast my store has on sale every other week. Same with the beef and the pork. Free-range and pasture-raised meat does tend to have a higher quality of life, but that rarely factors into people's purchasing decisions. Usually the response is "$8 a pound for chicken breast? That's ridiculous." But that's the cost of eschewing the factory farm method. 

I can't help but internally shake my head when people turn their noses up at farm-raised fish either. Farm-raised fish is sustainable if done properly. It's in the farmers' interests to keep things going, after all. Wild-caught not so much. We're overfishing our oceans to a ridiculous degree and, again, nobody cares. They just want that $7.99/lb salmon. 
Jesus Christ. I am a meat eater, but there is just no excuse for that bullshit. Maybe these companies shouldn't hire the scum of the earth.
Somehow, I dont think this is company policy.  I mean, its bot like doing it this way makes it more efficient or the meat taste better or anything. 

Just sociopaths man. 
More stuff about "metadata." In reality, everything is logged. 


[NSA 'offers intelligence to British counterparts to skirt UK law'](http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2013/jun/10/nsa-offers-intelligence-british-counterparts-blunkett)

[NSA shares raw intelligence including Americans' data with Israel](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/sep/11/nsa-americans-personal-data-israel-documents)

["Britain's GCHQ intelligence agency can spy on anyone but British nationals, the NSA can conduct surveillance on anyone but Americans, and Germany's BND (Bundesnachrichtendienst) foreign intelligence agency can spy on anyone but Germans. That's how a matrix is created of boundless surveillance in which each partner aids in a division of roles.](http://www.spiegel.de/international/world/secret-documents-nsa-targeted-germany-and-eu-buildings-a-908609.html)


Ah yes, Obama, our most transparent President ever...
Is *anyone* surprised? 
The NSA is a criminal organization that needs to be dismantled.
Way to gamble with the city's future. 
Please let there be an episode of Always Sunny in Philadelphia that uses this.

They try to vote multiple times and win, Charlie has to dress up in a ridiculous outfit and sound sophisticated (wears a tweed jacked with holes in it).
A Chicago area official  offered raffle tickets for people who had voting receipts and it was deemed illegal---a felony in fact---so it was called off.

This doesn't seem right that they are allowed to do this.
if your goal is to maximize uninformed votes this is a great start. 
Something about paying one's citizens to vote doesn't set well with me. 

If you're so uninvolved and apathetic that you can't be bothered to inform yourself and mark a ballot -- let alone run for city office-- you *deserve* to be treated like mindless cattle. 
It's Mothers Against Drunk Driving, not Mothers Against Drinking.  That would be just MAD.
It's funny as hell but the guy wasn't driving so not ironic.  Also sounds like he was suspended for a day and wrote and apology letter.  Seems like appropriate punishment.
Its in poor taste, but as long as the deputy didn't drive while they were drunk, I Don't see that this is a big deal.
6 or 7 years ago I had to drive a friend with a suspended license to/from a mandatory MADD lecture held at a court house, so I decided to stick around. It was cold and i did not want to just sit in the car outside for an hour, so I went in with him. First, a County Sherif did not like that I was "too slow" to put my belt and shoes back on after going through a metal detector, so he shoved me so hard that my phone fell out of my shirt pocket. He then proceeded to kick it across the room and broke the glass. Then we go to the sign-in table and they **demand** a "$20 donation". Neither one of us had any cash, so we got cursed out by one of the volunteers how we are "fucking low life murderers". Not everyone who comes to those meetings is a low life scum, drunk and a murderer, but they don't give a shit. Fuck MADD and their self-righteous attitudes. They've lost their way long time ago.

Edit: County Sherif, not US Marshal
And here was stupid me, thinking the police were there to stop people from taking my stuff.
&gt;And according to the Institute for Justice's report, in most states the typical forfeiture amount is very small. The median forfeiture case in Illinois is worth $530

$530 is a lot of money for the vast majority of this country.
Civil Forfeiture is the new Highway robbery expect it's done by the state to not only justify the police budget but also supplement it. It's gonna take a serious stand by the public, politicians, and lawyers to even make a difference in this despicable practice. Although nobody cares until it happens to them. 
&gt;the **median** amount seized in forfeiture actions in Philadelphia amounted to $192. These forfeiture actions were concentrated in the city's poorest neighborhoods

Think about that next time you say black people need to work harder.

Imagine you're just driving in your crappy car, in your crappy neighborhood coming home from cashing your check from your crappy job, and the police stop you, charge your money with a crime and take $192 from you... or whatever you have, even if it's just $40.

[deleted]
I'm from Houston. This took place in Katy which is a suburb west of Houston. There was some additional information about the investigation on the news tonight.

Reportedly they talked to 8 of the 20 students in the class, and  none of them corroborated the little girl's (Wooley) claim. Also, Wooley stated that the assignment was 40% of the student's grade while the teacher, principal, and school board say it was an ungraded assignment.

It seems to me that the little girl probably misunderstood what the teacher was saying and got upset. Then the mother took it and blew it out of proportion. If other kids were really upset about this assignment, why haven't they or their parents come forward yet?

Could the teacher have discussed a sensitive issue like this in a better way? In hindsight, probably. But obviously she isn't the God hating radical that fails kids unless they say that God isn't real. Her statement released by the school mentions her "Christian faith." 

Also, I don't believe the claim that it was 40% of the class's grade. A simple one page in class assignment wouldn't be worth that much. A grade weighted that heavily would be for a final exam. Maybe not even that! 
My kindergarten PE teacher told us that Santa wasn't real. They fired him. 
I had an English teacher that did something very similar, in that he conducted a unit on myths in general, and when it came time to talk about the different creation myths, he included the Genesis account of the world creation right along in with the Hindu and several other Native American myths. No one had a problem with this, and his assertion was that there was no reason to accept one story over the other as non-mythical.

I happened to also know, though he did not make this known to the entire class, that he was, in fact, a very active member of his church, and taught Sunday school there as well. He was one of the best teachers I ever had. Thanks Mr. Cody.
I heard this all the time about Greek and Egyptian gods.  No harm.  I still worship them 
This really seems to be semantics. The little girl in the video that shows the assignment says that the teacher told her the only answer for "There is a god" is either FACT, OPINION, or COMMONLY HELD ASSERTION... but little girl is the one who said that MYTH is another word for COMMONLY HELD ASSERTION. So out of the three options the only one that would have not upset this little girl is if the teacher said that it was a fact, which is basically the little girls OPINION. Jesus, this is fucking stupid. 


&gt; “For her to tell me my religion was wrong shocked me,” Wooley says. “To me there is a God.”

That is an opinion. Everything else is bullshit.



This is a strange story. The homework assignment itself is literally not controversial at all. They had to decide if the statements were opinions, facts, or commonplace assertions. This is a fantastic way of explaining to kids that just because your parents call their beliefs a fact doesn't make it so. The assignment is brilliant.

But reading the article, the classroom seemed to have gotten a bit heated. This is now a students versus the teacher situation so it's going to be extremely difficult figuring out what really happened. If the students can be believed then the teacher handled the situation very poorly and should be disciplined. There are other methods of explaining what a commonplace assertion is rather than just yelling, "you're wrong, God is a myth!"

However, this wouldn't be the first time kids have lied together to try getting a teacher in trouble. I really hope a good teacher isn't fired for no reason here. 

I take no sides because I wasn't in the classroom.
&gt; She added: “When I tried to argue she told me to prove it and I tried to offer things such as the Bible and stories that I’ve read before from people who have died and went to Heaven, but have come back and told their stories.”

Well, with those concrete sources, who's to deny her opinion on the matter?
FTA:

&gt; “In New York, California, Vermont, the liberal states, I could totally see this as happening,” Wooley told KRIV. “But in Houston, Texas, where it’s red, white, and blue, and stars all over, and God bless the USA, and ‘Don’t Mess With Texas’, you know, Texas is messing with my kid.”

What the hell is wrong with this woman? Using her daughters time in the limelight to bash on liberals who have nothing to do with what her daughter is being taught in school. Classy.
Definition of a myth from Google

&gt;a traditional story, especially one concerning the early history of a people or explaining some natural or social phenomenon, and typically involving supernatural beings or events.

Why is this controversial? Even the most devout Christian should accept that the Bible is full of myths. 
&gt; "In New York, California, Vermont, the liberal states, I could totally see this as happening,” Wooley told KRIV. “But in Houston, Texas, where it’s red, white, and blue, and stars all over, and God bless the USA, and ‘Don’t Mess With Texas’, you know, Texas is messing with my kid.”


That about sums it up.  Great argument there, Chantel. If shes anything like you, I look forward to your offspring's contributions to society.
[removed]
This is why you don't want to have teachers talking about god.
&gt;“In New York, California, Vermont, the liberal states, I could totally see this as happening,” Wooley told KRIV. “But in Houston, Texas, where it’s red, white, and blue, and stars all over, and God bless the USA, and ‘Don’t Mess With Texas’, you know, Texas is messing with my kid.”

Religion and patriotism knotted together.  After that kind of daily brainwashing I don't hold out much hope for these kids.
&gt;“When I tried to argue she told me to prove it and I tried to offer things such as the Bible and stories that I’ve read before from people who have died and went to Heaven, but have come back and told their stories.”

Stories from the Bible are clearly not proof.  Neither are stories that you read before from "people that have died and went to Heaven, but have come back and told their stories." Hopefully the teacher can explain to the children what is proof and what is not.
Why is religion still being imposed on children ? If their parents are religious then they will be taught it at home, its not down to schools to tell kids what they should believe. 
The teacher's statement is inaccurate. God is a character in a series of myths. 
Add Ohio to the list http://www.dispatch.com/content/stories/local/2015/11/16/kasich-syria-refugees-ohio.html
Add Arkansas to the list:

https://twitter.com/AsaHutchinson/status/666281290883166208

Rand Paul is proposing a bill that would bar all refugees from entering until a stringent background check system is put in place for them. Europe's problem was that they basically just let anyone in. I'm all for accepting refugees, but you have to know who you're accepting 

edit: "Today I introduced a bill that calls for an immediate moratorium on visas for refugees. My bill will also stop all refugees as well as others from obtaining visas to immigrate, visit, or study in the U.S. from about 30 countries that have significant jihadist movements. This bill will be paid for with a special tax on arms sales to any of these countries."- Rand Paul
Can states dictate who can and can't live there? I thought international travel falls under federal jurisdiction 
[deleted]
I understand why you wouldn't want a bunch of refugees, especially from a dangerous region, in your backyard.

But, I'm sure this is precisely what ISIS is counting on as the West's reaction to the Paris attacks. They are trying to build a state, and you just can't do that without people. ISIS wants those people in Syria and Iraq, so they can keep them as conscripts, (sex) slaves, etc.

Please consider the morality of sending these people back to the desperate situation they are fleeing. Please consider that even people who aren't like you, and who seem like scary outsiders, are still humans, created by God, and endowed with the right to life and liberty, and all that other stuff you *claim* to believe in.
Gonna get buried but fuck it. You know what this shit right here is? This is what ISIS winning looks like. Somehow ISIS, on the other side of the globe, can change our historic policy of being the most open nation on earth by making vague threats about slipping some terrorists in with legit refugees. Fuck em, we're the goddamn USA, we can handle new immigrants, we are all immigrants here, the country is built on the idea that people can leave their shitty country and make a new life here. Fuck ISIS and their mind games, we are the best country on earth at integrating new people into our society and we should keep doing it, not cowing to threats and letting that shape our way of life. We have security measures, we have vetting processes, we have law enforcement, we have the NSA. Let's use them to weed out terrorists that might try and slip in while staying true to our values. Don't let ISIS win with fear.

Edit: Ummmmm, Gold? alright then :D
Can someone ELI5 why Obama and the Democrats are so determined to bring 200,000 Syrians over here? It seems like the majority of Amercians are against this, so why are they still forcing it?
Good, as a European, nothing good has EVER come from importing large amounts of uneducated, religious people.
[deleted]
"Let's take these people in and pay their way  while we ignore our growing pension problems, outrageous health care costs, poorly funded education systems, breaking down transit systems, lack of reasonable public transportation, the homeless, the disabled, the elderly, the hungry, and our veterans"
And because of that the city has now exposed itself to liability.   
Drinking water engineer here.  The problem is that the ACH didn't remove organics enough which caused DBP production to rise after injection of chlorine and contact time with the distribution system.  I've been to the Sacramento water treatment plant and intakes.  Also, Sacramento injects fluoride.

High DBPs are common throughout the country, especially with surface water sources (of which Sacramento uses).

AMA.
Throughout the entire article, their excuse was: the carcinogen was cheaper. Then at the end they say the carcinogen wasn't actually cheaper?

What really happened? They did a bad job of investigating this story. 
Comply or die is reality now. 
I watched the video of the murder. Every time she yelled at the poor man to show his hands, he did. Then she killed him.

The jury got it wrong.

She's a menace to the public and should never hold a gun again.
Former Hummelstown resident here. This woman Mearkle has had a reputation as being adversarial even during minor traffic issues before this even went down. Also local rumor that she knew the man she killed was a drug addict and would basically stalk him around town to try and bust him.
I can't attest to whether that rumor is true or not but had a dealing with her where she tried to accuse me of breaking into my own car.
"naww, this is gonna be another one of those questionable scenarios where reddit goes up in arms even though the guy is exhibiting threatening behavior"

....

"Damn, that bitch murdered that guy"
&gt;Mearkle testified Wednesday that she believed her life was in danger.

That's exactly what she was taught to say when she shoots someone.
This is the standard reply from police that kill unarmed suspects now. 

"I thought they had a weapon, I feared for my life."

She shot him after tazering him several times. 

Really? Is your bloodlust so high that you need to kill a person over expired car stickers? 


Was he on the ground when he was shot? 
Meanwhile, over at /r/protectandserve, [comments](https://www.reddit.com/r/ProtectAndServe/comments/3rpklx/what_is_your_guys_opinion_on_the_video_linked/) on this shooting go as follows:


You should read rule 4 [Do not post material such as "Cops Harass Man for Filming"...]

Run from police &gt; refuse to show hands &gt; keep reaching inside jacket = you might get shot

you show them your goddamn hands or risk getting lit up. Starfish motherfucker.

It's not some bootlicking Gestapo philosophy to obey the commands of a police officer ...   it was justified. 

Its a shame that this could have been prevented by him complying 

Opinions are irrelevant. The jury made THEIR decision.

[Of the person who posted the video] He's not looking for discussion, he's looking to argue.

Nothing about her actions constituted any of the charges.

Run from the police. Refuse to follow instructions even after being tased. Get shot.

This guy didn't react as though the probes had good contact and his hands appear to go for his jacket. Combined with the fact he ran from Police..

Why do you people even fucking come here? 

She was acquitted for reasonable cause. Why not agree with it for once?

The jury defended the officers actions. Does that make you angry? I hope so.

the guy kept going into his jacket/waistline. No telling what he was reaching for.

he would never have been in that situation if he didn't run, then resist her lawful orders.


I'm sick of this shit. 
This fucking kills me. Her comments after the verdict indicate that she believes she is the victim, a victim of the DA. Dumb bitch. I am an atheist but I hope there is a very special hell for this coward who was too afraid to do her job in a proper manner. If you're too afraid of a fleeing subject to not use deadly force as your first option, wait for backup. Or simply go to his house at a later date and give him a fucking ticket.
Video http://www.pennlive.com/news/2015/11/watch_lisa_mearkle_video.html


Fucking cold blooded murder. In the middle of being tazed, in the middle of the muscle convulsions preventing him from having any real control, this fucking coward gunned him down. 

Yeah, I cursed in my post. Because I'm pissed. Because I'm sick of all the circle jerking that goes on. "But you're not a cop! You don't know appropriate force on the situation!" 

An unarmed man died. He was shot in the back. For an inspection sticker. If you support this woman, or any cop that exhibits this behavior, then fuck you. 


Edit: Why is the basis of "assumption of possession of weapon" grounds for taking a life? 
From the article:

&gt; Mearkle, 37, shot and killed 59-year-old David Kassick in February after he fled from her attempt to stop him for an expired auto inspection sticker. The fatal encounter occurred in back of the South Hanover Township home of Kassick's sister.

&gt; Mearkle shot Kassick twice in the back after shocking him repeatedly with her Taser.

Our system is fundamentally broken. 

[There's a video of the shooting but as it isn't being released](http://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2015/apr/19/pennsylvania-police-homicide-taser-video-shooting-david-kassick)

Why? According to the prosecutor, the [video shows](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/post-nation/wp/2015/03/24/pa-officer-charged-with-fatally-shooting-unarmed-man-in-the-back-as-he-was-lying-face-down/): *the time Officer Mearkle fires both rounds from her pistol, the video clearly depicts Kassick lying on the snow covered lawn with his face toward the ground,”according to the criminal complaint. “Furthermore, at the time the rounds are fired nothing can be seen in either of Kassick’s hands, nor does he point or direct anything toward Officer Mearkle.”*
I'm a scientist that works on EHEC and comes from a plant pathology background. You're probably fine eating at other Chipotle locations - it seems to be contained to that region, and their decision was certainly influenced by epidemiologists. They should be able to track down the source very soon, genomes of the pathogens may have already been sequenced (welcome to the future!). As for the disease, it's bad, but rarely if ever fatal for healthy adults or advanced adolescents. It can be a life threatening disease for small children and the elderly, however. The disease is caused by strains of E. coli that both can cause diarrhea and make a protein called Shiga toxin. This proteinaceous toxin damages kidneys, which causes the presence of blood in urine, giving rise to the disease name: hemolytic uremic syndrome or HUS.

As for blame - Chipolte would be at fault if the problem comes down to one of their cooking practices, such as improper heating of food. It is more likely that the problem is with fresh produce, and there may be little that they could have done to prevent this issue. Farming practices, including organic, usually produce safe food. This doesn't have anything to do with their focus on non-GMO or anything else. In other words, you'll have to wait before directing your ire at someone.

If they would irradiate their food, however, it could prevent these illnesses, but they are rightfully afraid customers will balk (this assumes that Chipotle does not irradiate their food already).

*TL;DR- This bug is bad, but super bad for small children and old folks. Blaming Chipotle now is premature. Irradiate all the foods!*

Source - am a scientist, been to many talks on EHEC, work on foodborne pathogens as a job.

[FDA's Food irradiation sheet (TL;DR - astronauts eat irradiated food because who wants to get the runs in space?)](http://www.fda.gov/Food/ResourcesForYou/Consumers/ucm261680.htm)
News is making line shorter, I approve
I'm going there for lunch and probably dinner
**C** H **I** P **O** T **L E**


Unscramble.


^It ^was ^there ^all ^along.
People who can't understand that other people have the same rights that they have deserve to be ridiculed.
She just lost her "courtesy title". http://myinforms.com/en/a/18958916-mu-j-school-to-remove-courtesy-title-from-professor-following-protest-video/ Things are moving quickly at Mizzou 
&gt;"Hey hey, ho ho, reporters have got to go,"

That sounds like something out of a cartoon. 

These people are so hypocritical; they make demands and invited people for a "scoop", then try to remove them and try to hide after the fact. What do they think they're doing? This isn't the way to garner attention towards an issue, this just makes them look more like children who can't handle normal interactions. 
[removed]
&gt; Concerned Students 1950 has said that it asked "for no media in the parameters so the place where people live, fellowship, &amp; sleep can be protected from twisted insincere narratives."

If that's really what they said and not a typo, it sounds like they need to spend more time in an English classroom and less time making fools out of themselves.  
[deleted]
Great. I'm happy that she is facing backlash 


Fire her and blacklist her from any administrative positions
&gt;Melissa Click, an assistant professor of mass media at the university's School of Communications, apologized Tuesday to the campus community and to "journalists at large" for hindering a photographer and cameraman who were trying to document the protests over racism on campus

Oh fuck off you're just embarrassed you got caught pandering to these dickheads and are now realising how fucking stupid you've been.  Get out of education, it is not for you.
It gets even better:

The family of Jonathan Butler, who went on the hunger strike, apparently has a net-worth of 20+ million.

He is literally a member of the 1%.
"Concerned Student 1950, a student and faculty group that says it seeks the "liberation of black collegiate students.""

I didn't realize Missouri was holding them there against their will.  That changes everything. 
If you watch the longer video people are calling for the cops to remove the reporter which is just insane. These same people call the cops murderers and film them every chance they get. They are the most oblivious people in the world 
So, let me get this straight...

1. Poop swastika is fake.
http://thefederalist.com/2015/11/10/was-the-poop-swastika-incident-at-mizzou-a-giant-hoax/

2. Retracted "Racists yelled at me." Statement.
https://twitter.com/ClayTravisBGID/status/664322028355366912

3. Hunger strike kid is son of a millionaire railroad monopoly man.
http://www.stltoday.com/lifestyles/columns/joe-holleman/mizzou-hunger-strike-figure-from-omaha-son-of-top-railroad/article_20630c03-2a68-5e63-9585-edde16fe05f3.html

4. Hunger strike kids family is part of a church group that hates homosexuals.
https://archive.is/uKs7X

5. The prime aggressors in this protest are all privileged white and/or rich people.

https://communication.missouri.edu/faculty/click

6. Clicks PHD is about writing twilight fan-fiction.

https://communication.missouri.edu/faculty/click

Bravo, 20XX social justice. Once again your hypocrisy, greed, and lack of self reflection are stunning looks into skeletons in your closets you wish to redeem, but you just can't do so because regardless of how hard you try, you will always be terrible naive people who if slightly pushed, could become great fascists.

Mass Media Professor fails to understand Mass Media, loses job.

God, I love the internet.
A hen mother to the mental illness taking over the education system. students of hers will enjoy a lackluster life where they whine and demand special treatment for the rest of their lives. Truly sad y'all.  
I was listening to racist apologists on NPR justifying the actions of the protesters today. They were talking about how the same things happened in the 60s and how the school is racist for not having more black students.

I'm sorry, but a swastika and random white dudes yelling a racial slur is nothing like the 60s. The protesters acted like the Dean was spraying them with fire hoses and letting dogs bite them. This whole thing is absolutely ridiculous.
[deleted]
Short, pale, Communications (with a specialization in analyzing softcore porn and feminist meaning in mass media)  professor with curly red hair and purple horn-rimmed glasses.  There has never been a more perfect South Park character in real life.  It's like she is TRYING to be a caricature of the stereo-typically useless SJW academic. 
I can't decide what's worse, the few racial situations that have happened on campus the last couple of years.  OR the Racists camping out in the middle of campus???
She's actually wearing those textbook SJW glasses. Wow.

Real life &gt; satire 
It's absolutely ridiculous/hilarious/sad that the "leadership" of this pro-Black movement is a bunch of white middle- to upper-class people. White people telling everyone else what black people are feeling/doing and how they should act and organize is the definition of racism. Sounds like some fucked up quasi-plantation system where the black people are the ones going on hunger strikes and boycotting football games and skipping classes while the white folk pulling the strings get all the pub and media attention.

Some equality...
Entitled brat pieces of human garbage. Coddled from birth and now protest anything if everything doesn't go their way. I hope reality kicks them in the balls in a couple years. But this lunatic was probably just like them 20 years ago. GET THA MUSCLE TUMBLRINA ARMY!
I'm a long time liberal.

Except when I was younger it was about, "Fuck you, people can express themselves however they want."

Now it's become, "HEY!  YOU CAN'T SAY THAT! MUH FEELINGS!"

Fuck this country.

I'm voting Trump.
What's even worse is a lot of times they ask about *arrests* and not just *convictions*.  Kind of goes against the whole "innocent until proven guilty" mantra.
becomes mostly irrelevant if the company does a background check...but IMO this is a step in the right direction. Criminals have no chance of living a lawful life if they cannot be gainfully employed.

of course  the govt could avoid this further by not criminalizing so much stupid little shit
A governmental agency supressing information that would harm one of the industries its supposed to be regulating. SHOCKER! 
What the hell, all the way in Honduras?
Finally, Honduras does something right!

I'm Honduran, and my country is a shithole, what can I say? I'm excited to see some good news to come out of my stupid country, instead of just sad shit like always.
#refugeeswelcome ... so long as they wind up no where near the ass holes making these decisions. 
I love how articles like these are being ignored by redditors.
Well... Yeah. Take five spent casings from the same handgun firing the same ammunition and they'll all look a little different. Now fire five more casings from a different brand of ammo in that same handgun and let me know where a single, repeatable, identifiable marking is on any of those casings.

Anyone who suggests we use firing pins with stamps on them should consider the effects of wear on the stamp mechanism, the type of metal used in primers, and the ability of the common individual to obtain a nail file.
I bet it made some client of a lobbyist very rich though. 
&gt;"Obviously, I'm disappointed," said former Gov. Parris N. Glendening, a Democrat whose administration pushed for the database to fulfill a campaign promise. "It's a little unfortunate, in that logic and **common sense** suggest that it would be a good crime-fighting tool."

Hey look, an admission that what he thinks is common sense isnt really.
Another failed example of people thinking real life works like (e.g. CSI on) TV.
Another example of why registries won't work. The proposed methods of tracking guns used in crimes are ineffective fantasies based on junk science. 
I used to work for the company that manufactured the system used by the Maryland registry ([Forensic Technology](http://www.ultra-forensictechnology.com/), now owned by Ultra Electronics).  The technology itself works just fine.  If you take two bullets or cartridge cases fired from the same gun and put them in the system, it will correlate the two as being highly similar.  This system has been successfully used all over the world to generate multiple thousands of investigative leads, often between two pieces of evidence where investigators had no prior knowledge of a connection.  That's where the system provided the most value.

The evidence in crime systems such as NIBIN comes from bullets and shell casings recovered from crime scenes, and from confiscated weapons.  In both cases those evidence items are of high value to investigators, and the more evidence acquired, the better the chances of discovering a "hit" between two pieces of evidence.  

Now contrast that to the Maryland system.  Registration evidence from law-abiding gun owners is inherently of very little value to investigators.  Anyone willing to go through the process of legally acquiring a gun in Maryland is probably not a criminal.  In the rare cases where a legally registered gun was linked to a crime it would fall in one of two categories:

* Crime of passion / heat of the moment.  A gun owner used their legally obtained gun to commit a crime on the spur of the moment.  By and large, investigators didn't need a complicated system to tell them whodunit, they'd generally have all the evidence needed to arrest.
* Stolen gun.  A registered gun is linked to a crime, but the legal owner reported it stolen ages ago.  That knowledge that a gun was legally purchases by John Q. Public and stolen years ago is exceedingly unlikely to be useful to investigators.
This is usually how it works form pesticides to medicine. It's up to the organization that is producing it to prove that it is safe. Otherwise you would have to drastically increase the funding and resources of the EPA/FDA/USDA. 
  
Also in relationship to glyphosate being an EDC the EPA is running a new testing assessment for a handful of commonly used chemicals testing for EDC abilities. 
  
[The evidence does not support that glyphosate is an endocrine disruptor.](http://www2.epa.gov/sites/production/files/2015-06/documents/glyphosate-417300_2015-06-29_txr0057175.pdf)
  
**Edit:** Here are a handful of studies/reviews of glyphosate. Some using research sourced from Monsanto and some from government analysis of farmers and pesticide applicators. 
  
[European Review of Glyphosate finding it poses no significant risk to humans](http://ec.europa.eu/food/fs/ph_ps/pro/eva/existing/list1_glyphosate_en.pdf)
  

[Safety Evaluation and Risk Assessment of the Herbicide Roundup and Its Active Ingredient, Glyphosate, for Humans](http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0273230099913715)
  
&gt;Therefore, it is concluded that the use of Roundup herbicide does not result in adverse effects on development, reproduction, or endocrine systems in humans and other mammals. For purposes of risk assessment, no-observed-adverse-effect levels (NOAELs) were identified for all subchronic, chronic, developmental, and reproduction studies with glyphosate, AMPA, and POEA. 
  
-[Full PDF](http://www.msal.gov.ar/agroquimicos/pdf/Williams-et-al-2000.pdf)
  
  
  
[Developmental and reproductive outcomes in humans and animals after glyphosate exposure: a critical analysis.](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22202229)
  
&gt;To estimate potential human exposure concentrations to glyphosate as a result of working directly with the herbicide, available biomonitoring data were examined. These data demonstrated extremely low human exposures as a result of normal application practices. Furthermore, the estimated exposure concentrations in humans are &gt;500-fold less than the oral reference dose for glyphosate of 2 mg/kg/d set by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (U.S. EPA 1993). In conclusion, the available literature shows no solid evidence linking glyphosate exposure to adverse developmental or reproductive effects at environmentally realistic exposure concentrations.
  
[Epidemiologic studies of glyphosate and non-cancer health outcomes: a review.](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21798302)
  
&gt;Our review found no evidence of a consistent pattern of positive associations indicating a causal relationship between any disease and exposure to glyphosate. Most reported associations were weak and not significantly different from 1.0. Because accurate exposure measurement is crucial for valid results, it is recommended that pesticide-specific exposure algorithms be developed and validated.

[Review of genotoxicity studies of glyphosate and glyphosate-based formulations](http://informahealthcare.com/doi/abs/10.3109/10408444.2013.770820#.)

  
  [WHO safety analysis of glyphosate based off of many animal studies.](http://whqlibdoc.who.int/publications/2006/9241665203_eng.pdf)
  
  


[Evaluation of carcinogenic potential of the herbicide glyphosate, drawing on tumor incidence data from fourteen chronic/carcinogenicity rodent studies](http://informahealthcare.com/doi/abs/10.3109/10408444.2014.1003423)
  
&gt;There was no evidence of a carcinogenic effect related to glyphosate treatment. The lack of a plausible mechanism, along with published epidemiology studies, which fail to demonstrate clear, statistically significant, unbiased and non-confounded associations between glyphosate and cancer of any single etiology, and a compelling weight of evidence, support the conclusion that glyphosate does not present concern with respect to carcinogenic potential in humans.


[Cancer Incidence among Glyphosate-Exposed Pesticide Applicators in the Agricultural Health Study](http://www.jstor.org/discover/10.2307/3435746?uid=2&amp;uid=4&amp;sid=21104202186197)
  
Note that there was a weak but slight association with multiple myeloma that the authors suggest that further follow up is required. Also this was among applicators who inherently are exposed to significantly higher amounts of glyphosate than end product consumers.

  
Also a re-analysis of the AHS data failed to show the same link between glyphosate and multiple meyloma. 
  

[Multiple Myeloma and Glyphosate Use: A Re-Analysis of US Agricultural Health Study (AHS) Data](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25635915)
 
  
[Epidemiologic studies of glyphosate and cancer: A review](http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0273230012000943)
  
&gt;To examine potential cancer risks in humans, we reviewed the epidemiologic literature to evaluate whether exposure to glyphosate is associated causally with cancer risk in humans. We also reviewed relevant methodological and biomonitoring studies of glyphosate. Seven cohort studies and fourteen case-control studies examined the association between glyphosate and one or more cancer outcomes. Our review found no consistent pattern of positive associations indicating a causal relationship between total cancer (in adults or children) or any site-specific cancer and exposure to glyphosate.  


Good. [Things like this shouldn't happen](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/morning-mix/wp/2015/01/28/what-an-alleged-craigslist-killer-did-to-this-georgia-couple/)

&gt;The advertisement materialized on Craigslist just over a week ago. “Wanted 1966 Mustang Convertible, $1 (marietta ga),” it said. Its author, Elrey “Bud” Runion, had driven that car when he got back from the Vietnam War decades ago, reports said on Tuesday, and now he wanted to drive one again. “Prefer red or black interior and top … with an automatic. Call or text Bud.”

&gt;A short time later, he got a message, which took him and his wife three hours south of their Atlanta suburb to meet a prospective seller. There, they allegedly met a man authorities have now charged with their murders. Police found their GMC Envoy submerged in water, and their bodies nearby.

This hit our community pretty fucking hard and a lot of local police stations put out a notice that any citizen could use their lobby or parking lot and request an officer to be present for any CL transactions. 

It's an option, not a requirement, that many people really appreciate.
&gt;Policing is not about law enforcement completely. It’s about providing quality-of-life-based services to our residents and business owner

I feel sorry for cops like these when you see all the dick head cops out there making you distrust law enforcement.  Fortunately there are still plenty of good ones out there (even if it seems to be dwindling) 
When you are meeting someone you don't know from the Internet meet in a public place with lots of other people present.  Pretty simple.
I've gotten so much work off of Craigslist and sold/bought things from there.... literally not a single fucking problem.  

I'm not sure why Craigslist is getting such a bad wrap, people can be a bit off, but who gives a shit.  They're paying.
There's no reason for this death.
The fact that the cop kept telling him to get on the ground while he's laying face down getting tased just shows the level of incompetence and unjustification of this police brutality.

He did everything she said, but when you're being tased like that your body freaks out and just want it to stop. The length of her tasing him is crazy to me, yet it also doesn't surprise me.

Cops who act this way are such pussies.

Edit: According to some [cops on reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/ProtectAndServe/comments/3rpklx/what_is_your_guys_opinion_on_the_video_linked/) (thanks /u/kierwest for the link) that responded to this situation, the jacket most likely caused an improper connection between the body and skin. Some said being tasered results in [Neuromuscular Incapacitation (NMI)](http://electronics.howstuffworks.com/gadgets/other-gadgets/taser-shotgun-shell3.htm) which should prevent you from moving at all since it affects all of your muscles.

This could explain why she was tasing him multiple times with him still moving. Since the other cops knew this, so should she have imo and it does not excuse the way she acted.
How the fuck was he a threat? He was on the ground and was not visibly armed. This officer should of been convicted for murder.  

EDIT: Story: http://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2015/nov/05/pennsylvania-officer-acquitted-murder-david-kassick
I am way more afraid of the police than I am of any terrorist or drug dealer.
There have been over 1,000 deaths by police in this year alone, and somehow everyone's still on about terrorism. 
&gt;KEEP YOUR HANDS WHERE I CAN SEE THEM

She says, as he keeps his hands exactly where she can see them 
It's like they're trying to one up each other.

Hey guys I choked a guy to death on camera and got free.

Oh yeah?  I killed a kid in his car who was no threat to me because I didn't like that he was getting away.

Crap these guys outdid me.  Hmmm.  

Next day:  Hey guys I literally shot a man that was face down in the snow while being tased.  Beat that!

Sadly I don't doubt that it will be beaten....
I'm no expert on police procedure...but the guy only reached for his pocket at the very beginning, then promptly put his hands to the front. He was just electrically shocked and is in the prone position. What would necessitate the shots that were fired? Were they necessary? 
That's disgusting and sickening video.  What the hell, was she getting off on slowly frying him with the taser?  She should be in prison.  She endangers the public every time she's on the job if she has no better judgement than that.
I really didn't expect it to be so obvious she executed this man. What evidence was submitted by the prosecutor? There is something suspect about the prosecutor not getting the indictment.
/r/protectandserve defending her like the loyal fellow gang members they are. 
[removed]
Every. Fucking. Day. 

Every day with this shit. Either a story about a cop murdering someone, or a cop getting away with murdering someone. I get so fucking tired of this. 

Fuck this police in this country. They could at least have the goddamn common courtesy of being genuinely corrupt, and not just incompetent in lethal ways.

Edit: After watching the video, its *even worse* that I thought. She had him. She was *already* using excessive force with a taser. The man was on the ground, seizing, surrendering, and she kept screaming "get on the ground" and "show me your hands". He was *already* on the ground, and he was *trying* to show her his hands but she kept fucking shocking him! Bitch, that stun gun is designed to make it impossible for you to control your movements, which is why you used it in the first place. The guy didn't have a gun, and even if he did, there's no way in hell he could've pulled it, aimed it, and pulled the trigger. 

The guy had surrendered and she fucking shot him anyway. She's already been cleared of any wrongdoing. 

We need the military here, in our country. These police are more of a threat then the terrorists have ever been. 
What the literal fuck? Somone should pass a law that prohibits the government from investigating themselves. There's no way she would have been cleared in a trial.
Sounds like someone needs to shoot her in the head.
&gt; During the rape, another correction officer got on the bus. The rapist allegedly said he wanted to “give [him] a show.”

What. The. Fuck. &amp;#3232;_&amp;#3232;
I just realized I have no idea how long the average rape takes.
“The measure of a man is what he does with power.”
― Plato
By some estimates, prison guards are responsible for 50% of all rapes in detention. It's a big secret in our society that no one wants to face. 

http://www.propublica.org/article/guards-may-be-responsible-for-half-of-prison-sexual-assaults
2 more parasites get paid leave.
Is that number right? How many terrorist recruiter types are there?
hah, ISIS was all like "What are you neckbeards gonna do"
Answer: "Sit on our computers for hours on end, finding and reporting your recruitment accounts."
My god, comments for these reports make me absolutely hate reddit more then I ever had before. What the hell are you doing? Insulating ISIS? All the same complaints and same questions and same jests against Anonymous.

"Way to fuck up NSA work!"
If deleting these accounts are hindering intelligence gathering, then I'm afraid governments are fucking up big time. They would be letting 2 heads grow, only to cut off 1 (if they can even do that). These social media accounts are considered their biggest weapon. There is a reason 'isis and social media' has been a buzz topic for MONTHS. This is also for all of you shit heads who think "stop doing this and do something that actually matters!"
http://www.brookings.edu/research/papers/2015/03/isis-twitter-census-berger-Morgan

http://mobile.nytimes.com/2015/06/28/world/americas/isis-online-recruiting-american.html?referer=

"Pointless. They can create more accounts."
Yes, they can. But how easy do you think it is to recruit people when the accounts keep on getting deleted, now having to find those potential recruits again? You sound like 9 year olds complaining that your room is gonna get messy again anyway

"Why don't they do more?!"
Anonymous members (people who call themselves members) aren't computer gods. Don't expect "here's where every cent comes from, all base coordinates, and every rug they've ever prayed on! Lolz, computers 2 ez!" if they know more about computers than you, it doesn't mean they can hack the Pentagon or something.

Fuck you reddit. Go back to complaining about popular memes being popular or actually contribute something 
Wish they could expose the big money-men funding ISIS from countries supposed to be fighting them.
By "shutting down" they mean "reporting the accounts and maybe Twitter ban the user"
From the article:

&gt; The Denver police union has filed a lawsuit against the police department over its new body camera program, saying it was illegally developed because the administration ignored collective bargaining rules.

&gt; The Denver Police Protective Association said in a news release it does not oppose officers wearing body cameras. But the union said the policy that was put in place in September is ill-conceived, and the union's lawsuit questions multiple aspects of the program, including how it will affect officers' workloads when wearing them on off-duty security jobs.

If I were the presiding judge, the obvious answer seems to be to use this lawsuit as an opportunity for the clarification to take place. 

Judges occasionally force two sides to work things out and since both sides claim to support the program then this should be achievable.
They make some very good arguments.  Upload video from home? Really?  I'm sure a cop on his 50GB upload cap wants to upload 3GB of video per night.  Thats before the chain of custody issues.  Upload that at the station next shift.  
So, it is not that we don't WANT cameras, but you didn't do the rules right, so we're going to remove them all until you ask us nicely. Keep on fighting the good fight, unions.
Damn, so moral of the story is never buy insurance from the shipping company because they will fight tooth and nail against you. 

Purchas third party insurance. At least then you have somebody fighting for you.
I really wish Amazon would stop handing their packages off to USPS for delivery. Just last week I got a notification for failed delivery claiming I wasn't home at 11:30am. Except I was home, and the mailman doesn't even come to my house until 5:30pm. Sure enough, at 5:30, the mailman delivered my mail along with a "sorry we missed you" card. 11:30 must be when they load the truck, which is when they failed to load my package, which they then blamed on me rather than just saying the package would be late. I had to contact them to request redelivery or it would have just sat at the post office until they returned it to Amazon. I wouldn't be so mad if it was just a day late, but they lied and made me jump through hoops to get it delivered. Grr.
Clerk here!


To be blunt, puting insurance on anything will most likely give you a headache. I do know Express mail is refunded 100% if its late, but insurance on a Priority or 1st class...all I can say is nag the hell out of the management. Eventually, they'll get sicknof seeing you and will try and fix it. Beware that they may try to push some crap on yoy, dont fall for it.

Now, another thing, USPS is not broke. They gave the last PMG a sweetheart exit package. He got 4 million for doing nothing but screw over the people that actually process or deliever the mail. 

I hope this customer gets what they wanted.

Usps doesnt lose packages, its the fact that some of management wont email each other and put forth the effort to research where parcela are.

I try my best to locate parcels and letter that are "lost" and 9/10 I've found them still at the local plant.


Last year USPS destroyed my storm door by opening it and setting a package inside to protect it from the rain.  The only problem was that it wasn't just raining, it was a major storm with high winds, and as a result it nearly tore the door off its hinges.  I woke up to a sound like someone was trying to bash my front door in.  It's a miracle the glass didn't shatter, but the hinges were ruined, as was the piston.  When I called them to file a claim they were all apologetic and asked if they could send someone out to take photos.  I called them a few weeks later to see how the claim was going only to find that their attitude had completely changed.  They acted like it was my fault, and that it was my responsibility to file the claim, but when I asked how to get one of these claim forms they feigned ignorance until I pressed them for their legal department.  I then had to call the legal department, sit on hold, leave a message for someone to call back, and only after I'd spoken with that person did they finally send me some forms.

I wish I could then tell you whether things were then resolved properly or not, but after I went through all that crap, my landlord, whose door it really was, chose not to pursue the matter, leaving me with a broken door that wouldn't close that I had to attempt to repair myself at my own cost (bought a new piston, bent the hinges back into shape and had to drill new holes and put new screws in since they got torn out), because I could not file the claim myself since it's not my door.
The monopoly part of it was its downfall. Plenty of people for legalization still voted against the measure because of it. It had no chance with the "pro-legalization base" split.

It also looks like Issue 2 (anti-monopoly measure) may pass which means a "clean" marijuana legalization attempt in future elections.

Sorry Nick Lachey.
I'm from Cleveland. "There's always next year" is our motto.
The monopoly split the "Yes" vote and the "No" side was going to say no anyways.
"XXXX, said Ian James, executive director of ResponsibleOhio, the campaign backing Issue 3."

"Voter turnout out was XX percent – above/below/in line with historical average of 38.5 percent for off-year elections."

Confirmed, editor high at time of print.
An issue regarding marijuana legalization was voted down for reasons that had nothing to do with marijuana. 
Issue 1 was extremely un-controversial. It outlaws gerrymandering. Basically everyone supported it. They couldn't find any editorials against it. And yet it has a 30% no vote.

Are there a significant percentage of people that just vote no to every issue? If so, Issue 3 might have passed.
Issue 3 in Ohio is not doing so hot. I know the whole country is watching, as the result may have a major impact on the federal opinion of weed legalization. I want to make one thing clear: the problem with this issue is the way it structures the growth and distribution of marijuana, and that's why it may not pass. It's not because Ohioans don't agree that marijuana should be legal, as there are polls that show that a majority do. Those who funded the campaign get a stake in one of the ten planned growing facilities and would therefore be at the top of the weed pyramid, forming an oligopoly of already wealthy people rolling in the green  (lel). A lot of weed-savvy people are also all about free trade (damn hippies...) and do not agree with forming an omnipotent power that will set prices make all the money when there are farmers and entrepreneurs who can easily get in on this and spread the love. The vote not passing says more about a resistance to creating Big Marijuana (Big Mary, if you will), and not marijuana as a substance. There is a PAC called ResponsibleOhians (not ResponsibleOhio, those guys ripped off the name) that is planning a more fair amendment for the 2016 ballot. I'm not affiliated, but check them out!
The police say the bodycam footage is the most disturbing they've seen. 

Holy shit. Not even close enough to cover their own. Hopefully this forces all departments to take up bodycams (and keep them recording).
What the fuck. These "cops" where such shitty people. How were they even still employed?

&gt;While arresting a woman, Stafford allegedly threw her in the backseat with her hands cuffed and tased her without warning in the left side of her stomach while she was sitting in the backseat.  

&gt;pulled a 15-year-old girls' arms behind her back and apparently broke it. The girl's mother filed suit and it's still open.

&gt;While the Fourth of July parade was in progress, a family with a dog suffering from seizures and a stroke says they tried to get across the parade to make it to a veterinarian's and was told he could not go cross. The officer allegedly yelled at the wife and the husband ran across the street to make it to the vet. The man later called the sheriff's office to make a complaint against the officer, and was arrested for disturbing the peace. While he was being arrested, Stafford reportedly arrived and asked to arrest the suspect himself and put his handcuffs on him. The man spent the night in jail and later filed a lawsuit. The lawsuit is still pending. 

And there's more! WHAT THE FUCK?

http://www.katc.com/story/30460349/katc-investigates-several-lawsuits-pending-against-officers-accused-in-shooting-death-of-6-year-old?utm_medium=social&amp;utm_source=facebook_KATC-TV_3%3A_Acadiana_s_Newschannel
The video must have given them a strong case to make this so quickly. 

&gt; "It is the most disturbing thing I've seen and I will leave it at that"

I hope the whole story comes out.

Edit: Corrected quote. I was watching the conference and remembered it wrong.
[Video of Chief Edmonson's press conference charging both officers](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uP01-niEPMg).
&gt;"Nothing is more important than this badge that we wear on our uniform, the integrity of why we wear it," said Edmonson. "Because the public allows us to wear that. It's not a right, it's a privilege."

America thanks you Col Mike Edmonson.  
Both officers who fired shots will be charged with **second degree murder** and **attempted second degree murder**.
So where are all the apologist fucks who circled the wagons around these scumbags days ago and blamed the father?

Honestly, those people are just as bad as the officers. They enable their behavior by blaming the victims. When are we going to hold not just officers, but the public who blindly support this kind of fascist policing accountable?
I hope all of the ignorant motherfuckers who jumped up to defend the cops without knowing a goddamned thing will take a lesson from this. If you're going to defend brutality and cop murder EVERY. SINGLE. TIME. you are going to look like evil morons.

People couldn't even "wait for the facts" before they tore into this father. (But these are the same goddamned cop-dick-sucking dumbfucks who tell everyone else to "wait for the facts" when it comes to condemning obvious police brutality) 

I just hope none of you bad-cop-fellating motherfuckers EVER have the same thing happen to you or one of yours. You may be heartless, brainwashed, stupid motherfuckers, but this should never happen to a child.

RIP Jeremy David Mardis, and my deepest condolences to Chris Few, who lost his baby AND got blamed for it because of ignorant, self-absorbed DUMB FUCKS.
/r/protectandserve where you at?
&gt;"By taking a neutral stance, journalists and media are being complacent in our fight."

In taking a neutral stance they are doing their job, In this kind of situation Neutrality is better then advocacy. Presenting people with the fact and letting them make up their own minds is all for the good.
&gt;by taking a neutral stance news media is complacent in our fight

They're literally 'you're with us or against us' with no free thought. How can a movement have support when it won't allow for the existence of neutral feelings?
They're afraid of bad press, so they ban the press. As a result, they'll get bad press, then say "See? Told you so!"

Morons.
The media should start ignoring BLM, instead of encouraging them.
&gt;The activists' goal was to establish a place where students -- prioritizing students of color and black students

So they're pro segregation? 
If you feel the need to exclude people from your cause you should probably question your cause.
Freedom of the press ^as^long^as^you^agree^with^us
"Objective coverage of our event isn't allowed unless you subjectively support us."
A whole generation of children's parents have to watch as all of the hard work and sacrifices that they've made were just to create absolutely moronic children who will serve no useful purpose to society.
I wonder how many of these participants would even be in college if not for the inequality of college admissions and financial aid that favor those of "color".  If these people want equality, I think many of them would be surprised at the true consequences.
Man, the DMV must be so happy to no longer be the most hated US government agency.
It's like that meme says:  

Number of TSA agents arrested for theft: 400  

Number of Terrorists caught by the TSA: 00
[deleted]
[deleted]
I'm by no means the most active traveller, but I've flown enough that there are three guarantees I know about going to an airport in my dozen+flights.

1)I will have a flight delayed and will not make it to my destination on time.

2)There is a mandatory crying baby on at least one flight

3)TSA service will effectively treat me and every other passenger as cattle and be as rude as possible in the process.

One of these elements can be taken care of, save billions, and make flying more enjoyable.


There's a lot of rhetoric from cops/TSA/positions of enforcement  that boil down to "you don't get our jobs, what we need to do, and yet you feel free to tell us how!"

I'm no stranger to dangerous work but I will tell you I've never forgotten how to be a human fucking being to my fellow man.

Terrorist Searching Americans. TSA.
I only fly once a year when absolutely forced to by my employer. It's from a small rural town to SeaTac. Every fucking year for 3 years straight I am the only one of the 15 of us to be pulled for a more thorough inspection. Outside of my Veteran status I am literally the most average American you can be. 30 y/o single white male with no prior convictions of any kind and I am fucking targeted by these TSA mouth breathing ass hats every god damned year.  They have been proven ineffective and continue to be one of the clearest examples of government waste.  That budget could be used for any one of our many embarrassing societal difficiencies.  
so are any college students actually going to class?
I am disappointed that it was not a challenge to a dance off.
Why did everyone get more racist all the sudden?
This shit is getting ridiculous on all spectrums. 
Oh this is gonna end well.
Well, technically isn't it only fair for the white students to gather and organize if the black ones can too?
It's OK wait till they get out of college and join the real world. Safe Space in the workplace, ha ha. Yelling, screaming, etc will just get you fired. Let them get it out of their system there. 
Unfortunately, they will get far more negative publicity just for it's name than the whole of BLM has recieved for it's racist actions, because that's how today's World works. 
Its sooooo hypocritical in this day and age to not be allowed to have one.
This sentiment is only going to increase. 
Poland should accept as many refugees as Israel: not a fucking one.
The Polish have their heads on straight unlike Mutti who wants to import 2 million people or more. On the one hand, it's noble to give refuge to people escaping war; on the other hand it's suicidal to mass import people to the point that it compromises your country's culture, demographics, and security.
Pay attention EU you might learn something.
Good for Poland. Hopefully other European nations will find the courage to do the same.
About time people are acting on common sense.
I don't blame them. Muslim immigrants will be a huge problem for Europe over the next ten years. 
It is almost as if a government is using common sense and saying "no" to letting dangerous scumbags into their country- the opposite of what everyone else seems to be doing. Go Poland.
No country should accept any of these so called 'refugees'. They're refugees in Turkey. Any country they enter from there they're just illegal immigrants. Illegal immigrants who are welfare shopping. 
Poland is smart to do this, opening the flood gates to let in  disenfranchised "refugees" from terror beds around the globe is a good way to get people killed. You cant tell me 100% of the muslims entering Europe dont have ties to ISIS and other groups.
And now the bleeding heart liberals will blame Eurocentrism and white privilege.
I graduated with a BA in Special Ed back in 1999 before "No Child Left Behind."  I remember learning about the [zone of proximal development (ZPD)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zone_of_proximal_development) and writing curriculum that was differentiated and measurably effective.  Everything was about teaching to mastery and empowering your students through realistic and measurable objectives. 

Then I took my first teaching assignment as a 5th-grade learning support teacher in the Philadelphia School District.  I was given a classroom with only 5th-grade textbooks and students with primer and pre-primer reading levels.  The first thing I did was administer an informal reading inventory to identify each student's reading level.  Then I consulted my special education liaison requesting appropriate textbooks to individualize instruction to meet the objectives I've written into their Individualized Education Plan (IEP).  I was immediately reprimanded for administering an informal reading inventory and told that I must use the 5th-grade curriculum in all my lesson plans.  When I asked my liaison how I was supposed to teach 5th-grade reading assignments to kids who can't read her response was to accommodate and that the district had been mandated to use the [spiraling curriculum] (http://thenotebook.org/winter-2003/03833/district-gets-earful-about-new-curriculum).  

I had to abandon what I learned about differentiated instruction and comply with the district or face disciplinary actions.  It crushed my hopes of becoming an educator and I switched careers and never looked back.  When I was reprimanded for trying to deviate from the school district curriculum I asked my special education liaison if she played piano or knew how to read music.  She told me she didn't and then I gave her a Bach Prelude and asked her if she was ready to learn and that I'd accommodate like she told me to do with the 5th-grade curriculum.  
[The system was broken long before standardized tests took over.](http://www.wesjones.com/gatto1.htm)
I'll never understand the unwillingness to pour resources at education.  At the very least these are your future tax payers and voters. It'll pay off in the long run to have them be well educated and prepared to face the adult world. 
As a Canadian, not only can I recognize how horrible this is (the same thing goes on here), but I also can't believe that someone with a PhD is teaching special education in a public school. That either speaks to the humanitarian side of this woman, or how messed up the education system is. 
My mom also worked as a special ed teacher for years, and said the same exact thing.  Public education has simply failed kids and strips them of their confidence and sense of self.  Home-schooling with Google as your only text book is just superior to public ed now.
[The Dean of the School of Journalism just threw Click under a bus and praised Tai's work.](https://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/3sayz3/dean_of_university_of_missouri_school_of/)
["Tai said he wasn't scared by being surrounded and pushed, but he was frustrated. He was in a similar situation when covering last year's protests in Ferguson, Tai said — except "**it was the police doing it then**."](http://www.latimes.com/nation/la-na-missouri-protest-camp-20151109-story.html)

EDIT:formatting, thanks /u/mrvolvo
What's more appalling: it wasn't a student calling "I need some muscle." It was a professor.
Upon learning that one man was a reporter, a mass media professor - who had previously tweeted requests for media coverage - tried to grab the reporter's camera, then called out, “Who wants to help me get this reporter out of here? I need some muscle over here.” WTF. Edit: **Tim Tai, the reporter, is a [Mizzou journalism student](http://journalism.missouri.edu/2015/06/photojournalism-student-tim-tai-wins-2-awards-in-national-hearst-championship/)!**

The assistant director of Greek Life then told the photographer, “You are infringing on what [the protesters] need right now, which is to be alone.” In their tent city, in the middle of campus. WTF.

The organization propounding demands, ConcernedStudent1950, tweeted: "Black people and our true allies, we love you and will continue to fight. We truly appreciate having our story told, but this movement isn't for you. The campsite is inclusive of all identities as it's always been, but it was created by black students!" WTF. 

Edit 2: The photographer who was approached by the communications professor also appears to be a student, and he has [posted the full video](https://t.co/4xxrEUkDun). 
OMG those tweets from the student group are gold!  So much unintentional hilarity.    
&gt; It's typically white media who don't understand the importance of respecting black spaces.
&gt; As he tried to defend his right to be there, Ms. Basler explained, “You are infringing on what they need right now, which is to be alone.”

It's honestly like these people are living in some sort of reality bubble.  They are on public grounds and want to be left alone? It makes no sense.
&gt;On Twitter, students who participated in the protest defended their decision to create a **“safe space”** without journalists.

Jebus.  The protesters are a parody of themselves.
She should be fired for threatening a student.  Done. 
Someone care to explain why there's a sudden increase in 'activist' movements in the US recently?  I saw another post earlier today on the front page about the Yale professor explaining freedom of speech to people who felt they are owed an apology because they were 'hurt'.  I get that there are inequality concerns, but how can one demand civility and respect by acting in a manner that is counter to the ask.  
I'm very alarmed by the escalation, threats and physical resistance being used by members of Concerned Student 1950.  Their hostility towards citizens and citizen journalists is yet another instance of misguided "politically correct" policies in action.  For far too long, students who've sought to exercise their constitutionally-protected liberties have been silenced, ignored and bullied by these Concerned Student 1950 members.

To that end I've just now formed a new group, Concerned About Concerned Student 1950.  [Here is our list of demands](http://i.imgur.com/7IalPuA.png); we expect a response from Concerned Student 1950 by next Monday.  If our demands are not met, we'll need some hunger strike volunteers, and an athletic team to boycott in support of our demands.

The struggle continues!
If your arguments can't stand the light of public scrutiny, maybe your arguments suck.
I said this in the other thread, but can one of you Mizzou Redditors *please* go to the protest dressed up as Reality from that South Park episode and just wander around with someone filming you?

I would suggest this over in r/mizzou, but scarily enough they seem to be on the side of the idiot protesters over there. 
This is what happens when students believe their rights trump others rights.
"I need some muscle"


Then start lifting, miss modern feminist.
[removed]
This is the type of shit that would make you "racist."
SJW Liberalism is so fucking pathetic. Always striving for some fairytale utopia. Some day these people will have to work and they'll just trigger themselves into cardiac arrest hopefully.
[removed]
Handgun was one of the objects that was thrown from the bedroom, it hit a deck and fired, which was the round they heard.
**13:59 The police scanner indicates they have him pinned as of 5 minutes ago. There is no indication how many people are killed or injured. Times are in EST**

**suspect's name has been removed to avoid any type of witch hunt**

Thanks to /u/RamsesThePidgeon and /u/ChagataiChinua for the gold!!!

14:00 There was gibberish about a confrontation where "Just kill me" was said

14:01 Police department has distributed an updated photo of the suspect to officers' mobile phones

14:04 Officers are requesting a ladder to get alternate access to an area where they believe the shooter is holed up

14:05 Police have made cell phone contact with the suspect. Suspect has said things about "A new world" and "he wants to go to Austrailia"

14:07 Police have suspect on the phone and suspect has said something about "being tired of disrespected"

14:07 Suspect appears to be pinned in an apartment on or about the 6th floor. Police have eyes on a front door and back door to an apartment. Clearance to use a "robot" to enter has just been granted

14:10 Police have heard an "eleven-six" from the apartment. An "eleven-six" coming from the back window. Shot fired from the window

14:11 Police are trying to put "gas inside the room through the bedroom window". Police are requested 40mm launcher rounds inside the bedroom window. Gas refers to tear gas. *incoherent rambling about how the shot is too far to make*

14:12 **suspect appears to be firing shots from the bedroom window**

14:13 Approval granted to "volley gas through the window"

14:14 Dispatcher said that the suspect told the negotiator that "if more gas comes through the window he will get angry and more bad things will happen"

14:15 Approval is granted to launch more gas

14:15 "Good shot through the window" "confirmed six rounds of gas into the window" "if you put more gas or projectiles through the window you will eventually knock out the blinds and we will get a visual"

14:16 "Unless the suspect is actively surrendering he is to be shot"

14:17 Police have cell phone contact with the suspect. They have instructed him to exit the apartment and walk to the right or else he will be shot. *An officer yelling instructions into a phone can be heard

14:18 "We are still working on him to come out. We will let you know when he agrees to come out" "We are trying to get him to open the front door". Another officer has confirmed that they have saturated the apartment with tear gas

14:19 Officer on the phone with suspect has instructed him to come to the front door **unarmed** or else he will be shot

14:21 Officers are still trying to get the suspect to come to the front door.

14:22 Officers are attempting to get confirmation of a "muffled shot" that was just fired

14:23 Officer who is on cell phone is saying that the suspect is "having a lot of trouble with the gas and has requested water". Officers have confirmed that he 5th floor has been cleared

14:24 "suspect has taken his knife off of the belt and is about ready to come to the front door. We are still working on it" "2085 suspect has just thrown something out of the number three window it could possibly be a pillow"

14:24 suspect is throwing more unidentified items out of the window. Officer on phone with suspect is telling suspect not to throw any more items out of window

14:26 Approval granted to launch one more round[teargas] into each of the windows

14:27 Negotiator can be heard telling the suspect he will not be shot if he gives up

14:28 One of the items that the suspect threw out of the window was a handgun. When he threw it out of the window it landed on the deck and discharged" Suspect is reportedly still throwing items out of the window. **Sniper does not have a visual** on the suspect throwing items out of the window

14:30 "Suspect seems to be hung up on the fact that he thinks we will shoot him if he comes to the front door."

14:35 Officer has been granted approval to deploy a robot through the broken out sliding glass door[presumably the back door]so they have a visual of the front door. Negotiator has been instructed to tell teh suspect to hold his place so they can deploy a surveillance robot into the apartment

14:35 robot on patio

14:38 **"Suspects name is -----------"**- or something similar [name removed to prevent witchhunt]

14:41 Contact reestablished with the suspect. Suspect "has expressed concern about the K9. He does not want to be bit. He seems to be focused on the front door" 

14:44 "At this time use-of-force order is in-play however the suspect is **not to be shot at this time**" "Confirmation of the rescinded use-of-force order has been disseminated"

14:47 "If the suspect comes out armed or unarmed, he is not to be allowed back inside Use of any non-lethal means has been authorized"

14:53 Officers can be heard deliberating about what non-lethal means they are to use and where to position them. Suspect can heard repeatedly severing contact with the negotiator. "Launchers" are being distributed to officers

14:56 "The running rules are that if he runs out of sliding glass door [presumably the back door] we will hit him with the[inaudible]impactor. If he is still non-compliant than we will re-authorize deadly force"

**1503 Radio silence has mostly been maintained. Police appear to be waiting for suspect exit the apartment or make a move**

1507 Suspect has severed contact and turned his phone off. Police are switching to a bull horn to make contact with him

15:13 Police have deployed four surveillance robots into or around the apartment. 

15:15 "suspect is back on the phone. Suspect says he wants to give up but he is confused" Police are attempting to provide him a bullhorn

15:19 "suspect was sighted in window 6 [presumably a back window. a window facing a pool]. Suspect is attempting to hang something from blinds in an attempt to conceal himself. 

15:25 "still have suspect online[presumably on the phone], no new information in terms of weapons. We are still trying to get that now"

15:35 The negotiator has provided an alternate phone number to reach the suspect. 

15:37 The suspect, still in the house, has shed his cloths at the request of police, presumably to eliminate the risk of concealed weapons

15:39 "Suspect appears ready to come to the front door"

15:40 The San Diego airport has halted flight landings as a precaution, as flight paths are apparently in close proximity to the suspects apartment complex. 

15:44 Officer over the air has reiterated that they will not allow the suspect to re-enter his apartment once he has exited. They will accomplish this first with non-lethal means and if those fail they will engage lethal tactics

15:49 Suspect can be heard inaudibly yelling

15:55 One officer is inquiring to another officer as to the whereabouts of different gas canister rounds and launchers. 

15:57 "We are trying to figure out the location of those rounds before we execute our gas plan" 4 additional rounds have been located for a total of 7 or 8. They are trying to find a way to deliver the rounds to the officers

16:00 Police are in the boiler room discussing whether to cut water to the apartment

16:10 Police are cutting hot and cold water. Presumably so he can't wash his face of chemical munitions or soak a rag cover his face in anticipation of a second tear gas barrage.

16:13 Police are getting into position for second tear gas attack

16:15 Power is being cut

16:17 Officer asking if all units are equipped with their gas masks

16:23 All units clear to deploy rounds

16:25 All rounds have been deployed into the structure

16:26 Suspect says his throat is burning and he is coming out

16:26 "It appears that he is actually coming out this time. He will have his cell phone in his hand but we are going to get him to drop it when he comes out"

16:27 Suspect has cut contact however he appears to removing the barricade from the front door. 

16:32 Suspect has not made any more movement and police are confirming his reaction to the gas

16:36 Garbled speech about shutting some motor off. Police appear to be waiting for suspect to emerge from the apartment

16:39 suspect is continuing to ramble. Gas does not seem to be having any more effect on him

16:45 [mic intermittently being left open with nothing being said] 

16:49 "Suspect is yelling that is coming out" 

16:51 "suspect continues to say he is coming out. Suspect says the door is broken"

16:52" from the information we are getting the suspect appears to be in his bedroom and from what we can tell his bedroom door is broken" snipers say they have not seen him in his bedroom

16:55 officer is guessing that he is holed up in the bathroom off of the bedroom. Negotiator had suspect turn on a sink to confirm he was in the bathroom(which is confusing because they said several times the water was cut to the apartment) 

1658 policing are looking into if the bathroom or bedroom door has been drilled shut. 


1705 gas has dissipated and clearance has been given for officers to remove masks 

**17:15 ok sorry everyone but I have other things I need to tend to at this point so I welcome someone else to take the reigns. Things seem to be dying down anyway. At this point it looks like the police are stalemated with the suspect where he is pinned down in his apartment**
Hey guys, nobody tell him about the robot, k?
That guy who did the long status updates will be really pissed, 10mins after he quits its over
it really does sound like the cops are trying to give him as much of an "out" as safely possible. Good. the man is clearly not well, talking new world and Australia and whatnot.
This dude has a call to make here... he either gets out of this alive or not... its all on him now. 

I think this streaming broadcast proves that in this case at least... officers have given this guy way more outs than can be reasonably expected... they aren't just out to kill this guy.
Scanner: http://www.broadcastify.com/listen/feed/6740
[Remember this article from /r/science...that was posted yesterday?](http://www.cnn.com/2015/07/02/health/contagious-mass-killings-study/index.html)
I've never read a headline that started with "Saudi Prince" that wasn't about some sort of irresponsible, awful, inhuman behavior...
It's worth noting that the House Of Saud is huge. [The family is estimated to be composed of 15,000 members, but the majority of the power and wealth is possessed by a group of only about 2,000.](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/House_of_Saud)
He has diplomatic immunity from what i understand.. not much they can do. Which i think is total bullshit. Hopefully he pays for this and gets what punishment he deserves!

It sounds like a lot of this is going to depend on if the victims are willing to speak against him together. One of them being his girlfriend. Who sounds terrified that he will kill her. He'll probly be sent home and told never to come back.  So sad these woman get treated like this. 



In his defence, where he is from, it's called, "just how we treat women".
[New video of shooting going on](https://twitter.com/myteks/status/666839939112427520)
This is like a scaled up version of the Boston Marathon bombings. A shocking attack followed by days of paranoia and finally a violent chase. Hope all the police officers are alright. 
The latest from David Chazan in Paris:

Three men have been arrested and two RAID officers injured, a police source and local officials said.

Firing has ceased in the past few minutes, according to local residents contacted by phone. Homes have been evacuated

The local MP, Mathieu Hanotin, said people should remain at home for the time being although firing has stopped.
"It's not over," he said.

http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/france/11999927/Paris-France-terror-attacks-isil-Belgium-Molenbeek-suspects-Syria-Raqqa-bombing-live.html
Watching France24 - Can someone explain why the media has recently stopped using the phrase "assault rifle" for every single firearm in existence and replaced it with the brand name "Kalashnikov"? 
[There has been multiple videos of the gunfire, here is one](https://twitter.com/pmfenech/status/666824750241550337)

Edit: [Don't know how reliable this is but it says a passerby was killed ](https://twitter.com/Breaking3zero/status/666861398807461888)
French media are saying a number of police injured.Edit: Confirmed now, severity of injuries or number of officers unknown.

Edit2: According to a journalist in the area, 2 or 3 men have barricaded themselves in to an apartment [link](https://twitter.com/djamel_mazi/status/666845764090511361?s=09)
Nothing was learned in 2008 so gotta start saving for the next recession that's already brewing.
As a millennial, uh, yeah. No way I'm buying a new car, new house, or even healthcare any time soon. Oh and student loans should kick in in a couple years. Nice!
And Gen Xers like myself have seen their incomes stagnate or even decline. Still don't own a house, back in college at 40 trying to reset my career since it was killed in 2010. I should be paying off my house, not still renting. 
As a Millenial, these reports terrify me. I'm one of the lucky few who graduated from college with no debt, but I still only have a minimal amount of money in the bank, all three jobs I've had since graduation (2012) paid me $8/hour, $10/hour, and $12/hour, respectively, and none of these jobs ever offered a retirement plan or benefits. We are in so much trouble. 
The bailout-austerity crowd who supposedly value stability and freedom of the marketplace above all else should take notice: A massive population of unemployed, highly educated young renters with hopeless amounts of student debt, who find themselves on the doorstep of recession, is not the formula for marketplace stability. It resembles the formula for revolution quite a bit more.
​
Man, threads like this always bring out the generational war which is exactly what the people in charge want so that it distracts us all from who is really making the decisions that are squeezing EVERYONE - regardless of whether they're a boomer or millennial. But ya'll keep arguing amongst yourselves and playing into their hands.
&gt;“This misconception that we don’t want jobs or that we’re lazy and entitled is nonsense,”

It's not just nonsense. It's an excuse that boomers tell themselves so they don't have to acknowledge reality. So they don't have to feel bad about royally fucking up the country for their children and grandchildren by deregulating Wall Street and supporting the corporate attack on worker's rights.
Since no one wants to solve the massive unemployment crisis in america for young people, I think the US government should encourage all millennials to move overseas to China, India, or South America. Buy them a passport and one-way plane fare, with 1000 bucks, and send them off.

Because Americans don't want to solve problems, we rather just dispose the problem somewhere else.
So cops pull over black people at random, but only suspicious looking white people? Seems like you would find more with the white people in that case for sure.
&gt;A federal judge in Illinois has recently taken the unusual step of issuing three new stringent requirements for the government when it wants to deploy cell-site simulators. The move aims to protect the Fourth Amendment rights of innocent bystanders against unreasonable search and seizure.

&gt;Of course, for now, this order only applies to this one judge in the Northern District of Illinois.


&gt;Third, law enforcement officers are prohibited from using any data acquired beyond that necessary to determine the cell phone information of the target. A cell-site simulator is simply too powerful of a device to be used and the information captured by it too vast to allow its use without specific authorization from a fully informed court. Minimizing procedures such as the destruction of private information the United States has no right to keep are necessary to protect the goals of the Fourth Amendment.

We need more judges like this one.
Without context I got really confused by this headline, wondering what on earth I'd apparently missed in my biology class. 
Steve Irwin sure found out the hard way
The judge who made this decision graduated from BYU (Mormon) law school in 1977. Considering the [recent policy](http://www.people.com/article/mormon-church-bans-children-same-sex-couples-baptized) the Mormon church released which bans children of same-sex couples from membership in the Mormon church, this could be a huge conflict of interest for the judge. 

He wants children to be able to be baptized into his church, so he makes decisions which remove foster children from the care of same-sex couples, because duh his religion trumps their rights.

This man needs to be removed from the bench. ASAP. 

**EDIT:** If you're interested in finding out more about the recent policy change I mentioned, [this](https://np.reddit.com/r/exmormon/comments/3segjd/why_is_everyone_mad_at_lds_now_what_is_the_rule/) post over in r/exmormon explains it quite well. 

Also, the judge in question received [lower than average](http://judges.utah.gov/docs/Retention/2014/Juvenile/Juvenile%20-%20Johansen,%20Scott.pdf) survey scores for procedural fairness, separation of his personal beliefs from his legal rulings, and fair and respectful treatment of courtroom participants in his 2014 evaluation. Thanks to /u/doomcomplex for posting this in r/exmormon. 
&gt;the judge told them there was a lot of research that indicated children who are raised in same-sex parent homes do not do as well as children who are raised by heterosexual parents.

Would it affect his decision to learn that the opposite is true?
It is now legal in all 50 states for same sex couples to marry the person they love.  It is not yet legal in all 50 states for same sex couples to have or raise children.

If I and my wife die, my sister *cannot* be named as a guardian since she is married to a woman in a state that prohibits same sex couples from raising and adopting a child.  I my daughter is orphaned she will have to be raised by strangers.
It sounds like they have a good case of discrimination. I would like to know who brought this to the judge's attention, because that person should be cited in any lawsuit as well. Foster children need help, period. I wonder if this judge has read anything about the correlation between foster children in hetero-sexual homes and abuse?
This is a terrible idea for the child as it seems the biological mother &amp; ~~case worker~~ state appointed attorney want the child to stay with the couple.  Unless of course there is something being left out of this story.

A lot of foster children end up suffering from [reactive attachment disorder] (http://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/reactive-attachment-disorder/basics/definition/con-20032126).  Even if the parents have this overturned that will take time and the child will be removed from their care during that time.  The more homes this child bounces around to, the worse the disorder can get.  There have been 3 children adopted through foster care in my family and all 3 suffer from this issue.

The fact that the judge just orders it and cities no sources/studies is even more infuriating.

EDIT: [A recent study at the University of Texas in Austin] (http://childandfamilyblog.com/same-sex-couples-give-more-focused-time/) shows children in female same sex relationships get more time doing activities with the parent that better the child's development.
Could they start dumping all this extra money into a trust fund that subsidizes post secondary education costs in the state when they have enough other schools.
I had to choose between more money for schools or lunch for a day.  Problem was I had already eaten when I filled out the ballot.
The remaining $14.1 million goes to discretionary accounts controlled by lawmakers.

Some pothole somewhere will get fixed by some company owned by some legislators second cousin. Only slightly over budget !
I'm glad, although I had mixed feelings about this one. While I didn't think it made sense to "refund" money to people who hadn't purchased any mj, I also think the tax rates are excessive &amp; should be reduced b/c imho legal buyers are being gouged. Saw that Hickenlooper did sign a bill for the additional tax to go from 10% to 8% in 2017 so that soothed my jimmies.
It's time for a paradigm shift. Cable companies need to evolve or die.
Couldn't have happened to a more deserving company.  Cox has done everything in their power to discourage the use of other boxes such as TiVo, and even recently switched to requiring their cable box for even basic cable, not just for premium.  Gone are the days of plugging the cable from the wall into the back of the TV and getting anything.  With the recent announcement that Google Fiber is looking at Oklahoma City, I very much look forward to pissing on Cox's grave.
In the video, the cop says "Are you going to identify yourself?" The kid responds that the law in the state only says he has to identify yourself if he is under arrest, then he asks if he is under arrest and if so, what for, the cop responds "for not identifying yourself..." OK. Why not just hand the kid a blank check.
This one-sided article's only source of information seems to be the police department's press release. It neglects to mention that nothing Turner was arrested for is actually a crime.

EDIT: I'd also like to point out the irony of police arresting someone for potentially photographing license plates when they literally have special cameras for doing just that, en masse.

EDIT 2: Also this article neglects to mention that the Galveston police illegally searched Turner's vehicle by wandering around with his confiscated key fob until they found his car, then opened it to search for his wallet. No warrant, of course.

EDIT 3: Another aspect of this not being mentioned in the article or these comments is that Turner was not alone while performing this audit. **There was another auditor present in the same location who was filming the exact same things as Turner. This man was white and middle-aged. He was also approached by the police, but was never asked to ID himself, and was allowed to continue filming within moments.**
Detained for a bullshit reason - photography of a police station.  Photography is not a crime.  

Falsely arrested on a bullshit charge - failure to identify, when the law does not require identification.

I sincerely hope this guy soaks the Galveston PD for a significant amount of money.


Edit: 

per a request from /u/Boshasaurus_Rex/  ...

[Here](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmIFreeToGo/comments/3rsdt4/the_battousai_dash_cam_catches_galveston_county/) is a nice post in /r/amifreetogo showing the cops essentially breaking into his car after he was arrested and they took his car keys from his possessions. They drove around lots and set off his alarm in order to find his car, get in, disable his cameras, and take his DL to ID him.

ProtectAndServe bitches about PINAC all the time. I find it hilarious, because they tried to say this was "baiting" the police and totally not the same thing as bait cars. I posted this in response and got not a single response from them. They can't handle critical thinking. 

&gt;Let's expound upon the question here. 

&gt;Bait car -  a car, otherwise legal and ordinary, that is purposely put in a place known for criminal activity/will attract criminal attention. Usually left unlocked and in a vulnerable position so that it attracts criminals who would like to steal a car. 

&gt;1st Amendment auditor (one taking the video) - a person, otherwise legal and ordinary, that is purposely in a place with police presence/will draw police attention. Usually taking videos of a building/area from a public place, a completely legal action.

&gt;In a bait car situation a person may come up to the bait car, look in the windows, think about stealing the car, maybe ask people around if they've seen the owners. They may even sit and watch the car for a while. All this is legal and if the person were to walk away after doing all of these things, they would not be a criminal. 

&gt;In a 1st Amendment auditing situation a cop may come up to the auditor. They may watch the auditor, ask them questions, think about why they are there, or think of peaceful ways to get the person to leave, may engage in conversation, etc. All of this is perfectly legal and if the cop were to walk away at this point, they are not a criminal. 

&gt;If a person attempts to take possession of a bait car, they have committed a crime of auto theft. The car was set there, on purpose, in an attempt to get the criminals to show themselves in a controlled environment. Instead of waiting for the criminal to steal a car the police are attempting to keep people honest and accountable in a proactive way. 

&gt;If a cop attempts to take possession of the video device, forces the auditor to leave/stop filming, illegally arrests the auditor, etc, they have committed a crime. They have deprived that person of their 1st amendment right. The auditor was there, on purpose, in an attempt to get the criminal police to show themselves in a controlled environment. Instead of waiting for the criminal to violate someone's rights, the auditor is attempting to keep the police honest and accountable in a proactive way.

&gt;These things are *directly* comparable. Get the criminals to show themselves so that they aren't out there committing crimes and getting away with it. 

&gt;As for the idea that /u/JWestfall76 put forth:
&gt;"I guarantee they would flip their shit and come running over to you asking you why you're filming them. Then you can do your own type of audit...how these people who do this react to getting a taste of their own medicine."

&gt;It's laughable, and I've seen several videos online where when the cop passes the audit (aka: "ok, well you're not doing anything illegal, have a good day") the auditor will congratulate or otherwise thank the officer for upholding his oath and the law. 

&gt;I don't think cops run up and flip out when people check out their bait car and move on. It's just another person. Same with the audit, it's just another cop. A cop's job is to check stuff out and try and prevent or solve crimes. There's nothing wrong with that. What *is* wrong is when they cross the line and deprive someone of their rights, which taking pictures in public IS a right, whether it is a military institution, a court house, or birds in the sky. There is nothing wrong with looking at a car in public, getting into a car and trying to deprive the owner of their car IS a crime. There is nothing wrong with pointing your camera in any direction if you are in a public place. Depriving someone of that right, IS a crime. 

&gt;The audit and leaving a bait car *are* both baiting, but neither are wrong or criminal. **Cops complaining of being "baited" are as stupid as a criminal crying about being caught and trying to claim entrapment. Just as an officer would laugh at the car thief for saying that, it's ridiculous that a criminal cop would say he was "baited" into depriving someone of their rights.** Cops *know* that videoing in public is legal and that depriving people of their rights is illegal, just as a thief *knows* that trying to take a car that is not yours is illegal. No one made you steal the car and no one made you break your oath to uphold the law. 


**Thanks for the gold, but donate your money to [PINAC](https://photographyisnotacrime.com/pinac-fund/) if you believe we should live in a country where police are the protectors of rights, not thugs who are above the law.**


Not surprising. When I was dating my (now) husband, a cop watching him at a gas station followed him a bit then pulled him over for an expired inspection sticker (or brake tag, if you're from Louisiana). We were in different cars and I was following him home because I didn't know how to get to his house, so I parked across the street to wait. The ticketing officer called another cop and had him bitch me out and threaten to arrest me if I didn't leave. Apparently I, a then-21 year old white girl, was a threat by sitting in my car *across the street* watching the stop. Even after explaining I didn't know how to go to his house, the cop  yelled at me to leave, reiterating that he'd arrest me, so I parked a few blocks down the street and waited. Why are they so fucking afraid? I only had a shitty camera phone, and I wasn't even taking pictures. Fucking cunts. 

edit: I have my very own downvote fairy now! :D Ya'll have fun making a dent in 4 years of karma!
How can so many cops be so ignorant of the law?

In Texas, you don't have to provide ID UNLESS YOU ARE BEING ARRESTED.

I'm not even FROM Texas and I know this, so what is the officers' excuse for not knowing?

The worst part is - the officers won't have to pay a cent of the incoming lawsuit caused by their incompetence/malice.

What SPECIFIC LAW says it's illegal to take pictures of a public building, from a public sidewalk? (Hint: none)
How long before someone realizes this creates a business opportunity (though, a risky one).

Start with a good lawyer, a "camera man", a group that films the camera man, and a police scanner.

The camera man basically films police encounters from a *safe* distance so as not to interfere with the officers. The group films interactions with the police and the camera guy from a distance and from different angles.

After a handful of lawsuits, everyone can retire. Of course, the camera guy faces some risk, getting beat up, tasered, shot, etc..

OTOH, maybe that's what's going on here. The black guy got arrested while his white friend video'd the arrest....
Did I hear her say,  "you almost cost me my job"...  well, thanks to her friends posting this video, she'll not have to worry about a job for couple years....
This video was shared on reddit quite a bit in 2014 due to how shocking and hard to watch it was. The article has the video of the assault at the bottom but here is a link to the video that was posted on reddit in 2014 when this happened. [The content is pretty disturbing.](http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=543_1403750634)


&gt;"Am I going to jail today?" Harris asked. "I have two babies."

All the more reason this animal should be locked up.
"Better get your son before I kick him in the face too"  

3 years is not enough for this animal.
I remember this.  This lady is a savage human being and she belongs in prison.  What a dick. 
&gt;Harris, her voice breaking, said she took the plea deal because "higher numbers were thrown at me."

It's like she hasn't actually watched the video as a critical outsider.    
Any jury would have chewed her up and shat her out. That plea deal probably saved her a lot of time.

I mean hell, the victim didn't even make a statement. She didn't need to.
If society is lucky she'll get in a fight in prison and get another 36 months.  She tried to get sympathy from the judge cause she's got two kids... What a tool!  Fuck her...she's lucky the judge was a lenient as he was. 
I enjoyed the idiot's comment at the end of the recording, taunting the victim to file charges.  Well, she did, and you're going to jail.
I hope she gets beaten in prison just like that
Why was this not a hate crime? 

Because we can almost be assured, had the tables been turned sharpton and Jackson would be out there talking about how this was a racially motivated attack. 

And as someone else already said, 3 years isn't enough. Threatening to kick a child is disgusting. 


Edit: fixing Siri's errors
"We don't make good decisions if it's based off hysteria or an exaggeration of risks"

Ok, can we please reevaluate the Patriot Act?
There's that word again, ***SLAMS***. 
Yea obama? What about the interpreters and informants who worked with the US armed forces that you abandoned in iraq and ahgahinstan? You refused to help these people into the US and left them to get murdered. After they helped us save our boys. Get fucked if you wanted to help refugees you had a group of people who put their lives on the line for the US.

Sources of my claim:
http://www.nooneleft.org/
http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2014/dec/8/visas-set-for-4000-afghan-interpreters-who-helped-/?page=all
--12k applicants and only 4k approved
http://www.npr.org/2015/03/11/392263873/9-iraqi-interpreters-sue-u-s-government-over-visa-delays
http://www.cbsnews.com/news/iraqi-translators-promised-visa-to-u-s-still-stuck-overseas-lawsuit/
Say what you want about Pres. Obama, but I'm pretty sure he still holds the record for most drone strikes by a Nobel peace prize winner. Many with civilian casualties to go with the targets. Hold that moral high ground, dude. 
"'If you don't stick to your values when they're being tested, they're not values: they're hobbies."
&gt;He added that the current US screening process takes 18 to 24 months, and is tighter than in Europe.

Just in case anyone thought they're strolling off boats and taking a deep predatory breath of our freedom-air.
If the vetting process and screening is done correctly the only Muslims you have to worry about are the ones born and raised in the US.  Home grow extremists are the one carrying out the majority of the attacks.
Obama certainly has a charming way of alienating people.
Okay, so how does this jive with the hysterics he and his party get into over gun control?  The thing he wants to spend his last year as President focusing on.

"If you don't stick to your values when they're being tested, they're not values: they're hobbies."

Does that make Constitutional obedience for him a hobby?
this all you need to know,our vetting process isn't very good

&gt;FBI Director James Comey hit on the issue at a congressional hearing last month, when he told lawmakers, "If someone has never made a ripple in the pond in Syria in a way that would get their identity or their interest reflected in our database, we can query our database until the cows come home, but there will be nothing show up because we have no record of them."
Not hysteria. Valid concerns from the citizens he is supposed to represent. Just because you got a car running and rolling down the highway doesn't mean you have to stay on just one road. 
If only Obama would attack ISIS with the same fervor as he attacks political opponents.  

TIL: A slew of people think that "fervor" means to drop bombs and kill people.  RIP USA education system.


The amount of un-American Americans who have succumbed to fear mongering in this thread is disgusting.
Good for him.

Throughout America's history there has always been panic &amp; fear-mongering about refugees coming here.

Our better sense &amp; nature have prevailed &amp; I'm hopeful they will continue to do so.

We cannot live in fear.
[TPP full text.](http://www.mfat.govt.nz/Treaties-and-International-Law/01-Treaties-for-which-NZ-is-Depositary/0-Trans-Pacific-Partnership-Text.php)
You can copyright scents and smells now. Kramer will finally get restitution from Calvin Klein stealing his just came from the beach fragrance
So the IP charter is horrible, section 18 expands criminal punishment for copyright infringement including for personal use. It furthermore makes it a crime to circumvent DRM.(by defining DRM circumvention as copyright infringement) 

The investment chapter makes it illegal to treat foregin/ multinational companies worse than domestic ones, but it's cool to treat foreign companies better. 

:edit
Here are the differences in the TPP text and us law. 
&gt; § 1204 . Criminal offenses and penalties5
(a) In General. — Any person who violates section 1201 or 1202  **willfully and for purposes of commercial advantage or private financial gain —**

TPP
&gt;Article 18.77: Criminal Procedures and Penalties

&gt;(b) **significant acts, not carried out for commercial advantage or financial gain,**

big difference if you ask me


Pretty sure the great majority of people there have never been in Syria
Well, I'm pretty sure a whole lot of innocent Syrians are going to die in the collateral fallout of ISIS being slaughtered over the next couple of years. 

Good luck with your caliphate, you mongrels.

Burn in hell.
So this is their plan to get less military action in Syria...
It takes a great person to punish someone innocent for someone else's actions
Big ol middle finger in americans faces. 
Couldn't terrorists just do most everything in person or through the mail, wasting trillions of our surveillance dollars? 
This is a great way to keep the heat and the discussion away from the people that are taking up most of the water

Even looking at these comments and you can tell it's working
So will they be naming the huge farms that use the most water in inefficient ways, or just individual citizens?
Apparently, it's hard to get rich people to follow the law. 
Darn. *Everything* is ____ shaming,  ____ phobic or _____ist these days O_O.

Everything.
This whole story is insane.
Just goes to show how much power the NCAA student athletes have. 
Hahahah
&gt;
After his removal 
a new amendment to UM system policies must be established to have all future UM system 
president and Chancellor positions be selected by a collective of students, staff, and faculty of 
diverse backgrounds
This can't be all the incidents that lead up to this, is it?

-Some student called another student a racist name.  
-Someone drew a swastika in poop.  
-A demonstrator, who walked in front of a moving car, got tapped by the car.

What else happened? This can't be all of it.

White mizzou student checking in,

These protests have been gaining traction for months. I'm on mobile and don't have the link, but the Maneater did a great job filling out a time line of this falls events on campus if anyone is interested in googling it. 

My take on all this? I'm afraid to share my opinion for fear of being flagged a racist hick. I have a few black friends, but hang out with mostly white people. I spoke with a some minority friends over the weekend to get their take on the protests, and mostly they agreed racism is an underlying, subtle problem on our campus most white people just don't see. I have to agree, if a group of black people showed up at my party unannounced, I bet 2-3 people would approach me shortly after asking me who they are, why they showed up ect. White people would probably be more welcomed. 

I don't consider myself racist, but then I don't know what it's like to be apart of the minority, just seems to me there are more constructive ways to get change to occur than burning the president at the stake. They were successful because of a social media blitz and extreme behavior that ultimately cost the university money. When that happened, the university saw it was affecting their bottom line, they caved. This is all just so surreal, and our campus is only going to get more insane from here
I'm a student at Mizzou. 
While eating in a dining hall (which I was enjoying as an upperclassmen- YAY free food) the protestors entered and began a very loud chant. It was quite aggressive. There was a Girl Scout troop visiting the school that day, eating in the cafeteria. Many of the little girls cried. That's a little girl's first exposure to a protest for equality... An angry crowd. 
Many of the groups have entered The Student Center (Brady Commons for you Alumni). This is a place students meet for projects, do homework in a stress free environment, and have access to psychiatrists, LGBTQ reps, counsel, etc. It's a wonderful place, until filled with chanting people. 

Several teachers have cancelled classes. 

I understand you're mad with the people in charge, but why ruin MY education? I paid a lot to attend my cancelled human physiology lecture. I like studying at The Student Center. Those Girl Scouts didn't deserve to be scared to tears. 

Bother the people that you blame for this, not students and little girls. 
I'm mizzou student, and I think this is shitty movement. But I can't say this loudly in campus...
Also, I feel the way they are protesting racism is really wrong. Like a month ago, they were marching yelling "White Silence Is Violence!" in student center where some students were studying. As Asian student, I thought what they were saying was racism. 
[This is the video what they did](https://youtu.be/1wXjasmuisc)
These protests are why Jerry Seinfeld (who is the least offensive comedian I can think of) says he won't perform at colleges anymore - because SJW college students will tar and feather anyone who isn't as PC as them. 

Sounds like Mizzou is in line for a non-white President, surely that will make everything different and better. 
The inevitable backlash against this nonsense cannot happen soon enough.
This is so confusing. What the fuck did the students want? It's a massive college campus open to the public. Shit happens. 
more news: the South Park PC Principal has been appointed the new president of the University of Missouri school system
This stupid, pseudo-outrage is turning our nation into a laughing stock.  First Halloween costumes at Yale, and now this.  What is next in the social justice war?  And how do they respond when all the "safe spaces" they've created with their outrage, offend another person?  Because, personally, I'm pretty goddamned offended by all the bullshit I've been reading and hearing over the past week.
Kinda sad.  If someone wants to draw a swastika/do other racist things, no change in president is going to fix that.  The group targeted the wrong person and cost a person their job. 
[deleted]
I still don't get why he resigned. Because he couldn't admit his "white male privilege?" I don't get how he's responsible for the actions of a few ignorant racists that exist on campus. This just sounds like a witch hunt and he was the scapegoat. 
What a joke. Stop crying about the Ferguson incident. The President had nothing to do with that, obviously, and for him to stand with Mike Brown and the Ferguson protestors would be the dumbest move any president of a university could of made. They literally asked for this mans head because he was white. Racists scum
Fucking ESPN is acting like this is Selma. Fuck this bullshit. They had zero reason to act like this. This taught those idiots if they complain enough they might just get what they want
It seems like we are approaching the knee of the curve for the fervor surrounding SJW causes. You can tell this movement doesn't ring true when you can look at an episode like this and ask yourself what good was accomplished by all of this and come up with nothing.  Reactionary political correctness and fear of retribution for perceived injustice is not long for this world. 
And yet #killallmen or whoever still has her job. 
I'm sure this won't set a dangerous precedent at all. Demanding 10% black staff isn't racist at all and is totally in line with legal hiring practices. Of course the president should be forced to resign because of the actions of 3 students. 

I could go on but I think its glaringly obvious how asinine this all is; another win for PC America, someones feelings get hurt and they cry discrimination until they get what they want. 
This is what schools deserve for making football more important than the school.

The only reason this happened was because the Missou football team brings in $90M in revenue to the school.  I guarantee the regents compared the $90M they'd lose in football revenue, vs. the $0 they'd lose by firing this guy, and told him to pack his fucking bags.

They could demand the President do the Hokey Pokey on the Quad every Wednesday and he'd have to do it.

Serves that school right for focusing primarily on a semi-pro sports team and admitting half-literate thugs.

Turns out they just run the school now.  Suckers.  Hopefully every other D1 Football team in the country realizes they can strike for literally anything and get what they want now.

The backlash that's going to hit these SJWs one day is going to be monumental. 
The left-wing PC movement is a SERIOUS threat to the intellectual and cultural future of this country...

This is pure insanity.
This is the Salem Witch Trials of our time.  Give into the demands of the vacuous mob or they will destroy your life.  I am shocked and frightened at the state of University education in America.
As a student of the UM System, I wonder what this means for me?  Will there be stability among the ranks or is this just the beginning of a shit storm?  I hope that upset Mizzou students realize that bad people just exist in this world.  Putting the blame on one man and burning him at the stake solves nothing.  It will only antagonize those who wish to do harm.  Don't feed the trolls, they want publicity and that is exactly what they just got...

EDIT: There is a difference between Mizzou and UM.  The UM president was forced out.  It is like kicking out Obama because someone called you an Idiot.  These types of situations are good for nobody.  There is no winner and now things get moved back even more.  Calm down Mizzou and stay in your lane.  
I think this is very sad news for academia in the US.  Universities are becoming intolerant of free speech and when they can make demands like the president's resignation and get away with it, it's only going to make the problem worse.
SJWs make me so glad I already graduated.
Question, do we know who was placing this racist stuff? Cause it seems odd that a bunch of racist events occur just as people demand several propositions to change the racial quota.
Absolutely crazy. I already have two White friends at UM that are in the transfer process. How can you go to a school and feel safe when the students are so bigoted and racist that they want to hire more Black faulty *just because they're Black*?

It's incredibly hard not to hold racial resentment when we have a section of society so openly racist against you.

I can't imagine many of the wealthy UM donors are okay with rampant Black chauvinism on the campus. Have fun getting no donations, UM; this will only be a learning lesson for campuses to come.
Did the white devil apologize for being white?
You'd have to be an idiot to take this job now. The precedent has been set that you can be run out of town by histrionic, entitled SJWs.
Political terrorism. There's no other relevant description.
The calculated use of fear, intimidation and threats against innocent targets to induce phsychic fear and irrational behavior in targets and achieve political goals.

Further, exploiting the media in order to achieve maximum attainable publicity as an amplifying force multiplier.

Is there anyone who isn't terrified by the power of groups to completely destroy other people for irrational reasons created from whole cloth?
Pretty sure making this guy resign is an example of another type of racism mixed in with some insanity.
40% of millennials are absolutely retarded. 
40% of millennials are going to have a really tough time adjusting to real life
Think of how stupid the average person is, and realize half of them are stupider than that.

-George Carlin
Good thing for a few more years we still live in  a place where 40% is still less than 60% of the people who understand how fucking stupid the 40% are being.
When 20 you worry what people think about you. 

When 40 you don't care what people think about you. 

When 60 you realize no one ever was thinking about you. 
Well fuck them. I mean me. 
Millinneals is such a broad term.. I feel like it's anyone 30 and under. Even though I'm 20, I feel like I'm in a separate generation from the people born late 2000s or late 80s. 
This is supremely unsettling "Those who would sacrifice essential liberties for temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety"

And this isn't even physical safety we're talking about, they just don't want their precious feelings hurt
Idiots. Straight up. I'm 29. Fuck my generation.
40% of millennials don't understand you have the freedom say what you want but you don't have the freedom from the consequences of what you say. 
why is it always the last one in the pool that always kill the party?

Source: 29 and appalled by the stupid shit the tail end of my generation says and does.
So that's how hip hop music will end.
It comes down to this idea that being offended=being unsafe. Freedom of speech has always been secondary to individual safety, that's why you can't threaten to kill someone and call it free speech. 

SJWs are trying, and frankly succeeding, in changing the definition of safety. If feeling uncomfortable or having your 'emotional self' under attack is the same as being physically attacked, then it's easy to make the leap to assuming freedom of speech is secondary to freedom from emotional harm. 

That's why the way they are trying to redefine language is so dangerous. We see it with the definition of racism, they've basically convinced everyone that that one sociological definition is the only definition, and thus only whites can be racist. Somehow the world had bought into that and convinced themselves that somehow that has always been the definition, when in reality a few years ago it was virtually unheard of. 

If we give them the power to redefine our language we are opening the door for them to try to redefine basically every aspect of our society.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Isn't the most likely explanation that this is just a result of abortion rates dropping across the board?  Wider access to contraceptives and better sex ed means that millennials have less abortions than previous generations, creating less of a demand for abortion services?
Fallout 4 comes out, people having less sex. Solved the puzzle!
How many royals are there on earth? Can't we agree in 2015 that their privileges need to end? Seriously people...
In other unrelated news, Bill Cosby has been made an honorary member of the saudi royal family. 
Saudi shenanigans really seemed to have entered the spotlight recently. I wonder why?
I have a BA in Psychology and an MA in Counseling, and I have taken quite a few developmental psychology courses. While I may not be an expert on *teaching*, I certainly agree that the school system should pay way more attention to developmental psychology. One thing that always bugs me about the school system is that, despite research showing that intrinsic motivation is stronger than extrinsic motivation, schools put focus on the extrinsic motivation of grades very early on. (Intrinsic motivation involves doing something for its own sake, such as learning for the sake of learning. Extrinsic motivation involves doing something in order to gain rewards or avoid punishments.) Grades are important, yes, but we shouldn't be squashing kids' love of learning for its own sake.
There's a lot to think about when it comes to why some teachers resign. Ultimately, it is about the pressure on a teacher. There is a phenomenal level of accountability for a profession that (as we all know by now) most don't go into with ambitions of getting rich. We all have this image starting out of Robin Williams in Dead Poet's Society, we'll motivate everyone, we'll change the world. We'll have all these wonderful students who want to learn, but just aren't being engaged properly. Then you start to realize not all students share your passion for learning, people are people. You have to get through to those who don't want to learn as much as those that do.



Preparing for the downvoting, so many things are not taken into account or are based as default assumptions on what "teaching" is. That there's some universal band-aid we're missing as educators, when there are mutiple layers.


I. Our school system by default is based off a century old model of education geared towards placing learners in a workplace environment as quickly as possible. We are still using this fundamental system, and until we agree as a society this is no longer the effective way, no amount of psychological input will change our education system.

II. Parental involvement. I kek'd, and I kek'd some more. To even reach a parent sometimes, (teachers) we need to talk to the nurse to get a right number. They'll provide false ones to the teacher, but care enough to give a legit one to the nurse. Bottom line is, a lot of parents don't give a crap about their child's educational well being. You call explaining why the student is failing, what can be done to change it, zero fucks given. Then you have the upper class showing up at the principal's if you gave Susie an A when she "deserved" an A+. 



III. Standards vs Assessment. For people talking about "motivation", realize these are the two biggest hurdles for a teacher to overcome. Your standards are what the state and nation -expect- you to cover on a certain taxonomy. Your -assessment- used to be primarily teacher driven (teacher makes the test to assess learning) but now is heavily standardized (teacher teaches to a test).  And these testing companies are GIANTS. There's a "testing" economy in our education department, people making money off assessing someone else's work. Think on that for five seconds.




IV. The learning spectrum. A lot of education topics I see act as if every student is general ed level, the quote on quote "normal" student, forgetting we do incorporate classrooms of 30+ people, with reading levels in a high school varying from 12th grade to 3rd grade. We are still expected to show progress for -every- student, regardless of what is or isn't motivating them, the ONUS is on the teacher. Even with a co-teacher for a large behavioral or 
needs classroom, one student having a breakdown/meltdown means you just lost the entire class till you resolve it.


V. Administration. What if I told you there are countless positions in the DOE field at the upper echelon of paygrade that don't require a single semester of any "education" or "teaching"? Some teachers answer directly to a beauracracy of people who have no concept of education beyond what they learned from high school, and teachers are in a perpetual struggle to break the mold of what education is. Lets not even start into what can make it into a history textbook having fuck all to do with a historian's selection, but political or local lawyers/dentists making the decision for you.


tl;dr there is a "science" to teaching, it is a complex evolving organism. There is no one size fits all solution to how to "fix" education. The system as it stands is fundamentally broken and in desperate need of reform.
&gt; Even if they don't get it — they will get it eventually. It's not worth stressing your child out and ruining their evening with their family to meet this arbitrary level of achievement.

Reading a simple book is not an arbitrary level of achievement.  

Jesus Christ what the fuck is wrong with these people.
I don't mean to be crass about it, I hope he can recover.

But Dr. Hawking is medical marvel of survival in the face of a crushing condition.  He has possibly lived longer in the near maximum of "Ill health" than any other human that's ever lived.  I can only assume he had made it for so long because he has ironclad willpower.
On a serious note. When someone with ALS and who has been living on borrowed time for decades says they're ill, you have to worry. 

Would be a shame to lose such a great mind.

He cancelled to play Fallout 4. Can't blame him one bit
Get well soon Professor Hawking!
Did they try turning him off and back on again?
Crazy, I was just watching Necessary Roughness.  He was also great in Die Hard 2 and Law &amp; Order(among others)!


Now who besides the Fonz is gonna tell me how to screw my family over with a reverse mortgage?
Can you imagine renovating a place and in the next instant you're Indiana Jones? 
&gt; “Jewish people filled in the forms honestly, they refused to believe where this might end up,” said Kenyeres.

Always be skeptical of government intent.
Jesus Christ these comments.
ITT: Dipshit NeoNazis
[The photo](http://i.imgur.com/FIyRK2b.jpg) for anyone who does't want to wade through all the ads and stuff in the article. 
*"In the Name of the Pasta, and of the Sauce and the Holy Meatballs...R'Amen"*
This could land her in some hot water. 
Now here's somebody I want to meet!!   

(In a public place though.   During daylight hours.)
Well at least if she ever gets pulled over for drinking while driving, she can just convince the officer she's retarded. 
**VIDEO**[NSFW]

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1dVDsjbIqd4
Cop burns rubber in there, doesn't even block the car properly, then he never states that he is the police, he only yells STOP STOP HANDS UP I WILL SHOOT. 

Also wasn't wearing a normal police uniform, and the other cop that shows up at the end is in plain clothes. Is it unreasonable for this kid to try and escape when armed people (who don't identify themselves as police) point weapons at you.

Never mind the fact that this sting was over about 10 grams of pot.

This is justified how exactly?
Good thing the officer loudly announced that he was indeed a police officer, not just a random guy with a gun. It might have been a life or death situation otherwise.

Oh fucking wait.
And this sting did what exactly? 

It didn't take down a violent heroin dealer who used kidnapped women to peddle his shit. It didn't stop any cops who get drunk and smack around their spouses.  

All it did was kill a teen who had some bud. That's it. 

And before anyone starts the bullshit. The cop was not in uniform,  he did not identify him self, he put himself infront of the car. 

The war on drugs is nothing more than an excuse to kill, steal and cover up. All for the sake of winning the unwinable. And to "get the numbers up" so departments can justify needing more money and weapons.  

End the fucking insanity. 

Legalize cannabis. 

End the war on drugs.
I would like to note that for anyone else that owns or carries a firearm, it is not a justifiable reason to use your weapon if you purposefully create the situation that creates the requirement for use of deadly force.  Why stepping in front of and firing at people in fleeing vehicles, absent of being fired on from said vehicle, is an acceptable policy is beyond me.  This is a fucking tragedy, and even if this was legally justified, that officer is still a piece of shit human being for doing this to someone. 

This is pretty much the same situation where the woman shot at the fleeing shop lifter, but since this guy is a cop, he gets a pass.
http://www.greenvilleonline.com/story/news/2015/10/12/greenville-news-sues-sled-zach-hammond-video/73607402/

They fought tooth and nail on releasing the video, they know it was murder. They had to be sued for the video to be released... that whole city needs to be at the police departments doorstep looking for answers. This is bullshit. 
The fact that taxi cabs are running without charging is just...amazing really.
60 dead. Reports coming in of hostages being killed 1 by 1. This is disgusting.
nearly all the hostages killed...fuck
state of emergency declared http://www.theguardian.com/world/live/2015/nov/13/shootings-reported-in-eastern-paris-live
America is with you france. Stay strong!
What the fuck is wrong with people?
"Let the word go forth from this time and place, to friend and foe alike, that the torch has been passed to a new generation of Americans—born in this century, tempered by war, disciplined by a hard and bitter peace, proud of our ancient heritage—and unwilling to witness or permit the slow undoing of those human rights to which this nation has always been committed , and to which we are committed today at home and around the world.
          Let every nation know, whether it wishes us well or ill, that we shall pay any price, bear any burden, meet any hardship, support any friend, oppose any foe, to assure the survival and the success of Liberty.
           This much we pledge—and more"

– John F. Kennedy
I feel selfish thinking this, but am I the only one worried about how governments will use this as an exuse for "increased security against terrorism"? This isn't a small act, its pretty damn big.
Well only a few hours late, thanks Reddit.
Prayers to anyone in France tonight. Stay safe, guys. 
It would be nice if I and every other working person could get a home loan with an interest rate 33% - 50% lower then what the banks would give us.  As far as I am concerned, this is yet another example of those at the top getting better deals ahead of everyone else from this 'of the people, by the people, for the people' government.  
[deleted]
Raising food and awareness for homeless by staging a publicity stunt and collecting toys for kids is a good enough reason to like this guy, aiding victims of violence just puts the cherry on top.  Good guy Kevin.
What is this, it isn't even Black Friday yet and someone was shot in a BestBuy parking lot? Yeesh.
Did he cut off someone's limb??
"After he realized he was unable to save the victims life, he quickly stabbed them in the brain with a piece of steel re-bar."
This is the most American headline I've seen. 
I'll bet he lost his place in line though.
Only reason I can think of that weed isn't legal in California is there's been too much money in illegal weed.  
The only reason cannabis is not legal for recreational use in CA is b/c of the medical cannabis owners who want it all.

EDIT: I meant Medical Cannabis Dispensary owners. Not patients. They actually fund the anti-legalization movement.
&gt;The kingdom of Saudi Arabia has long called for more intensified international efforts to combat the scourge of terrorism in all its forms and shapes.

Fuck you you Wahhabi promoting son of a bitch.   


If the world was not united in their resolve towards ISIS, they are now.
"This is an attack on music". Fuck you Bono, stop trying to make this about you somehow.
So they've attached a European power in their home. That seems to me like a really bad idea. This would (if France requests it) kick in the NATO treaty unleashing the wrath of some of most mighty military forces the world has ever seen on the Islamic State.
IS is about to get fucked. Putin is pissed. And now this. 
I know people might hate me for this, and I know this might be an unpopular opinion. But it is enough.

I no longer believe in the equality of humankind. There are humans, like you and me. That arab looking guy selling you a kebab? He's one of us too, just like the girl who came from India about three months ago in the apartment below yours. In the subway, you see us again, we're all aroundyou, we're just humans, no less and no more than that.

And these abominations are not. They are scum, no longer to be considered human. They fight for extermination of everyone different than them. We had that once, and it was only against one particular ethnicity. We know it as the Holocaust, or more appropriately Shoa.

And those that did it, I am ashamed to admit that they were so present in my home country and that there are still some of them (every single one is one too many) were scum as well. Abominations.
And the Nazis were dealt with, but it took the rest of the world too long to realize that they could have been stopped in their tracks.
Now, everyone is tweeting "Make Love Not War", and some other oh-so-peaceful bullcrap. I think it is wrong.
These madmen would not give us a second chance, so why should they deserve one? In some eyes it may be wrong to kill, yes, but if their deaths can be the only way to prevent the pointless, gruesome death of dozens, hundreds, or, should it come to the worst, thousands of others, then I believe we have to draw a line. Human lives matter. Theirs do not.

They are the scum of the earth, and I salute every action that brings us closer to their end.
So 2 families quit the church?
Awh I was all for it until that guy said he hadn't been active in 17 years. Now I'm fairly certain a majority of these people were inactive before they started the protest. Which would make little difference to church leaders and Mormons in general. 
That's a lot of money being lost, I'm sure the clergy will 'find God'.
Jesus. We used to play Terminator during recess. 
I don't get it. There must be no play violence allowed in schools. Meanwhile, violent movies and TV shows are hugely popular, violent sports are ingrained in US culture,  and once kids graduate high school they'll be encouraged to join the armed forces or at the very least taught that our veterans are heroes and should be celebrated. That a lot of hypocritical BS to be throwing down on our kids.
"Look out!  He has an imagination!  Won't someone think of the children?!"
At my son's day care there was a boy who had a cape and played Batman by beating the ever-lovin' crap out of anybody around him. Once they took the cape away, he couldn't do it, and would be silent and pout. Without the cape he had no powers.

His parents insisted on him having the cape, and the teachers insisted that the cape be locked in a drawer. When they came to pick him up, the teachers would hand the cape to the parents. When the parents dropped him off in the morning he had the cape on again, and the teachers had to stop him.

He was one bizarre little kid.


"I have caught word that a child is using his imagination and I've come to put a stop to it." -Principal Skinner
Kid punished for open-carrying an imaginary bow.  Lucky the nation is full of vigilant principals.
Shouldn't the principle be suspended for pretending to be a Nazi?
I was born the Green Ranger, but I identify as the Black Ranger.
It's pretty much standard these days. Kids cannot play "violent" games. No soldier play with guns, no play fighting, no normal kid stuff. People demand more safety in schools and this is how it happens. 
The kid was literally punished for a thoughtcrime.
&lt;div class="md"&gt;&lt;p&gt;The kid was literally punished for a thoughtcrime.
Imagination = ++ungood.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
Isn't he going to have an issue with standing? What does the state think?
"We need to establish and respect safe spaces but also yell 'fuck your comfort' in libraries where people are quietly studying."
Wow. What the fuck do they think they are accomplishing? 
They should be kicked out of school. A group of physically aggressive white people throwing racially motivated insults toward black people would be charged with hate crimes. 
Look what happens when rich black kids try to act like they are underprivileged black kids!
In a library? Seriously a library.. Somehow one person thought "where could we make the most impact in our movement.. Oh how about a library" and then the others went "great idea, Leslie.." PC pres was right Leslie should shut up 
It's like McCarythism for racism. 
you studied, applied, took those arduous exams, wrote and rewrote those annoying essays, got dressed up, maybe even interviewed, hugged your parents who looked at you with pure pride, unable to fight the racing possibilities of what their baby could grow up to be... and after all that, you're shouting "fuck you filthy white fucks" at kids studying in a library...
EDIT: So when I posted this comment, I read the article but didn't watch the video. I watched it today, and I didn't see or hear anyone saying anything racist or threatening in the video. I am a fucking idiot.
&gt;“we raised hell, we caused discomfort, and we made our voices heard..."

Yes you did.  Now we all know that you are a bunch of racist assholes who want to make the Black Lives Matter movement into a reverse mirror image of the Klu Klux Klan.

When you shout out racist anti-white slogans, you are no better than the racist whites you are protesting against.  Maybe worse, because having been subject to racism, you really ought to know better.
I grew up in Hanover.

If these students have a problem with White, over-privileged rich kids...they picked the wrong school in the wrong town.
The white people among them looking for their pat on the head upset me the most. 

Protip: Even though you're helping them they still hate you too. 
&gt;An anonymous member of the class of 2019 explained that while working on a group project in a private study room, his undergraduate advisor came in and expressed his disappointment that the he was not joining in the protest. The advisor then demanded that he and the other members of his group project to leave the room and join in.

Wtf? That "advisor" should be outed and then fired immediately. 
Half of the group, if not more were white. Even if your white guilt is at an 11, why the Fuck join in on a legit hate crime on other white people?
Black lives matter, but that 40k or whatever it is a year at Dartmouth and the people studying for their exams or doing hw doesn't huh? Man, I'm really starting to lose faith in this whole black lives matter stuff. I also like how like 75% of all the people chanting were white. 
black lives matter movement is garbage
This is straight up harassment.

Isn't that a crime over there?
     -They confronted students who bore “symbols of oppression” such as “gangster hats” and Beats-brand headphones. 


Beats headphones? Wut?

I get that they are overpriced shite. But hardly a symbol of oppression unless you work in a sweatshop making them.
[removed]
It's getting embarrassing to be a college student.
Absolute fucking insanity
How long before our mods delete this? They have been removing anything that shows how senseless/irrational these protesters are. 

Dude -- you are preaching to young people in a college library. *They are probably already on your side and just want some peace to fucking study*. 
&gt; we made our voices heard all throughout this campus in the name of standing up for our brothers and sisters across the country who are staring **terrorism** and assault directly in the face.

How about we send them all to Raqqa? 
[deleted]
[deleted]
Lunatics. The fact that these assholes get any press it frustrating. The best thing would be to ignore them like the scum they are. 
Expel them all. You don't ransack a building and assault people for having different beliefs WITHOUT GETTING EXPELLED. 
Affirmative action has jumped the shark.
This is what happens when you take hundreds of special snowflakes, admit them to a college not because of their merits but because they're black, and then give them "safe spaces"  to circle jerk their opinions until they're so damn sure of themselves and their "oppresion" they go and confidentily shove their unchallenged opinions down everybodies throat. Fuck this noise.
Man I wish I'm around when one of these events unfold. I'd have the time of my life heckling them. 
Oh, you weren't in the library majoring in liberal arts?  Racist.
I'm surprised any of these people knew where to find the library. Someone must have drawn them a map. 
Let's hope California doesn't make him sue to prove his innocence in order to receive compensation [like many states do](http://www.nola.com/crime/index.ssf/2014/07/former_death_row_inmate_damon_1.html).  
Is the prosecutor that stole 36 years of this man's life going to face any charges? 

lol, we all know better
SEE!? With body cams you don't even NEED an investigation. Should take 1 detective with an IQ of 70 to watch a video of the literal happenings. Boom. Done. They murdered a child and then tried to cover it up. They get to go away forever! Hoorah!



Or they could keep fuckin' around with stuff like this and eventually someone will decide to start judging them guilty with obvious 100% certainty from the videos provided and offing them at some point. There are quite a few cops that deserve to be "Judge Dredd"ed up in here. AND the lawsuits need to stop. The tax payers pay enough. They shouldn't be on the hook for some jack-off that wanted to know what it was like to watch a man die.
&gt;A law enforcement source told CBS News the officers will not tell state police investigators why they wanted to pull over Few...

Something sinister about this. Almost sounds like a hit. This is why they are each charged with murder, attempted murder, and 1mil bail. A third officer, the one with the cam,  testified that Few wasn't threatening. 
Body cams made a differance.
It's kind of sad that this is even controversial.  I generally support Israel, but there is no reason their interests should come before the US (and by the same token, there is no reason US interests should come before Israeli interests in Israel).
How is this controversial?  Since when was it considered offensive and taboo to consider your own country's  citizens over another?


Edit: spelling
Why is this controversial? I bet that Detroit and midwest in general would really benefit form $4.3 billion dollars that we give to Israel each year. Just imagine how better of would everyone be if we pumped all that money in our own problems. 
Let's examine the situation. Thousands of people go without water and power in Detroit for missing a payment, while Israel receives billions of dollars to build up its military and tech industry - industry that will globally compete in time with the US.

If you support Israel first, before you fix the conditions of the wanton American taxpayer, with American tax payer money, you are in fact showing disloyalty to the USA.

Also, you are re-allocating funds granted under force of sovereignty in policy, and given by ignorant yet loyal Americans WHO EXPECT that money to go to fixing the US and not propping Israel up for another 68 years of conflict. . . 

Israel is factually a European Jewish imperialism created for the purpose of confounding regional politics and keeping uncooperative (with anglo-american interest) nations from creating an 'oil producing league'. period. History 101.  Israel is America's pet project because it's America's henchman in the region, keeping the petro-dollar safe. So, for an American citizen to see "USA first", what they are in fact being asked is this: 

"do you support a 68 year geo-strategic endeavor half way across the world, or, do you support local/domestic improvement". 

When put into a clear means of consideration, 68 years of petro-dollar security can kiss most american's ass. 


I am kind of expecting that we will see a dramatic rise in internet segmentation, where regional players fence off their internet (or portions of) access, much like China does today (Russia also seems to be heading this way).  Such a shame -- we could be a more free and open global society, but instead we seem to be more divided than we've been in years.
Fuck all of these shitty people. Why ruin something so great in the world?
From the [Gawker article](http://gawker.com/chris-christie-sipping-a-smoothie-was-kicked-off-an-a-1738543549?rev=1445786383092&amp;utm_campaign=socialflow_gawker_facebook&amp;utm_source=gawker_facebook&amp;utm_medium=socialflow) referenced by this Washington Post article:

&gt;He got on last minute yelling at his two secret service agents I think **because of a seat mixup**, sat down and immediately started making phone calls on the quiet car. After about 10 minutes **the conductor asked him to stop or go to another car**. He **got up and walked out** again yelling at his secret service. He was drinking a McDonald’s strawberry smoothie.

So, Christie accidentally got into the quite car.  The conductor notified Christie of the mistake.  Christie left the quite car.
Damn, this is so sensationalized. It's a non-story. A guy got onto the quiet part of the train and didn't realize it. They told him it was the quiet part, and then he moved. Who gives a shit?
If Chris Christie can't stand up to an Amtrak train conductor what makes us think he can stand up to Vladimir Putin?
Just imagine Chris Christie running ~~for the office.~~
So, the marshals lied, and one of them had a personal vendetta with the boys father. 

That doesn't make the story any more sympathetic for the police.
&gt; At a press conference, Edmonson initially described the shooting as “an exchange of gunfire”, but later clarified that only the officers had shot, and that investigators had found no gun in Few’s car.

So it wasn't a gun battle, the police were the only ones who opened fire.

Of course guns aren't the only things that can be used as weapons.

&gt; Orange spray paint marks the orientation of Few’s car and three patrol cars, at the intersection of Taensas Street and Martin Luther King Drive. The particular placement of the cars – and a spray of glass from the passenger’s side of Few’s car – seems to indicate Few was not backing toward the officers. His car was perpendicular to them, and the officers’ shots hit the driver’s side broadside.

So he, and the murdered child, were in a car that could not possibly have posed a threat to the police, and he had no other weapons.

&gt; Edmonson also said video footage of the incident does exist, but that investigators have not reviewed it. He added that the officers involved – there are four – had so far refused to speak with state police investigators.

Four police officers were involved in the shooting, and none of them are cooperating. 

&gt; Few was afraid of the marshals, she said, because he and and one of the marshals on the scene had a prior personal conflict. 

So marshals with a history of personal conflict with a man try to kill him with no legal justification and instead kill his 6-year old son.

If we had a justified expectation that these murderers would face justice, then this would be a horrible tragedy.  The fact that they might get off with voluntary manslaughter or even get off entirely is sickening.
The officers aren't talking. They fucking MURDERED an innocent child and put the father in the hospital. 

I hope any officers who fired are convicted of Murder and attempted murder. The officers who were on scene should be charged the same, just like you charge a criminal who is at the scene of a murder when his buddy kills someone.

This whole situation pisses me off so much.
I worked for AppleGold, a part of the whole mega-corp or whatever it is that is Applebee's. Knowing management, and having worked next to the corporate center for AppleGold so we had the big corporate guys come in all the time to eat for free, they would have no problem shitting all over anyone who appeared weak or vulnerable for the sake of an extra dollar. Please don't eat at Applebee's. Please don't give them your money.

Edit: I don't know how I failed to mention that my manager stole my tip share from my final shift as a host and pocketed it, bragging to the head cook that he did it. I was 18. It was probably about $25. 
Good job Applebee's you paid your employee after getting caught taking advantage of a mentally challenged man for a year
Seems like simple re-payment of what's owed is insufficient at this point in this case.   There should be penalties and interest applied.
“It’s used by dozens, perhaps hundreds, of local law enforcement, used by the usual suspects at the federal level, and if the IRS is using it, it shows just how far these devices have spread,” Wessler said.

Well fuck
I can't wait to get audited for publishing this.

Edit: On a serious side note, anybody can do FOIA journalism like I did for this story. Concerned by or want to know more about something your government does? File a records request! There are websites you can use now that make it really easy. [Muckrock](http://muckrock.com/) helped me get started doing it.
You wanna piss off the government? 

Get rid of your cell phone. They can't spy on something that doesn't exist.
In other news, 100% of Americans are American. 
Most are Somali Minnesotans and the children of immigrant refugees.
how many are directly children of immigrants/refugees? 
This may actually be a damning statistic.

Remember Bayes' theorem. If it turns out that damn near 20% of IS-related suspects are from a very tiny subset (e.g. Islamic) of an already small group of the population (e.g. immigrants), then that tells us this particular subset may have some issues.

Of course, we'd need to do the math to come to such a conclusion. But, that 81% stat is all but meaningless without context.
Ok. I am drunk and broke into the zoo. I would go to the Penguins and otters. 
Tiger being a tiger, and moron being a moron

"if you get killed...and you get killed by a tiger...and you get killed by a tiger in a zoo...and you get killed by a tiger in a zoo in san fransisco...then God's wil has been done..."

-Katt Williams
This isn't new at all, many counties/cities have a "strong mayor" system in place.

I did not fully understand what this means until a couple years ago when the county I'm in (El Paso, CO) voted on Prop 64 (recreational marijuana). The public voted overwhelmingly in support of recreational marijuana being sold in the county (El Paso).

Public voted "Yes!". Mayor apparently has the authority to veto a public vote. One man said "No."

The result? The bill passed by public vote and was shot down by local government. El Paso County is I believe the only county not selling recreational marijuana in the entire state. It's also the largest county in the state (I believe).

Not even in a sneaky fashion or trying to avoid the issue, just flat out, "Oh you voted? Too fucking bad." 

This is not democracy, this is dictatorship by definition.

As an additional F-You by the local government, on this coming ballot is a MASSIVE sales tax increase. So they refuses to sell pot, which everyone else is just raking in tax cash from, shot down the publics vote on it, then turn around and "ask" for a tax increase. 

It's not even an illusion anymore, it's right out in broad daylight. Your vote clearly doesn't matter.

As if there's any mystery as to why they don't want to release voting records to that statistician professor right?

This "emergency manager" thing has been going on for a while in Michigan. It should be alarming, but so many people just don't seem to care that their voting rights have literally been taken away by the republicans in that state. 
Not for nothing, but majority black cities tend to vote for black Democratic politicians who are as corrupt as can be.  These politicans loot the city's coffers for personal gain, and are completely inept at city management.  Many end up going to prison.

Yet despite this, the pattern continues and you keep seeing these incompetent politicians elected.  Eventually, decades of mismanagement leads to situations like we have in Michigan.  So when "U.S. Democracy" is fundamentally flawed, as the voters cannot be trusted to make the right decision, this is what happens.

We aren't anything but slaves. 
&gt;burst of hot gas pushes two pieces of metal together at speeds approaching thousands of miles per hour.

That's some next level problem solving. 
So it's basically impact/explosive welding using electricity instead of other means?
Stupid fucking sophos content blocker my dumbass company installed blocks this .edu web domain as "marketing/merchandise"

FML
"the protest was a wonderful, beautiful thing"

is this real life?
&gt;she noted that her office had gotten “a lot of terrible calls” decrying the protest, but: “We told them that they were all ridiculous and that the protest was a wonderful, beautiful thing.” 

&gt;The problem, she told the kids, is, “There’s a whole conservative world out there that’s not very nice.”

Apparently, you are a conservative if you think white people shouldn't be harassed and attacked for their skin color.
"If I can't study, you can't study." One of the protesters told a student in the library. You can study! Go to your room (Since there's a bunch of screaming maniacs in the library) and ta-da! You can pick  up a book, learn, and the evil whites can't do anything to stop you.
“filthy white b - - - h.”

Other chants: “F - - k your white privilege!” and “F - - k you, you filthy white f - - ks!” 

Who’s the racist here? Can the redditors who called me racist yesterday for saying black people can be racist reply to me?
"I am sorry you trespassed and disrupted our daily routines", geez, political correctness to the point of surrendering.
I dont know, from the look of these protests it does not look like white people are doing a whole lot of oppressing. 
If any of the protesters were actually students at Dartmouth, kick them out of school. What they did was not a protest. It was harassment, and if I did that to a group of black people studying in the library and said white lives matter, I wouldn't just get expelled. I would be placed in a Cannon, and fired out of the school. 
This is not surprising, given the postmodern culture of many college campuses today. A school will do just about anything to avoid the "racism" label. 
From the article:

&gt; Cue the school’s vice provost for student affairs, Inge-Lise Ameer, who told the BLMers, “I’m very, very sorry that you feel this way. We don’t want you to have this experience here.”

But the other kids who were in the library studying had to endure being sworn at and:

&gt; Oh, and assaulting them, too, according to The Dartmouth Review, which reported that protesters pinned one girl to a wall while calling her a “filthy white b - - - h.”

Doesn't sound very much as if the protesters want to improve the lot of minorities in America so much as they want to throw temper tantrums in public.  

It's ironic that if this had been done by high school students, they would likely have been arrested, charged with assault, and suspended or expelled.

This wasn't a protest, it was an unruly mob.  If they genuinely want to bring about positive changes for minorities in America, there are better ways to go about it than harassing other people who are peacefully studying and trying to get an education. 

Edit:  Several people have refuted The Dartmouth Review's claim that one person was pinned to a wall by a protester and called names.  Redditor /u/QuesoDog provided [this link](http://www.vnews.com/news/dartmouth/19531177-95/dartmouth-black-lives-matter-protest-in-national-spotlight) to The Valley News, which provides a very different take on the protest.  I also watched this [YouTube clip](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OJAuVQlLxD0) of the protest.  The clip is only 1:38 seconds, but shows no violence of any kind.  If there was any name calling it wasn't audible in the clip.

If the protest was nothing more than what is shown in the brief YouTube video, it would seem that The Dartmouth Review fabricated a good portion of the article.  I would urge others to check out multiple sources on this one because there's a pretty wide discrepancy between what's being reported.
These college admins are smart.

They're babying up college students making them ill-prepared for the real world.

These students will graduate, realize the world doesn't give a fuck about their sensitivities and will run back to grad school.

More $$$ for the school.
"Dartmouth kids just learned the ugliest lesson ever taught at a university: If you’re assaulted by the “right” sort of people, the school will apologize — to your attackers."

If they didn't know that already, they've failed a lot of American history classes. 
Well done Dartmouth. Way to acquiesce to these little fascists. If it wasn't so sad it would be hilarious that they are turning on the very institutions that indoctrinated them with this [critical race theory](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Critical_race_theory) bullshit. 


[deleted]
[removed]
If I was a Dartmouth Student I'd demand my money back and transfer to a real College where I'm safe from assault. Fuck this. 
How about expelling some of those attackers?
Trump was right again. These administrators are giant babies.
Do black lives matter or do all lives matter?

"Black lives matter"

-Democratic presidential candidates
The guy has to keep a tight schedule, it has an effect on his pay.
Earlier this year I was hit by a truck while riding my bike and immediately after a man arrived, said "stay the fuck still", put a neck brace on me, and then disappeared.     
I still have the neck brace and have absolutely no idea who he was. 
The man's got shit to do. Can't be hangin' round lollygagging over a couple a' water-logged women.
Yes, that is the way it is supposed to be. No selfies, no facebook uploads, no news stories, no book deals or TV mini-series. Do the right thing, keep on moving. 
So basically they don't want to be called out on white washing history or trying to sneak creationism into science classrooms.
They were workers. They just didn't get paid and didn't have the option of quitting.
I'm in Texas, and all I have to say is:  *STOP EMBARRASSING ME!*
"We don't take kindly to intelligence"
$450 an ounce?!
Imagine how much would be sold if you legalized it???
So basically not even a drop in the bucket to help Illinois problems.

Shit needs to be legalized yesterday in that state. It's the worst fiscally going state in the Nation by far yet they act like nothing is wrong.
They need to ban all DTC marketing for anything that requires a prescription.

We can't even get the state to allow Sunday alcohol sales here, there's no way in hell this would ever pass.
This article, and those politicians trying to capitalize on the recent Obamacare ruling, are wrong or at least it will be a lot of legal challenges for them if they try to apply the Obamacare ruling to this instance. The US Supreme Court ruled specifically in South Dakota v Dole(1987) that this law, and its enforcement via withholding some federal funds, was constitutional.  
It should be 18 or raise the military recruiting age to 21 to match. 
[Here is a livefeed by the Dutch broadcoaster NOS](http://nos.nl/liveblog/2069742-duitsland-oranje-afgelast-stadion-ontruimd.html) [[google translated](https://translate.google.nl/translate?sl=nl&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=nl&amp;ie=UTF-8&amp;u=http%3A%2F%2Fnos.nl%2Fliveblog%2F2069742-duitsland-oranje-afgelast-stadion-ontruimd.html&amp;edit-text=&amp;act=url&amp;authuser=0)]

[Here is the livefeed by The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/live/2015/nov/17/paris-terror-attacks-french-police-launch-fresh-raids-overnight-live)

*  ~~Apparantly it was false alarm. People looking like Muslims are being checked.~~

* **Summary by the Guardian: ^[source](http://www.theguardian.com/world/live/2015/nov/17/paris-terror-attacks-french-police-launch-fresh-raids-overnight-live)** 
    * A football friendly between Germany and Holland in the city of Hanover was cancelled at 7.30pm local time (91 minutes before kick-off) and the stadium evacuated after police received “concrete information” of a terror attack in the stadium.

  * Hanover’s police chief Volker Kluwe told media that the plan was to “detonate explosives” at the stadium. There has been no official confirmation of local media reports that explosives were found near the stadium.
 * Heavily armed police evacuated the stadium, before the German national team even entered the stadium. Team spokesman Jens Gritnner said the team had been taken to a “secure place.”

 * Hanover’s central train station remains partially closed off, as are some public transport stops.

 * Angela Merkel and other leading politicians were due to attend the match, which had been billed as a sign of solidarity towards the victims of the Paris attacks. Merkel flew back home to Berlin after being alerted of the threat.
 * De Maizière said that the tip-off to the threat came from a “foreign source”.
 * No arrests have yet been made.

* 'There was an ambulance with explosives near the stadium' 

 Interior minister for Lower Saxony denying reports that explosives were found in an ambulance outside the stadium. No arrests made so far. ^[source](https://twitter.com/philipoltermann/status/666718042102104066)

* The Dutch national team has left their hotel in Hannover and is now on it's way to the Netherlands [^Dutch ^source](http://nos.nl/artikel/2069754-selectie-oranje-onderweg-naar-nederland.html)

* Rauball on whether Bundesliga will go ahead this week: "We will be thinking about that." ^[source](https://twitter.com/dw_sports/status/666719357880397824)

* [[PHOTO](https://twitter.com/Jeroen_Grueter/status/666695058255650816)] Man held at gunpoint at just one kilometer from the stadium. [UPDATE] It appeared to be nothing much. The man showed his documents and was later escorted to a police van. [^Dutch ^source](https://twitter.com/Jeroen_Grueter/status/666698662744035329)

* [Appeared to be a hoax] ~~The TUI-Arena is now also being evacuated. The Söhne Mannheims pop band were playing there tonight.~~

* Trains have been stopped heading away from the stadium. Police are telling all pedestrians to move away from the stadium as fast as possible. 

* [[PHOTO](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CUCN2zDWcAEKban.jpg)] The moment the Dutch Ministers of Defence and Sports were being evacuated. The Dutch politicians have just landed in Rotterdam.
Cmon guys. Marijuana has absolutely no medical value. - US Government. 
I got a mad idea, how about legalise nationwide?
They were living in a house with a bathroom, yet they still managed to piss and shit everywhere?
Squatters rights should not exist. Glad the cops were able to get them out.
I don't care if its marijuana or not, no school should be able to say "we don't like your medicine, so what if you have epilepsy lol." This shouldn't have been a court case, this should have been worked out with the school.
To be clear its not medical marijuana in the form of flower, but in the form of a CBD Oil tincture, something you cannot get high off of. 
Full video 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xRlRAyulN4o
Melissa Click should be fired from her job at the university.  For those that don't know, google her and watch the video of her trying to physically take a camera away and call on "muscle" to physically force another student out of their little zone.
They call cops.

Cops show up.

"So you are impeding the right of these people to venture into a public area and you want us to arrest *them*?"

-----

That'd be fun to see.
The hypocrisy is almost too incredible to believe. 
The faculty member needs to be fired.  Period.  If the President had to resign over not addressing instances that were outside of his control, how much more does she deserve to be let go for something she had complete control over?  Calling for "muscle" after grabbing his camera is completely juvenile and irresponsible.  

She was like a little kid going to get other kids to help her beat up someone she didn't like.  She should be embarrassed as should the entire university if she keeps her job.

I've never been more ashamed to be a product of Missouri colleges.  It's just devolved to  the point is being ridiculous.  Columbia has been a cesspool for a while now, but adding this level of ignorance is too much.  The sheer stupidity of some of the statements are beyond anything I can comprehend.   

I love the lady telling him to get out of her space as she simultaneously steps right into him.  Then we hear "it's our right  to walk forward" too - sure  you can walk forward, but not when someone is right in front of you.  I especially loved the response to the reporter's very correct "no law preventing him from being there" statement and her response - "Well how about humanity then?". WTF is that?  I guess anything I don't like, all I need to do is appeal to humanity and I'm instantly correct.   
&gt;“We calling the police because you aren’t respecting us,”

There's no law entitling you to respect dumbass!
I'm confused... what is their logic in turning the media against them? The best thing they could do is let them photograph and document the protest to gain more mass appeal and widespread support for there cause. 
*"Reality can't touch me in my safe space"* 

Seriously am I in a South Park episode? Being a student here has been a trip lately...
This is an [actual sign](http://i.imgur.com/Rmb4Aq0.jpg) there
These Mizzou protesters believe it's okay to suspend the 1st Amendment (freedom of the press) when it benefits them?  Very interesting.
MU football team finally won something!
Here's an excerpt from "The Purpose of Education" by Martin Luther King, Jr:

&gt;Education must also train one for quick, resolute and effective thinking. To think incisively and to think for one's self is very difficult. We are prone to let our mental life become invaded by legions of half truths, prejudices, and propaganda. At this point, I often wonder whether or not education is fulfilling its purpose. A great majority of the so-called educated people do not think logically and scientifically. Even the press, the classroom, the platform, and the pulpit in many instances do not give us objective and unbiased truths. To save man from the morass of propaganda, in my opinion, is one of the chief aims of education. Education must enable one to sift and weigh evidence, to discern the true from the false, the real from the unreal, and the facts from the fiction. 

http://kingencyclopedia.stanford.edu/encyclopedia/documentsentry/doc_470200_000/
The inmates are running the asylum. How embarrassing for anyone who is a student there and not taking part in this circus.
I didn't know PCU was supposed to be a prediction.
"Stay out of my safe space" *boo hoo hoo*

You mean a public, open area?
They are actually giggling and laughing because this is just a fun thing going on and excitement, they don't have any idea WHY they are doing what they are doing. That's sad.
"I need some muscle over here"

Incitement to violence. 

There's a half dozen crimes taking place in this video.

Where's mace cop when you need him
This safe space crap is like the pinnacle of all the stupid crap to come out of overly PC nonsense. Yes, let's literally not even allow discussion of important topics because it might offend people. Or more accurately, because my opinions on these topics have basically no validity and 10 seconds of real debate would reveal that.
&gt;“We calling the police because you aren’t respecting us,” shouted one protester 

Someone's flunking English... among other things.
Same old power dynamics at work:"I want things to be the way I want them to be, and I don't care about what your wants". So, they use violence when it suits them even though they're decrying the use of violence? That's called hypocrisy.
Can we talk about Jonathan Butler, the guy who was on the hunger strike until the president resigned?

[Here he is on Aug 26th](http://www.themaneater.com/media/2015/0826/photos/GradRally001_jpg_900x600_q85.jpg) fronting [the Grad Student heath cuts protests](http://www.themaneater.com/stories/2015/8/26/start-movement-graduate-students-walk-out/) 3 weeks before the race thing started.

[Here he is again](http://themaneater.com/media/2015/1103/tl/11.jpg) fronting the [Planned Parenthood rally](http://www.themaneater.com/stories/2015/9/30/mus-response-planned-parenthood-investigations-res/) on Mizzou's campus on Sept 14th.

And on Nov. 2nd [he starts a hunger strike](http://www.themaneater.com/stories/2015/11/2/graduate-student-jonathan-butler-declares-hunger-s/) for the racism thing?  

Does MIzzou have a designated protest runner? Because it seems like he just follows the cameras in order to  attach himself for self-promotion.
I feel bad for these kids they are soooo fucked.
Lets switch this up.

Imagine a bunch of nazis. Skinheads, AB, straight up SS looking outfits. They roll up on some students trying to take a picture and do this shit. Some big ass Aryan dude getting in some lil black guys face "you gotta go. You best back away"

Reporter gets through and some eva brawn looking chick is all "I NEED SOME MUSCLE OVER HERE. WHO WANTS TO HELP GET RID OF THIS REPORTER!"

How fast would cops be out there. hell, how fast would everyone be out there 
wimpy students this what happens when you stop teaching the constitution and fill their heads with PC crap 

You are on public property in open space the press has their right to cover this event if you don't like it - leave
"If you try to let the outside world know what our racist mob is doing you and your white privilege will be sorry."
Lol this whole new wave of undergrad protesting is fucking weird. Most people protest to draw attention to something. For these guys, they've replaced the definition of protest with "a happy party where no one can touch our feelings."

That kid with the camera has the patience of a saint. If a woman was in my face and pushed me and then 10 people behind yelled "don't touch her!" I would nope the fuck out of that lose situation. 

The absolute greatest part is that law enforcement has been neutered so don't expect any help from them. They probably watch this video and say, "yep, now you see what we've been dealing with. "
The real world is going to bitch slap the whole lot of them like a cheap crack ho. It amusing.
SJW's are quickly becoming the "Tea Party" equivalent for Liberals (read: kooks, extremists, irrational-I-want-my-cake-and-I-want-you-to-cut-it-for-me-but-you-have-to-slice-it-exactly-the-way-I-like-so-I-can-eat-it-too, band-wagoners)

I'm left of center and this shit is embarrassing.  

I was happy for the students who took a stand against the administration for what they felt was on-campus discrimination.  But to be honest, this video is diminishing that respect very quickly.  

All of the administrators and students who assulted that photographer should be put out of the university, just like their president.


On a side note.  Big, big, big props to the photog.  It took a lot for him to stand for his position in the face of that opposition.
Are you happy now?  Are you?  This is what happens when you coddle SJW's.  Too many times have I been told not to offend the little twats here.  

Well fuck that.

Fuck all this PC bullshit.

I don't care how you feel.  If you're a dude stay the fuck out of the bathroom with my little girl.  

I don't care if you don't like being offended.  Fuck you.

I don't care about your version of feminism.  Fuck you too.

You don't deserve a job.  You don't deserve a high salary.  You don't deserve to be manager.  You don't deserve a single god damn thing.  You EARN that shit.  If you haven't earned it you're not going to get it.


I don't care about you.  Period.

What I do care about is my family, my house, my classic car, beer thick enough to chew, and being left the fuck alone by little sniveling pussy SJW's who should be punched in the little cock-suckers just to wipe the smirks off their faces.  

If you feel like you need to impose social justice on me fuck you.
If the aliens really wanted to observe earth without detection they should stop coming at night and just drive down I5 in a Civic with its blinker on. No one pays any attention to that shit. 
The fallout 4 PR team is killing it. 
Lead Story on Coast to Coast tonight:

Missile test....

or Alien visit.
I would bet it was a Trident that we saw,  and we are testing our missile defenses (interceptor missiles and/or lasers). That's just speculation though. 

Edit: yep,  a Trident II (D5) launched from the USS Kentucky.  Still seems suspicious that they launched at 6pm on a Saturday in Southern California.  I think they wanted us to see (to send a message to other countries,  maybe showing off our missile defense).
THESE GOD DAMN ALIENS WANT HEAT WE'LL GIVE EM HEAT. LETS MAKE TRUMP PROUD AND GO KILL US SOME ALIENS. 

#MakeEarthGreatAgain
No, you did NOT just shoot that blue shit at me!!
Military rocket launch from Vandenberg AF Base.

Edit:  Navy test off Point Mugu.
One thing is for certain we are all going to be killed.
http://abc7.com/news/secret-military-operations-to-divert-lax-planes-for-a-week/1072890/


Before the conspiracy wackos get too much traction, W-289S was hot at all altitudes today which can not possibly be a coincidence. The military was very active over the Pacific Ocean today and this is very likely related. 
Whew! What a relief. Now that the muslim community has spoken out we can finally put this era of international islamic terrorism behind us. 
I'm not a muslim (actually an atheist from a buddhist background), but it's sad to see so many comments just saying "just renounce your religion" or "Why not just pick up a rifle and fight?" 

Do you honestly think it's that easy to 

1) Just renounce your beliefs that you've had since you were born, especially in families/societies that reinforce it at every turn? 

**Imagine giving up your religion but the whole society revolves around it ten times as much as it does where you live and that's only if you live in an extremely fundamentalist christian society.** 

or 

2)Just pick up a rifle and attack a dominant fundamentalist army?

 Who organizes such a large revolt? Who funds it? Who gets the multitude of ethnicities and denominations to work together? 

**Imagine trying to attack your government right now but your government is a gazillion times more trigger happy and you're ten to a hundred times poorer. How are you going to do it/organise it without being massacred before you start? How are you going to find someone with experience enough to organise it? How are you going to convince that person to help you and risk his life, and his family's life? How are you going to convince an army of people to do the same, especially at the start where you have no army? How do you afford the weapons? Or the ammunition? Or organizational costs? Just pick up a rifle and head on up to the government? This seems impossible without even regarding the fundamentalist beliefs that it's enforcing on the society.**
ITT: Damned if they do, damned if they don't. 
Nothing Muslims say will make certain people hate them less. When Muslims don't denounce this attacks loudly enough, they get criticized. When Muslims do denounce these attacks, they get criticized.
[removed]
From the article:

&gt; Prosecutors asked that he face a sentence of 4 and a half years in prison — arguing that his victims’ life circumstances made them especially “vulnerable,” and that Foster abused a position of trust.

Four and a half years for scamming three people out of half a million dollars.  Yet many drug crimes carry mandatory sentences beginning with five years.  What a fucked up, broken system.
Lucky the Senator didn't pick up she'd have been out millions.
The car was going 50+ mph in a 35 zone. As bad as this was, hopefully it wasn't intentional.
driver was arrested for DUI. 
i work here. she stormed out of the restaurant without even clocking out and took off. apparently shes recently had issues of some kind and put in her two weeks last night. coworkers have said she wasn't drunk but she was definitely acting "strange".
Female driver taken into custody.

https://twitter.com/StwNewsPress/status/657964394781937665

Edit: 25 year old under suspicion of DUI. Whether or not it was intentional is in question.
I'm from Northern Illinois and and I'm still amazed at the number of people who are still defending this guy, it seems every other person of my Facebook feed has a different conspiracy theory about it. 
I'm from the area and we all knew something wasn't right when he died, but this was really fucked. It pisses me off that this cop was probably willing to let Lake County PD go after innocent people and jail them for life. In this part of the country it wouldn't surprise me if innocent people who were supposed 'low life's' or 'drug users' were carted off so the county could say they brought cop killers to justice. 
This is actually my hometown! I know a lot of people who knew him and they all say he was a good guy. Even my neighbor knew him very well.
  Anyways, heres what I know about what happened: Day 1: 8am, calls in saying he say 3 males acting suspicious and when backup arrives, they find him shot dead with his gun sitting next to him.   
  The entire town goes to panic mode and a 48? hour manhunt is being conducted and everyone on facebook is posting stuff about this.  Nobody gets found, community gets frustrated and more details about the officer keep coming to light.  
  The cop is believed to be a hero by the whole community, the family is grieving and they receive donations and a ton of support.   
  Coroner says that there is a chance that the cop died from suicide and a lot of people on Facebook including his family are very upset and say he would never do that to himself.  
  Eventually, month or two later, they find new information by digging into his text messages and find out about all this money laundering, talking about pulling over the administrator for a DUI or planting stuff on people, etc. and now the entire community is disgusted by this man and some places are asking for their donations back from the family.   
  Last I heard the family was also under investigation now as well.  
   Anyways, it must be really hard for the family regardless.
Hero cop my ass. One of the good ones my ass. 
[removed]
Tell me again how I should just blindly trust any cop I encounter.
We're pretty sure the clerk at the 7/11 near us is running a scam. Every time my husband gets a Big Gulp refill ($1), the clerk rings it up as a lotto ticket. Probably takes the lotto tickets, and if they're winners, gives them to family/friends to cash in.
Exponents would've made that much easier to read lol.
In Ontario, Canada, there was a rash of "Insider Winners" a few years ago, resulting in a change in policy to delay payments to lottery retailers pending investigation.

Without citing sources, I believe the biggest culprit is plain old opportunity.  People were trusting the cashier to check their tickets for them, and plucky clerks took advantage of their customers' ignorance.
The biggest scam they do, and a big reason to never buy scratch offs, is they keep track of winners. Especially in smaller areas where they are the only store around. Once the number of remaining scratch offs gets small enough and the 1000$ winners haven't been claimed (each roll will have a certain number of winners) they buy the remaining scratch offs 1 at a time until they win then have their cousin / friend / brother claim it. 

Pretty much the same for every single bar pull tab game. 
&gt;"I have no tolerance for any real, pretend, or imitated violence. The punishment is an out of school suspension."

Yeah.  Except this is a 6 year old kid.  Playing with air.  At what point does common sense get involved in decisions like this?
Child pretends, suspended for 3 day.

Thought crime, folks.
Time for a pretend suspension.
This story makes me sick.  I remember playing cops and robbers as a kid, not only did we fake shoot at each other, we had wold chips and branches as pistols and rifles.  No one thought anything of it.  
Imagine if he made a pretend clock.
Why, in 2015, is this kid not getting invited to the White House?
At some *(edit: most?)* universities, organizations who provide food are technically required to do so through university's dining service. Of course, this stifles any outside competition and allows the dining services to be in on the racket.

When I was in graduate school, I was helping to set up an event that my department had catered and I distinctly recall taking a look at the invoice and being appalled. Our campus dining service charged $27.50 per gallon for fruit punch.
[deleted]
I'm currently a student. Its amazing how well the school handled informing all the students and how quick they were to respond. There is definitely a conversation that needs to happen about campus safety but the campus police medical emergency services response was amazing.
UCM Student here. It feels strange that something like this would happen in our little out-of-the way campus. But I guess the way violence pervades through media makes it so nowhere is immune. I'm sure we bobcats can and will be resilient through this, and my heart goes out to the victims.
Things won't change until we realize that the suicide epidemic and mass killing epidemic are about the same exact thing. 
CNN is sad that it's a stabbing and not a shooting
I love how everyone is ranting about the "ban knives" yet seem to miss something very obvious. No one died from the stabbings.
Now it's 5 and knife man was killed by campus police. At what point do you realize we don't need to ban everything dangerous. We need to figure out how to stop it before it happens. I know that's really hard. it's much easier to just say "get rid of weapons and nothing bad will happen" 
Here in AZ the program cost more than it saved.
This has failed in every fucking state that it has been tried in. It has wasted more money than it's saved, and has maybe kicked 50 people total off of welfare in all states combined. This is what happens when your state votes in a conservative who has absolutely no understanding of fiscal conservatism.
Are Wall Street executives and bankers going to be drug tested? They've received massive amounts of government aid (bailouts).
This is a waste of money.
Hasn't this failed in other states?  Oh I get it,  pick on poor people and give the illusion of being tough on welfare abuse. 
Punish people for being addicted to drugs by withholding food instead of helping them get off the drugs. Yeah, that sounds good.
"New York State Supreme Court Judge Doris Ling-Cohan ruled that the NYPD couldn’t shield itself from Freedom of Information requests."

Whoever refuses such an order should get the same treatment Kim Davis received.
I don't understand; isn't refusal to comply with a court order by definition contempt of court?  Something, such as an appeal, is not being explained here.
I would start getting people together for a class action lawsuit. Willfully endangering the public by exposure to large quantities of radioactivity.
Clarification:  
The baby was not adopted by the couple, it was in foster care, which is not full custody, but a state subsidized, usually temporary caregiving arrangement. The child is still a ward of the state and as such the judge is the legal parent and makes decisions about the child's wellbeing.

That being said, the judge unambiguously made his decision on the couple's sexuality, which is not explicitly illegal.
FUCK YES!!! It wasn't Texas this time! 

...Still shitty situation tho
Holy shit this judge needs disbarred. Not only is he 100% lying about "research" stating children do better in heterosexual households (despite real research showing the contrary) but what he's doing is illegal since same sex couples are allowed to adopt in that state. 

The judge is a piece of shit too: 

&gt;In 1997, he was reprimanded by the Utah Judicial Conduct Commission for "demeaning the judicial office" after slapping a 16-year-old boy who became belligerent during a 1995 meeting at the Price courthouse. 

And this: 

&gt;Johansen was also criticized in 2014 for ordering a woman to lop off her 13-year-old daughter's ponytail as punishment for the teen cutting the hair off a 3-year-old girl at a restaurant. The judge offered to shave off 150 hours of community service from the sentence if she cut her daughter's hair in court.
This goes much deeper than this incident.  The chief of police is corrupt as hell.  His oldest son pleaded guilty to stealing pills from a detention center.  His other son was just suspended for handcuffing a suspect and then beating him. That suspect was a informant for the local police and was also involved in the first brother's case.
[Older brother's story] (http://www.wyff4.com/news/local-news/oconee-pickens-news/warrant-police-chiefs-son-stole-drugs-from-detention-center/24579758)
[Younger brother's story] (http://www.wyff4.com/news/upstate-officer-charged-with-assault-for-hitting-man-in-head-warrant-says/35939298)
This cop was an undercover police officer pointing a gun at the driver???!!!!

How do you think the driver is going to react if some guy who doesn't look like a police officer coming at you with his gun pointed at you?!

You're going to get the fuck away!!!

Fucking retarded police officer making an extremely stupid decision to confront the kid in plainclothes. It's just a cluster fuck of a decision. 

Officer in plainclothes runs up to a car with gun drawn, what could possibly go wrong in this situation?
There is a dashcsm video. Getting in front of a moving vehicle and then claiming that you feared for your life is bullshit. This was murder.
Yeah, that's bullshit. The cop was never in danger and he knows it. Yet another example of "comply or die".
Murdered for possible possession of cannabis. Wtf is wrong with this country? 
So the cop gets in front of the car, and claims he was being run over so he had the right to execute a non violent criminal?  If a non violent crime ends up with the perp being dead.....something is wrong.  

I usually dont wish harm on people, but that cop needs a nice dose of cancer.  
I've seen tons of people overreact to how police handle stuff. I've seen TONS of idiotic comments that make assumptions about the scenarios the cops are in. Because of this level of ignorance, I usually side with cops (I'm not stupid, I know there's definitely bad cops out there. I just hate that people treat EVERY cop like a bad guy...)

That being said, **this guy is 100%, is inarguably guilty of murder**.

After watching the video a dozen times, I can't see a single, legitimate reason why he should have shot that kid. None. You can't **attempt** to jump in front of a car and then claim your life was in danger and that deadly force was necessary. Especially for a crime such as pot! Are you kidding?! We have how many states where that shit is completely legal, yet they're justifying discharging a weapon at a kid for it?

I hope to god the parents take this shit to the top. He needs to be put in prison.

...I don't want to see this human (for lack of a better word) given another chance to needlessly kill someone else.
Fuck that cop. He's a murderer with a badge.
Pollard was an American traitor and a spy. 
Let's call him what he really is, a traitor. He's not from Israel, he's a U.S. born traitor that should have been kept in prison or executed like every other traitor.
Passing state secrets to Israel and South Africa, tying to sell them to Pakistan, and basically uncovering America's entire electronic surveillance network in the middle of the cold war.

Screw this asshole.  He should rot in jail forever.  
So let's prevent it from being low-key by upvoting this!
[deleted]
For those who don't know, [Pollard stole and gave the workings of the American nuclear deterrant system to Israel](http://whatreallyhappened.com/WRHARTICLES/motherofallscandals.php), and Israel, our "allies", gave them to the Russians. In one day, they made 5 trillion dollars spent by the American tax payer to build that system completely redundant. He should have been shot by firing squad the moment he was convicted, but for this piece of shit to be released is an outrage. With friends like Israel, who needs enemies?
The Atlanta Falcons play at the Georgia Dome tomorrow at 1pm right next to Phillips Arena (where this WWE event is taking place). There are going to be a lot of queued up people and large groups standing around. I will be one of those people as I am going to both events...

Daesh can suck my balls.
I would certainly pay for the pay per view event if I get to see any WWE superstar suplex an ISIS member
You can find out who stops the terrorists THIS SUNDAY!!!
God, nobody wants Roman Reigns to win the title!
I'm not worried about the WWE event because I know at least one decorated Marine will be there.
People tend to have guns in Atlanta, enjoy.
This has endless amusement value once thirty or so kids on the football team realize they can bring most any university to its knees. 
Here is one of the demands of the group Concerned Student 1950/FGR:

Wolfe write a handwritten apology to Concerned Student 1950 demonstrators in addition to holding a press conference in the Student Center where the letter would be read. The letter must address: Wolfe’s white male privilege, recognize the existence of systems of oppression, guarantee verbally his commitment to addressing the group’s demands, and admit to “gross negligence” to allow his driver to hit a demonstrator while refusing to intervene when the Columbia Police Department utilized force.

I'm sorry but if I am the dean's lawyer I would advise not to agree to anything this group asked for.  They want him to admit gross negligence because his driver bumped in to someone surrounding his car?  Guess these people need to go back to school to learn the definition of gross negligence.

"Gross negligence is a conscious and voluntary disregard of the need to use reasonable care, which is likely to cause foreseeable grave injury or harm to persons, property, or both."
The protestors released another statement claiming the shooting of Mike Brown as also part of the problem..... Wow. 
I don't really see how the president resigning is going to stop other people from using their own feces to draw swastikas or keep them from saying racial slurs.   
Why are they calling for the dean to step down?
&gt;“We will no longer participate in any football-related activities until President Tim Wolfe resigns or is removed due to his negligence toward marginalized students’ experiences,” they wrote in a statement posted to Twitter

One, what did the president of the university *actually* do to wrong these black students?

Two, posted to Twitter?  Really?

&gt;If the football team’s boycott doesn’t end by Saturday, when Mizzou is scheduled to play Brigham Young University, the school won’t just forfeit the game; it will also automatically forfeit $1 million for breaking a contract between the two colleges.

Holy shit!  These students.  These fucking students who have no regard for other people.  If there's no game, then normal everyday people don't get paid.  And all because of some extremely tenuous racial accusations against - not the president - but anonymous people on campus.
Sounds like a lousy dean, but this article doesn't really state what the dean did that was racist. Can someone elaborate?
I'd lose $2 million just to tell those hypersensitive crybabies to shut up and get back to class. 
Once again politicians coming to the rescue to fix a problem that doesn't exist. The BATFE can come once a year for a routine inspection, like the article mentioned. The article fails to mention that they can also come whenever they want if you are being investigated for committing a crime.

There is also no need for additional recording keeping. Every gun that comes in the door is recorded, every gun that goes out the door is recorded. It's a violation of federal law to skip this step. 

 
The problem isn't that the ATF *can't* inspect enough under current law, it's that the ATF *won't* inspect enough. Currently, the majority of dealers haven't been inspected in over five years. One store that was famous for selling to straw buyers went uninspected for decade, a time during which the ATF could have made ten regular inspections, and unlimited inspections for cause. 

You could say the problem is ATF investigative resources. But there are two solutions for that which don't need this law. One, give the ATF more investigators. Two, have them pursue only the bad dealers. One dealer that they famously took all the way through the courts and finally lost was only accused of minor paperwork mixups. Not one knowing straw sale, not one missing gun, yet they tried for years to get the license pulled. 

This bill has two purposes. One is the standard "We're doing something" bill that won't help anything, and the other is to end the current protections against ATF harassment through continuous inspections.  
The Govt needs to look at all their arms deals..  the level of hypocrisy here is beyond all reason.  
Ah yes. 'Common Sense' gun control.

"There's no issue here."
"OK, how can we legislate to fix it?"
"I dunno, what sounds good?"
Chicago is serious about their airport pick-up policies.  Yes this is because of money.  Is it an unamerican policy? This is a separate debate.

Summary for those who didn't read the article:

1) Lyft driver breaks the law (picking up at O'Hare)

2) Officers stop the car after the crime has been observed (pickup)

3) Passenger is recording the incident

4) Passenger now is in possession of video evidence that he and his driver broke the law.

5) Officers offer to ignore the law if he will destroy the evidence of himself breaking the law.

6) Passenger refuses.

7) Officers impound vehicle in accordance with local law.


The local law says that pick-up services are not allowed to operate at O'Hare and doing so subjects the vehicle to impound and the driver to associated fines. Now, whether or not the local law is bullshit is a separate debate to be dealt with through legislative processes, but the officers in this case acted according to the law.  

We can't criticize officers for taking the law into their own hands in ways we don't like but then also demand that they do so in cases like this.  The officers even did something they should not have done and gave the passenger and out which he did not take.
I got the impression that because he was being filmed, the officer couldn't just let this slide. Not because the guy filming was being confrontational, but because the film would have created evidence of the officer failing to uphold the law. The rise of filmed police interactions is a double edged sword, and we can probably expect to see much less leniency as body cams bring an increased level of scrutiny to everything police do. 

If I were the driver, I would be furious with the guy filming. He had the opportunity to make the whole thing go away. His refusal to delete the video just cost that kid a full class on his semester's tuition. 

Edit: forgot to mention, there are TONS of signs at O'Hare about who can and can't give you a ride. Announcements are even played very frequently in luggage claim and outside the terminal. 
So let's see if I got this right:  Stover (the passenger) didn't delete the footage and the police impounded the Lyft driver's car, resulting in $2400 fine. I'm assuming that the driver was responsible for the $2400 fine to get the car out. 

 So who's really the victim in this story, the passenger that didn't delete the video, and was inconvenienced to ride to the police station (and presumably get a different ride); or was it the Lyft driver who got his car impounded and needed $2400?

tl:dr Passenger was a dick for not deleting the video; resulting in the driver getting his car impounded.
The officer literally said that he was impounding the car because the guy was recording.

What an asshole.
To be fair all the really bad crime in Chicago has been stopped so the cops don't really have anything more important to do.

/s
Cuomo is a scumbag.  He does not give a fuck about anything other than pretending to care to appeal to ignorant voters.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tq4BR5KHuqA

Here's the video link on Youtube if you want to skip ads.

[removed]
[deleted]
Cops: "It's ok to hurt someone who won't listen to you."

No wonder police families have such a high rate of domestic violence.

EDIT: Source - http://mic.com/articles/106886/one-group-has-a-higher-domestic-violence-rate-than-everyone-else-and-it-s-not-the-nfl
Well, a bunch of kids learned not to trust the police today.
Love how cops are so tough on people who can't fight back. 
&gt;"Student safety is and always will be the District’s top priority. The District will not tolerate any actions that jeopardize the safety of our students."

Sure, we'll see if you fire the officer or not. I'm not saying you can't remove a student who refuses to get out, but flipping her over and dragging her like that is overkill. 

EDIT: Lots of angry responses. I hope the people defending this cop don't breed, I'd hate to think of you treating your own children this way. Throwing them around a room because they didn't eat their broccoli or make their bed or something. This does explain why [LEO's](http://www.sfgate.com/bayarea/article/Police-domestic-violence-nearly-twice-average-rate-2536928.php) [abuse](http://webapp1.dlib.indiana.edu/virtual_disk_library/index.cgi/4951188/FID707/DVBPO/POV.pdf) their own family at such a high rate, though. 

EDIT 2: You people are saying that a man who can [squat over 900 lbs](http://heavy.com/news/2015/10/ben-fields-richland-county-south-carolina-sheriff-deputy-spring-valley-high-school-photo-football-coach-bodybuilder-cop-student-desk-video-complaints/) cannot remove a 15 year old girl from a classroom without potentially injuring her? I personally think he should be tested for steroids as he has a history of body slamming disobedient students. 
‪#‎BREAKING‬: Richland School District Two says an officer involved in an incident with a student today will not be allowed back to class pending the results of an investigation. -WLTX
It's weird that in America citizens are not expected to use violence in any situation, while the police use it in every single situation.

If you ask a cop for directions, they will throw you toward what you're looking for.
Love how I learned about this on FB before I did on reddit
University of Missouri is a real life South Park episode. 
Let's all remember the golden rule:

*If you don't have anything nice to say, don't say it at all or we will find you, shame you, run you out of your job and then get upset when you report about our behavior.*
Don't worry guys, it's not the real police. What could possibly go wrong with a college kangaroo court conducting investigations and disciplining students based on another's word?
Next #concernedstudent1950 will have Butters filter out the hateful statements on their social media accounts
Wow. The University of Missouri is trying really hard to be on the next episode of South Park 
This is getting more and more ridiculous 
So long as that speech doesn't include threats or slander, being an asshole isn't against the law.
Great... so now the police are giving them extra rights and infringing on everyone else's.

Who would want to apply/transfer to UM after all this BS? Clearly the inmates are running the asylum, all authority figures have given into them.
So, if I ask a girl out and she is appalled that I would even think about asking her and she lets me know, which one of us should call the police?
Does anyone find it hilariously ironic that that the people currently depending on the police to protect them from "mean words" are probably the exact same people who were bashing Missouri police during the whole Michael Brown fiasco.


Oooooo will this be the new thing?  Not just hate-speech but also hurt-speech?
And this shit was being applauded on the nightly show and that other show on Comedy Central last night. 

Fucking disgusting. 
Its all about CONTROL

Start them young, 

teach them that police are the almighty authority, 

teach them that talking back or disobedience is dealt with quickly and violently

And eventually you have a whole society of un-empowered droids that will do whatever the masters want
Should we also report rustled jimmies, wadded panties and bruised fee-fees?
"That mean, white privileged, cisgendere man said he doesn't think dreadlocks on a woman is attractive.  That hurts my feelings.  Kill him!  Can I get some muscle over here?!"
"Hello, police? My liberal social studies professor keeps telling us how rich white people are bad and need to pay more money to everyone else. My family's rich, and I find that hateful and hurtful. Do you still do no-knock SWAT raids over the tiniest little thing?"
When someone speaks a language near me and I don't know what it is my first thought is, I wonder what language that is.

This woman's first thought is, I'm going to beat this persons ass.
What kind of backwards retard jackass do you have to be to believe that someone should be punished with *bloodshed* for speaking words that are foreign to you? 

Would she have done the same to a doctor using medical jargon (I'd bet money she wouldn't understand that any better than Swahili) or a lawyer? Whoever represents her, heed my warning... be careful not to use a word like "estoppel" in front of her, she might beat you for not speaking 'Murican.
&gt;"I'm actually thinking about moving out of Minnesota," she said. "I'm scared for my life. I don't feel comfortable here anymore." 

Burchard-Risch must be celebrating "Mission Accomplished".
wait till she finds out she has been speaking german every time she says her last name. she will have to punch herself in the face a few times.
Applebee's like the Florida of restaurants 
Then the asswipe had the audacity to cry in her mugshot. smh
On behalf of all Minnesotans, I'd like to apologize.  That woman was *clearly* a Wisconsin native.
I hate how they say "to have been radicalized", in the passive voice, as though he was helpless against the alluring power of being fucking crazy. Like he was taken against his will into this world.

Fuck that.  He became a complete asshole who deserves to be dead.  
Scared to see if this is going to be a trend in Europe. Be safe, stay vigilant, live, don't let them win.
I live in America but fuck this government
If congress writes laws then technically it is right, however those laws should not be above the bill of rights or the constitution.

Fuck this country.
So uhhh, we are going to attack this place, so if you could place some national guardsmen with some armored support and a few dozen extra cops to meet us there, that would be greeeeaaaat.
Let's face it, there is nothing anyone can do to prevent a motivated terrorist attack. Set-up security checkpoints--attack the crowd at the checkpoint. Monitor mass communications-- cant intercept in time; needs pattern of analysis. Push for more stringent weapons laws-- the terrorist will make a bomb that resembles something you see everyday.
New York will always be a target no matter what. But that is no reason to live in a constant fear. Get up, go to work, run the rat marathon. I won't let some jihadi nutjob wackadoo ruin my morning coffee and bagel.
They would be quickly overwhelmed by people selling Comedy Central tickets and mixtapes. They stand no chance.
Work in NYC. My fiance is scared of me taking the subways, but I won't let anyone dictate how I live my life. They wouldn't attack time square, it is just to hard. In all honesty I think they would attack a subway because of how easy it would be to execute. Hate to say it, but its been on my mind every day for the past week.
That reminds me,  I need to release that video on how Isis can lick my taint. 
This is just to instill fear in the American public following the Paris attacks. They want to cause a panic and put a dip in tourist revenue.
This is what prison is for, and she's more than earned her spot. Goodbye evil!
Social worker here. This kinda shit happens way more than you would think. Not necessarily this depraved but in the same ballpark for sure
The police will just say they didn't go see the movie, and their cop friends who were there with them will back up the story.
[deleted]
They're just making themselves look worse in an attempt to slander Tarantino.

It's great that he's standing up against what they've done wrong while they try to sweep it under the rug
Mr. Pink: You kill anybody?  
Mr. White: A few cops.  
Mr. Pink: No real people?  
Mr. White: Just cops.   
Almost makes me want to watch his movies more, in fact I think I'll go home and watch Pulp Fiction after work.
This makes me think there's gonna be some epic magic battle happening on the field. 

Satanist with Necromancy

Christians with Holy Magic
As a Christian, I support this plan. And hope both invocations occur and function as intended.   
There is no conceivable way their team can lose with both Jesus *and* Satan on their side.
FTA:

&gt; If the church-state separation is breached, we really don't think it's right for the state to be promoting one religion over the other," she said. "We really want to make the point that this is not just a Christian forum. If it's going to be open, it's going to be open to everyone, including us." 

This makes sense to me. If we're letting religion into our state run programs, we have to let ALL religion in. Freedom *of* and *from* religion is the law of the land. Although, I don't see how any of this factors in the freedom *from* religion crowd. We're actually getting screwed on this deal. Oh well, at least I didn't have to sit through religious practices when I was in HS. Poor future kids though. They're just looking for an education, not a religious experience.  
In my highschool you could have official religious group with prayer and stuff if a teacher sponsored the group.  It was a great way to screen out people who don't love Jesus. 
And they raised my bill to $90 a month this month because I'm "An internet only customer." And to justify the rate increase they said, "We are charged more for the content we provide. Some channels are charging us more." 
This is the last straw, I'm taking my business to Comcast's competitor in the free marketplace!

Oh hey...wait....aw shit.

That's why as soon as they starting rolling that program out I got my own Router and modem..plus their router wasn't 5Ghz compatible and I was like, "What is this 2010?"

The agent on the phone assured me that it was a separate AP and that none of my data or network would be accessible from it and I assured them they are fooling only themselves, if it's connected to the internet it can be accessed.

Haha, here in the good ol' US of A they'd've taken the whole 77k and called it Civil Asset Forfeiture and the whole thing would've been completely legal! 
I grew a few marijuana plants in my house a decade ago.  The cops raided my house and took everything.  They took my car, all my money, my TV, XBOX, Computer, anything worth any money.  

I went to court and after 11 months got all of my possessions back but had to pay a $1500 recovery/storage fee.  I had to prove that all of it was bought with money I earned or they would have kept it.  **Guilty until proven innocent.**   

They kept random things they took like jewelry and about $200 in cash but I was so happy to just have my Car/TV/Computer back I did not care.  The cash and jewelry was never entered as evidence, the police just took it.  
God damn what a great interview. 

&gt;Quentin Tarantino did not say that all cops are murderers. He didn’t say, "I hate cops." Never said any of those things. He said, "Certain things that I have seen and that everyone has seen are wrong, and I’m bearing witness."

&gt;This is what they do to Quentin, saying, "You’re a movie maker, you don’t have a right to speak. Let the politicians speak about politics." Well, I think that letting our rulers decide how to govern us is not—we haven’t had a great history there.

&gt;And it upsets me even more that questioning what’s going on right now, what the United States is doing, is considered treasonous, really. And "How dare you say that?" And "How un-American of you!" And really, this country is founded on the principle that if the government isn’t serving the people, you at least have the right to say, "Wait a minute, what’s going on?" And there’s no questions really being asked, at large, about what we’re doing.


Cops should actually be held to a higher standard for Use of Force as they have substantially more training than an average citizen. If they abuse that in the line of duty they should actually pay a much higher price for murder.
He was very well spoken and did a good job of explaining why QT feels the way he does. Closing your eye or ignoring these event is inhuman.
He has a great point. If you are semi intelligent and not ignorant of basic humanity then people should be able to understand that. Ops HAVE gotten away with murder. All this boycott has done has given a GREAT director better PR and I'll be sure to pay for any and all movies he releases. 
&gt; In interviews, lawyers and even police chiefs told the AP that some departments also stay quiet about improprieties to limit liability, allowing bad officers to quietly resign, keep their certification and sometimes jump to other jobs.

Ah... the catholic option.
We, as a society, should have absolutely never tolerated an existence of a Blue Wall.

We should likely come up with a way to basically say, "If you are asked a question about another officer, and you say you know nothing, and we find out you did, you're fired.  Period."

Even in the case where an officer is in the right, being quiet about it should get you fired.

And, as a society, we should realize that the Internal Affairs division of any police department are the Good Guys, and the fact that cops are annoyed by their existence is a very good thing.
It's terrifying to consider the number of people too scared to ever report such behavior. As usually happens with most issues regarding police misconduct, I know eventually we will get the people saying "These are just a few bad apples" and "This doesn't represent the majority of law enforcement." And they're right, but that doesn't mean we should accept this as the cost of doing business. It has somehow become acceptable to excuse law enforcement as a whole by viewing these criminals as exceptions to the rule. There should be a higher bar of accountability. How do we get there? I don't know. But I know we don't make progress by making excuses or exceptions. 
Loss of license seems like a slap on the wrist. 

The penalty for sex crimes is imprisonment and life long registration as a sex offender.

Edit -spelling
If the married people remain monogomous, absolutely.  
You want facts? Don't live in Ohio.
Monogamy probably does spread a lot less disease than promiscuity though.



Payton Head tweeted that he was "working with" University of Missouri Police, the Missouri State Highway Patrol and the National Guard after the KKK had been "confirmed to be sighted on campus.

"I received and shared information from multiple incorrect sources, which I deeply regret," Head said. "The last thing needed is to incite more fear in the hearts of our community."

....multiple incorrect sources, including yourself dummy. You tweeted that you were working with the fucking national guard. You're the president of the student association. I'd say that's another president in need of a good old resignation douchebag.
BREAKING NEWS (Columbia, Mo.) - The reanimated corpse of Adolf Hitler has been spotted aboard a zeppelin circling the University of Missouri's campus. Sources confirm that the undead führer was heard shouting racial slurs from the massive airship. "I can't believe this is happening," one student said as he rushed to shelter in the University quad, a designated emergency Safe Space. "I mean, come on! It's 2015!"
That's not a rumor, its a straight up lie. He made it up to start trouble and should be removed from the school.
from ESPN:

**" Last week, she was in the student center eating lunch when a group of black students stormed in carrying bullhorns. They blocked the exits, she says, and demanded that the students listen to them.
She said one man approached her, looked at her Macbook and her clothing and barked, "White privilege," to her. Scanlon teared up. She is at Mizzou on a biracial scholarship.**"


Source:

[http://espn.go.com/college-football/story/_/id/14101906/line-how-hunger-striker-jonathan-butler-football-players-rocked-missouri](ESPN Article)
Anyone look at main stream media websites like CNN lately?

Here's their [current page](http://i.imgur.com/PZ9samo.png)

All they can talk about MU is about racism on campus, a "history of intolerance" and other buzzwords

NOT ONE bit talks about the other side - about these false rumors, about the professor, or about what the students are actually demanding - including not one bit about their accusations against the President and "white privilege"

This is fucking ridiculous, and just proof that modern news sites and journalism don't care about actually providing the whole story, just the one they want you and the rest of the nation to hear and believe


It doesn't matter. The news is already out that there's KKK on campus, and people don't care if it's real.

Check out the latest stickied post on the pos subreddit /r/blackladies.

Their mod is literally claiming the KKK is accosting black students, breaking into dorm rooms, and running around the campus. They don't give a fuck if it's true. It fits their narrative, and that's all that matters. 

[Here's a screenshot in case she deletes her post. ](http://imgur.com/nuTsFek)
As a Mizzou alum, I am becoming increasingly agitated by the protest as a whole. Not one shred of evidence of the 'systematic racism' they are wailing on about - or even evidence of a single isolated incident. It's painted the University in an extremely negative light on a national scale, and for what? It also cost the President of the University and its Chancellor their jobs. I realize that neither of them were particularly popular amongst faculty and staff - but they should not have been forced out of office and labeled as racists. They were scapegoats, plain and simple.

This is the same University that elected a homosexual, black man as the President of the student body. The same University that respected Michael Sam enough to keep the information about his sexuality quiet to the media, despite it being known by most of the students on campus. Then when he came out as a homosexual, the student body and all of Mizzou proudly and overwhelmingly supported him. If Mizzou is some bastion of systematic racism, then I need to open my eyes because I saw a warm and welcoming community during my years as a student there. 

The unfortunate truth is that there are hateful people everywhere in the world, and racism still exists. I know that there are prejudicial individuals in rural, mid-Missouri, but the University of Missouri is overwhelmingly a place that embraces diversity and welcomes all comers. I am ashamed of the protestors for misguiding their anger toward the University and its student body when they were never the problem to begin with.
Oops did I say KKK? I meant to say Zombie Hitler. Zombie Hitler has been spotted on MU campus! Be careful!
I wouldnt be suprised if most of the minor incidents including the poop swastika were fabricated, he should be held accountable like that professor should be
[removed]
That's disgusting and disturbing video.

The police would like for us to believe these are isolated incidents by rogue cops.  But man, I don't know anymore.  More and more often it's looking like routine abuse that officers are so used to that they don't even think twice about it.
It should be that an unrecorded cop is an off duty cop. It's a win-win for everyone except abusive cops.
I do have a feeling these series of events are intended to turn tide of public opinion against allowing refugees into their countries.
I am shocked. Who in the world could have thought this would happen?

Could we please let in double the amount of refugees now? They'll see how liberal and open and nice we are (truly we are kind social justice warriors) then they will fall in love with us and end the terrorism and end the wars.  


This ongoing "into Europe" migration event will one day be written about as a textbook titled, *How To Conquer a Landmass Without Firing a Shot*.
It's a shame that something like the events in Paris had to have happened in order for the extremely progressive leftists to get their heads out of their asses.
I'm waiting to see how Comcast reacts to this.
Might reach double digits.
[deleted]
It's time for nationwide Police reform. Period. 
&gt;"The important and telling statistic is the conviction rate," he said.

Yeah. It's telling us that the DA offices are protecting these officers as much as possible. So maybe that's the next step, take the decision to prosecute out of the hands of the DA. And stop using this ridiculous grand jury system.
It seems to have worked out OK for Portugal. Like it or not, I'm thinking that in 10 years, more countries will follow (at the very least with marijuana) Just as I can't envision living during prohibition, my grandchildren will probably gape at me wide eyed when I tell them that once upon a time, yes, pot was illegal. 
Also known as price gouging for a necessary service. Like price gouging for water or electricity.
Everyone needs to email, write, call, the FCC to put pressure on Comcast. 
How the hell do you hit 42 sheep? 
The death toll continues to rise as officers continually fall asleep while counting the fallen. 
She fled the scene and was captured later, because her front plate fell off at the site.

See, it's worth reading the fucking article...

This raises an interesting question: how do they know she was drunk? She could have hit those sheep by mere chance, went home in shock, and drunk a quart of liquor to try to forget the carnage she had just caused.


I think you meant "fleece" the scene.
Been sitting here for five minutes trying to think of sheep jokes.
&lt;div class="md"&gt;&lt;p&gt;Been sitting here for five minutes trying to think of sheep jokes.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Can&amp;#39;t do it.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
I think this is pretty big considering how Muslim friendly Michigan usually is. We have a very dense Muslim population in the metro Detroit area.
Noone would expect you to let a battered housewife or starving hobo in your home with your family because while the effort could save their life, it would risk your families safety since they're a stranger.

Yet somehow people fail to carry that logic over on a national level. The same principle applies.
[removed]
Fine, send them to Minnesota.  We took in a large amount of Hmong and then a large amount of Somali refugees and people made the same arguments... "You're going to invite terrorism... why do you want hobos at your Thanksgiving?... Blah blah I can't stand being around people different than me blah blah"

But now we've got a couple sweet neighborhoods like Little Mogadishu and it turns out the crime rate isn't really any higher than it was before.  Actually, our crime rate has been going down and the refugees are applying for permanent, legal status and opening businesses, learning English, sending their kids to public schools and generally being great members of the community.

I will *happily* live among Syrian refugees.  If it means we get more kebab joints in half a decade and another multicultural neighborhood, I'll be stoked.
This ''crisis'' often gets compared to people fleeing fighting during WW2.

However, look at photos and videos of WW2 refugees and you see the vast majority of them are women, children, and old people.

The ''Syrian'' ''''Refugees''' are overwhelmingly military aged males. If they were truly fleeing imminent violence they would have brought their families with them.

Is the west seriously this fucking stupid?
I feel like bad shit is about to start happening in the USA. Paris is only the beginning
To be remembered by those who do not know you, that's why we live. Those kids hopefully didn't have to do this as detention or something. 
Any cop who uses this type of robbery deserves to be hanged in public.
They fired the IT guy. The guy who was told, "Hey, put this on CD for me." Nice.
&gt; The secretary of state did not detail how it was able to confirm that the data hadn't been copied.

I mean, they pinky swore.
I can barely believe this! Ridiculous. They're still using CDs??
If the corpse of your civil rights keeps resisting, I'll have to shoot it again!
[deleted]
[The FBI is also putting out warnings that a scary anarchist group is going to dress up in costumes and execute cops on Halloween.](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/fbi-possible-halloween-revolt-against-cops-by-anarchists/)

Oddly enough this group has no presence online until this announcement was made

They need to keep the narrative going about there being a war on cops when there certainly isn't
Shame on you for catching the people that are suppose to uphold the laws as they break them.
[No One Can Bait A Cop Into Doing Something He Didn't Already Want To Do, So Let's Stop Worrying About Activist Recorders](https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20150417/06033630686/no-one-can-bait-cop-into-doing-something-he-didnt-already-want-to-do-so-lets-stop-worrying-about-activist-recorders.shtml)
Importantly, even if the journalism school terminates her courtesy appointment, it appears that she will still be on the faculty at the communications school. 
She didn't ask the guy to leave, she conspired to assault a journalist in the actual conduct of their job, reporting the news.

She should know that what she did was essentially a criminal act.  This gets any non-tenured faculty member fired for cause.


It shouldn't be up to a vote, she should be forcibly removed for violating the journalism student's right to be there, and trying to entice protesters to assault him. 
I am waiting eagerly to watch the SJWs cannibalize each other.
A rare form of Parkinson's disease that causes Alzheimer's like symptoms and even worse neurological symptoms (according to another article earlier today).  
If this is true I can only stand behind Robin on this one. When you feel you are facing an end that will be horrendous you should be able to go walkabout if that is what you decide.

I can only imagine how sad he was with the voice problems. We all know how much he loved impressions and silly voices. That must have been horrible to go through.
They need to spend billions curing shit like this instead of spending billions in shitholes in the middle east.
"2 teens buy 100 McDonald's sandwiches to get more YouTube views"
Arrest warrants have been issued.....
Man, haven't they suffered enough already?
And they did it all for YouTube views. I give to the homeless all the time and would never film myself doing it. These videos make me cringe.
Doesn't matter.  NSA won't change their practices because a judge told them to.
I hope she goes to special hell
Terrorism laws: the excuse for violating the rights of everyone without having any impact on terrorism.
Sorry about that $900 billion everybody. I have a problem, and I am seeking help.
So instead of burning down Iraq and building it again, we could've put an entire generation of kids through college for free?
It's not so much the 8.17 trillion in mortgages that worries me - at least there is real property behind those.

I suppose the same could be said about credit card purchases as well, but it's obviously much harder to resell most things you buy, and they depreciate in value quickly.

What worries me the most is the student loans. We have an entire generation of people who are going to spend a large portion of their lives - and their income - paying off these student loans.
Hope he wins a huge settlement.  Enough to make a sizable dent in the state's budget.  Only way to get these idiots to pay attention is to win enough money from lawsuits that  voters decide they can't afford these clowns.
Please consider joining me to seek justice for Timothy R. Johnson and other Georgia prisoners:

[Action Opportunity: Investigate the appearance that Georgia abused an innocent prisoner for years, because he sought a retrial](https://np.reddit.com/r/MensRights/comments/3sh0o1/action_opportunity_investigate_the_appearance/)
Sweet. We took their jobs!
It's just low volume high price F650 &amp; F750's. Its a strategic move to reduce the complexity at the mexican plant and gain some positive press.

When Ford makes 2-3x the per vehicle profit on high volume F150's built in mexico vs building in the US, those jobs are not coming back here. It is literally the giant sucking sound of NAFTA at work.

Only tariffs can stop this trend
&gt; Ford's south-of-the-border strategy has drawn heavy criticism from Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump. 

&gt;...

&gt; Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump recently said that if he's elected he would take steps to make it more expensive for manufacturers to shift work to Mexico and then export the items back to the United States. 

&amp;nbsp;

**You can't stump the Trump!**
Great. They've finally lowered the standard of living in the US to the point that we can compete with the 3rd world. 
Good.

He should still be disbarred. He's overstepped, it's time to face the pipers. God knows there are more than enough other reasons to do so.
This proved his religion come before his oath. He needs to step down for not doing his job.
Law &gt; Religion.  Good thing.  

Should not have taken media attention for justice to prevail.  Judge should be removed.
REI is a co-op, so they don't have to please shareholders
I just got an email from rei today about this. I think it's an awesome idea. Honestly, black Friday "deals" have been so bad lately that I don't care if it stops altogether anyway
That broken-voiced scream of "shut your fucking mouth" from one of the cops did not emerge from a man in control of his emotions.
[deleted]
How do we get from someone knocking on your door in uniform and saying "Hey, we got a noise complaint. Can you keep it down so we don't have to come back here?" to videos of several dozen officers dragging students into a hallway and beating the fuck out of them with batons? 


The one guy in the video might easily sue for physical harm to his back. I can't tell if it was a nightstick or a flashlight but that one cop literally decided to start hammering the spinal column of someone with a taser in him and his hands in the air. 

This is fucking ludicrous. Serve and protect, my ass. 
White polo had his hands above his head and put them against the wall. He still ended up getting tasered and beaten by a baton/flashlight, shitty. Also, I'm sure that girl trying to act like a law expert didn't help. 
Never open your door to a police officer. If they haven't let themselves in by busting it down then they don't have justification to enter. 

If you open the door you give them the pretense to say they smelled drugs, booze, whatever to justify entering your residence.

Talk to them through the door. 

Look up "nevergetbusted" videos on youtube. The narrator is a former State Trooper and gives a plethora examples how to deal with the police within the framework of the law and then some. 
They know what's best:

&gt; "The Equality and Diversity Committee is clear that the main focus of gender equality work should continue to be on the inequalities faced by women, and in particular the under-representation of women in the professoriate and senior management."
[removed]
Worth remembering that in the UK **we also had a feminist politician in Parliament try to sabotage a proposed International men's Day debate**. She openly laughed at the idea of discussing the sky-high male suicide rate and said no IMD debate should ever take place until there were 50% women in Parliament:
http://www.breitbart.com/london/2015/11/01/feminist-labour-mp-mocks-discussing-high-male-suicide-rates-parliament-plays-victim/

Oh and back to this case, the student body at the University of York is currently 56% female
For comparison, here's all the events they held for International Women's Day (they even changed the colour of their website to promote it!):

https://www.york.ac.uk/news-and-events/features/2015/womens-day/
"It said Men's Day did not 'seek a dialogue' on issues with women’s equality campaigns or initiatives, and nor did it acknowledge that the 'patriarchal structures which underpin society"

Even on international mens day women must be involved, and if we live in a patriarchy how was it so easy to shut down a small event like  this one?
International Women's Day - still cool
Yeah! You should only be able to celebrate everything else! Men can only celebrate if they're disenfranchised minorities!!  Fucking  universities....
I can hear their SJW protests now: "We don't need Men's Day because every day is Men's Day in a male-dominated patriarchal society!" 
This silly "only women are oppressed" nonsense is going to result in a backlash.

If you don't support my right to equal access and representation as a man, *I'm not going to support your access, either.*

That's how it works. Only idiots continue to support something which is clearly disinterested in taking care of them (which was what Feminism **used** to be about- solving the drastic underrepresentation of women.)
Here is the same university **celebrating** International Women's Day:

https://archive.is/iRD10

Pretty incredible hypocrisy. As a man, I can say with all honesty that I would never attend this university or any others with similar policies.
I've seen this first hand when I've applied for University staff positions at my local university. Entire departments with nothing but women, and some of the others that would be interviewed I knew, and every time it was a woman that was hired despite myself being more than qualified.  One time is a fluke, but I've done this more than 5 times with the exact same result.  
equality for all, except white men that is

but if they complain then they must be prejudicial

/s
I'm so confused, as a woman, why are we not celebrating men?
That's less than a 5% bonus based on her salary. Not huge.

On the other hand, a $130k relocation package is absolutely absurd.
I hate the va as much as any other vet, but if she hasn't been convicted of a crime, everybody is innocent until proven guilty. 
Even Florida man is disgusted by this.
&gt;Prosecutors say Turley allegedly offered two hours with the girl in exchange for $1,000, and a meeting was arranged.

&gt;When undercover officers arrived to the meeting location, they found the girl naked underneath a blanket.  She was in a groggy state and appeared to be under the influence, according to police.

This makes me think he's done this before.
I hope they throw away the key for this monster. He deserves the absolute maximum penalty. There is no telling what he has already done to his poor daughter.
ON CRAIGS LIST???  His depravity is surpassed only by his stupidity. 
[deleted]
Yeah, I'm from Houston and I'm not surprised. The people against Prop 1 made the most noise and had far better organization. The bathroom ordinance was 100% of the reason why the bill failed, as there was so many targeted ads against it, specifically. While gay and lesbian people are becoming more normalized, trans isn't there yet. 
In The Netherlands, if the mens room is full, we just take a leak at the women's bathroom. And vice versa. Who the hell cares? Just institute one general rule: don't be a fucking perv, whether you're a man or a woman. Common sense people, time to use it.
People of Houston don't want to allow men the ability to walk into women's locker rooms and bathrooms...

Reddit calls them bigots because the title makes it look like Houston hates LGBT
ITT: A whole lot of people who believe Transgender people should be allowed to do what makes them most comfortable.  

These same people think that CIS males and females are bigots for wanting what makes them the most comfortable
The FCC is currently taking comments on Data Caps.  
Make sure you contact them and report your Data Caps to the FCC [Here](https://consumercomplaints.fcc.gov/hc/en-us/requests/new?ticket_form_id=38824)
Fuck Comcast.

Bring in some competition and see how quickly they lift those caps.
It's not fair that some people have a limit that **they imposed**.  So now everyone should get capped. 

Who didn't see this coming?

I hope it bites them in the ass.
Even Comcast's own network architects disagree with this crap.
[deleted]
It's not the color of your skin that matters.  It's the thickness.
&gt;"It doesn't make sense to me if you are invoking free speech as a way to say things that further marginalize students on college campuses if they are critical of what you are saying. You are trying to devalue their words and their free speech," said Taylor Lemmons, a student at Claremont McKenna College in California.

Wow. Freedom from marginalization and criticism? This person doesn't even begin to understand the concept of free speech.
In other words, they're pussies.
They're just carrying on the grand tradition in this country of being self-entitled and seeing themselves as victims at the exact same time.
It's not just at Universities but also here on Reddit. Censorship is often times very heavy handed here on Reddit as many mods are very left leaning and are quick to censor opinions they don't like. 
"The potential conflict between the protection of civil rights and the constitution's First Amendment guarantees was on display at the University of Missouri in Columbia last week"

That's funny, because freedom of speech is without a doubt the most important civil right that could ever exist in a democratic republic. Of course the protesters were not trying to protect civil rights. They were disrupting the rights of the media, the right to free speech, the rights of others to peaceably assemble, the rights of others to quietly enjoy their lives, the rights of others to use public spaces. Their stated goal was to make people uncomfortable. They segregated the university quad into a black only space. They forcibly kicked the media out of a public area.
favorite comment from the vid...



I will find you. I will kill you.
&gt; "Finally nurses picked up the cat...sure enough when they brought the mama to the kittens..."

&gt;"Headline: *Mother cat breaks into clinic*"

Something doesn't match up
I wonder if he will gain all that weight back because he won't have access to subway while in prison.
I feel for his kids though. Can you imagine how they feel? I mean would you ever speak to your dad again after something like this came out? Did he prey upon his own children? Ugh
Rapes at least 14 kids, will still get out of prison before countless other people who are locked up for drug related charges.
This is pretty embarrassing as a US citizen. We didn't stand up for Snowden when he came forward. 
I was in Providence R.I. this weekend and when I flew in I took a cab. It was $35 to the hotel. I decided to try Uber for the first time on the way back to the airport from the hotel. It was $15. 
In other news, the Stagecoach Makers' Union and United Horse-Grooms are seeking an injunction against further manufacture of horse-less motor-cars, claiming extensive damage to their profitability.
Uber - Clean car, clean trunk. courteous driver, complimentary water and plugs for your smart phone and INEXPENSIVE.

Taxi - disgusting interior, disgusting trunk.  EXPENSIVE

Getting a ride from Uber is simple.  You know exactly who the driver is and where he is.  You know he's has some sort of background check.

Taxis deserve the death that is coming.

On a related note.  I cannot wait until real estate agents are no longer a thing.  What they get paid for what they do is insanity.  The internet will kill them eventually.  Can't wait.  
They embraced the government bureaucracy that limited consumer choice and stifled out competition in the taxi business for years.

Innovation combined with a superior customer experience is what ruined their business.  

A slob with a dirty, smelly car who drives recklessly while screaming Arabic into a his bluetooth wouldn't last very long as an Uber driver. 

As long as the taxi business is modelled on an antiquated medallion system and lacking in customer service, Uber is going to win every time. I'm not a huge fan of Uber itself as a company and they've done plenty of skeevy shit, but in my area they're my only alternative to a terrible, overpriced, slow monopoly that has no interest in providing quality service. 

I don't even care so much about the cheaper price (though that's definitely a benefit), but knowing I can hail an Uber and have a car actually show up instead of waiting 20+ minutes for someone that may or may not show up is amazing.
Last time I called a cab they didn't show up and when we called them to find out they were angry at us for needing a ride for 7 people and said they couldn't accommodate us even though we set it up a day before, Uber was there in ten minutes.  Fuck a cab and the cab companies.
Sorry Cab industry, you can't sue for being out competed.  Goodbye smelly, crap service.
ITs for 'Security'  the magic word which ends all discussion.
I feel for all the suckers who game on those sites. you are just feeding the employees money.
Here's Last Week Tonight piece they did this week on those two companies 

http://youtu.be/Mq785nJ0FXQ
"Unlawful sexual relationship"?  I think you mean "rape".  It certainly would be called rape if it was a man and a 14 year old girl.
Rape.  It's called rape.  

Why is it whenever there's an adult woman involved it's always "unlawful sex" or "forced to have sex" but any time it's man the headline is "RAPE!!"?

&gt;But a lawyer for the Sussex County congregation is arguing that the elders are protected from the reporting requirements by clergy privilege, similar to the confidentiality of a church confessional.

Ahh, right, it's okay because religion!!!  

I've said it before and I'll say it again...I'm getting tired of people using religious protections to do terrible things in this country.  How much longer will shit like this continue before something is done?
I was picked up by a deaf Uber driver two years ago.  He sent me an introductory text before our ride began.  Lyft should suggest that to its drivers as well.
I've had deaf drivers for Lyft, they usually make some kind of motion or text you to indicate that they are deaf. It's completely possible that this driver made some kind of noise and hand motion that the rider just took as a standard greeting. 


Side note : He handed me the aux cord and I turned it way up. He just smiled, nodded his head to the bass and gave me a thumbs up. That was a great feeling...thank you Travi$ Scott for bridging two strangers together with your trap music.
Nobody thought to put a placard stating the driver is deaf behind the front seats?
I've considered becoming an Uber driver but after reading this, I fear that people who are not used to Deaf drivers would freak out like this woman. 

Hell, I've met people that couldn't believe that I have a license and a car. Takes some longer than others to catch on.
I see a lot of people on Facebook making fun of this woman, but honestly it sounds like a scary situation!  Imagine sitting in a car with a complete stranger who (seemingly) refuses to respond to you.  I would have assumed a kidnapping situation too.  Either Lyft or the driver should have communicated to the woman that the driver was deaf beforehand.  I wonder if Lyft is concerned that customers will cancel rides if they know their driver is deaf.
Who seeks asylum at a nightclub?
It is sadly true that Middle Eastern men and men from Africa have very bad attitudes towards western women. Emancipated women is not what they are used to and wearing light clothes is a sign of lack of modesty/decency to them. I wouldn't want to be a woman constantly surrounded by these men. Big problem.
Unfortunately this is only the beginning of the cultural conflict that will occur in Germany. Given how some of the refugees behaved on the road to Germany, there is a lot more to come. 
Islam+3rd world origin+young male= the most sexist person you can imagine. 
**Unpopular Opinion:** I work at a night club in San Francisco. We do about 1500 patrons on our busy night. Over the past 3 years I have had the most issues with overly entitled arabic people believing they are gods gift to women. They are rude, can't keep their hands to themselves, and CONSTANTLY engaging in harassment to our female patrons. 

As security, I can only react to their behavior. Though there have been times I wish I could just say fuck it, no more. But thats racist, and discriminative. But still. Our mostly fun, happy, exciting club changed for the worst when they arrived. 

Just last week I caught a guy grabbing a girls ass. she ran off crying, I pulled him outside. i told him his behavior was unacceptable, his response was, "She wanted it."

He refused to acknowledge that what he did was wrong. Seemed utterly clueless that I had brought him outside to have a discussion. And overall just shrugged his shoulders. And yes, hes 86ed from the club.

That is but one of a thousand stories I can tell you of similar variety.

So I can understand if I was in the country where it would be legal for me to deny entry based on appearance or based on the behavior of a group of the same ethnicity, in this context I would.
How can refugees afford to go clubbing?
I don't understand why people think you can just put a bunch of incompatible cultures together and assume it'll work. This idea of multiculturalism is a fantasy. Cultures clash. Some cultures are downright shitty.

We should be promoting multi-racial societies with a greater focus on integration. Right now it's just tolerance, tolerance, tolerance, and you end up with shit like this. You can't tolerate shitty behavior that comes from generations of terrible cultural teachings.
You can take the refugees out of the Middle East, but you can't take the crap out of the refugees
They aren't "refugees" if they are out going to the clubs.
[deleted]
[removed]
My problem was they were using eminent domain for a foreign company to take US citizen's land.  That was the big hold up at least in Nebraska.  If people want to run oil through their land that's okay, just don't let a foreign company steal land from the rightful owners.
So they made profits in the neighborhood of 10 million dollars. Then they were fined $700,000. So in the end, they're still ahead 9.3 million dollars for pulling their scam. 
Pffft, this is an old scam. Years ago, I worked for Vietnam Vets of America. This particular office operated a payroll service for about a dozen for-profit thrift stores around the country. Seemed odd that this little office with about 4 employees had that many stores around the US. I eventually figured out the thift stores paid a fee to use the Vietnam Vets of America name as their business name on the front of their stores then they solicited donations to "help veterans". That way the for-profit  stores got free inventory to sell. When a reporter got suspicious and began asking employees at one of the stores who they actually worked for and asked them to check the name of the payor on their paychecks, the VVA office I worked for set up the payroll service. The employees received paychecks with Vietnam Vets of America on them and year-end W2's from VVA. In other words, the employees were tricked into thinking VVA was their employer. The woman I worked with who prepared the payroll was paid $60,000 year, which was at least 50% above market at the time, and only worked 3 days a week AND refused to do certain parts of her job, like prepare workers comp reports or withhold state income tax if the software she used didn't have a state withholding table built in. I was hired to do the stuff she refused to do and to reconcile the payroll. I was appalled at just how bad a job she was doing. I offered to take over the job at a much lower salary, do it correctly and actually work full time. I was baffled when I literally got no response whatsoever to my offer. Then I discovered the scam and it all made sense. I'm sure this woman threatened to go to the press if she didn't get the salary she demanded. 
&gt;"She asked her if she was a Christian,"

Wow, that's a problem right there. The repeated inquires into what she's doing with her vagina are just weird.
I like that the teacher thinks pregnancy is in any way relevant to ones ability to carry out an SGA role. What a wonderful message she just sent to the girls of Jacksonville high and their potential abilities regarding fulfilling work obligations should they become pregnant. 
I hope this teacher gets fired and loses their certification
VCU graduate here, got my BS in accounting in the fall of 2013. I don't understand this at all. Out of all my accounting classes I had 2 white teachers ( intermediate 1 and 2). The rest of my professors were from China, Korea, Bangladesh, and India. Some of those professors are some of the smartest people I have ever met in my life, and in no way would I ever argue that they should be replaced.

My intermediate 3 teacher was a short old little man from India and I would have to say hands down the smartest and most knowledgable teacher I have ever met. If you would ask a question he would tell you the exact page of our textbook (1400 pages long) you could find your answer, and if your question made no sense he would tell you what chapter and subsection (that you should have studied in intermediate 1 and 2) that you could find  the info needed to clear up your question so he could provide you an answer.

The replacement of teacher like this within the accounting department or any department for someone less knowledgable based on the color devalues our  degrees, as well as devaluing the name of our school.

These actions are deplorable. If you want to make your opinion known then exercise your freedom of speech and speak on the compass. You don't storm into the presidents office and try and hold him hostage to your demands. 

To the people who have done this. You have disgraced VCU and everyone who has ever graduated from there.

Edit: thank you kind stranger for the gold.
&gt;Among the students’ demands are for VCU to double the number of black faculty members to 10 percent of the total number of professors by 2017, to have at least one of every three candidates interviewing for a faculty position be black, and to create a position to make sure the policies are being implemented.

1 in 3 candidates interviewing be Black is such an unreasonable demand. In 2000 only 6.6% of PhDs were black, I'm sure thats gone up since then but I'm sure its well below 30%. Colleges should be hiring Professors based solely on qualifications. Its a place to learn and nothing more. 

&gt;“You really don’t learn about black people at VCU,” she said. “That’s why I think we should go out of our way … to have a transformational experience and have these conversations.”

I thought black people and white people were the same...

&gt;She said having more black professors would benefit all students because of the points of view those professors will bring.

A large portion of classes are fact based and will not at all be affected by the point of view of the professor.

&gt;The students also demand the creation of a cultural competency course for all students and the hiring of an ombudsman so students have someone who will relate to their experiences and concerns.

Do people really think racists can take a class and be not racist anymore? Are people really this naive? 
So, let us not hire them based on the content of their character, but solely on the color of their skin. 
Isn't is outright illegal to hire people based on race?
[deleted]
"We demand a color blind society.  For the first step you will crumble to our demand that black people be given many preferences."
Sure.. how about we force the football and basketball coaches to enlist more white players on the teams?  Oh what?  You don't think that's fair? hmmmmmmmmm
&gt; In addition to concerns about what’s happening inside classrooms, the students said they feel like outsiders on campus. VCU’s student body is 15 percent black.

Has anyone told them what the overall US demographics are?   

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Demographics_of_the_United_States#Race_and_ethnicity

12.2%

They're actually in an environment with 25% more black people than they'll encounter nationally.

Of course the only way they could learn this is by actually attending class, instead of trying to oust teachers.
As a VCU grad this is ridiculous. VCU pushes "liberalism" and diversity so hard down your throat it will come out the other end looking like a black Bernie Sanders. Half of their staff are feminists. The only time a student will be scared because of their race is if they are white/middle eastern/east asian and walk a few blocks too far off campus in the wrong direction.
This is how you create a new generation of racists. 

This kind of irrational whining is going to make a generation of well intentioned white people, who were for the most part raised to be "race blind" and accomodating by their liberal parents, resentful of and reluctant to interact with black people. 

They are going to freeze black people out socially and professionally, because they feel like they are under attack by the sudden explosion of hateful rhetoric directed their way, despite never having done anything racist or discriminatory in their young lives. But mostly, they are going to freeze them out because they want to avoid any future racial drama caused by the kind of hypersensitivity on full display here. 

Nobody wants to be accused of racism and fired, and the easiest way to do that, especially with all the paranoia-inducing micro-aggression bullshit, is to avoid interacting with minorities.

Race relations couldn't be relaxed, everyone couldn't just be accepting of each other and move on with their lives, now everyone has to be super tense and borderline paranoid. I sincerely hope these idiots enjoy the bed they are making for themselves.  
I'm all for this. When are we gonna protest the under representation of white centers in basketball?  #whitemencanjump
[deleted]
&gt;“You can go a whole four years talking to white people, being taught by white people and not having anything to do with black people,” sophomore Reyna Smith said.

Can someone explain to me what a person's skin color has to do with being able to teach the material?  Additionally, and this is just me, but being a white person I can't fathom only wanting to talk to and deal with other white people.  Why?  Because skin color doesn't matter.  


I demand more Asian professors! I demand more Hispanic professors! I demand more LGBT professors! Where does it end?
If you force quotas in hiring you're going to get shit teachers, teaching shit ideas to shit children. IF you can prove they are systemically NOT iring black teachers based on color of skin or bias, prove it. Otherwise grow up this shit just makes more people think racism is a good idea (which it is not). 
How about you go to a black college if you think whitey can't teach. 
In the photos of that article someone is wearing an "Assata Taught Me" hoodie. Assata is a convicted cop killer that fled to Cuba. 
This study found "the hiring of tenure-track STEM instructors, female, black and Latino academics have an edge, while Asians are at a disadvantage."  

https://www.insidehighered.com/news/2015/04/20/new-research-which-groups-are-more-likely-be-hired-and-receive-tenure-stem

Although slow, progress has already been taking place without the need for these disruptive protests.

Breeding a new generation of racists. White/Asian millenials and below have to be getting tired of their rabid pack animal peers, their benefits and their whining by now.
[removed]
Here is the SCOTUSblog reporting on the case outcome...

http://www.scotusblog.com/2015/11/court-protects-police-in-fatal-shooting-case/

The ruling was 8-1.
Dude managed to fire ~~4~~ 6 shots from an overpass at a guy going 100+ miles per hour, and hit him four times? That's some damned impressive shooting.

Edited for accuracy, because my brain is made of mush this morning.
There is more to the story than the headline.

"During the eighteen-minute pursuit, Leija twice called from his cellphone to warn officers to back off, or he would shoot them."

This is a big point in making the determination to deploy lethal force.
[deleted]
This seemed excessive to me at first but then I read the article and found he was threatening to fire on the officers. A little reckless for that cop to be firing down onto a highway yes but if this guy wanted to play stupid games he was bound to win a stupid prize. 

Had he not been threatening officers and just fleeing then I would be alarmed. 
Maybe I'm just taste-retarded or something but I've never been able to distinguish the difference between farmed and wild fish. I used to live in Alaska and often personally caught my own salmon to cook and eat, freshest of the fresh, and it just tasted like salmon. I live in Seattle now so I generally buy either from the grocery store (farmed) or from Pike Place (wild) and in both cases, over all samples so far, the fish has tasted like salmon. So aside from the ethics (which are murky at best) I really have just never understood what the big deal is over whether your fish spent its final moments swimming in farm poop or whale semen.
Hey look at that, my city is finally seen on reddit for the shit hole it is.. I've lived in allentown my whole life (19 years) and let me tell you this stuff isn't out of the normal, the teenagers are mostly a bunch of douche bag thug wanna-be's and the parents aren't any better. You see kids out here with kids of there own and you already know those kids are just going to be another allentown wanna-be gangster. I dream everyday of me and my family just getting up and moving but sadly that's not going to happen because we own this house. Doesn't help that the cops don't care enough to do anything either, we have people who deal drugs 24/7 across the street who don't even live on the block and we had people who said they were going to shoot up and burn my house down and all the cops told us was to move and they can't have someone patrolling because the shortage of police. Just the other night on Halloween me and my cousins went to a Halloween party and right after we left people got shot and someone went on a stabbing spree. And the people don't care when stuff like this goes viral, they actually love it. You see them share stuff like this all the time and post "We made it 😂😂😂"

TLDR: Allentown was, is, and always will be a gangster wanna-be shit hole of a city.
&gt; "It was a riotous scene in which at least 100 students were caught up in the fighting."

I wonder, what caused the fight?
I clicked on that link thinking "I wonder what the hell happened in Chicago..." only to realize this shit happened in my hometown. God damned Allentown never makes the news for anything remotely good. 
Watching that video you can tell why many cops just keep on driving when they see shit go down nowadays. Fuck getting involved with that violent idiocy. 
This very easily could've turned in to another tragedy, and many cops would've pulled a taser or a gun as soon as the first officer got hit.  The Allentown police department did a great job handling this situation with the appropriate means. They quelled the riot without escalating the situation or letting their emotions get the better of them.  

Not all cops suck, and these men and women did a fantastic job here.
I'm just going to assume the majority of these teens were black 

Didn't click the link, am I right?

These kids grow up being racist themselves against white people and end up thinking everything is unfair to them. We turned an active majority of our culture into a cesspool of SJW pussies, who have nothing better to do but look down on their "privilege". These are the consequences of being PC, "it's not their fault, we did this to them!!!"

Follow the law? Nope, Cops be messin with me cuz I'm black. Not because I'm doing shady shit, look like a thug, driving around at night with 5 guys packed in a car in a crime infested neighborhood. 




I am fine with women in these roles, but if they can't pass the same standards they absolutely should not be in them.
Discriminating between who does well and who does poorly is the point of any test.
You can be offended all you want, you can sue all you want, but the fact remains that some jobs specifically demand physical attributes.  Gender/age/appearance (stripper, model, actor), fitness (firefighter, soldier, delivery), voice (singer, announcer).

A blind pilot, a mute singer, or a weak cop are all useless at those roles.


I was never a PT stud when I was in the Army but when I failed PT tests, I didn't think "Oh let me just sue the Army", instead I thought "God damn it I need to exercise more". Shit like this holds women back. On top of that, cops who aren't held to fitness standards will probably be more likely to use lethal force since they lack the strength to subdue a suspect with their own physical prowess.

EDIT: I wanted to point out that these officers didn't sue to have the physical fitness test adjusted for women and age, which would have been the right thing to do. [They sued to have it completely removed from the job requirements](http://gazette.com/lawsuit-colorado-springs-female-police-officers-allege-discrimination-in-physical-fitness-test/article/1550705), which is something I'm firmly against.
[removed]
Some snippets of data from the jobs report:

UNEMPLOYMENT RATES:

U3 (headline unemployment rate) dropped 0.1 point to 5.0%.  
U4 (includes those who've given up looking for work) was flat at 5.4%.  
U5 (includes "marginally attached") stayed flat at 6.2%.  
U6 (includes part-time workers who'd like to work full-time) dropped 0.2 points to 9.8%.  This is the first time it's been in the single digits since May 2008.

LABOR FORCE NUMBERS:

The number of people in the labor force grew by 313k, to 157.0M.  This mostly offsets last month's drop of 350k.  
The Labor Participation Rate was flat at 62.4%, still a historic low.  
The number of people *not* in the labor force but who want a job rose 97k, to 6.05 million (down 493k from a year ago).  
The number of people *not* in the labor force who want a job and have looked for a job sometime in the last year was mostly flat at 1.92 million (down 276k from a year ago).  
The number of people who have dropped out of the labor force because they've given up looking for work rose 30k to 665k (down 105k from a year ago).

FULL- AND PART-TIME WORKERS:

The number of people employed full-time increased by 185k to 122.0 million.  
The number of people employed part-time increased by 214k to 27.2 million.

JOBS DISTRIBUTION:

Total nonfarm jobs increased by 271k to 142.6 million.  
Of these, 268k came from the private sector.  
Federal government jobs decreased by 2k.  
State government jobs increased by 5k.  
Local government jobs were flat.

HOURS AND WAGES:

Average weekly hours was flat at 34.5.  
Average hourly earnings rose $0.09/hr to $25.20/hr.  
Average weekly earnings rose $3.10/week to $869.40/week.  
Average weekly hours of nonsupervisors rose 0.1 to 33.7 hours.  
Average hourly earnings of nonsupervisors rose $0.09/hr to $21.18/hr.  
Average weekly earnings of nonsupervisors rose $5.15/week to $713.77/week.

REVISIONS:

August's job numbers were revised up from +136k to +153k.  
September's job numbers were revised down from +142k to +137k.  
Taken together, this means that 12k more jobs were created in the past two months than had previously been estimated.
[insert typical comment saying these jobs are largely part timers and/or it doesn't take into consideration people who are discouraged from searching for work]

^ anytime positive employment news comes out.
**One fucking picture of one of the cubs!** **ONE!** And then we get a couple of photos that, though also of preserved animals, are not of the subjects discussed in the article. 

When are the archaeologists/paleontologists going to give the world what it wants with these news stories?!? They all have camera phones on them! You don't have to turn on the flash if you are worried about that bright light and degradation. 

Just snap a few Instagrams or tweet quality shots. Every moronic celebrity can give us hd well lit shots of their newest hair do or "I'm not a porn star, but here's a shot of my cooch" shots a thousand times a day!

Pictures, images, photos, pics, shots, photographs! 

http://i.imgur.com/2oV9ta8.gif

EIDT: slipnelg
[deleted]
How about the fact that the school **didn't even call 911** to make sure she got medical attention!!??! Her grandmother found her by following the blood trail...
&gt;Saniya and her friend started arguing at an after-school program at Pleasantville Elementary. One thing led to another, and an eight-year-old stabbed Saniya multiple times with a pair of children's scissors.

One thing led to another? Really? So casually written, as if this is just normal, everyday stuff.

&gt;HISD officials say the situation didn't seem serious enough for an ambulance, and pointed out that the family lives just a few blocks from school.

Stabbed in the face multiple times is not serious enough to call emergency services? 

People need to be fired over this, at the very least.

&gt;As for the eight-year-old, she has been disciplined at school, but she's too young to legally face criminal charges.

So these people have never heard of juvenile court, or am I missing something here?
Honestly, if I can't take my gun and masturbate on the Subway then what's the point?
Take away his gun rights NOW. crazy dont need a gun.
Responding with violence to a situation normally resolved with a simple dialogue and exchange of information, sounds like this guy was in the right profession.
I don't want a large Farva. I want a goddamn liter of cola. 
The cop tried to say that the donut shop employee started it...but the officer's story was full of holes.
If they could somehow work a cheesesteak into that story, it would be the most Philadelphia thing ever.
After reading about and watching [Stanford prison experiment](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stanford_prison_experiment) and another study done by the BBC, I truly believe the majority of people who become cops get pulled into the cop stereotype which encourages such behavior.  


I think training is a big factor and that is lacking, it takes years of training for most professions, it takes 12-14 weeks to [be a cop](http://study.com/how_to_become_a_police_officer.html), and the skills required are so low, not to mention the education required.  If these people hired to be cops are not trained in behavioral management as well as de-Escalation techniques you may as well not even train them.
There's a cult that used to operate out of South Texas that is remarkably similar to scientology in both their ideology  (if you can call it that) and their intimidation of former members. My grandfather was a Baptist preacher for most of his life after the war in Louisiana and Texas, and I'm not talking about the mega churches or churches that only care about taking your money on sunday. He only worked at small rural locations, and being a small town farm kid I'm sure it's what he was most comfortable with. 

Well one time in the mid 1970's my dad told me there was a couple of young men and women who showed up at the church looking for a place to stay, they had just left the cult down the road and seemed upset. So my grandpa let them stay at the church and told them to rest as long as they needed, it's the Lord's house and all were welcome regardless of faith. This wasn't uncommon, my dad always talks about how he'd take in all kinds of lost and wandering souls either into their church or his home even when he didn't have two nickels to rub together. It always pissed my grandma off, but he just had a heart for helping people down on their luck. 

Well to make a long story short, a handful of the cult people showed up two days later looking for the young folks that had left. When they found out they were holed up at the church they came thinking they could intimidate my family into giving them up. My grandpa knew they were coming so he met then on the road with two of his brothers, my dad and all my uncles, all of whom had shotguns. He doesn't remember how my grandpa said it, but it was the effect of "If you disturb my flock again, I will lay you to rest so far away and so deep in the earth that nobody will ever know to look for you." 

This was from a man who wouldn't even raise his voice in anger, so it terrified my dad who never forgot how scary my grandpa got that one time in his life. The cult members left and never came back, and eventually scattered away with time from that county. I always think of that story though, when I hear about scientologist doing something. I jokingly tell my brother "what would grandpa do?" But sometimes I really wonder if in another time they wouldn't have the pull and influence that they do because someone couldn't have stood up and stopped them. Anyways, that's my boring story on that.

Edit: Wow yall, I seriously don't know what to say. I can't believe this old story about my grandpa got me gold twice. Thank yall so much for that, I can't tell you how much I appreciate it. I know he'd get a kick out of people talking about him like this, he was a humble man who would probably laugh and just think it's funny people thought he was so tough. He was tough, of course, but like I said always the humble man. I hope everyone's having a great evening/day, and thanks again for all the kind words and fun stories! It's been a hoot on my end for sure! 


Few things could be more damaging to the CoS in America than if a bunch of celebrity ex-members all started going public about the shit they know.  The usual CoS tactics of blackmail and worse threats would be far less effective against people who are already used to being under public scrutiny.  Not to mention that these are people who can afford lawyers with actual skill and could potentially get extortion charges or such to stick, if the Scientologists tried playing dirty.

A few even mid-tier actors could quickly turn this into a VERY public fight, and that would be bad for CoS.
I really hope I live to see Scientology destroyed.
Interestingly enough, it seems scientology itself isn't reason enough for her to break up with them.
This is the shenanigans I expect from Florida Man. 
This took planning and follow-through. Any squirt gun is going to require at least 10 decent loads, which most guys can only do once a day. So, this guy had to decide on a Friday night to do this, and then finish after a week and a weekend.

He had to jack off first, and then be careful to save his cum into a receptacle, which he would have to immediately refrigerate in order to keep it fresh. For ten days. Then he would need a bolus to suck up the combined seamen and carefully inject it into the squirt gun.

This basically says there is no chance this guy didn't know exactly what he was doing, and the subterfuge shows he knew it was illegal. Also that he used a squirt gun, a child's toy, shows he had been planning the whole time to specifically target children.

To summarize, this guy is headed for the highest classification of sex offender.
WTF goes through someone's head that would lead them to think doing something like this was a good idea? Fucking idiot. 
&gt; semen-loaded squirt gun 

A penis?

***

**What you need to know:**

***

* **Magnitude:** Preliminary Earthquake Report 7.7, downgraded to 7.5. 

* **Depth:** 213 km

* **Intensity of Shaking:** Currently rated as a VII or **Very Strong** in terms of shaking. The likelihood for damage is high with this event.

Shaking Felt and Cities Exposed:

http://i.imgur.com/7tHbVAx.png

http://i.imgur.com/eKCAdPM.png


* **Expected Fatalities:**

Probability | Number of Deaths
-----------|----------------
0 | No deaths
3 | Between 1-10
15 | 10-100
**33** | **100-1,000**
**32** | **1,000-10,000**
14 | 10,000-100,000
3 | 100,000+

Orange alert level for shaking-related fatalities. Significant casualties are likely and the disaster is potentially widespread. Past events with this alert level have required a regional or national level response.

* **Expected Damages:**

Probability | Expected Costs (US$)
-----------|--------------------
22 | Less than 1m
**34** | **1m-10m**
30 | 10m-100m
12 | 100m-1b
2 | 1b-10b

Yellow alert level for economic losses. Some damage is possible. Estimated economic losses are less than 1% of GDP of Afghanistan.




****

**Links:**

****

* [Event Page -USGS] (http://earthquake.usgs.gov/earthquakes/eventpage/us10003re5#general_summary)



****

~Mod of /r/Earthquakes

Edit: More Info

**Structure Information Summary**
Overall, the population in this region resides in structures that are highly vulnerable to earthquake shaking, though some resistant structures exist. The predominant vulnerable building types are adobe block and unreinforced brick with timber floor construction.

**Secondary Effects**
Recent earthquakes in this area have caused secondary hazards such as landslides and liquefaction that might have contributed to losses.

Seven other M 7 or greater earthquakes have occurred within 250 km of this event over the preceding century, the most recent being a M 7.4 earthquake in March 2002 just 20 km to the west of the October 26, 2015 event, and with a similar depth and thrust fault orientation. The 2002 event caused over 150 fatalities and the damage or destruction of over 400 houses in relation to an associated landslide.



NOT *athletes* too!?! 
Thanks, mom?
They'll kick you off campus if they catch you having sex; expulsion is also possible as a sanction.

I knew a a married guy in ROTC who couldn't spend the night in the same dorm room as his wife.

Source: du Lac.
&gt;The student tried to end his relationship with the tutor’s daughter, but she then pressured him to convert to Catholicism and recommended he seek mental health counseling.

&gt;The coach’s apparent colleague and friend in the school’s psychiatric support allegedly worked in cahoots to “medicate Plaintiff John Doe to keep him passive, cooperative, and under control,” the court documents said.

Doesn't this part just scream out schizophrenic person to anyone else? 
You can't have an article like that without a picture, come on man
&gt;A Notre Dame spokesman called the lawsuit “unfounded” in a statement to the Daily News and said the mention of student-athletes made it little more than a publicity stunt.

&gt;Notre Dame has fired the tutor, with an internal school report saying she violated the school’s “values” and its “discrimination harassment policy.” 

It must be a huge coincidence that she was fired for those reasons, right?
Horrifying.

&gt;“We hand wrote the first 750 cases of cancer but we had no idea how big this was. After that we started getting thousands of reports,” Ms Visintine explained.

Soon enough, one little Facebook page grew from simply getting back in touch, to the alarming realisation that more than 2700 residents reported rare incidents of illness. This was becoming a cancer cluster of epic proportions: 45 cases of appendix cancer, 184 cases of brain cancer, 315 cases of thyroid cancer, 448 cases of auto-immune disease, and so on.

“The situation here is one of the most graphic illustrations of the enduring costs paid by an American community for its participation in the cold war,” read the New York Times.

This is not even the worst dump, there is another one closer to the city. 

Also fun fact if you don't know where all this radioactive material is there is a dump with a underground fire that broke through the safety barriers. 

I work right next to this place 
This deserves to be much bigger news. 
It's almost as if their lives don't matter.
I wonder how many athletes that area has produced...my guess would be few to none.
&lt;div class="md"&gt;&lt;p&gt;I wonder how many athletes that area has produced...my guess would be few to none.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;It might be another way to track areas that are toxic to residents that goes beyond lifestyle habits.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&gt;Shell-shocked 

CNBC staffers have PTSD from working for a shitty company
Is there a full list of the questions anywhere?  I went through the transcript and it's such an absolute mess since the moderators lost control of the debate at question 1.  But I got about 6 questions in before I couldn't be arsed any further...

Q1...what is your biggest weakness and what are you doing to address it? We'll go left to right. Governor Kasich, 30 seconds

Q2…Mr. Trump, you've done very well in this campaign so far by promising to build a wall and make another country pay for it. Send 11 million people out of the country. Cut taxes $10 trillion without increasing the deficit. And make Americans better off because your greatness would replace the stupidity and incompetence of others. Is this a comic book version of a presidential campaign?

Q3…You have a flat tax plan of 10 percent flat taxes, and -- I've looked at it -- and this is something that is very appealing to a lot of voters, but I've had a really tough time trying to make the math work on this. If you were to took a 10 percent tax, with the numbers right now in total personal income, you're gonna come in with bring in $1.5 trillion. That is less than half of what we bring in right now. And by the way, it's gonna leave us in a $2 trillion hole. So what analysis got you to the point where you think this will work?

Q4…I'm about to ask you about this. That is, you had some very strong words to say yesterday about what's happening in your party and what you're hearing from the two gentlemen we've just heard from. Would you repeat it?

Q5…We will come around the bend, I promise. This one is for Senator Rubio. You've been a young man in a hurry ever since you won your first election in your 20s. You've had a big accomplishment in the Senate, an immigration bill providing a path to citizenship the conservatives in your party hate, and even you don't support anymore. Now, you're skipping more votes than any senator to run for president. Why not slow down, get a few more things done first or least finish what you start?

Q6…No, we're moving to Governor Bush. Governor, the fact that you're at the fifth lectern tonight shows how far your stock has fallen in this race, despite the big investment your donors have made. You noted recently, after slashing your payroll, that you had better things to do than sit around and be demonized by other people. I wanted to ask you --But it's a -- OK. It's a -- it's a question about why you're having difficulty. I want to ask you in this context. Ben Bernanke, who was appointed Fed chairman by your brother, recently wrote a book in which he said he no longer considers himself a Republican because the Republican Party has given in to know- nothingism. Is that why you're having a difficult time in this race?

It was just a complete shit show.  I think once you get beyond the poorly worded questions designed to antagonize, you did have some substantive questions in there.  But the CNN debate was done MUCH better (which was funny that the Republicans considered it softball questions...).
Can someone give me the gist of what happened that everyone is "embarrassed" about?

Having not seen the debate, this article is not doing a great job of filling in the gaps.
The entire US Media conglomerate should be embarrassed for what they've turned into. But really we can only blame ourselves, because the media is just doing whatever generates ratings. 
Is it me, or has the whole US political environment deteriorated to shit in the last 12 or so years?

Listen I understand we hate Republicans but the moderators were a joke, every question was an attack and they treated them significantly different than the Democratic debates. Calling candidates clown or calling their campaign like a common book, trying to force them to talk about fantasy football etc. 

It's a shame we couldn't get an honest debate on policy because of these moderators. 
Glad this came out, I hope they continue to ridicule CNBC for that debacle. 
Now let's just hope they actually turn Star Trek back into Anthropologists in Space.
I am happy that there will be a new Trek series, but deeply unhappy that it will be part of CBS's All Access subscription service (which costs $6 per month) instead of airing on CBS itself. 

I pay what already feels like an obscene amount of money for cable tv, which, of course, includes CBS as a channel. I am not likely to spend another $6 a month just to watch a new Star Trek series, when everything else, I watch through my cable package and DVR.
CBS kills the new Star Trek before its even out.... good job clueless out of touch tv network....
They aren't interested in protecting police officers.  They want to prevent the release of videos that damage the image of the state.  If you have to protect  identities, you can't release videos.
So there's gonna be TWO Walgreens at every intersection now?
As someone who's insurance is accepted at rite aid but not walgreens, this scares me. I can hardly afford my medications as it is. If they are no longer covered by my insurance I might be screwed.
As a pharmacist, fuck this. 

So WAGS buys Rite Aid, and is of course going to close half the RAs becaus they're next door to WAGS and have generally lower volume. 

Then CVS makes even *more* cuts to staff to try to stay on top, **NEVER-FUCKING-MIND** that CVS is already widely considered the worst pharmacy company to work for due to incredibly low budget hours, nigh unattainable metrics, ridiculous programs, and general terribleness on the part of the executive leadership. 

There is already a growing saturation problem in pharmacy. Too many pharmacy schools and not enough jobs. Sure, it's not like other majors, but it's still a growing issue. 

And our *only* "advocacy group", APhA, are just a bunch of jerkoffs in a constant, massive circlejerk that do **absolutely nothing** to ever try to improve the working situation of 67% of the people they presumably represent. 

#FUCK. THIS. 

/rant 
Based on this reasoning, Don Lemon should be fired 200x's over...
I guess I'm old school...I like when the reporters "report" the news not give me their opinions about it.
&gt;in what the officials said was the first attempt in the state to smuggle material into a prison with an unmanned aerial vehicle.

ya sure totally the first attempt not including all those successful ones you didn't notice
I don't think people understand how much money the DEA stands to loose with pot legalisation. Nearly half of all seized drugs is pot. And no other single drug is seized at anywhere near the same volume. Their website shows 74,000+ kilos of pot in 2014.  If it goes federally legal the DEA will no longer have a need to spend money on pot and may very well have to downsize their entire organisation.
Ending the war on drugs would put him out of a job, perhaps all the money that is put into the DEA can then go to programs to actually help people instead of criminalizing them.
&gt;But if you talk about smoking the leaf of marijuana -- which is what people are talking about when they talk about medicinal marijuana...

The fucking DEA Chief thinks you smoke the leaf?  Really?  Really?  

I understand his job is just to say whatever words he's told - the DEA exists to continuously fail - but this wasn't scripted he really thinks this shit.  I think he really thinks people smoke the leaf because that's on all the T-shirts and tattoos and shit.

What a fucking chode.
Here's an idea. Let's define ALL drug use as a MEDICAL issue, and take all 100% of the money spent on the DEA and the drug war at every level and dump it into health care. Many birds with one stone.  
"We can have an intellectually honest debate about whether we should legalize something that is bad and dangerous, but don't call it medicine -- that is a joke."

[A very interesting piece of that history is that only two days before the 1937 marijuana hearings, the American Medical Association (AMA) had just realized that the plant that Congress intended to outlaw was known medically as cannabis, which from 1850 to 1937 had been recorded as being the prime medicine for more than 100 different types of illnesses or diseases in the US pharmacopoeia. Dr James Woodward, who besides being a physician was also an attorney, testified that there wasn’t any real evidence being used to justify the new law and that the whole reason the AMA hadn’t come out against the law sooner was that “marijuana,” the new name given to cannabis by Hearst papers, was always described as a “killer weed from Mexico.”](http://wafreepress.org/article/090304marijuana.shtml )

***

["Look, we understood we couldn't make it illegal to be young or poor or black in the United States, but we could criminalize their common pleasure. We understood that drugs were not the health problem we were making them out to be, but it was such a perfect issue...that we couldn't resist it."](http://www.thomhartmann.com/forum/2012/09/nixons-drug-war-re-inventing-jim-crow-targeting-counter-culture)
- John Ehrlichman, White House counsel to President Nixon on the rationale of the War on Drugs.

FTA: "We can have an intellectually honest debate about whether we should legalize something that is bad and dangerous..."

--------------

No, apparently you can't have an intellectually honest argument, since you are starting with a fucking despicable lie as your premise. What's "bad and dangerous" is morons like you who make a living fucking over honest, hard working people who like to get high.
The DEA chief is a cunt.  I would add more, but this is not a joke.
They are for your safety people.  Just pay the fines you shouldn't owe and thank the government for keeping you safe. 
&gt;The eight men told police that they were just tourists who had been planning to spend a few days in Istanbul and had booked rooms at a hotel, but no reservations were found under their names.

So which was it? Tourist or refugee? Or political motivation to say they were posing as refugees? 
&gt; "Unlike most social media sites, including Facebook, which keep 100% of the profit from the ads displayed on your page, Tsu only keeps 10%. You keep 45%. The chain of friends that invited you to Tsu split the rest.

&gt; That means there's a financial incentive to post on Tsu, invite people to Tsu, and direct people to your Tsu page. There's even incentive to send people to the Tsu pages of the folks who you brought into the Tsu network.

&gt; Your Facebook feed could easily be flooded with Tsu.co links.
And that's exactly what Facebook has encountered. Tsu users were creating fake accounts to boost their pages. Facebook says its users started reporting Tsu.co links as spam, which Facebook defines as 'sending bulk messages, excessively posting links ... and sending friend requests to people you don't know personally.'"

I'm gonna have to go side with Facebook on this one.
&gt;Unlike most social media sites, including Facebook, which keep 100% of the profit from the ads displayed on your page, Tsu only keeps 10%. You keep 45%. The chain of friends that invited you to Tsu split the rest.

Now where have I seen this business model before....... Some sort of trickle down scheme...like a triangle....like a 3d triangle....

&gt;CNNMoney spoke to a dozen Tsu users. Most of them haven't made a dime yet.

How....Odd.

&gt;"You can type in all sorts of seedy websites, and you can get to them. But not us.

Did the owner accidentally refer to his own website as seedy? Because his website is super god damn seedy.
Coloradan here.  80 - 90mph winds everywhere in the state.  103 mph in the mountains.  Trucks are overturning left and right on I-70 all the way out to Kansas.  Lights are flickering, internet is down, phones are out...  No deaths yet, but cats and small children are disappearing left and right.

[Poor reporter.](https://youtu.be/OOqZ4R7YUkc)
Unless they are washing the walls on a regular basis, this is just stupid marketing BS.

Bacteria will live on the dust, dirt, etc that builds up on the surface of the wall.

I mean really, ever swipe a finger on a light fixture? How about the tops of all those chart holders at every door? Sign placards? Or the white boards? Or the phones? Cabinets? Etc, Etc 


(Painting Contractor Here)

Not good for us professional painters.

 Exposure to this paint could turn out to be problematic to the health of the painter and the end users.

Just as Glysophate,the active ingredient in the herbicide Roundup, has been found to disrupt the beneficial bacteria in the gut of humans, this paint may also disrupt balanced gut health.

Your gut wall houses 70 percent of the cells that make up your immune system.

 Your gut houses 500 species and three pounds of beneficial bacteria. 

Anything that kills off the bacteria in your gut harms your immune system.

Toxic overload by occupational exposure to this new paint will turn out to be one big head ache for Sherwin-Williams down the road in a class action law suit.

A closed indoor environment will be polluted by the toxins in the paint just like secondhand smoke...

I wouldn't touch the stuff, a bad idea from the start!

Just saying.
See, I don't care at all about foreign companies buying property and businesses in the US. That said, I'm not super comfortable with China buying companies that effect our environment. Mostly because of how badly they're polluting their own country
Find the connection between the contractors that won the bid and the people that authorized the release of funds. It's not that they don't know what happened. They just don't want to tell the truth.
When I was over there, me and my joint team were tasked with providing security to a "multi-million dollar supreme court complex", described to us as complete with main courthouse, multiple law buildings, a security building, a galley and a forensics lab. 

It was a few bare bones two-story dumps that were already falling apart less than a year out from construction. The courthouse was just a big empty room with chairs in one of the buildings, and the "forensics lab" was an empty building with a long hallway. 

They dumped MILLIONS into that complex. Someone took that money, and some three-star general became a four-star general by putting it on his evaluation. This is what has happened for over a decade and a half in that country. If you go there now I bet you a million-dollar-courthouse that it still looks like one big sprawling construction site. 
All on board for renaming extremists "lovers of death"!

Panel #12: Lovers of death, if God exists, he hated you. And you have already lost, both on earth and in heaven.
[Here is what they posted after the Russian Airliner went down](http://www.mediaite.com/online/sacrilege-russian-officials-blast-charlie-hebdos-plane-crash-cartoons/) killing 224 people.
In the midst of a frenzy of hatred and calls for blood, this cartoonist chose to celebrate love and unity over division. The world could use more people like this.
It's a man-in-the-middle-device, it can intercept, record, manipulate, and block anything between your cell phone and the towers. 

Shit, according to the prism documents, even the towers and the cellphone company have been compromised.
 
And not just by the US government. 

It's a sad reality that we live in. 
I never assumed it could not have recorded calls. 
One of them was me. They have the worst customer service on the face of the earth, which on its own would  have made me quit. It's the fact that I always was finding  the need to call customer service to renegotiate my bill every other month. My bill went up 7 out of 9 months in a row. And not just by a few dollars either. ATT is legal fraud in my book.
I get about an ad a day in the mail each week from AT&amp;T about signing up for U-Verse. I figure if a company has to advertise a product THAT much, it must be a shitty product. Looks like I wasn't wrong.
Former trucking instructor here. 

ELI5: All trucking companies have scores for things like reckless driving, their compliance with records laws, and maintaining their trucks safely. It also includes how many people have been killed in accidents involving the company trucks in the last 24 months. Any company can be searched from the public FMCSA database to view their scores. 

Many companies are beyond "intervention thresholds" for multiple categories of offenses. But only if they score poorly in comparison to their peers. 

Most importantly, [if carriers are over the intervention threshold, they will not be able to haul hazardous materials.](http://www.overdriveonline.com/csa-scores-to-start-playing-a-role-in-hazmat-permitting/) This bill would de-facto remove that upcoming regulation, allowing the 30 percent of most dangerous carrier to continue to haul hazmat, as a result. 
So, the Federal Bureau of Investigation was... investigating a riot in progress?

What's the story here?  That's literally what we pay them to do.  I'd hope our best cops have the best equipment and technology to do their jobs.

Now, if they were investigating people who weren't rioting and had no probable cause to use resources to fly an expensive plane over them to surveil activity, there would be a story.

The headline is literally akin to, "Bricklayer spends afternoon laying bricks using really good mortar"
I'm so sick and tired of these assholes. 
&gt;According to Robin, one of the attackers was wearing an Islamic State t-shirt and another showed a picture of Mohamed Merah, who killed seven people during a 2012 rampage in southern France.

They're literally wearing ISIS T-Shirts and haven't been caught? France needs to get it's police force together, man.
Again, the religion of peace.
Police lie to protect each other

Police lie to protect each other

Police lie to protect each other

Say it over and over and over again.  Most cops don't kill.  But most cops will lie to protect the ones who do.  They are a mafia.
Fake ass "64gb Sandisk SD card" fucking 2gb with a shady firmware that misrepresents itself to the OS as 64gb, but continually rewrites over the same 2gb and corrupts when something larger is dropped onto it. 

smh 
The real headline here is that Chinese goods are nearly up to 60% quality.  That's a big improvement for them.
Make it retroactive to wipe out my debt and we have a deal 

Edit: wow I'm getting a lot of hate in the inbox today, merely a joke my friends. I know how loans work and I make my payments every month. You guy wouldn't  even let me dream about having my debt canceled 
You want to know how awkward some of these students are?  Check out an [interview Neil Cavuto did with one of them](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zmji36q8E4o).  These people have no perspective on how things actually work.  They don't understand that there are consequences to such huge actions such as raising the minimum wage, erasing all student debt, and giving everyone a free bachelor's degree.

For one moment, just consider what the value of a college degree would be if everyone had one.  There's already a ton of competition for high paying jobs in this country.  Now give everyone a college degree and see what happens.
Free tuition and $15 minimum wage so they can protest lack of employment opportunities and high taxes. 
Why not go for more?  Free space shuttles, free ferraris, free Xbox ones, free waverunners...
&gt;Student Protesters Nationwide Demand No Student Debt 

Then don't take on any loans?
After seeing this shit at mizzou and yale and others...fuck these kids. Little shits. 
So the kids they feel are responsible has a dad in the FBI...not surprising they determined no foul play when the circumstances are extremely sketchy. 

And now they are investigating witness intimidation?

I genuinely hope they actually find out what happened to Kendrick Johnson, if there was any foul play he deserves justice and his family deserves to be at peace. 
This man did what everyone says that they will do in those situations and for that he is a hero. Probably knowing that his daughter would have been killed was too much to bare.
&gt; "I'm a good police officer," she told jurors. "This should not have happened to me."

Damn that guy for making her kill him.  He ruined her life.
&gt; The two gunshots were a few seconds apart. Mearkle administered CPR as others arrived.

&gt; In tears, Mearkle said: "This is horrible for me. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry."

&gt; She testified she hopes to return to police work.

&gt; "I'm a good police officer," she told jurors. "This should not have happened to me."

SHE's the victim here. Riiight.
"I felt threatened" is the cop equivalent if "the dog ate my homework."

It's getting old when they use this to justify killing unarmed people.
Honestly, I think we all fear for our safety with her on the streets more than she feared for her safety with him on the ground.
Attn cops: You signed up to risk **your** life to protect **ours**, not the other way around!
Perfect proof showing how cowardly and scared American cops are. I know 2 year olds with more courage. 
In what world is $2,000 restitution for a jaw that's broken in 2 spots and several days of hospitalization?
&gt; In his own cellphone video, Barrett is heard talking about the attack. "The plan is to see if I were to hit a black person, would this be nationally televised?"

I guess you found out, shithead!
Wtf is wrong with people?
What a violent shithead.  I am glad his life is ruined for his violence and stupidity
I am curious, when black teens do this to a white person do they also get prosecuted for hate crimes?  Sometimes it seems like we have a double standard on what constitutes a hate crime.
A horse penis is not a small thing. How did this not get caught beforehand?
Maybe it identified as a mare.
If I remember correctly, the power to admit and relocate political refugees falls under the [Refugee Act of 1980](http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/STATUTE-94/pdf/STATUTE-94-Pg102.pdf), which gives the President and other immigration officers the ability to dictate these kinds of decisions. The state governors can't really do anything about it.
We can't feed, educate, house, or provide affordable health care to the people who already live in this country, ask me again why I don't want refugee's or illegals. 
Most of the Paris attackers were European citizens. Only one is claimed to have come from Syria. This is important to remember. The moment I heard about all this the thing that came to my mind was that people all over the world are going to start scapegoating refugees. It took less then a day. Unfortunately people are more predictable then they let on. 

I've had this argument a lot on here recently and I'm learning reddit has it's mind made up. Whatever. Still, if you start pointing the finger at every refugee from the middle east you are strengthening the narrative of those Islamo-fascist fuckwits. This is how they want you to act. Thousands of people left out in the cold, turned away, demonized for the actions of others solely because of where they are from, that creates resentment. If refugee camps weren't breeding grounds for extremism before they will be now. 

Never mind the adults, you're going to have children being raised as outcasts from the whole of human civilization with only Islamic radicals welcoming them. 

We are giving the bastards what they want. And we'll suffer for it in the long run. 
burqa is a stupid cultural idea imported from arab, IT IS NOT A PART OF THE ISLAMIC REQUIREMENT

Want to wear a burka? Go back to the middle east
This is what happens when you bring thousands and thousands of people who act like it's still the time before christ into countries where the police aren't even armed.
It's just the Russians trying to figure out why their ping in North American servers is so high. 

Putin! Don't Touch Youtube! 
Hopefully they don't run over the American subs taping the lines. 
...by the U.S. ships operating near the vital undersea cables?  This isn't news, this is scare mongering.
I did not understand the title at all.
&gt; "He feels like he is above the law," the now-retired judge said. "He has no integrity. ... His tactic is, when he gets caught, is to say he knows nothing about it or doesn't remember."

But that tactic actually works, doesn't it? Maybe the sheriff is an asshole but also the system is broken. 
If you live in Arizona you should thank those xenophobic racist republicans who keep voting for this guy when its extremely obvious hes costing them 10s of millions of taxpayer money and ruining the reputation of the county. 
How is this not the same as paid prioritization. It has the exact same outcome.
&gt;Shkreli said in a statement that KaloBios plans to go forward with the development of its leukemia treatment.

And it will cost more than the US GDP for a course of treatment.
There's a story about some idiot that shorted the stock at $2.00 or so because it was supposed to go bankrupt. Shkreli basically bought the company overnight, and the stock shot up to $18 overnight, putting the guy over $100k in the hole, and possibly needing to mortgage his home.

ALLEGEDLY (I'm sure it was just some jokester) Shkreli himself donated $5 to the campaign. I know it's sad but it's also kind of funny. The guy is a total sociopath. 

http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2015-11-19/devastated-trader-crushed-soaring-biotech-starts-onling-begging-campaign-fund-106000
[removed]
The system is working as expected. 
1. IMHO law should protect the victims and punish the perpetrator. Is it a crime if there is no victim? Who suffers if some artist paint a picture and other guy will jerk off on it? Pedophilia is bad because it directly harm a child, but in manga, there is no child involved.

2. My second doubt is how to determinate age of fictional character? What if artists add cat ears, and claim that it is an magic species and is already 100 years old? 
Manga means like... *drawings*, i.e. comics. Who are we protecting by banning *drawings*? Banning creative expression gets into thought-police territory. When did progressive society abandon Voltaire? I don't *like* tentacles doing strange things to schoolgirls, but I'll defend your right to draw that if you want. 

Mass murder is considered a horrible crime in our society, rightly so. Yet much of the content of our fiction revolves around it. Should we next go arrest Stephen King and the people who make the Saw movies? Should we ban *Lolita* again? Why are we even having this discussion in 2015?
Love how authorities push on changing things that don't matter instead of real, important shit.
I just find it weird they are banning cartoons at all. It's a cartoon, no real humans were harmed in the making of it. I have to wonder how many of these same people calling for a ban believe in Noah's Ark? I just don't believe in throwing real people in jail for make believe shit. 
*sigh* this debate again... They are fake. They are drawings. No real children are being hurt. No problem here. If you think it is gross, just ignore it, that's your opinion.

It doesn't even make sense because a fictional character's canonical age is determined by the creator. Their "apparent age" is entirely subjective.
They would have to ban 90% of animes as well then
How's about we take a wack at this human trafficking thing before we worry about drawings?


I'm curious which countries in the U.N. Are pushing this... It's already bad enough that several countries do their best to criminalize viewing such things, but to criminalize its production is an awful move.  
While I may not understand the mentality behind writing/reading such things, I know that having an outlet is an important part of keeping many societally unacceptable behaviours at bay.
Stand for freedom of expression Japan. It's a fucking cartoon, lines on paper. No actual child abuse is taking place and while your mulling over this "important issue" real child pornagraphers and abusers are still running free. Stop getting pissy over cartoons and form an international task force against child abuse and human trafficking and actually protect kids.
So, videos of ISIS killing people by burning them alive are allowed to sit on the front page of CNN and Fox News.

But fake children experiencing fake abuse needs to be banned.

This doesn't make sense.
I feel like we owe them after all the nuke testing.
That's the restaurant industry in a nutshell.
Can't help but think all employers would do this if they could get away with it.
"Why didn't you wear a bulletproof face mask at the cash register to avoid being shot in the face during the robbery?"

"Why didn't you stop breathing to not die of smoke inhalation when your house was on fire?"

"Why didn't you keep your children tethered to the house to prevent them from being kidnapped?"

I could go on all day with this one.
I see. She just didn't try hard enough to not get raped. It's her fault.
When people ask why we should be teaching students what consent means, this is why.

Not everyone shares your definition of consent. That may seem unimportant now but just wait until your definition is less important. 
This is what people are talking about when they use the phrase rape culture.
This is huge. John Deere Company was putting forth the idea that when you paid them a quarter of a million dollars for a tractor you were not buying a tractor, but were receiving a "limited license to use" a tractor, because of all the proprietary software embedded in the machine. This just shit canned their whole claim.
So Hollie used marijuana based tea to relieve her labor pains instead of a prescribed pain medication, huh?  So what the fuck is the difference? 
This is gonna be big, weed is a traffic ticket in ohio, no way a judge can take away a child over a charge equivalent of a traffic ticket. 
Barbaric. Anyone who fights the drug war should be ashamed. 
It would be interesting to see how fast they processed that change after they received notice, compared to processing time for an actual request for health care. 
Umm, I think the VA would know better than him whether he's alive or not. Fucking zombies trying to scam the government for benefits. It's always the same old story.
[deleted]
Just heard on NPR that it is official. No Keystone XL pipeline.
I'm not so sure if you can call this a "major victory for environmentalists" as the NY Times does.

The alternative to pipelines is NOT "nothing." The alternative is rail. And rail is even less safe than pipeline. Numerous crude-by-rail derailments have occurred in the past few years, in one case destroying an entire town in Canada. This fact seems lost on many.

I'm probably wrong, but many cities (Chicago, Jackson, Baltimore, etc) have been seeing uncharacteristically high homicides.


It leads me to wonder if movements like Ferguson, Tamir, Blacklivesmatter, Mizzou, white priveledge, etc have so drastically shifted the conversation within the African American community that gang/intercity/black-on-black crime has gone utterly ignored.



No "victim blaming" or racism here. Just wondering whether the prioritization is where it should be. Lots of poor kids being killed in the senseless violence in these cities as well.
[deleted]
To be fair, people are awesome at destroying the environment. We haven't quite figured out how to be equally awesome at *repairing the damage*. 

The EPA really fucked up, but, let's not pretend that their fuck up was worse than the initial contamination. 

We only have one Earth so far... we should probably take better care of it than a college fraternity does their fraternity house. 
Someone who is a diversity officer posted KillAllWhitemen?

Why do I feel like she must suffer from some Orwellian doublethink?  

War is peace, freedom is slavery, ignorance is strength, Welfare and valuing diversity is KillingAllWhitemen.  Calling someone white trash means she was bullied?
Dear mods, I have changed the title to offer some context to the average redditor. I hope it is neutral enough to not be removed, thanks.
So am I getting this new millenial thing right- You become a racist to stop racism? Am I getting this right? If so you fuckers need to drop out an get McJobs.
Diversity officer? What a joke universities have become now. 
As a white male I can't help feeling a bit silly for going like "yeah, I fully support equality and diversity, even when you're blaming me for other people's problems and wish I'd die". Sure, there are probably white supremacist guys out there, but grouping the rest white males to them will only lead you losing all the sympathy of a group that's actually donating and supporting the original good cause.
The oldest child of the 4 (left alone in the house by the parents)....was 5 years old.

Seems like the parent/parents will go to prison and these kids are going to end up in foster care.
Well, that's enough internet forever.
Doesn't sound like a very good parent to me! They both had to go get pizza? Sketchy
No way, the mom or the boyfriend accidentally killed the kid and set it up to blame the kids. 

Calling it now. 
Did they really have to use a stock photo of an oven right at top of article.....little disturbing
And the two toddlers who did this and the sleeping five year old are all in foster care because even though granny is in the same complex, they couldn't find a suitable relative to leave the children with.  I hope that the grandmother is just sickly, and not that this family dynamic is going to continue.  
"When Racquel Thompson, the children's mother, returned home from going out with her boyfriend to get takeout pizza and pick up a prescription, she attempted CPR, but it was too late."


Pills. 
Single mother of 4, ages 19 months, two that were 3, and one that was 5 ... goes out with her boyfriend and leaves the kids home alone.

Bitch should be put in jail and her kids taken from her. And add extra time to a jail sentence for naming a kid "J'Zyra".
I found this out a couple hours ago and I'm just now starting to calm down. Chris used to be like a brother to my wife and me. I spoke to him last about a week ago. I can't wrap my head around him doing something like this... His son Jeremy was autistic and an amazing child. I still have hand-me-down clothes from Jeremy for my child in his dresser. I don't quite know how to process this. I don't think he will be able to live with himself.
From the article:

&gt; According to State Police, city marshals in Marksville shot at a vehicle at the end of a pursuit. The driver of the vehicle that was fleeing the scene is in critical condition, and a 6-year-old was killed in the shooting. 

This isn't the first time an innocent bystander is shot and killed in a police shooting where police shot at/into a vehicle. 

Unless shooting the vehicle is absolutely necessary for public safety then we should be discouraging this kind of thing. 

From their statement;

&gt; The child was shot and killed after his alleged father was running from police and then put the vehicle in reverse striking the police unit. Officers, allegedly, got out of their vehicle and started shooting into the SUV striking the child multiple times and hitting the father twice.

This sounds like the police officers were upset and trying to get their guy at the expense of public safety. 
So what's stopping refugees (who may or may not be radicalized) from simply relocating to Michigan once they enter the country?  

This is political grandstanding, nothing more.  If these refugees want to live in Michigan, they're going to end up in Michigan.  

If a terrorist mixed in with the refugees ends up on US soil and is hellbent on attacking Detroit, he's going to attack Detroit.  

There's really nothing you can do to stop refugees from ultimately settling wherever they want to settle short of barring them from entering the US entirely, which isn't going to happen.  Once they're on US soil, there's nothing you can do to stop them from living where they want to live.


Why all the mass importation of refugees? How is this a sane policy to absorb entire populations of third-world hellholes without verifying these peoples' identities?   
This same cop was also implicated in excessive force against a army soldier. The claim was that he got all upset when the soldier called him dude and then proceeded to throw him to the ground and empty a can of pepper spray in his face. Also the video of this shot by his gf was deleted by his cop buddy after he allegedly said "get that black bitch". This is one I those guys who should never be allowed to be a cop again. 
&gt;  “It was important to point out that the students sitting there in the library at the computers represented this greater degree of ignorance, apathy and privilege that you see at Dartmouth"


I've been getting it all wrong up till now. I thought the movement was about *not* judging people by their looks
&gt;*“However, I have a problem with the protest being made to look like a spectacle by the students who were recording videos of it in the library,” Campbell said."*

"I dislike people posting video proof of how horribly we were behaving."

**ftfy**
&gt; Some reports claim that demonstrators are being named on Yik Yak 
and other social media sites, and that this creates a potentially unsafe situation for those people, Remy said.

This is adorable.
Vice provost for student affairs Inge-Lise Ameer was in attendance at the meeting, and she apologized to students who engaged in the protest for the negative responses and media coverage that they have received.

“There’s a whole conservative world out there that’s not being very nice,” Ameer said.


Sigh....the administration actually apologized to the PROTESTERS because the media wasn't "nice" to them.  

Truly thru the rabbit hole.  If you want to know why these shenanigans keep happening it's because the schools encourage it.
&gt;Many of the demonstrators then approached the sitting students and chanted “Fk your white privilege” and “F**k your white asses,” demonstrator Dan Korff-Korn ’19 said.

&gt;Many white students were angered by the protest and the language used, but the protest should not be labeled as a hate crime or racist, Tramonte said.

&gt;Comments such as “F*** your white privilege” were not personal or racist attacks on individual white persons in the library, Diakanwa said.

To me, F**k your white asses sounds pretty damn racist on individual white people in the library. There also seemed to be a lot of hate towards white people.


“Fk your white privilege” and “Fk your white asses,”

"Many white students were angered by the protest and the language used, but the protest should not be labeled as a hate crime or racist, Tramonte said."


Well, hey...if just yelling racial slurs at people is cool, why are we losing our shit over a "poop swastika" and "offensive" Halloween costumes?

Of course no student is going to file a complaint. They'd be targeted the rest of the time they are there.
Who fucking cares? You had ethnic group x actively harassing and berating ethnic group y on campus with volatile racial hate speech, and you have the larger organizations for group x backing them, saying that the hate was "justified" or that it "wasn't that bad." 

News flash, it was far worse. These "protestors" have become the exact thing that they claim to hate, but what makes it worse is that this behavior, and their mentality, is damn well nearly state sponsored. Every single person who entered that library and disrupted the students in there should be held accountable. Similarly, any person who actively participated in the racial hate speech should be made an example of, which should include trespassing charges (if non-students), and immediate suspension and/or expulsion (if students). What was done in that library was notably, by leaps and bounds, worse than what was recorded at OU by SAE. 
Lots of people won't make official reports because they don't want to put their head above the parapet, it will just make them targets.  

I wonder if the library had been invaded by white students screaming obscenities at black students that included references to their colour if it would have been considered a hate crime and racist?  Pretty sure it would and the culprits would be identified and punished.

Of course the university doesn't want the bad publicity that goes with punishing this moronic stunt so nothing will happen and it will be swept under the carpet.
If there is a Hell, you've got first class tickets and valet parking my friend.
The profession seems to attract psychos who love to abuse power.  
Just to be clear - the "hard hit" to the NFL isn't the information regarding CTE, since the information is widely known and being studied already.

The "hard hit" has to deal with the NFL's stance and denial of scientific findings, and how the NFL tried to skirt around the subject instead of facing it "head-on" (pun intended).
I love football as much as the next guy but this shit has to stop. The NFL is turning into a cult like culture. They basically have free reign to do anything they want with little to no reprocussions, that billion dollar settlement on head injuries was a drop in the bucket to them. 
...and hopefully to under 18 football
Restore bee population,  rehabilitate prisoners.  Seems like a win-win to me. 
And what classes are these replacing in the undergrad curriculum? Are they being added in addition to existing classes? Did employers tell Michigan that the students they're hiring lack understanding of diversity? Seems like a load of shit to me. At the school I graduated from they're cutting requirements like this in favor of more practical classes for a students major, which makes a lot of sense to me. 
At the risk of inviting downvotes, I really don't see the point of this.  I'm going to university to study my preferred subject (which has nothing to do with this), not to learn about identity.  I'm also somewhat offended that certain minority groups have been left out of this course, but that's neither here nor there.  
These "courses" simply lecture white males and try to burden them with the amount of guilt appropriate for having white skin and a penis. They also tend to breed resentment, because who likes to sit around and be lectured for being "privileged"?
We live in a global economy where we must compete with talent from abroad.  So while we will be studying and implementing social justice concepts, our competitors such as China are studying and training to become proficient contributors in the marketplace.  This does not end well for us folks.
People can no longer deny the cultural marxism.
Oh look. More garbage SJW. And now it's mandatory!
And so begins the campaign of harassment against Stolarik. He'll be "reaching for his waistband" in no time.
Finally, The LDS church is doing something truly positive for the children of same-sex couples!
Former believing Mormon.  Apart from being discriminatory, here's why you should care about this.

The LDS church (Mormons) stresses individual freedom to choose a lot (ironic, I know).  They teach that men will be punished for their own sins, not for their parents' sins or for "original sin."  They also teach that baptism into the Mormon church is essential to be saved in the highest heaven.  This policy is remarkably inconsistent with what they profess to believe.  You shouldn't feel sorry for the kids that won't be Mormon because of this.  They're lucky.  But the Mormon church keeps doing these things and they are harmful.  The pressure to stay in the church, especially if you were raised in it, is immense.  People are afraid to voice their doubts or criticize leaders because of social repercussions.  Enough is enough.  Spread the word.  Invite a Mormon you know to read the [CES Letter](http://www.cesletter.com) and help them to start seeing the inconsistencies.
On the one hand, the neighbor didn't move in the neighborhood knowing it would be a tourist attraction ever year. 

On the other hand, the kid has all his permits, so the neighbor needs to grow a fucking pair.
So, the city or some business needs to donate an empty lot for the project every year. 

The kid gets space to do an even bigger, better haunted house and the neighbour gets some quiet and hell, the local used car saleman can get advertising for sponsoring a "we'll match whatever the kid raises for charity".

Tell me why this has to be a zero-sum game?
Just read the article. He got all the permits. The neighbor keeps appealing. 
So..... they want to reintroduce segregation?
Separate spaces... At the school where the national guard was literally called in to force them to not have separate spaces based on race. Have these kids never seen Forrest Gump?
As a person of color I have to say this. If you want to live in a bubble or work in a bubble or worship in a bubble thats your right but thats not college. College is where you go TO learn about life outside of your environment, where you go broaden your knowledge and worldview. College by its very nature is supposed to be an intellectual unsafe space. Embrace it and grow then if you choose to retreat... all the better for having ventured out in the first place.

Edit: Thank you for the gold.
Fuck it, lets give them their own schools, busses, and water fountains.  That worked out well last time right?
Williams also called for mandatory diversity training for the administration.

"You cannot tell me that you stand for us and then you're over here pulling doors assaulting us," Williams said, referencing a moment during Friday's demonstration where the women said a UA employee attempted to cross their barrier and then threatened to call campus police. "Your actions speak louder than your words, so obviously there needs to be more done about that as well."

_________________________________________________

This burns me up so bad.  Maybe this was an hourly paid employee that needed to be "on the clock" at 8 am.  Trying to get to your job on time isn't assault.  I look forward to all this diversity training I'll be having to do!!!!

EDIT:  Sorry I don't know how to format stuff on here.  
"Programs based on race."

What? Why does that seem backwards...
So their demanding things that are separate, but equal? Interesting. 
as an alabamian and a white person, i am not afforded the plethora of grant money to attend college as most of these people were and it was simply based on race. 
If they want a reality check, compare their GPA and test scores with asian and white students.
[removed]
"Incidents of terror are woven into the fabric of the college experiences of every minority on every campus nationwide"

This is what happens when kids don't get spanked as children.
An avidity to punish is always dangerous to liberty. It leads men to stretch, to misinterpret, and to misapply even the best of laws. He that would make his own liberty secure must guard even his enemy from oppression; for if he violates this duty he establishes a precedent that will reach to himself.
	
- Thomas Paine

And this is how it spreads. Soon everyone will be on a list and Liberty will no long exist. We now have Registries for sex offenders, animal abuser, drug dealer, domestic abusers and gang members. It will continue. You allowed them to open the flood gates and now there is no stopping them. 

Experience should teach us to be most on our guard to protect liberty when the government's purposes are beneficent. Men born to freedom are naturally alert to repel invasion of their liberty by evil-minded rulers. The greatest dangers to liberty lurk in insidious encroachment by men of zeal, well-meaning but without understanding.

Louis D. Brandeis

Wake up America, before it's too late. 
Am I the only one that thinks it's weird that to request the samples be destroyed you have to fill out a form and mail it to the database center?  It feels like it would be a more honest process if you requested destruction at the time of the test, and then the hospital destroyed it instead of sending it along to the center who may or may not honor your request when they receive it in the mail.
I have yet to find a single god damn reason on Google for why they were after him in the first place. One article said the police claimed they were serving a warrant, but:

&gt;Yet neither the city’s clerk of court or the Avoyelles Parish District Attorney's Office reported any pending warrants on Few, according to KATC-TV. And “there was no exchange of gunfire” and “no gun found in that vehicle,” Edmonson said at the press conference.

I hope they make a fucking example out of those pieces of shit and hand them some real God damn time.
Cops hang him off a bridge and threaten his family to get a confession, I really wish I didn't believe that.
Disgusting that cops dangled him off a bridge to get a confession. Those cops should each spend 29 years in jail.
That's most of a lifetime. There is no amount of money that can make up for that. The statute of limitations should not have expired. The crime continued until the day he was released. Lock the cops up and everyone else that conspired in this crime. 
It's not all of them, it's some. Some of them are like this guy:

&gt; Jamel Alam, a 35-year-old from Eritrea, is one of those who thinks the accommodation is fine.

&gt;He moved into a cabin with his wife and children on the first night.

&gt;"We are happy to be here and maybe, somehow, we can build up our lives again," Alam says.
"We don't like to stay in the woods, it's not our way," says Waez.

Then go back to where you came from and your way.
Cold and dark seems a whole lot better than living under ISIS.
Man these people can go fuck themselves. You don't flee to an area then refuse the refuge you receive. No wonder they are met with so much distaste 
&gt;"But we stayed and the first hour was okay, but then it began to get dark -– so dark that I couldn't see my hand in front of my face," says Hadeel Waez, Abdullah's 25-year-old sister.

Then flip on the f*cking light switch on your free, clean cabin with running water and heat, two bedrooms, a toilet and shower, a kitchen with an oven, a refrigerator and a microwave, and a washing machine and television located in an area with pristine nature, tranquil forest and clean air.

&gt;"But we stayed and the first hour was okay, but then it began to get dark -– so dark that I couldn't see my hand in front of my face," says Hadeel Waez, Abdullah's 25-year-old sister.  

What is this the first time they've seen night time?  

Fucking complainers.  Go back and fight for your own country if you don't like the conditions you fled to.  
[deleted]
&gt;"We don't like to stay in the woods, it's not our way," says Waez.

Too bad, time to be adults and deal with it or go back to your way. But I think there was a reason you left "your way". If not, go back, no one will miss your childish attitudes. 
Too frightened? Did these people come out of the near east or the thirteenth century? Come on. The only thing these guys are frightened of is getting left off the European welfare train.
&gt; The accident happened at 4:50 p.m. on Morris Park Avenue near Radcliffe Avenue when a driver, who may have suffered a seizure, lost control of his car.

Can you lose your driver's license if you have seizures?

If you *do* have seizures, living in an urban area should make it very reasonable for you to rely on public transit, as compared to a rural area.
I'm actually amazed people are trying to defend this one. It's the most obvious unjustified police shooting I have ever seen.

This shows these people will just blindly defend the cops no matter what.
No *honest*, rational, logical, person with at least one firing synapse could possibly watch that video and call the shooting justified. 

The people saying otherwise have an agenda, and they are the type of people who will look you in the eye and lie to your face regardless of the evidence. Mostly cops and lawyers.
&gt; Jeansonne also said that while Few's condition is improving, he has not yet been told that his son died at the scene.

I died a little inside after reading that.

&gt; The possibility that the officers could post bond and be released Monday, despite the murder charges, didn't sit well with some townspeople who gathered outside the jail.

And then some more.
I remember as a child I always felt comfort when I saw police nearby. Now all I feel is paranoia. 
Hopefully they fry those cops who murdered him and the cops who lied &amp; covered up for the cops who murdered him. 
Murder, it's called a murder.
As reddit should have learned by now. Especially in church burnings that appear obviously hate related, we should withhold judgements and assumptions until evidence comes out. 

Otherwise you get the thread about the st Louis church burnings where everyone blamed white supremicists with no evidence and it turned out to be a black guy.


This is sickening, not all Muslims are terrorist, most just want a life of peace at least that was my experience in Iraq.
This oppression is so sad. 
&gt;Corey Jones, 31, was shot to death in October by Raja, who stopped his unmarked van to check on what he thought was an abandoned vehicle and was "suddenly confronted by an armed subject," police chief Stephen Stepp has said.

I don't understand wtf this cop expected when he pulled up in his *personal vehicle*, while *not in uniform*. If you're that scared to assess the situation reasonably, **don't *fucking* stop** in the first place. 

IMHO, he needs to be in jail. 
The [Union is already busy trying to get his job back too](http://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/union-working-officers-job-back-fatal-shooting-35173095).
Only those with an agenda think PP is breaking the law or at least hope so
Texas Rejects Arabic Numerals in Math Textbooks.
This is very simple. If experts are allowed to vet text books, there is a greater chance that the far right won't be able to push their agenda into classrooms. Some actual learning could possibly occur. 

We can't have that. Young voters might actually start asking why the rich need lower taxes.
This could force insurers to look at the real issue, and that is cost containment.  Maybe it is not that Obamacare is not paying enough, but instead the services that they cover are too expensive.  

That is what the governments do in nations where they are the only insurers.  
They are closing because they never had enough people sign up, and this has been a known problem since day one. Sorry that young and healthy people don't want to pay out the ass to subsidize old and sick people.
Pretty sure Obamacare will eventually cause a serious healthcare crisis. Having insurance does not equate to better healthcare. Particularly when you consider that nobody can afford these deductibles *and you still have to battle with insurers to get expenses covered.*
Along with ADD and many other conditions. 
&gt; charged with aggravated discharge of a firearm  

For shooting at a cop?  If any regular citizen did that, then they would have attempted murder charges.  What in the absolute fuck
&gt;Gorman initially refused to take a Breathalyzer test, but more than five hours later Internal Affairs investigators required him to submit to the test for administrative purposes. His blood-alcohol content was .07

They tried to give him 5 hours to sober up.  Figure he was probably close to a .2.
&gt;According to data compiled by the Citzens Police Data Project, Gorman has had 22 complaints filed against him during his career on the force.



Guy sounds like a career criminal.
This is the most 2015 thing to ever happen.

Morbidly obese women in skimpy costume (because 2015) takes the whole bucket of candy

She's being recorded of course (because 2015) 

Its immediately spreads through every corner of social media (because 2015)

The news reports it, because news comes from social media now (because 2015) 

When confronted with her new found infamy, she revels in the attention and thinks of herself as a celebrity with a fanclub (because 2015) 
I never want to piss off the internet.  There are some crazy smart motherfuckers out there.
fat pig unashamed - check    


sassy and proud - check     

quotes scripture and prays - check!


Genuine ignorant white trash single mom folks..move on.
&gt; Dear God Heavenly Father, bless this girl and get the heck off this house.

Once it's clear that you're a POS the religious defense is your best option - no way you can argue on the merits.
People don't seem to understand you can just go buy that candy at the store, and it's not that expensive.  Like whole bags of it, just for you.  Yum.  Don't be a douche, go buy your own.
She probably doesn't see it as a problem,  most ignorant people don't know they are ignorant.  I hope that candy rots her teeth out.  
It bothers me that we have plenty of money to arrest every pot head, and buy tanks for the police but somehow we don’t have the money to test rape kits. This makes no sense to me I bet if you asked most people who they want put away in a cage, rapists come before pot heads.
I wish more people would pay attention to this Highway Funding Bill.  There is also a part of it giving the tax collection to debt collection companies instead of the IRS.  Anyone who has ever had to deal with debt collection agencies should be very concerned about them having your tax return information.
"If you don't want to pay taxes you should leave!"

"We're taking away your ability to leave!" 
Good thing congress is more concerned about average citizens paying taxes than large corporations. I bet almost no corporations are hiding any money overseas and not paying taxes on it. /s
"Human beings are the only creatures on earth that claim a God and the only living thing that behaves like it hasn't got one."

-  Hunter S. Thompson

Why are people focusing on the count?? She was TWELVE. 
I'm a little doubtful of that number. Obviously she went through a horrible experience and everything but you really think you could find someone to bang an underage prostitute every 30 minutes 7 days a week for four whole years?
The protesters overplayed their hand. Remember folks, quit while you're ahead.
she really deserves to be held accountable for her actions. Her behavior was not on private property or personal time but she acted in her capacity as university employee, on university property, using university resources, during a university event. 
Good. I heard the professor who didn't cancel a test today and told the student to come in (even though the school didn't cancel classes) was forced to resign. Not good.
Am I understanding this wrong or did they really imply that they need to ask permission from Black student organizations if they want to protest racism?

This shit has spiraled into such a caricature of itself I'm never sure if these articles are serious or satire...
Translation: Only blacks can orchestrate protests around race issues and equality.
I'm applying here for graduate schools, so disheartening. I was reading "How to win friends and influence people" and it was describing how the greatest human need is to feel important. 

Yeah so I can understand why people victimize themselves.

That being said. GROW up, you're in college. I'm brown and I'm so embarrassed for these people.
&gt;the group was uncertain if they were allowed to cross the street at about 2:30 a.m. and called out to Austin police officers who were standing nearby. When the officers didn't respond, they proceeded to cross.

This is some Harold and Kumar-type bullshit
Remember guys: it's "Just a few bad apples."

EDIT: Don't worry. The department is going to do an investigation on itself. I'm sure that'll be a quick one, since it looks like most of them were there.
"well, their doing thier Job."



Somes up every fucking moron that accepts this bullshit

A bunch of people seem to be doing this and not dying yet the article says the medical examiners estimate she died in seconds. So are they suggesting she died from shock or did she go into shock and subsequently freeze? They do suggest only the girl who died knows what happened and obviously she was frozen after 10 hours but that one line confused me. 
I did eight winters in north-central Minnesota. That's enough cryotherapy for me.
These 10 teams were paid the most for their salutes to the troops:

Atlanta Falcons $879,000
New England Patriots $700,000
Buffalo Bills $650,000
Minnesota Wild $570,000
Baltimore Ravens $534,500
New Orleans Saints $472,875
San Diego Chargers $453,500
Seattle Seahawks $453,500
Atlanta Braves $450,000
Indianapolis Colts $420,000
This is why DoD needs a 600 billion dollar budget. 
Every single year. Time to set your clocks back and simultaneously read about the false Halloween candy scares. ATTENTION PARENTS: some mystery drug dealer is going to hand out thousands of dollars ecstasy to your kiddos!
###DRUGS ARE EXPENSIVE
##No one gives that shit away.
Dragged is a very diplomatic way of saying what he did. He basically powerbombs her and her desk to the floor before the dragging. No doubt the student should've listened to the teacher, but there's no need to physically abuse someone who is simply being noncompliant but not a threat.

It should also be mentioned that the race issue is primarily coming up because the deputy is currently involved in a lawsuit that alleges he deliberately targeted black students for discipline.
&gt; The sheriff's department said no one was hurt during the confrontation, which was captured on cellphones by several students and posted online. One student said it all started when the girl pulled out her cellphone and refused her math teacher's request to hand it over during class.
 
Which is a perfectly reasonable response when someone demands you hand them an expensive multi-hundred dollar piece of personal property that contains sensitive personal info. 

What isnt reasonable is A) calling law enforcement to respond when a kid doesnt want to hand over their personal property, and B) Law enforcement actually responding to this nonsense and responding with violence 

This seems like a case of people who have a tiny modicum of authority which has gone to their heads and deluded them into thinking this is an okay and appropriate response to someone who challenged their authority 

and then theres this: 

&gt; A second student who verbally objected to the girl's treatment also was arrested.

soo...if you simply question authoritarian violence, you get locked in a cage. Yeah, that seems okay in the United States in 2015. Reject violence and get kidnapped and locked in a cage....

Eating at a restaurant, studying abroad, having a good time...then gone in the blink of an eye. 


Live every day to the fullest 
Fellow design student from Long Beach here, I didn't know her personally but did greet her occasionally whenever I saw her in the hallway. Her projects were damn fine and her work as a TA was tremendously helpful last year. What horrible timing too, everyone in the department's about to go into crunch-mode now that we have about four weeks left in the semester; we didn't ask for this.
Can someone going to the school give us a better perspective? Maybe I'm missing something here, but all of these incidents seem to be like one or two people shouting racial slurs. Hardly a "culture of racism."

Like what realistically is the president supposed to do about that? There has to be more to this story than this?

I have been reading about this and don't quite get it, based on the facts out there.  This article outlines the problems, http://www.columbiamissourian.com/news/higher_education/racial-climate-at-mu-a-timeline-of-incidents-so-far/article_0c96f986-84c6-11e5-a38f-2bd0aab0bf74.html , but I am not sure why Tim Wolf is under fire for it.  The worst he has done is not got out of his car when they surrounded it and didn't "resolve issues" with him in a meeting Oct 27th.  Perhaps there is more, but it seems week at best.  Based on this, the only bad things that have happened have been a black dean was called a slur by a passing car 9/12, a young man in the park said some racial slurs and walked away 10/5, and a poop swastika in a bathroom 10/24.   All hearsay at best with no evidence, other than this, it has just been escalation by the 1950 group on campus.  I'm sorry, it just doesn't make sense.  There are shitty people out there who say bad things and are bad.  No one who did something bad was necessarily even part of the campus for all we know, yet they are under fire for being awful.  One article mentioned during their sit in a truck with confederate flags went by which they took as a sign of intimidation.  Its Missouri, like half the trucks look like that.  WTF
When I was an undergrad people protested waterboarding and human rights violations in Iraq. 


Now students are upset because someone made a swastika out of poop, and the university president didn't stop to talk to protesters who tried to block a parade.


&gt;The ConcernedStudent1950 protest organization has demanded Wolfe be removed and that the university overhauls the way it handles racial harassment. The group also demands an awareness curriculum and an increase of black faculty and staff to 10% by the academic year 2017-2018


This is where I take issue.  This is not how the real world works.  IMHO this group is not qualified to decide who the President of a major University is, and demanding 10% increase in black faculty is laughably racist.  Why should a certain amount of faculty be chosen based on skin color? I am all for fighting for rights and making positive changes in outdated systems, but this sort of childish approach probably won't accomplish either of those things. 
&gt; "He has not only enabled a culture of racism since the start of his tenure in 2012, but blatantly ignored and disrespected the concerns of students."

How many incidents are needed for this to be called a "culture of racism"?  Two?  That's it??
Life imitates South Park.
They're allowing our veterans access to a schedule 1 drug! Highly addictive with no medical value! How irresponsible. And on Veterans Day of all days.

Edit: /s
From an old post of mine. The world is a very different place than it used to be.

Just as a point of reference. I tried to look at how much things have changed over the years. Used 1971 because it was a good 2 generations ago and I could find mortgage interest rates for back then. I used the University of Minnesota because I could find their tuition rates. 

Used 2014 dollars for everything. Assumed all parties went to college. For the 1971's, I assumed they paid the full tuition. For the 2014's I assumed they paid HALF of the posted tuition. Used resident undergrad tuition rates, cost of 4 annual years.  Used years 67-71 for '71s and 10-14 for '14s. Used young men (ages 25-34) and young families (ages 25-34). Assumed property taxes are at 1.5% of value of house and insurance is .75% of value of house. Held this constant for 1971 and 2014. For young men, I had them buying a house that cost 60% of the median at the time. For young families I had them buying a house that cost 80% of the median at the time.

Young Men|Income|House Price|Down Payment|Monthly PITI|Pct. of Income to PITI|Cost Of Tuition                      
:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--                            
1971|$44,646|$86,000|$17,200|$655|17.6%|$8,000   
2014|$36,097|$170,000|$34,000|$950|31.6%|$23,500

Young Families|Income|House Price|Down Payment|Monthly PITI|Pct. of Income to PITI|Cost Of Tuition                      
:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--                            
1971|$53,522|$115,000|$23,000|$875|19.6%|$16,000     
2014|$53,477|$227,000|$45,400|$1,267|28.4%|$47,000                      

Sources:

https://www.census.gov/hhes/www/income/data/historical/families/ (Table P-11)

https://www.census.gov/hhes/www/income/data/historical/people/ (Table P-8)

http://www.oir.umn.edu/static/tuition/TuitionUMNTC.pdf

http://www.freddiemac.com/pmms/pmms30.htm

https://www.census.gov/construction/nrs/pdf/uspricemon.pdf

Mortgage Calc: http://www.mlcalc.com/
23 and living with parents. It seems to me like a blessing I disguise.
30 years ago 1 out of every 3  25 year old Americans OWNED their own house.  
And they say our generation has it good. 
We are the generation that got fucked by the previous generations, that did not see nor cared about the future.
&gt;The father said Thursday he had wanted Summers sent to prison with a plea deal so that the child would not have to recount the ugly details in a trial. But the girl insisted on testifying.

&gt;"She needed to make sure that this guy never had the hope of ever getting out again so he could hurt someone else," the victim's father said.

This young girl has some tremendous strength.
Kudos to the court for the "without the possibility of parole" part. For way too long the sentences for these types of heinous crimes against kids have come with far too light a sentence.
&gt; "This monster, and he is a monster. He is a danger to everybody. If he ever gets out again, he will do it again."

Exactly right.. it makes me sick to see how many convicted rapists/molesters are put back on the streets on parole.  Glad to see this one will not have that chance.  There's no rehab for these creatures.
And the 10 year old girl got a life sentence of therapy and failed relationships... the guy got off easy
Every time I read something about conversion therapy, this comes to mind:

[Gay Conversion Therapists Claim Most Patients Fully Straight By The Time They Commit Suicide ](http://www.theonion.com/article/gay-conversion-therapists-claim-most-patients-full-38406)
Notice they didn't cancel it because it's "bigoted, homophobic, and wrong" they only canceled it because of "negative publicity". Which means if they hadn't gotten the negative publicity, they would have happily gone through with it.
Conversion therapy is illegal in a few states (CA, NJ, IL, OR, and the District of Columbia). Hopefully it will become illegal in Utah and all the other states in the near future.
This type of stuff used to be local news. It impacts the country in no way whatsoever, but people have an agenda.
Bin Ladin said the same bullshit after 9/11. Something like "the rain of planes has only just begun." 

It's just another tactic in the playbook. They most likely shot their wad here for a while. 
Spraying bullets into a crowded street seems like the cheap, cowardly act of a group of people who don't have the power to exert authority through anything other than a sucker-punch.  
  
Hopefully the west learned its lesson in the Iraq/Afghanistan quagmire, and won't respond with an endless land-invasion of the last country these guys were in.
additional info from npr site

"The bill — called the American Security Against Foreign Enemies Act of 2015, or the American SAFE Act of 2015 — would require the secretary of Homeland Security, the head of the FBI and the director of national intelligence to sign off on every individual refugee from Iraq and Syria, affirming he or she is not a threat.

The FBI director would also need to confirm that a background investigation, separate from the Homeland Security screening, had been conducted on each refugee."

[Source](http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2015/11/19/456651251/house-votes-to-increase-security-checks-on-refugees-from-iraq-syria)
why are people so upset at the US when other countries flat out said no?
How is not letting people in that haven't had backgrounds or identities verified controversial nowadays. Seriously reddit get your head out of your buns.
This bill is a little late to the party. Navient has been robocalling for a couple years now...

(source: I am currently paying off two Navient student loans totalling ~$80k)
Can we have at least the same policy as a night club .... Wow you're just a group of dudes with no women yeah no thank you I'm sure there's another bar you guys can go to but this is a dance club
Not sure if this is a win for Alabama or the refugees. 
Here's hoping for a mass re-industrialization of the US automotive industry.
I guess they haven't heard about Florida.
This is pretty funny. As a Texan, I now want a "Det Var Helt Texas" t-shirt.
If you live in the U.S., you already know how that happened. 
It is not appropriate to name McDonalds over Tyson chicken's practices
Damn. This guy was completely innocent. How are these cops not in jail??
&gt; All three officers used accrued leave time instead of serving their suspensions.

So they were not punished at all, as usual.
Instead of lawsuits being paid by the cities involved, why not take it out of the police pension fund? Seems to me if every serving cop and every retired cop took a hit to the wallet for these kinds of behaviors they would church themselves up all on their own. Bexar county has fired 14 of their deputy sheriffs so far this year. 

Edit: bexar county sentence added
He complied with everything the officers told him yet they still hit him until they paralyzed him? What is wrong with them in their head.

I know he was not guilty, but even if he was no one should have to go through such a beating for those simple charges.

Also, what I love the most is that they arrested the other guy they were after without doing anything to him. Seriously, what the fuck.
This is terrifying for humanity... one minute you are minding your own business, the next you are being beaten to paralysis (or in other cases, shot to death) by cops due to mistaken identity and overaggression. Cops have killed almost a thousand unarmed and innocent people in the U.S. this year with virtually no accountability, but if ISIL had done the same we would have gone into a trillion dollar war. 
An people wonder why many people have no sympathy when a cop gets shot. It is like when we see isis has been hurt..good. 
Canada, along with other western countries are MUCH more likely to end high risk birth with an abortion. Skewing both their infant and maternal mortality rates.
Childbirth also costs *at least* twice as much in the US as in Canada.

Double the cost and double the mortality rate. We're literally paying out the ass to die on a table.
I remember the first six times we saw this headline.
What? I was planning my next vacation there! I was going to go waterboarding....
The girl's response:

&gt;"This action of posting a post like this on facebook for everyone to see before investigation isolated and excluded blind people on this campus who also face discrimination."

I love it.
&gt;The violation of a place that in many ways is the **sole home for Black students** is deplorable. As many of us sit in grief, recognize that these types of actions are what we speak of when we note the reality of **exclusion and isolation of students of color** and specifically Black students on our campus.  
  
The poop left on the steps of the building we created to isolate black students from the rest of the university is the reason why black students feel isolated from the rest of the university.  
This was the funniest thing I've read all day, gotta give it to the author for calling out how ridiculous the whole situation was 
&gt;Racist poop!

&gt;RACIST POOP!

&gt;WE'VE GOT RACIST POOP!

Finally foxsports is doing something to court my demographic.
Props to mom.  Hopefully she recovers.
Defend yourselves. Don't be victims. 
&gt;Descriptions of the suspects have not been released.

Why the heck not?
How dare she have a gun in the house with a child. She should have just taken the bullet and hoped the bad guys wouldn't have shot the baby. 
And here I was ready to support them for protesting Bank of America itself for being a shitty bank, only to read and find out they are mad BoA is supporting domestic energy programs. 
This is absolutely shocking. I never would have expected something like this in Stilly. Police are saying it may actually be intentional. 

Edit: 3 confirmed dead. 27 life flighted. 2 in critical condition right now. 8 life flight helicopters between Oklahoma City and Tulsa helping. 

Edit 2: police have released the driver was 25 year old Adacia Chambers was arrested for DUI. She was not a student but was a resident of Stillwater 
The article didn't mention that it was to prevent concussions so the teams don't get into lawsuits again
Well, having a son under 10 who's learning to play soccer, at least in the US, headers aren't really much of the game anyway. That ball rarely goes much off the ground, and any head hits my kid has taken have been unintended head to head contacts with both kids looking down at the ball. 

Slow down the reactionary express people. All we're really talking about changing are a few misinformed coaches doing header drills with 8 year olds. There's plenty of other soccer skills for that age to learn, and if even a tiny fraction have ANY brain issues from headers, then let's at least not expose the majority of American kids who will quit soccer before 12 anyway. 

TLDR- young kids don't (and shouldn't) play many headers anyway. 
That just describes work.
Well she was involved in criminal prosecution, so the list of enemies could be near endless.

My question is, how did they find her home? Normally judges that preside over these types of cases do everything possible to mask their home address to prevent any kind of retaliation or strong arming against themselves or their families. I remember Cox Communications made a fuck up and published a judge's address in the phone book and ended up buying him a new home because it would be too dangerous for him and his family to continue living at the old residence. This judge may have to do the same thing.
&gt; The woman first denied knowing Rosario but later told police she knew him by his street name "Z" and had purchased crack cocaine from him in the past, according to court documents.

Further anecdotal evidence supporting the idea that you're more likely to be raped by someone you know than a stranger.
Join the club.  Courthouse, tax office, DMV, they rapin everybody out there.
Doesn't matter, b/c the original threat will have got much more coverage than this revelation will.

Just like the that series of black churches that were being burned in the south.  We had wall-to-wall coverage about how it proved violent racism was alive and well.  But when it turned out to have been done by a black guy we hardly heard a word about it. 
The false original story is still in the head of millions who heard about it, while the correction is only seen by a small fraction of them.
Are people really unaware that if you make a threat On Yik Yak it is the companies policy that on request they share their information on you with the police?
The funny thing is that he was arrested for an unrelated warrant.
How much of a victimization complex does someone need to stir up "anonymous" race hatred against *their own race*? 
I wish I could believe this was an outlier but it seems to be par for course.
Can't find examples of institutional racism to blame for your problems? Better fabricate it.
Wondered why this story dropped of the Big 5 radar.
Big surprise...




Not really.



The whole BLM campus activism movement is just an excuse to act like idiots under the guise of "violent racism" coming from The Boogeyman.
The real welfare queens of America, throwing a tantrum in the courts over name-calling.
How the fuck do you convince yourself that you are doing 'God's will' by beheading a child?  
This is actually extremely good news. It shows that a social consciousness is beginning to grow. Perhaps this can lead to an ethos of taking control of one's social situation instead of just letting whatever happens, happen.
Walmart employees should unionize. 
Is there a reason why governments insist on harassing innocent citizens yet keep failing to act on KNOWN terrorists?  Seriously.
Just to clarify, the clubs being targeted are private, off campus clubs with no affiliation with Harvard. 
I'm all for equality, but will the women only clubs be forced to do the same?
So, can men join women only clubs?  
I tried joining my college volleyball team but it was all-girls, so I was denied. I'm tall and fit, and I've got a good serve, bump, set, and spike :/
&gt;“Why should Harvard College not respect freedom of choice and association? What has happened to our sense of fairness and tolerance? Why prevent friends from eating their meals together?” he wrote. “Perhaps Harvard, and the Crimson, should stand up to the tyrannies of the left today, as it stood up to the tyrannies of the right during the days of Joe McCarthy.”

And reddit collectively just creamed its pants after reading that.
that's stupid.

i understand the social necessity of men having time together. i grew up in an area big on deer hunting. all the guys save their vacation days up from work, school is off the friday before opening weekend and the guys and boys go to deer camp. lately, women and girls have been going. i think the boys need that time with the men to learn to be men. to bond in a man only environment. it's not a bad thing or a misogynist thing. 
"The suspect, a 35-year-old black male,"

That sound you hear is everyone quietly putting down their pitchforks and backing away from the circlejerk.
I knew it was a black guy because it didn't say it in the title. 
Wait so this was in no way racist? But reddit told me this was definitely some racist and I was stupid for saying not necessarily. 
"By an 8-1 vote, the justices tossed out an excessive force suit against a Texas police officer who ignored his supervisor's warning and took a high-powered rifle to a highway overpass to shoot at an approaching car. The officer said he hoped to stop the car but instead shot and killed the driver."

So instead of sending a strong, actionable message against that sort of behavior, police are getting a further signal that they should shoot first and ask questions later, if ever.
FTA: "In dissent, Justice Sonia Sotomayor faulted the majority for "sanctioning a 'shoot first, think later' approach to policing."

Holy shit, out of 9 people smart enough to be on the Supreme Court, only one could see that little bit of common sense? It's not OK for the police to just start shooting at cars driving down the road. Even if they are driving too fast. Even if they are driven by criminals. 

This is a true shit stain of a decision.
&gt;Wisconsin Republican Governor Scott Walker on Friday signed a bill into law that prohibits prosecutors from using the state's secret investigation law to probe political crimes - a measure used to convict four of his aides and investigate his campaign. 

Nothing blatantly corrupt about that. 
No, Arizona is allowing a Saudi Arabia dairy to use Arizona's water to grow hay during a drought. If Arizona isn't bothered about their own water, why should Saudi Arabia or China ?
The water wars are upon us.
Similarly, the Chinese bought up huge tracts of land (with senior water rights attached,) in the Sacramento Valley, and despite this extreme drought, are using it to grow **rice** for export to Japan and PRC. 
That's probably what they wanted to do. Now that everyone's worried about DC, they attack somewhere else. 
Well I doubt it's gonna happen in DC now. Who really warns people before they attack. 
&gt;All warfare is based on deception. Hence, when we are able to attack, we must seem unable; when using our forces, we must appear inactive; when we are near, we must make the enemy believe we are far away; when far away, we must make him believe we are near.  
 
― Sun Tzu, The Art of War
Why can't ISIS even use *remotely* intelligent looking people in their videos. Half of these drooling mouthbreathers look like they've been lobotomized
...and here comes the wave of Internet 4 star generals offering their solid foreign policy and domestic intelligence advice. I'm so enlightened to be in the company of such dedicated and intelligent individuals.
Hope he enjoys [his 72](http://i.imgur.com/v2s1A.jpg), freaking anti-human scum.
&gt; bdelhamid Abaaoud, 27, was blown away when **more than 100 cops and soldiers** stormed the building.


The thought of that gives me the weirdest boner. 
All terrorists should be denied an Islamic burial.
It's interesting that probably half of the onlookers have no idea it's a statement that religion caused this, rather than just playing a nice song in remembrance.
Isis is just angry they are stuck in desert shithole, they can't drink, and their personalities are so terrible the only way they can get a woman to fuck them is rape. 

I think every westerner should celebrate our liberal western democracy over the next few days by posting pics of us drinking, smoking, kissing our main squeezes and generally being happy. Dancing, music, whatever.

 Hashtag youjellyisis


"Lets make america great again"
Thanks for posting to /r/news! However, your post is from a Fox News source, which clearly means it can safely be assumed to have no basis in fact. 

Please accept my humble offering of [a different news site](http://crimeblog.dallasnews.com/2015/11/police-release-names-of-officers-involved-in-monday-shooting-outside-kalua-discotheque.html/), so the powers-that-be can move past the whole Fox News issue and commence telling us the other reasons that we conservatives are completely wrong about illegal immigration.
While he had "A few drinks and a cheeseburger."
FFS no five-year-old should be left alone in the desert with anything less than a full auto assault rifle.
I love living in Arizona but I hate having to tell people I live here. It's like the America of America.
From the gofundme

&gt; I have a fairly small account, but its over PDT.  As of this morning it was $37,000.  I keep it small because I wanted to manage risk, the most I can afford to lose is what I have in the account....$37,000.  When I get some profits I take them out of the account because I wouldn't want to lose more than $37k

If this is true then this trader had zero business assuming a short position that could have unlimited loss.  I can only assume that he didn't really know how shorting works.  I know when I started trading, there was zero qualification required to open a short position.  They did require some minor screening to approve you to work with even more volatile option trading, but nothing at all for shorting.  

You can lose your shirt doing this.  I feel bad for the guy, but these are unfortunately the kinds of lessons you get when you treat the stock market like a slot machine.  I learned my hard lesson by buying on margin and it took me over a year to bail myself back out.  Investing isn't a game.
If he were only a little more successful, he could have afforded a lobbyist like everybody else and made bailing him out compulsory.
Should have used a stop loss order.
Spain is well known for doing this sort of thing because of their legal system, which gives itself the authority to prosecute crimes against humanity under [universal jurisdiction](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Universal_jurisdiction#Spain) even if it does not involve a Spanish citizen. 

Basically, Spain says that her courts are the best judges to decide crimes against humanity, no matter where it is committed or who it affects. 
There's a video of the soldiers that basically proves they were attacked by like 100 guys with knives and clubs.  I'm not sure why this was ever controversial.  They shot when people threw one soldier into the sea and started to mob the others.  The flotilla wasn't peaceful, and the video proves it.
That'd be the one that the UN determined was legal?

Why yes, yes it is.
This is truly the American dream.
I don't know why this isn't getting more attention because this is absolutely enchanting. Like holy shit, I seriously thought this was a hoax or a prank of some sort but nope, some dude INVENTED A JET PACK and flew around the STATUE OF LIBERTY.

Jet packs are real.
They'll be celebrating a second time when/if France pulls a Patriot Act
Twitter evidence only doesn't convince me. I can envision internet trolls doing that just for the hell of it.
I wanted to see a picture of the man the article was talking about and then I realized the irony. 
Well, then he should manufacture his own gun. The same way we did back in the day.
He's going to be pissed when he realizes the gun store probably had a security camera 
If we don't need a photo ID to vote then why should we need one to buy a firearm? 

Both are (or should be) constitutionally protected rights. 
As a blind guy, this will do nothing good for the kid. She will become dependent on her adult assistant and won't receive the necessary mobility training she will need to succeed in life.    

When you don't get proper mobility training, you'll miss out on learning the skills necessary for creating mental maps of areas and how to use a cane properly. Then in the future, if she ever wanted to get a guide dog, that would be impossible without getting sufficient training. They won't let you get a guide dog if you can't use a cane.
&gt;she can no longer use her walking cane because it could trip up teachers and other pupils at the school.

Wouldn't want people with perfect eye sight to trip over something they can easily see.

Better take the blind person's cane.  That should reduce tripping and falling.
This man sounds awesome.  He didn't lose his head and begin yelling at the staff, kept his patience and gathered information from other customers, and even gave the waitress a big tip because she felt bad.   

I'm pretty sure this is a slam dunk case, and I look forward to hearing of his victory in court.
Oh sure, you really think the man with the $100k suit is going to prepay for his breakfast? *Come on!*
I'd honestly prefer if everyone had to prepay, I really hate waiting for the check at the end. I hope the lawsuit works out for him though, that's fucked up.
One more thing, I was shocked when my child's public school stopped recess for the children after first grade.  My spouse and I questioned the principal and superintendent.  
Recess was discontinued because it "was cutting into instructional time".
IEPs for ADHD and learning disabilities are stacking up like pancakes, because "the kids can't pay attention in class!  They won't sit and LEARN!"  Maybe because seven year olds can't sit at a desk for seven hours straight?  Maybe because 90 minute blocks for reading and language is inappropriate for kindergarteners? 
Then maybe Obama's Administration shouldn't have hired Arne Duncan, who majored in sociology and NOT education, to be the Secretary of Education for the majority of Obama's term.
No Child Left Behind (Bush) and Race to the Top (Obama) were failed education policies, and all education reform did under Obama's term was double down on shitty policies from the previous administration.  Courting all the big bu$ine$$ textbook companies didn't help, either.
Oh, and let's not forget the lovely Teach For America initiatives.  Put so much pressure on good effective teachers that they retire or quit in disgust with burn out and replace them with folks who have a two week seminar on How To Teach Children, for cheap.
And, hey, if you are a teacher and dare to question the admin at your school or in your district, well...  Good luck on your evaluation this year, Mrs. Jones, nothing personal...

I would encourage anyone who is interested to go to the site proteacher.net and have a look at the "Vent" section.  It really opened my eyes.
Tell me again how I should just blindly trust someone, simply because they wear a uniform.
When I read the article I took away the following:

* the school tried to force a minor student to change his clothes by contacting his parents
* the child's parents supported him to the point of withdrawing him from the school
* the Superintendent is interested in working with the family to resolve the issue
* The Superintendent and Board have indicated that they recognize a need to educate staff and students regarding gender identification
* The Superintendent recognizes a need to review the dress code
* The students themselves are organizing a week's worth of events in support of their classmate and are speaking out publicly on his behalf

It seems that while the initial reaction was negative, a lot of good things are coming out of it. You'd never know it after reading the comments here.
everything is a distraction to middle school kids. 
This reminds me of a quote from Tom Robbins in Half Asleep in Frog Pajamas: "There are many ways to victimize people, the most insidious of which is to persuade them they are victims." I may not have the quote exactly right, but the spirit of the quote is intact.

If the administration stepped up and said, "Yep, there's a boy in a dress. Deal with it," the kids in that school most likely would. By stating that kids are so distractable and they need to be protected, they not only don't give the kids the chance to step up and be more mature, they also set the expectation for the kids that they shouldn't be any better.
I know this is not very pc, but a boy wearing a dress would definitely disrupt the learning environment. Middle schoolers already have the attention span of a flea.
&gt;However, DCS would not clear the allegations from the family's file. Over the span of 10 years, attorneys for the Finnegan's said DCS made their life "a living hell." Two of their children were placed in foster care for nine months. They also exhumed Jessica's body after she had been buried.

If this is not a witch-hunt then I don't know what it is. The family went through the legal process and was cleared. Is that not enough anymore in this country? Although money helps, nothing will be able to alleviate the years of emotional and mental strain. I hope there are consequences to be saved by the district attorney and those leading the charge. 
* Child is prescribed incorrect medication
* Results in internal bleeding and death
* Autopsy is performed (causing damage to her head)
* DCS files abuse charges, using internal bleeding/damage to head as evidence
* Two of families children were placed in foster care for 9 months
* Experts contradict DCS allegations
* Prosecutor drops charges and judge dismisses case with prejudice
* DCS refuses to clear allegations from family's file
* Father loses job, family loses house &amp; possessions

I hope they keep every penny.
A lot of people who claim to be against radical Islam don't seem to realize that in many countries, what they consider radical or extremist is *the majority*.

By definition, [extreme](http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/extreme?s=t) means "farthest from the ordinary or average".  

Statistical facts of the matter:
&gt;A survey conducted by the Pew Research Center in 2010 found relatively widespread popular support for the death penalty as a punishment for apostasy in Egypt (**84%** of respondents in favor of death penalty), Jordan (**86%** in favor), Indonesia (30%), Pakistan (**76%**), Nigeria (**51%**), and relatively minor support in Lebanon (6% in favor) and Turkey (5%). -[source](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apostasy_in_Islam)

Look at the numbers of Muslims who believe in what we arbitrarily call "radical" and realize that it is *not* radical, but a significant if not majority opinion of them in entire regions of the world.

*Edit, in the interest of being factually accurate, /u/---nobody posted a more recent study where [the numbers went down](http://www.pewforum.org/2013/04/30/the-worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-beliefs-about-sharia/).  Updated numbers (which I still find alarming):

&gt;Pew did another survey in 2013 and the numbers were much lower with support for the death penalty for apostates being 64% among Egyptians, 58% among Jordanians, 13% among Indonesians, and 64% among Pakistanis and in countries like Turkey and Russia support drops to 2% and 6% respectively.
Remember people, being shocked by acts like this is now a character defect called "Islamophobia".
This COULD become a "teaching moment", where the PM of Britain reminds the public that Britain is a free society where people are free to choose the religion of their conscience...and that those who disagree should consider moving elsewhere. But of course, that might offend Muslims and would therefore be "racist". Then again, since only a "tiny minority of Muslims are extremists" - which is the constant refrain of the media, academia, and the political class - the vast majority of British Muslims would wholeheartedly agree with the PM and have no problem whatsoever with his comments.

Hmmmmm. Which is it?
There couldn't possibly be anything on board.  America has the TSA.
While I don't condone the objectification of women, I find it odd that Dov Charney lost his company because he was sleezy to American women while the rest of the industry regularly exploits and endangers women around the world with no such reprisals. I'd rather get a creepy text than die in a sweatshop fire- but the sexual harassment lawsuit is a bigger risk to the AA Board than the death of some poor women in Bangladesh is to H&amp;M.
It's probably Comcast 
I can almost guarantee that it's not some terrorist organization attempting to disrupt high speed information flow (as the article attempts to imply), but some drug addict or bum looking to make a quick buck by stripping the lines (thinking that they're copper) before running off when they realize it's just glass. I've run across it plenty of time in larger urban areas.
&gt;Robert Tuten, Parker's attorney, said in opening statements that Patel was to blame for the incident, saying, "When you come to the U.S., we expect you to follow our laws and speak our language."

That has to be one of the most bigoted remarks I have ever heard. The man did absolutely nothing and gets paralyzed by a guy who simply beat him because he was a foreigner and did nothing to accomodate the situation. Then again the prosecution is attocious. And its Alabama, where logic doesnt apply. 

So if Other countries that dont speak english would beat the shit out of Americans and used that same quote as a defense, then the human rights talk would come into play. Unbelievable. 
From the article:

&gt; The police officer, Eric Parker, was accused ofviolating the civil rights of 58-year-old Sureshbhai Patel, who was visiting family in Madison, Alabama, from India. The first trial also ended in a hung jury, with Haikala declaring a mistrial on Sept. 11.

&gt; On Monday, the first day of deliberations, the jury asked to review a 10-minute dash-cam video that captured the Feb. 6 incident in Madison. On that morning, Parker stopped Patel, who was out for a walk, after responding to a call reporting a suspicious black man looking at garages and walking near houses.

&gt; Through an interpreter, Patel told the jury he did not understand the officers who confronted him and said he had never studied English.

&gt; Robert Tuten, Parker's attorney, said in opening statements that Patel was to blame for the incident, saying, **"When you come to the U.S., we expect you to follow our laws and speak our language."**

&gt; The dash-cam video shows Patel being brought to the ground, which resulted in injuries to his spine and partial paralysis. Parker testified at trial that he did not intend to injure Patel and that he was concerned Patel may have had a weapon. Parker also said he lost his balance during the take-down.

&gt; But one of the other responding officers, a 20-year veteran of the Madison police department,told the jury that in his view Patel did not pose a threat to police and that Patel did not jerk his hand, as if reaching for a knife or a gun, as Parker had testified.

This doesn't seem like such an unambiguous case...? 

Being a cop must be awesome. You get paid very well and you can kill anyone by just saying they reached for (fill in whatever you want) 
Or: people are allowed to protest even if we don't like their message.
This isn't the first year the protesters attended. And they contacted the county prior to attendance to ensure that there was adequate protection from people they expected to act out violently (which they did). The sheriff's deputies then threatened the peaceful protesters with charges of disorderly conduct (who were being pelted with bottles, crates and other objects for holding signs).

This story provides one truth about cops: they prefer the easiest way to deal with disruptions, actual rights of the parties involved have minimal bearing, if any.

EDIT ----- I think this is partial video of the event:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B4Ws1YWuzyQ
These comments are awful and show that the far left is just as bad as the far right. Anyone can protest, even Christians. People who act violently toward protesters are in the wrong, even Muslims. This is why the religious right thinks they are being discriminated against.
As someone who actually works for the VA, let me tell you: these bonuses are not what you think they are. 

I'm supposed to work a standard 40-hour week. My week is more like 65-70 hours, not including the work I take home with me. I don't get paid any extra for that work; I'm a salaried employee, and I'm expected to finish my caseload regardless of how many hours I have to put in to do so. There will always be more cases than there are case managers, because we don't get paid well enough to attract any worthwhile employees. Most of us are here either because we genuinely care about our soldiers, or because we're so un-hireable, it's the only job we could get. 

My "bonus" comes in the form of a voucher for a specified number of hours off. For example, after a particularly brutal 7-day week, I was given a voucher for 8 hours of comp time - basically, I was given a paid day off. To calculate the value of my day off, my daily salary is considered the value of the "bonus." Except I can't actually *use* my comp time until January, when it will again be counted as an additional day's salary worth of bonus, so it will seem like I've been paid three times for a day off when I've really only been paid once. We aren't being enticed with some crazy bonus checks or anything, and we are paid pennies compared to the education (which requires a master's) and experience we possess to do this job. 

Contrary to popular belief, we actually care greatly about our soldiers, and we do whatever we can with what we have at the time. Some of the problem is that soldiers have unrealistic expectations, some of the problem is our bosses have unrealistic expectations, some of the problem is we just don't have a sufficient budget, but we certainly aren't wasting what we do have on ridiculous bonuses. 
[deleted]
A year. A fucking year of legal costs.

I hope the city shells out millions here. Maybe, at some point, these idiots will get it in their thick fucking skulls that you prosecute cops who do this with every tool available, so as to prevent your city from going bankrupt. Maybe. 
I live in Bloomsburg, PA.  This thing just came down Rt. 11, rather low... and took out the power for our entire area. I'm now sitting, at work, in the dark.  Luckily I'm in the IT dept, and our systems are on a generator.  So I'm putting my power to good use.  Updating Reddit on its location.
Can we call in Tom Brady?  I think his "expertise" could be useful.
Can't wait to lose half of my retirement savings! Again!
Well, I guess it's time to throw another couple trillion dollars at those bankers, because why install any boring and crippling regulation for those who caused the crisis if you can just go for Austerity ad infinitum for the dumb plebs instead.
Regular folks "slam" or "demolish", while Supreme Court justices "lambaste".
Seperated with no V.A. BENEFITS
Being frank, this is the side of this sort of thing that we don't get to see nearly enough anymore, that good is coming out of the West's involvement over there, regardless of differing views on why we're over there, if we need to be, etc.
Of course they'd reject that idea. They know the entire books would have to be reprinted if people who knew what the real facts were got a hold of them. 
Facts tend to be the enemy of neo-conservatism.
Why do the comments seem outraged here? Keep your drones off other peoples' property. Seem like common sense to me. 
**"The judge didn't bother looking at the video he provided, a decision that he claimed shocked even the police officers involved in the case."**

Maybe i'm just weird but If I was a judge I would look at video evidence 100% of the time over witness testimony.
Looks like the cartels forgot to pay their weekly bribe
And Trump says mexicans are lazy... how little does he know.
They need to change the name of the medal as well - giving a combat medal to a police officer speaks of the militarized mentality that needs to be corrected.
why does a cop need an award for shooting someone?

&gt;Officer Daniel Aguirre received the department's Combat Cross Medal in May.  
  
Please remind me again how the police are civilians like the rest of us... Maybe in writing they are but when they are receiving 'combat medals' for executing citizens, they certainly aren't civilians in practice. 
I think the most interesting thing is that a donation to Reynads twitch stream said this even before the NCCU Twitter tweeted about it. Everyone just dismissed it as 4chan esque shitposting till a few minutes later.
As an NCCU student (currently sitting in my friend's apartment because it happened during Hell in a Cell), let me just say that we're all taking this surprisingly well. For example, we're laughing about this one kid who thinks the 6 arrows from his archery set can take out the shooter.

Central is in a rough area of town (we're by downtown, which is pretty gentrified but the surrounding area is not), so incidents like this are somewhat commonplace. So far, it's just one victim who has been shot in the ~~eye~~ ass and is in stable condition, and it happened between two residence halls, Richmond and New Res II.

As I type this, we've been alerted that it is safe to move around the campus, but I don't plan on going anywhere just in case.
Almost every cityof any size has some university therefore any shooter in any city is going to be "near" some university.

They are also likely "near" a slum, a gas station, a liquor store, a library,  a church, a cemetary, a movie theater,  a bar and a toys r us.

So lets not draw a school into it unless its related to the school and you also report on all the shootings in the city that ARENT related to schools..

From the article:

&gt; Ashley Gorski, a staff attorney with the ACLU national security project told The Guardian the mass spying program was innately harmful, arguing it violates “our clients’ constitutional rights to privacy, freedom of speech, and freedom of association, and it poses a grave threat to a free internet and a free society.”

&gt; But Judge TS Ellis III said the suit relied on “the subjective fear of surveillance” because the NSA did not admit to having collected any of the information it was alleged to have collected by the ACLU, the Guardian reported.

&gt; Mr. Ellis admitted that requiring enough evidence to convict the NSA of illegal spying was difficult, regardless of whether or not the spying had occurred.

That seems like some screwy logic.  Because the defendant (the NSA) didn't admit to having collected the information it was accused of having collected, the suit was dismissed.  

"Subjective fear of surveillance" seems like a pretty reasonable thing to worry about.  
&gt;Attorney Andy Taylor pointed to Kirksey's protected class as a black female over 40 who holds religious convictions

That seems like an oddly specific 'protected class'.
&gt;Using fake names, Taylor said that the child left school Friday as "Sally" and returned on Monday going by "Johnny."

Apparently, the only thing that a 6 year old has agency to determine in this bizarre world is their gender. 
&gt; The 6-year-old also played football with the boys and, when hit hard, cried and said, "I'm really not a little boy."

It sounds like she's a little girl who enjoys playing football, not one who has decided she was a boy.
Why does a 6 year old want to be a transgender? At that age, I don't think she has the maturity and information to decide this.
&gt;Taylor likened the imposition of such a decision over gender on a child to "child abuse." At such a young age, he said, kids haven't even decided what ice cream or cereal they prefer.

This is really the core of it. This child is too young to make such a life-altering decision and it shows based on the descriptions of the kid's behavior.  
Parents should keep an open mind, encourage the kid to be them self, but making a huge life changes at such a young age could be damaging. Already, the kid is dealing with the trauma of this whole event. If things are serious, then the child should be seeing a therapist specialized in gender issues to determine the legitimacy of how the kid feels. This kid has NO idea what they're asking for, and if the parents are blindly going along with it, they could be seriously damaging their child’s mental health/development by doing this.
Teachers shouldn't have to play pretend. She is not a boy. She's way too young to even understand such things.
So I thought being transgender was a decision/feeling of the individual, not what the parents force on their child because its fucking trendy. 
I'm not going to bash transgender people here, because it is America. 


I will bash the media. Trans people are  .3 percent of the population. They do not need all this attention and they don't need the media promoting it so much. This is leading to absolutely bizarre outcomes like this. 
I wish I was such a worthless human being that I could get someone fired because they didn't refer to me as something I thought I was.

Call me a tiger dammit, or your life is ruined.
Another excuse for warrant-less police searches, it seems to me.  Kind of like [pulling over young drivers](http://www.clickondetroit.com/news/police-to-pull-over-teens-for-good-driving/35080506) to tell them they are driving well.  I don't care if they are handing out gift cards.  I'd rather they just leave me alone.
Sounds like a good excuse to "search" a car for no reason.  Oh hey this car was unlocked and I found drugs in it while I was securing the valuables. 
There is no way that's legal.
"*demand training for offenders*"

So, something along the lines of a reeducation camp.
They are literally protesting *against* the freedoms of speech and assembly. Life, in some places, is becoming a South Park episode. 
&gt;President Martin must also apologize for the college’s “institutional legacy of white supremacy, colonialism, anti-black racism, anti-Latinx racism, anti-Native American racism, anti-Native/ indigenous racism, anti-Asian racism, anti-Middle Eastern racism, heterosexism, cis-sexism, xenophobia, anti-Semitism, ableism, mental health stigma, and classism,” the Uprising says.

I don't know whether to laugh or cry. They literally want the President or the school to admit to and apologize for discrimination against every  conceivable group except straight, white, cis Americans.  
Is this a fucking joke? If the school bends to this farce, then I weep for the species. SJWs are the Teaparty of the left, except instead of laughing at their absurdity, institutions are cowtowing left and right at the fear of offending someone. "It made them feel unsafe"... my ass.


Are these demands satirical or sincere?  Flip a coin.
There is a larger issue at stake: College is no longer a cool place to be.

Professional comedians have been saying it for a while. Kids are just too dumb now.
Fuck this.  I'm voting for Trump
So they want "re-education camps" and thought policing, yeah the left is officially out of control. Progressives are insane. People wonder why Trump is so popular, it is because the left has gone insane with political correctness. 
The great banana judiciary.
&gt;“[P]rivate interests must give way to the national interest in preserving state secrets,” he wrote at the time.

If the judicial branch of the US government has accepted this reasoning there is no reason to support the US government anymore. Every American citizen who has been paying attention was sold the Bill of Rights as the reason why America is worth living in. If that Bill of Rights is now secondary to "national security", why would anyone want to live here?

The only answer can be existing prosperity and lack of corruption. As corruption becomes more blatant and the "real economy" struggles, what real reason is there to be an American anymore?

The final answer is only that its perceived as better than the other choices. When you look at US geopoliticial influence you'll find that the US has been busy creating chaos and uncertainty around the world to ensure it looks like the best choice. Why move when all western countries simultaneously pass the same spying legislation, same labor destroying trade deals, etc?

This is a coordinated effort by western governments to simultaneously destroy civil and workers rights in their countries so they can compete with other countries. They know if it wasn't simultaneous people would leave. Now people are forced to choose between essentially a western clone with the same issues, a huge cultural divide, or a warzone.

Western corporations have successfully convinced the governments of western countries that their existence and prosperity is more important than anything else to national security. They have crossed the national divide and we are now living in an era when all western countries are quite literally owned by western corporations.

They are now using their unified influence over western countries to have labor, trade, privacy, etc all changed to their own benefit in the interest of creating a unified front of power that the other divided countries of the world won't be able to resist.

The message is that a one world government is being formed and you can either join or you will inevitably be the "enemy" of that government and will face much harsher outcomes.

What does this all mean?

The West is about to collapse causing a global depression similar to the dark ages after the fall of Rome. I do not believe we are anywhere near a "one world government" being possible. Historically every global empire that strives for such dominance has collapse under its own weight. I'm a firm believer in history repeating itself.
Nothing wrong with open carrying, nothing wrong with teaching people about it. As long as its all done legally everything will be fine. 
For my insurance plan, it started at 175/mo, rose to 265, and now is about to go up to 450 (which I can't afford, so I have to switch). 

It's almost like requiring that everyone buy a product from privately owned companies is a dumb idea or something.
I'll be paying $592 in penalties next year. Still less then the $2,000 it would cost for insurance so... yeah, being charged for not being able to afford health insurance kinda sucks. Seems counterproductive.
The sticker shock happened the first year. When I checked the cheapest available plans 3 years ago, they were 5 times what I was paying before and it had ridiculous co-pays and deductibles. Then the pro-obamacare shills on reddit said that the premiums will drop as more people join. It kept increasing. 
If insurers are going to play this game then they will leave us with no choice but to control costs via a single payer system. 
Didn't take me 3 fucking years to realize Obamacare is a fucking joke.
&gt;Police reports obtained by The Saginaw News say Emmanuel Bowden made threats on the social media site Yik Yak last week but **subsequently said it was just a joke**.

It's just a prank, bro!
Charge them with hate crimes, just as you would have if they were white
its pretty simple... the NFL has a policy that no unapproved "statement" clothing can be worn.  

Yeah, if the NFL could make domestic violence month and sell billions of purple jerseys, maybe they would... but they have not.

there are countless examples of when this policy feels very wrong, just this weekend there was a peice on hayward (also a steeler) wearing "Iron Head" eye black to honor his father.  He also got fined.

and yet...  they would drown if they tried a case by case approval system.  And without approval, god knows what some of those buffoons would wear...  you have guys like lynch wearing equipment for his own financial gain.
Find his body and bury him inside a pig carcass. 


Yeah, mob justice is often totally incorrect.
"Incorrectly Outed", more like slandered and did such a terrible job it took less than 24 hours for everyone to collectively call BS.
Anonymous says that anonymous is stupid and that having your name and email in a list, when your name and email are publicly known is not indicative having joined the list because literally any other person on earth could sign you up for it.
There are much more legitimate objections to Don Lemon than this.
&gt;...calling for CNN’s Don Lemon to be fired afrer [_sic_] he called for more information before condemning a South Carolina senior deputy...

So they're basically calling him out for being objective and not promoting or perpetuating the witch hunt. Over 30,000 people have no idea how news works (to educate and inform) and are socially retarded. 

Seriously - that's 30,000+ voters who are petitioning the gov't to have a private citizen fired because he told the public to be patient and ethical.


Yup, getting all the facts before making a decision is un American! 
Good on them. If anything this a testament to their dedication to keeping their customers safe. Unlike GM, who prefer to keep sales up temporarily by sweeping safety issues under the rug, killing several people in the process.
Cause of Death: Putin.
They seem to have legitimized theft.
So the police are allowed to destroy property they suspect is illegal without charges or a conviction. Oh, and that property destroyed is evidence of the crime they claim took place. So now they can't even prove there was a crime. 
That, is not legal.

DEA has no claim or power on native land, Not that rules have ever stopped them before.


I think that we can all agree that the officer used excessive force. That being said - I have absolutely zero problem with using force to get a disruptive student out of the classroom. You get told to leave by the teacher, then the principal, then the cop. After that, the cop extracts your ass.

Everyone else has a right to education, too, so GTFO and let everyone else learn.
One of my "Facebook friends" who is also a cop, posted this in response to the video:

"Just do what your told to do and won't be any problems, tired of seeing stupid shit like this."

It's really nice knowing that police brutality is excused among other officers on the grounds that *if you do what you're told, it wouldn't have a reason to happen*. /s
should resign her professorship too
next she needs to resign her permanent position in the communications department.

When she is unemployed, she can hit the gym and can become herself the "muscle" she was calling for.
&gt;"I have reached out to the journalists involved to offer my sincere apologies and to express regret over my actions. I regret the language and strategies I used, and sincerely apologize to the MU campus community, and journalists at large, for my behavior, and also for the way my actions have shifted attention away from the students’ campaign for justice," the statement said.

Doesn't sound very sincere. Sounds more like "Sorry that what I did is making news. I would have done the same thing just in a different manner to avoid the backlash."
https://cspd.coloradosprings.gov/public-safety/police/career-opportunities/testing-information

Thats the physical fitness test they had to take.  You only need to score 20 points in total to pass.  You can score up to 40.  The officer implying that she's required to do 40 pushups to pass the test is trying to get sympathy because of her age and gender.

If you can't pass the test you don't get to work, simple as that.
Cops who are too weak or too fat to defend themselves are much more likely to resort to deadly force. 
[removed]
[removed]
HERETIC ALERT!

I went and read the article.  The department had physical fitness standards carefully crafted with the help of a company that does just that, and helped everyone get on board the fitness train.  This suit applies to the 40% of females over 40 that were having difficulty passing the testing.

tl;dr - everyone knew the rules way ahead of time, the city and department really put in some good effort on creating the minimums, but you can't blame someone for wanting to keep their job
&gt;According to the FBI, Doyle and Chaney met with an undercover agent posing as an illegal arms dealer on October 25. The two allegedly ordered "an automatic weapon, explosives, and a pistol with a silencer."

Stupidity and racism tend to go hand-in-hand. It amazes me that people keep falling for this tactic. I see stories all the time where this or something similar is used. 
I wonder what their Reddit accounts were named. 
Sounds like half of the /r/news submission trolls.
This article's title is incredibly misleading. Tries to spin his mortgaging and belt-tightening as the profoundly terrible consequence of a bad business decision, which could not be further from the truth. 

He appears to be standing by his morals, putting his own personal money where his mouth is, and having the time of his life. 

From what I understand, he was already fairly wealthy before the business, and doesn't appear to be really hurting right now. He seems very happy to tighten his belt in order to boost capital for his company. He's even secured a book deal that he claims will direct more capital into the company. 
Is anyone surprised by this?
The anti-refugee movement has already been growing. This will probably massively increase it. Which is what I am sure the terrorists wanted. What better way to cause fear than to make you think you just let in a lot of terrorists.
Oh christ. Here come the SJW terrorist apologists. 
If the mothers at One Million Moms collectively adopted 4 million foster children in to their supoosedly healthy and "traditional" families then that'd be something.  But of course they've done nothing of the sort.  They're just pieces of shit.  That family, on the other hand, sounds absolutely amazing.  Sucks they have to endure the bigotry.
So two loving men adopt four children, and maybe 15 lazy "moms" in Juicy Couture sweatpants sit behind their computer screen and harass them... Got it.
&gt;“The magazine also could have chosen another child to write about and remained neutral in the culture war.”

Why is that exactly? Because they shouldn't be standing up for what they might believe there at the magazine?
That's only like what, one Mormon family?
Looks like bombs dropped before his album did.
"Rap music is hedonistic and the icon of decadence" said Allah to Deso Dogg, who is burning in hell forever more. 

"Ahh hell naw dawg" can be heard softly in the lakes of fire.  
Yeah, an openly gay mayor is secretly a member of the KKK.  I'll buy that.  
With no actual proof other than a claim by a group with no known validity or members it is just a claim. The hypocrisy is that people defending these "facts" want you to believe this story that you read on the internet, but will caution you to not believe everything you read online just because its online. 
I used to live and work on an ostrich ranch. Ostriches are the least graceful, dumbest birds on earth. That's how I picture dinosaurs now. Bird brained ninnies derping about absent mindedly. 
&gt;the 24-year-old and father of two caused $1 million in damages.

Sounds like he got off easy only having to repay half. 
Who was trained with ISIS
also a second generation Immigrant from the middle east.
Our healthcare system is designed to maximize profit off the injured, sick, and dying. Make no mistake: this is the system they want, and fight to keep. Who loses? We, the consumers, do. (I have more than 10 years experience in the industry.)
Good for him. Glad he's safe.
Thankfully this kid had the ability to defend himself and no innocent people were harmed. 
Media narrative:  "Did this child shoot too soon because he saw black men outside his home?  Give us your feedback"
The way I see it, this article directly flies in the face of two assertions I see on this site all the time:

1. No one under 18/21 should ever have access to guns.

2. It's not practical to defend yourself with a gun.

No one can argue that this kid should be dead because he should have been following the law.
Things like this are very cool as infrastructure improvements.  Connected street lights can do all these things: 

* Automatically notify maintenance staff if there is a fault or burnout.
* Automatically dim and brighten based on a schedule or via commands (i.e. the lights dim after, say, 2 AM but would stay bright on nights where a late event (like a concert) would put a large number of motorists on the road).
* Be commanded to light up evacuation routes during a natural or man-made disaster.  Lights along the evac route could be set to blink to indicate the correct route.
* Be used for micro-level data gathering for traffic analysis.  Traffic engineering &amp; urban design run on data, which can be expensive to gather and usually offered just a snapshot in time.  More data = better engineering. 

This is just so cool.  As more of the infrastructure is interconnected travel gets more efficient and some really neat applications are possible.  


What would happen if armed muslim protesters set up outside of a Church in Texas.
&gt; “We tried to talk to the mosque before we did this, but they wouldn’t return our messages,” said David Wright, dressed in black all the way from his backwards baseball cap to the barrel of his tactical shotgun.

Gee I wonder why they wouldn't return your calls.
&gt;“They’re mostly for self-defense or protection,” Wright said, eyeing his 12-gauge. “But I’m not going to lie. We do want to show force

Holy hell these people are actual pieces of shit.
I love how the one idiot is holding a Ted Cruz sign. THESE are your supporters, dude.
Reset the "Days without Texas being a national embarrassment clock".   Back to zero.  
I love how they're wearing masks. Like shit, way to be exactly like the extremists you're mistaking all of Islam for.  
&gt;worried about the day he would be forced to use his hunting rifle to take a human life.

Bullshit, he's not worried. He's looking forward.

I'm pro-2nd amendment, and I like my guns, but I've spend enough time on pro-gun message boards to see the small fraction of people who are absolutely yearning for a "good shoot". Always trying to concoct scenarios in which they'd be justified to shoot.
I feel like if you have guns and the people youre "protesting" don't: thats the point at which you become a good-old-fashioned mob. 
I like the guy that showed up in his Military Surplus cammies and fucking snow boots. 
&gt; About a dozen protesters — most carrying long guns, some masked and **one with his mother** — lined up outside an Irving mosque on Saturday. 

"Hey mommmm, can we go protest Muslims today?"

"Only if you eat your vegetables."

"Aww, c'mon mom, let me protest Muslims first!"
I am so bored of this era's monsters and madmen and gullible, useful idiots played like fiddles by mustache-twisting mastermind villains and am so ready for a new era with new ones.  

This comic book sucks.
Hey, Texas native here, although I can't apologize for them I'm gonna try, sorry guys. 
So. Legitimately. How are these people any different from terrorists? Is the line that they haven't killed anyone yet? That's not a line I'd be proud of walking.

EDIT: These replies. Good lord. They're not standing outside a U.S. based ISIS headquarters. They're trying to intimidate a random mosque. People who, in all likelihood, have absolutely nothing to do with any of the terror attacks. It's the equivalent of standing across the street from a Catholic church with guns because a priest gets caught molesting a kid. It's racism. Period. You people make me sad.
Ah, yes. The ultimate white privilege. Where you could literally go outside armed and "protest" near a religious place and not get killed by the police.

Just imagine what would happen if muslim protesters carried guns and stood near one of those batshit crazy churches with signs saying, "Solution to Christian Terrorism" and "Stop The Christianization Of America". It will literally become nationwide trending topic and there would be SWAT teams dispatched. 

CNN and Fox News will get orgasms from their news coverage of this. 
Headline should read: Harnett County deputy performs home invasion, murders resident.

from the article...

Carroll said they were looking for someone that no longer lived there. When deputies asked Livingston if they could search the trailer, Livingston said “not without a search warrant,” according to Carroll.

Livingston then closed the door.

“The cop kicked in the door, got on top of him, started slinging him around beat him…” Carroll said.
&gt; she “enjoyed it because she did not resist.” 

Found the guy who sucks in bed. 
Heard this on the radio on my drive home from the commute and dug up the news article.

Still can't believe these excerpts:

&gt;federal investigators who say the suspect told flight attendants that the victim “enjoyed it because she did not resist.”

#

&gt;After sleeping for several hours, the woman awoke and Quraishi asked “whether she had a good nap.” At that point, the victim realized that lotion had been “spread on her arms, chest, and up her legs.”

#

&gt;Upon returning to her seat, the woman asked Quraishi where her hand lotion was. After he passed the lotion to her, she contacted crew members.
Makes sense because most of the world accesses FB from an android device and this way FB employees and engineers are forced to experience it the way the larger audience does. Same reason why some companies make sure their sites work well on 3G networks, because even though its considered outdated by US standards, it’s what’s mostly used globally. 
Hmm...

I find it interesting that heroin use "skyrocketed" following the Vietnam conflict, [some estimate that 15 percent of servicemen/women were actively using](http://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/2012/01/02/144431794/what-vietnam-taught-us-about-breaking-bad-habits)

As a country we did nothing to discourage opium poppy production in Afghanistan (the ingredient in heroin)...  [it certainly seems that usage in Iran is up as a result too](http://www.vice.com/read/heroin-warfare). Many believe that Afghanistan has essentially become a US-sponsored narco state and largest opium producer in the world.

I am not pointing fingers -- just asking questions, but has the DEA tried connecting the fucking dots?
Translation, we see our cannabis budget will be disappearing shortly and we are addicted to the money and power so we will just switch focus. 
It's not a German village anymore. 
This is why people are burning down asylum centers.  It's only a matter of time until they truly get pissed off!
Poor Germany, I feel for you guys.

Edit: Ok so .. You are Germans! Do what you do best!
Hopefully no more than 102 of the Asylum Seekers have crooked teeth.
[deleted]
nobody should pretend that they know what's best for this family.
This is just tragic, but I'm with the parents on this one. The child is not going to get better and will probably not see her 7th birthday no matter what they do. If I was in the kids position, I would make the same choice to die with my dignity rather than sitting on a respirator in a coma waiting until to die while my parents spend thousands of dollars on a battle there is no winning. My heart goes out to the parents, I couldn't imagine what they're going through in all this.
I thought this was going to be a crazy Christian "I don't believe in modern medicine" thing when I read the title. This is just really sad. There should be no reason to extend life if it's just going to painful for all sides.  
This child has an incurable, and lethal disease. I see nothing wrong with this.
I live in Tuscaloosa, this particular area is rowdy every night and especially so on gamedays. The fact that the residents were (1) over 21 (2) coherent and (3) in their home is miraculous and the fact that they complied with the request to turn down the music is good too. Not sure why exactly the cop felt the need to hang around; these people were practically model citizens compared to the standard of behavior on a night like that. 
Suspended with pay = Vacation
There's no way a judge can just nulify adoption procrdures for his personal beliefs
&gt;paid administrative leave

So it means they'll wait for it to blow over.
I just returned from 5 weeks in Africa. We spent several days in Hwange N.P. While this story is gruesome, and what was done to these animals is reprehensible, the greater tragedy is the park itself.  It is estimated that there are 60,000 elephants in the park, which has a carrying capacity of 20,000 elephants.  The elephants are so hungry that they strip the bark off teak, rosewood, and baobob trees to get to the cambium for nourishment. The Robert Mugabe regime is so corrupt, and has so bankrupted Zimbabwe (80% unemployment) that the elephants are sadly, just a side issue. 
All I know is that vegan foods should have to invent their own names for shit and stop lying constantly, all the time, about what they are.

I'm 100% on the egg guys side on this.  Mayo is fucking oil, vinnegar and eggs.  If it does not contain those things it can not be Mayonnaise or Mayo.  Definitely not "Just Mayo."  More like "Not In Any Way Mayo."

Does the fact that she's being charged with murder instead of manslaughter mean they have evidence that it was intentional?
It looks like [under CA law](https://www.dmv.ca.gov/portal/dmv/?1dmy&amp;urile=wcm:path:/dmv_content_en/dmv/pubs/brochures/fast_facts/ffvr37) the car was going it's legal speed limit as a neighborhood electric vehicle. It looks like the only problem was too much traffic for the street at the time.
Wait a second, you mean companies are not using the H1B program to bring in qualified staff with unique skills and training (like the guy in the article), but just to bring in cheaper employees to displace American workers?  No way.  

I'm going to sit a spell while someone brings my fainting couch around, as rarely have I never.
Oh wow. I'm the French engineer featured in this story, Theo Negri. Still trying to move back to the US. Hopefully this helps more than it hurts! For those interested in the data, check out http://data.jobsintech.io
Sometimes I wish corporations were actually people so I could stab Comcast.
Online learning is not for everyone. If you need a person to present a lesson to you, or someone to keep you on task, online learning is not for you. Online learning is only good for those that desire to learn independently. You have to be motivated to learn, and you need to have a creative mindset that figures things out on your own.

The problem here is too many kids are being enrolled in online learning, but lack the supervision to get the work done. Or they're enrolled in online learning, but can't figure out concepts without 1:1 help in person. The issue is we're enrolling people in online education that it isn't suited for.

However, online learning can be especially beneficial to some people. For example, kids that suffer from bullying or harassment can focus much better on their studies if they don't have the distractions when at a public or private school. Public schools don't do shit about bullying when reported, I speak from experience. The stress of harassment is exactly what killed my work ethic in highschool. I got so frustrated after each day of school from harassment that I just played online games to cope with stress and half assed my homework because I was too depressed to focus on it.

When I started college, not only were people more mature, but most of my classes were online. For this reason, my GPA in college is actually higher than highschool, despite the content matter being much more difficult.

I've learned far more to advance my career in IT from studying online than I have through on site college courses. This is primarily because I can focus precisely on the content at my own pace, without all the fluff of the professor making comparison's to dumb stuff down and whatnot. Online learning allows me to study at my own pace. There's no such thing as a class that's too fast or too slow.

**Online learning can work, however the student must be committed to learning, self-motivated, and able to independently interpret written information.**
Police violence will continue until cops are arrested and thrown in prison for their crimes.  It won't stop unless they are punished severely.
The NYPD are sure helping people feel bad about those dead cops...
Come on, this dude sure didn't deserve this.
NYPD needs to be flushed and rebuilt.  New cops, different cops.
And no evil superpower union, either.

People always wanna argue the finer points in these types of threads but the altercation shouldn't have happened to begin with. Oh some wet underwear on your car? Laugh about it and move on. The fact he would stop and hassle some kids over that automatically makes me doubt his side of the story cuz he sounds like an authoritarian shithead.
"After the shooting, Gillespie returned to his cruiser and obtained another firearm. According to the lawsuit, Gillespie told other officers he was concerned there would be an altercation when Hill’s family arrived at the scene of the shooting." 

So the officers thought process was, "I just murdered their son. I better get another gun just in case they are upset about it."

This man should be on death row. 
&gt;“It’s difficult to imagine any circumstances where an unarmed teenager, who had not committed a crime, would be shot by a police officer not once but twice, resulting in his death,” Berthold said.

That's like an everyday thing now. 
How about.... Universal Healthcare?

Take it from someone who works in healthcare and deals with insurance every day. It'd be better.
So what we need to do is make strickter gun laws on how many stolen guns a person can be in possession of to stop stories like this in the future. 
Hey there Saudi shit-bags, how's that ISIS funding thing working out for you?  Seems your boys are just a bunch of murderous psychopaths.  Is this what your Wahhabi Sunni Allah wants?  If so you and your sect need to be removed from the planet.

I sincerely hope an international coalition targets missiles against these rich Saudi bastards in their Saudi Arabian compounds.
Illegal marijuana will continue to be sold under a long standing, unregulated, tax free, neighborhood program. 
This type of shit is becoming a caricature of itself.  At one point the man is on his knees with his hands interlocked behind his head screaming "please, stop, help me" and they are beating him with their batons.  They should be fired and arrested on assault charges.
Emboldened police: Once they get their blood up from chasing a suspect, they have to relieve the Adrenalin rush by beating the suspect. Good cops who don't report bad cops are also bad cops. 
&gt;A few years earlier, Perry had received a campaign contribution from Anagnost 

&gt;Gov. Fallin didn’t want any more calls from Rick Perry about this, that Gov. Perry said it was a travesty and what would it take to make it go away...

Wow...just fucking wow what these disgusting dirt bags will do for money.
Bonjour Mother fuckers. 
&gt; One protester called for a more diverse range of courses focusing on issues such as social justice and community activism. The students also said they wanted to be part of the process for hiring new faculty and staff.

http://www.latimes.com/local/lanow/la-me-ln-how-racial-tensions-boiled-over-at-claremont-mckenna-20151113-story.html

Well the grownups are abdicating and the professional grievance kids are running the asylum.  We're fucked.
"I'm so very sorry for being white, please forgive me." — Pretty much every college administrator right now
As a white male, I don't deal with or understand exactly what the students are upset about, and I would like to. Based on what their signs say, it seems like they feel the school is treating the like a statistic? In this case there is a guy holding a sign saying "cultural appropriation is racist." Isn't that more of a general comment? Something that shouldn't necessarily be directed at the university, but rather society in general? Can someone help me understand this issue a bit better?
The students seem to be fed-up with some kind of injustice, yet they are protesting this injustice at places they attend voluntarily? If I have a bad experience somewhere that I volunteered to go, I just don't go there anymore.

It's not like in 1950 when there were actual laws on the books allowing racial discrimination that you couldn't walk away from voluntarily. You couldn't attend schools because they didn't allow your race, that's a legitimate reason to demand equal representation.

By comparison, today, if things are so bad, these kids can just walk away from campus, it's voluntary to be there. No one is forcing their attendance. They are not chained to their desks.

There are HBCUs they can attend if they are so uncomfortable around white students. They could go into the workforce, they could move to a country with demographics that suit them better. These aren't oppressed people.

They act like they'd prefer to be on a segregated campus, while arguing for inclusion, it's bananas.
With this one weird trick the government HATES!
Well not really 'you', just the billionaire bankers who have access to supercomputers that can process the transactions necessary to profit off of said information leaks in mere milliseconds.
As Ron and Rand Paul have been saying for a while, Audit. the. Fed.
Ahh the old "you're all going down with me"-aroo
Someone criticized her (politics ain't beanbag), so she leaked secret [grand jury testimony to embarrass the critic](http://articles.philly.com/2015-04-29/news/61620732_1_grand-jury-grand-jurors-attorney-general-kane).

She lied to cover that up. Then she got indicted for both.

Now that she's going to trial, she's leaking information again to embarrass her critics--exactly the thing that got her in trouble in the first place. 

The ["pornographic" emails](http://www.post-gazette.com/news/state/2015/11/02/Pennsylvania-Supreme-Court-No-discipline-for-judge-Eakin-who-exchanged-offensive-emails-kane/stories/201511020136) were basically just the NSFW stuff you see on r/funny.

The one called "[most egregious](http://articles.philly.com/2015-10-02/news/67075971_1_attorney-general-kathleen-kane-doctor-daily-news)" is:

&gt; In 2010, Eakin sent an email to five people - including then-Senior Deputy Attorney General Jeffrey Baxter - that included a joke about a woman who goes to the doctor, "beaten black and blue."

&gt; The woman complains to the doctor that her husband "beats me to a pulp" when he comes home drunk and the doctor advises her to swish sweet tea in her mouth and not to swallow until her husband is asleep. When the woman returns to the doctor, she marvels at how well the therapy has worked. The punchline from the doctor: "You see how much keeping your mouth shut helps?"

Inappropriate? sure, but not as bad as leaking grand jury testimony and lying under oath. 
They should have recorded her voice that would have helped a little more
It would be hilarious if she spoke Spanish or something. 
You mean telling hundreds of classmates that they're the reason black people fail is not endearing and, in fact, is starting to piss them off? Je suis vraiment choque!
Two weeks in and we finally see some dissent. 
&gt; It also criticized what it called the public shaming and cyberbullying of a Claremont student and her friend who were posted on social media wearing a Mexican sombrero and mustache for Halloween. The students have repeatedly apologized, but requests to take the photo down have been rejected.

Next year have a costume featuring lederhosen and see who protests that.
History repeats itself. Race protests at colleges, proxy wars, Russia in Europe, new Star Wars movie, Iran deals.
Ben Shapiro had a great interview where he demolished BLM with facts. Definitely worth checking out. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=__Vj3DXwOBI

It's hilarious how these babies are claiming they're having nervous breakdowns over the most trivial shit - emails and poorly worded comments and "perceptions" that people are racist toward them.

These must be some of the most mentally weak people to ever walk the Earth.

If they find a penny on the ground, but it's tails side up, they have a nervous breakdown and can't eat or study for a week.

We should hate these people for a good reason, not because they're minorities but because they're fucking dumb ones.
The heat of the coil is not the issue so much as the explosive as fuck lithium.  It can vary from flame to small caliber total force.

I was charging a battery 14500, and it ejected itself from the horizontal charger, hit my ceiling with enough force that I was amazed it didn't leave an impression.  Acrid robot sex smoke filled the air.  The charger no longer worked.
Caregiver burnout got too real. Damn.
Clearly this girl cracked under the stress.  Hopefully she can get some help in prison.  I'm really conflicted in this case.  Yeah she murdered someone, but caring for a bed ridden close relative *your whole life* is bound to drive anyone crazy.  

Personaly, I hope I have the option to end my life if I'm ever hopelessly bed ridden.  
"It's a trick! Bomb them now before it's too late!"  
Seems the LAX is run by Los Angeles World Airports, which is a oversight and operations department for the city of Los Angeles, California that receives no funding from the city’s general fund.  So, if they are paying for this out of the airport's profits with the intent to increase those profits, then why the fuck not do this?  If it makes more money for the airport, and then they can in turn use that money to make flying more affordable for everyone, then it's good for everyone.  At worst it's good for some people, but changes nothing for the others.  I don't see the downside here.
&gt;**The Department of Homeland Security released a statement to NBC confirming two Syrian families were taken into custody Tuesday, but clarified that they families weren't trying to "sneak in."
DHS confirms that on Tuesday, members of two Syrian families, two men, two women and four children, presented themselves at a port of entry in Laredo.** They were taken into custody by CBP and turned over to ICE for further processing. The two adult women and four children were transferred to the South Texas Family Residential Center in Dilley, Texas. The two men from these families are being held at the South Texas Detention Center in Pearsall Texas. Due to privacy issues, no additional information will be provided at this time.

They literally turned themselves in hoping to claim asylum. 

Misleading fear mongering headlines like this make me think America has become a nation of paranoid pussies &amp; cowards. No wonder ISIS thinks they can beat us. 

&gt;DHS confirms that on Tuesday, members of two Syrian families, two men, two women and four children, presented themselves at a port of entry in Laredo. They were taken into custody by CBP and turned over to ICE for further processing. The two adult women and four children were transferred to the South Texas Family Residential Center in Dilley, Texas. The two men from these families are being held at the South Texas Detention Center in Pearsall Texas. Due to privacy issues, no additional information will be provided at this time.

They don't seem to be a threat to anybody, it's just two couples with their kids. They turned themselves in at the port of entry. Headline is misleading.

Imagine the shit they must have gone through to get to the American border. Kind of inspiring what they had to do for freedom. 
[Wired had an interesting article about this... ](http://www.wired.com/2015/11/turning-away-refugees-wont-fight-terrorism-it-might-make-it-worse/)

&gt; “Why would an ISIS terrorist sit and wait to be a refugee for three years to get into the US, when they could get a radicalized European citizen and fly here on a visa waiver and then live here under the radar?” says Anne Speckhard, director of International Center for the Study of Violent Extremism. Or maybe the terrorist isn’t a European citizen. “They can fly to Mexico and get across the border and it’s a much faster way than the refugee route,” says Speckhard.

&gt; According to the Bureau of Population, Refugees, and Migration, of the 3 million refugees admitted to the US since 1975 (785,000 since 9/11), roughly a dozen have been arrested or removed due to security concerns. 
The police doing an investigation just means that they've been caught after the public posted a video. Police investigation should be renamed, "police forced to realize they were caught and are forming a team to come up with the best explanation and mildest penalty."
The police have investigated the police and have found the police have done nothing wrong.
Yes, he definitely fucking should be extradited. 

I find it ridiculous that hollywood ostracized Mel Gibson for going on a drunken rampage but gives Oscars to a fucking child raping piece of shit.
Probably murder. Just Putin it out there. 
Considering China's new aggressive stance in the Pacific I think Hawaii is better off as a state.
The article's title is absurd. The article itself has much more to do with native tribal designations than it does Hawaiian secession as the ridiculous title suggests.

Not to mention the reality that you can find several dozen people in any state who want to secede from the union...
Hawaii would immediately become another third world dump, just like every other independent island in the pacific.  Then they'd complain how no one helps them.
And there is more than a few Native Americans that would also like their nations back, doesn't mean it will happen.
Wow. This is beyond a terrorist's wildest dreams. All he has to do to paralyze an entire city is to drive towards it. Never in history have we surrendered so much power so willingly.
He'll get out in 600 with good behavior. 
What is next, internment camps?
You know there is a problem when citizens accept people stealing from them because they think they are the police.
Real cops can do it, its no surprise fake cops can get away with it. 

We need to make it illegal for real cops to do it in the first place. 
From the article:

&gt; Medical air transport is a $4 billion industry in the U.S... But, firing up the engine of a medical transport helicopter will cost you about $25,000 before the bird ever leaves the ground. After that, it could be $300 per mile.

&gt; In Oklahoma, most medical helicopter companies are considered out-of-network providers...  In some cases, commercial health insurance policies will have a provision to pay for a portion of the transport, but it is a fraction of the total bill... In those cases, the helicopter company bills the patient for the remaining $20,000, $30,000 or $40,000.

In this particular instance, Jodi Lopresto was insured and paid her health insurance. It wasn't a lack of insurance that left her with the bill. 

When a lot of people were complaining about how the ACA doesn't classify junk insurance policies as adequate for the minimum standard, a lot of people were upset. They insisted that they should be the ones to determine what insurance coverages are best for them. 

But many people also tend to assume their plans covered what they deem to be essentials: hospital visits, emergency transportation, surgery, and long term care for illnesses like cancer. They assume that a basic plan covers basic services and who would disagree that these services are basic? 

*This* is why universal health care with adequate and comprehensive minimum coverage is necessary. 
&gt; If the citizens of Oklahoma want change in this industry, they need to call their state legislator.

Their legislator, who will tell that small government is best, and deregulation always leads to lower prices.
It's kind of funny the irony, parents complaining about an educator while not knowing what pornographic means
It's sad, but it's pretty normal for Mormons (particularly in Utah) to associate a female showing her shoulders as pornographic. Church leaders have taught that girls with revealing clothes are essentially "walking pornography". I've even seen moms insist their 4 year years cover their shoulders because of modesty concerns.

On a related note, see Brother Jake explain [Modesty in the LDS Church](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g2WrrIdUr6k).
Drawing attention to a film by calling for a boycott in defense of morality is the best publicity a violent film can get.
I love how being anti-murdering-human-beings-in-the-streets is being a "cop-hater"

By their logic, being a cop-lover is being a supporter of the wholesale slaughter of human beings without any due process. 

Pro-cop is pro-murder, you heard it from the police union directly. Support for cops is support for dead bodies people
[deleted]
With this kind of continuous and indefinite punishment, it would seem sensible to migrate.
&gt;The Fourth Amendment of the United States Constitution states that the government cannot search persons, their houses, papers or effects unless a search warrant has been issued upon probable cause, supported by oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized. Basically, the government cannot search you, your home or your stuff without a proper probable cause search warrant.&lt;

unless it is the NSA then fuck your rights.
How on earth did the complaint even make it that far? There are at least four stages here where somebody could have said "no" (the other passenger, the attendant, the captain, the police). How were none of them willing or able to say, no, that's not a reasonable concern?
the only thing I distrust more than police reports is eye witness accounts.
But Reddit was so sure those racist cops killed him! Even the "witnesses" said the racist pigs killed him!

Lol. 
someone dies because kids are playing a game to deliberately knock someone out...and it's manslaughter 2?

and now he's out on bail after his current threat?

i don't want to jump to conclusions or anything, but WTF?
Not a hate crime, victim was white.  
Oh so you can close the borders huh?
I think the administrative decision in many of these situations stem not from assuming the boy is a gang member, but trying to protect him from rival gangs who do. Gang violence is no joke.

[Example](http://homicide.latimes.com/post/family-mourns-tavin-price/)
"The three suspects have extensive criminal histories."

Then why the hell are they on the street?
We need to bring back the Colosseum. I'd pay to watch tigers mutilate these fucks.
Well here is an example of three black lives that do *NOT* matter.
Bravo to him for realizing he had a problem, and an OH MY GOD!!!, bravo to the sheriff's for not charging him. Addiction is a sickness not a crime. It's time the US realizes that. 
Maybe, someday, we can all be as enlightened as West Virginia.
We need to cut ties with Saudi Arabia. There was once a time when there wasn't an Islamic terror problem but they changed all that.
Let me know when an alive comet whizzes by
[In case anyone is curious, I snapped a pic when it passed by.]( http://i.imgur.com/j7O0vJF.jpg)
The real problem is drip irrigation. Farmers are dumb as shit and still water their fields by using sprinklers. In the central valley where most of the farming is done it's 90 degrees all year long and the water evaporates before it hits the ground or is wasted by fuckin sprinklers. There is no reason why CA shouldn't mandate drip irrigation for farming. Civilian water use is a fraction of what agricultural water uses is in CA. It pisses me off that I get notices from my county for using a few too many gallons of water and I can drive to Monterrey and see every farm for miles running their sprinklers over millions of acres of property at noon when it's 90 degrees. Fuckin bullshit state. Either we will learn or we will literally use all our water. The drought is so real and so scary. 
The article cited by the new york times has this gem:

&gt;David Wilson, a homeowner in Los Angeles’ Mid-Wilshire neighborhood, got slapped with $600 in fines for watering on the wrong day of the week and letting runoff flow into the street. He blamed a sprinkler malfunction.

&gt;Wilson thought the fines were excessive, and he said he was shocked to learn that the city was publicizing his name and address because of the violation.

&gt;When a reporter showed him a list of mega-users, with names withheld by the city to protect their privacy, Wilson said, “That’s asinine. These are the people that people should be going after.”

So not only are they ignoring the wealthy while going after the less affluent, they are publicizing the names of the less affluent while protecting those of the wealthy. What the.

https://www.revealnews.org/article/the-wet-prince-of-bel-air-who-is-californias-biggest-water-guzzler/
we all need to work together to fix this for example i heard that the under ground water was gone and making cali sink so i put my garden hose in the street drain and left it running for the past 3 months
&gt;She has given up daily showers and cut her family’s water use nearly in half, to just 178 gallons per person each day.

I can't fathom using 178 gallons a day. What am i missing that would be the unexpected amount. Clothes, Dishes, Showers, I'm not sure i'd even hit 100/day/person, especially after tearing up the lawn.

edit: Toilets? 1gallon per flush, i'm not shitting and pissing more than 3 times a day.
Came for the article on benches, thinking the mayor was being an asshat to homeless. Stayed for the whiny, bitch ass chargers who want to raise taxes on the people of san diego to pay for their multi-million stadium, or they will leave.

They  re the adult equivalent of a grade schooler who threatens to g home if he doesn't get what he wants.

TL;DR, Let the Chargers go to OC. I've got news for them, no one in OC likes them, even fewer in LA like them.
She apologized for her "strategy." Can her.
Let's be clear: She, as a public employee, not only used her position of authority to oust a student journalist from filming in a public place, but she also threatened him with violence. Sorry lady, but your bullshit boilerplate apology is not enough. She should lose her job and be forever blacklisted from academia for abusing her authority to subvert the very ideals that are so fundamental to our system of higher education.  

If it's any consolation, I'm sure the other baristas will love to hear about her Ph.D work on Twilight and Lady Gaga. 
So how did it work out for the University president when he apologized?
This story is the gift that keeps giving. Reposting from another thread:

1. The family of Jonathan Butler, who went on the hunger strike, apparently has a net-worth of 20+ million.
He is literally a member of the 1%.

2. There is no evidence of the poop Swastika besides hearsay. The image that has been floating around Reddit was from 2014. http://thefederalist.com/2015/11/10/was-the-poop-swastika-incident-at-mizzou-a-giant-hoax/

Edit: 

One more: The student body president, Payton Head, who made the original claim about racial slurs being yelled at him from a passing truck, just claimed that the KKK was confirmed to be on campus, only to get called on his BS and retract his statement shortly after!
https://twitter.com/ClayTravisBGID/status/664322028355366912
Sheep not goats submitter. How do you put 2186 sheep on a plane anyway? If you were packed that tight into a space you would start crapping up a storm too.
 
Can we not call him a "mastermind" please. Einstein was a mastermind, these guys are fucktwits.
"_____ contains chemicals known to the State of California to cause cancer."

I think at this point they'd be better off with labeling the things that *don't* cause cancer, given how few there are. We can safely assume the rest are carcinogenic, including both sunlight *and* sunblock, grilled foods, alcohol, and a host of other things that are simply a part of many people's everyday life.
Since I was a child, red meat has been both bad and good for you. 

Same for eggs.

Same for bacon.

Same for bread.

Same for butter.

Same for honey.

Same for potatoes.

Pardon me if I don't change my diet based on this or any other single study at this point. 
&gt; Smith worked from an early age at the restaurant and later lived in a nearby cockroach-infested apartment owned by the business, his attorneys said. They called the living conditions “subhuman.”

&gt; Smith was forced to work 18-hour shifts six days a week and an 11-hour stint on Sundays, they said, and he wasn’t paid for much of it or allowed breaks. The attorneys estimated that Smith was paid about $2,842 yearly.

&gt; He was hit with a frying pan, burned with grease-covered tongs, and beaten with butcher knives, belt buckles and fists “while being called the N-word repeatedly,” the attorneys said. The assaults took place in places like a walk-in freezer as he screamed for his life, they said.

That's fucking deplorable.
I'm not denying that there was a racial motivation here, but the article says he was targeted because he was black. It sort of seems, by the things they did, that the mental handicap made the guy a target more than his skin color. 

Either way, it doesn't matter. Lock these fuckers up, throw away the key, sell their assets and give it to the poor fucker they hit with frying pans. It's astounding that this went on for as long as it did. 
1. There are about [22 million veterans](http://www.census.gov/library/infographics/veterans.html) in the USA. 
2. There are [240 million people] (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Demographics_of_the_United_States#Ages) aged 15 and older in the USA.
3. Veterans represent about 10% of the general population.
4. Veterans represent about 10% of the death row population.
5. Water wet? 
Guess who has two thumbs and is glad they sold all their energy shares, this guy.  I pointed to myself with my thumbs if you guys missed it. 
So when can we start treating gangs as domestic terrorists and hauling them off? This shit has got to stop. 67% of the murders in the US are drug/gang related. If that's not domestic terrorism I dunno what is.
Did no one here bother to read the article?

This is a branch of the knock off KFC out of Turkey and has nothing to do with actual KFC.
I think I just witnessed a full circle media story.  User posts footage of Halloween hidden camera on Reddit, it goes to the Frontpage.  I see it posted on Facebook the next day and it goes viral on YouTube, and now it makes Reddit again as a news story.  Cool! 
CNN is sad that the suspect didn't have a gun. 
Footage just confirms that there wasn't any other side of the story, cop forced his way in because he didn't like that the guy tried to enforce his rights.
Despicable actions by the San Francisco government. The gun store owner Steven Alcairo seems like a real honest guy who is being badly mistreated.


Mark Farrell (the district supervisor pushing the new regulations) is pure garbage filth. His whole reasoning behind this is that he equates the fact of rising crime to this ONE gun store. As if criminals are coming in to purchase firearms through background checks and registration.


[Never before have I had an urge to just punch a guy like this.](http://www.guns.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/Supervisor-Mark-Farrell.jpg)


edit:  Here are the requirements.

&gt; The city ordinance, as outlined by Farrell, would mandate that all sales of firearms or ammo in the city limits be recorded on video and stored for a minimum of five years. Further, it directs a list of personal data be collected from any buyer and transmitted to the SFPD within a week of the sale. This data would include:

&gt;* (1) The date of the transaction;
* (2) The name, address and date of birth of the transferee;
* (3) The number of the transferee’s current driver’s license or other government issued identification card containing a photograph of the transferee, and the name of the governmental authority that issued it;
* (4) The brand, type, caliber or gauge, and amount of ammunition transferred;
* (5) The transferee’s signature; and
* (6) The name of the permittee’s agent or employee who processed the transaction.

Big brother is watching.
It's the same kind of tactic right wing politicians pull on abortion clinics in the south. Death by 1000 papercuts. 
No one is coming for your guns! Darn conspiracy theorists!
"Johansen has drawn the ire in Utah for past rulings that were criticized as arbitrary. He once sent a teenager to juvenile detention over a poor report card, and in 2012 he reduced a 13-year-old girl’s community service hours only after she had her ponytail chopped off in court – a punishment for the teenager’s part in cutting a three-year-old’s hair."

Sounds like the type of professional you want in charge of making important non-biased legal decisions.
I always thought it was bullshit when my mom and her sisters and nieces went out shopping during thanksgiving/black friday. I could never get through their heads that families were missing family members during the holiday so you could go out and watch other assholes "shop." One year I was away from family and went to a jewish deli to have breakfast the waitress nearly cried when I gave a $50 dollar tip on christmas day. She couldn't believe that I was giving her that amount of money when the bill was only $20. I'm not even a religious man but the tradition of being together with family during the holidays should go unchanged. 
They should scale back on their funding of terror groups.  
Comcast announces Password Reset fee 
This is a standard method to try and break a hunger strike. Cook very aromatic food where the striker can smell it, and eat food where the striker can see it. More than anything the guards want a return to normalcy and this is a proven method to expedite that return.
I honestly don't see a problem with trying to get the strikers to eat. 
So the article is implying that troopers are marking "white" in the race/ethnicity box to skew the numbers so it doesn't appear they are pulling over a disproportionate amount of minorities. 

This seems to be an easy problem to solve. If they just have people self-identify their race/ethnicity when they apply for a driver's license, then the data can be pulled from that, and there's no ambiguity on the part of the officer. 
This has been top news in the community since it happened and ruling it suicide was kind of inevitable after the coroner refused to assign a cause of death(which the cops mercilessly attacked him over). The past two months have been the police trying to find an alternative theory while the truth has been staring them in the face.

As an aside the Fox Lake PD is a dysfunctional police department that has its own corruption scandal going on. I dunno how much it had to do with Lt. Joe's suicide, but it's not the cleanest PD around.
&gt;He was shot twice, with both bullets from his service weapon, authorities said. The first shot struck his bulletproof vest, with the force of a “sledgehammer.” The second bullet struck the upper left chest region and killed the veteran officer.

Why would a man who wanted to commit suicide shoot himself in the chest while wearing a bulletproof vest?
This is actually the second time black church arsons have been in the news this year. Both times the culprit ended up being proven to be a black man, and both times the community in question and the media said it had to be a hate crime perpetrated by whites.
[deleted]
They should disperse it amongst his numerous victims. 
$4900/month. For the rest of his and his wife's life. Courtesy of the taxpayers.

Way to go, Pennsylvania!
The NICS (National Instant Background Check System) is a federal law that applies to *all* licensed gun dealers in *all* 50 states, even when those gun dealers attend a gun show.

So, in other words, this headline is bullshit.
All states have background checks. More background checks in a given state means there are more guns sold in that state, not fewer.
...As researched by *Everytown for Gun Safety* (One of Michael Bloomberg's Anti-gun advocacy groups).  
[Heh...](http://ajcn.nutrition.org/content/early/2009/03/11/ajcn.2009.26736M.abstract)


&gt; Within the study, the incidence of all cancers combined was lower among vegetarians than among meat eaters, but the incidence of colorectal cancer was higher in vegetarians than in meat eaters.
I'm an old, old man. I've lived to be 137 by not allowing any joy, fun, or pleasure into my life. I would say it's been a wonderful life, but it hasn't. 
I have been a proud Republican for 22 years and I have never been more at odds with my party than I am on the issue of providing safe haven for Syrian refugees. America cannot shut its doors, no matter the cost. As a member of the U.S. military, who works in Washington DC, I think it’s safe to say I am high on the list of ISIL targets. Also, as a member of the Intelligence Community, I know the realities of an ISIL attack here in America. However, if our intent is the defeat of ISIL, then we must consider a strategy broader than bombs.

Consider a Syrian refugee’s worldview. Growing up under the anti-Western, authoritarian Assad regime they have been told the West hates them and the West is evil. ISIL has told them the West can’t be trusted and hates them and is evil. Now, times have forced them to flee, while Asada and ISIL tell them the only refuge is within the corrupt Syrian Government or with the “Islamic State”. Yet, against this tide of propaganda, thousands of Syrians are looking to the West for help. Whose message do we reinforce blocking Syrian refugees entry into the “great melting pot”?

Our response to their cries will do more to stem the tide of radical extremism than all the Predator, AC-130, and B1 strikes combined. I know: I have seen firsthand the results of extending a fist and extending an open hand. I have also seen the impact of leadership. The position of some Republican candidates, rejecting Syrian refugees, places them behind the team with a whip, not in front of the team helping us pull. 

Look, I know you are scared. I am too. But, in this hour, we need a leader. America needs a leader who will say “I know you are scared. I am too… we are going to ensure the acceptance of Syrian refugees with the best checks and balances we have, but we have to help them, and in helping them we help America too.”

America’s greatness is best demonstrated not by building a bigger wall but by building a longer table. I am not advocating America blindly accept Syrian refugees, but I think if the leadership could better explain the robust process we currently have in place to vet refugees some of our fears would be assuaged, not fanned. 

Let it not be lost on any of us that in six short weeks most of us will be watching our children on Thursday night act out a scene. Our hearts will weep a little, as they always do, when we hear them say, “…there was no room for them in the inn.” 

I urge you to take a few minutes, search within yourself, ignore the polling and fearful rhetoric.  Ask yourself what is best for America strategically not just tactically.
To be fair, Duke isn't the only one engaging in this behavior. Legislation from California to Oklahoma to North Carolina all echo this trend of financially penalizing users who are opting for solar panels. That's a bit weird because many states offer such amazing solar panel subsidies for residential users that it's practically free for many. 


The federal government subsidizes up to 30% and states frequently offer additional subsidies. 

[You can find out what you're eligible for by state](http://energy.gov/savings). 
I don't think homework is a bad thing. I think giving too much homework is the problem. Homework forces kids to review what they just learned. 
My issue with homework was the fact that arrogant teachers never considered that students have another 5-6 courses, they cramp homework thinking they are the most important shit you're taking. 

I can't blame them. Kids are in school all day studying for some stupid test and then they have to go home and study just as much all just to pass a test.

It seems to be part of a mindset these days - go to work for 8+ hours, come home and do more work for free. Less time for your own life. Always working towards 'passing' or getting the next project done so that those above you get more.

At some point folks have to say enough is enough and that there is more to life than memorizing something for a test, something you will probably forget months later, and that there is more to life than tossing your family time aside to please an employer.


Asking people NOT to something (but still allowing it) is usually not the best idea. 
Honestly, is anyone surprised that NASCAR fans are flying confederate flags?
This bears exactly the same weight as accusing Twitter of helping ISIS. 

Of course Anon doesn't want people using Cloudflare; it mitigates the impact that LOIC and other DDOS tools can have. DDOS attacks are like 99% of what Anon does these days.

Everyone here likes to shit on Cloudflare ~~because Frederick Brennan stated there was some evidence (IP addresses) linking them to a botnet that attacked 8chan.~~ These people simply do not understand how Cloudflare, as a service, functions. 

EDIT: I very specifically remember him ragging on Cloudflare, but can't find the specific statement. Will see if I can find it

I don't use Cloudflare (some of my clients choose to), but it's absolutely silly to make statements like "Cloudflare hosts scammers and malware" when literally thousands of hosting companies have been doing this for decades on a much more damaging scale. Besides that, Cloudflare doesn't even provide hosting services so even if ISIS wanted to host a VPN, IRC, or forum Cloudflare can offer them nothing for that. 

Sure Cloudflare should probably stop providing services to "bad people" but it's not like you can just flip a switch and be done with it. 
What a bunch of bull, nothing inappropriate about her pictures. She's in competition, would they chide her if she was wearing a sports bra an shorts while she ran a marathon and had her picture taken? 

Sound like some serious jealousy to me. 
&gt;most of the complaints are from student's parents whose kids aren't even in her class.

What the fuck. Goddamn busybodies.
She is RIPPED. Kudos to her. 
Issue 1 was extremely un-controversial. It outlaws gerrymandering. Basically everyone supported it. They couldn't find any editorials against it. And yet it has a 30% no vote.

Are there a significant percentage of people that just vote no to every issue?
If this means that those annoying ass commercials that are on EVERY SINGLE sports game goes away, I'm 100% for this decision. 
Didn't die in vain. Saved 70 Kurdish hostages from death.
&gt; Since all three branches of state government began moving against her over the past year, Kathleen Kane has released hundreds of sexually explicit or otherwise crude emails that had been sent or received by current or former public officials on their government accounts.

Never, ever, assume your emails are private. And especially don't make that assumption if you're a public employee. 

The article goes on to say some are criticizing her for selectively releasing emails from some individuals more than others. But come on, if you're forwarding sex jokes or topless pictures or whatever... You're fucking retarded if you think you're not going to get burned by that later 
&gt; releasing raunchy emails

"Go, little email!  Be free!"
100/2100 * 100 = 4.76% of the student body.

Strong show of support from the silent majority. /s
This must be old school UPS because there's no way a driver has time for that shit now.
The next time I see a UPS commercial and they ask, "what can brown do for you?", I'm gonna yell, "not fuck my pets!"
Fine, but they have to go to Florida
I think we should do everything we can to help them, but short of bringing them here.
Why would we look at that tame shit when the Internet has all the tentacle sex you could ever fap to?
That would be a rather visual deterrent. Crazy guy with huge sword and 3 dogs. Wrong house. 
It's time son. They are after the PlayStation. You must defend the home. Youre a man now.
All those hours watching anime finally paid off
Yeah we get it. Just fucking legalize it already!
Of course! When are cyclists going to learn that they have no rights and their use of the road, including the bike lane, is only based on the arbitrary whims of motorists? 
"Still, 67 percent of wage earners made less than or equal to the average. Median compensation came in at $28,851.21 for the year, up from $28,031.02 in 2013. "

This is the most relevant piece of data in the article, TBH.
I made ~$12k!

Remember when you were playing Life and you drew the $10k salary card, and how awful it was? I can finally say I know how soul-crushing that is in reality.
Someone's making bank and it isn't the average American.

[Goodbye Middle Class: 51% Of All American Workers Make Less Than $30,000 A Year](http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2015-10-21/goodbye-middle-class-51-all-american-workers-make-less-30000-year)
one man, IDF command horrified, man currently suspended from all duties until inquiry is completed. Sounds like brethen condemnation to me. 

http://www.timesofisrael.com/border-cop-suspended-for-threatening-to-gas-palestinians/

Just as we cannot judge all Muslims by the actions of a few terrorists, we cannot judge the entire IDF/Israel by the actions of one soldier (and not even that, as he's a border cop - it'd be like saying a TSA officer is a legitimate police officer).
Full circle in less than a hundred years. Impressive...!  
  
:-p
Fear dominates our society far too much these days.
&gt; "All of a sudden a woman got up when we were about to take off and she just ran, ran right to the back of the plane and the flight attendants were on the PA saying, 'Ma’am please slow down, you have to slow down,'" said passenger Jenna Farelli. "I started praying to God."

Congrats, Jenna, you just got your name attached to a media report about what an idiot you are. 

&gt;"You just never know and I definitely don’t fault Spirit," said passenger Frank Sheffield. "I’m glad for the inconvenience. I’d rather be a little late. At least we got here."

Yeah, but what about the people who got thrown off a flight for doing nothing wrong? are they "glad for the inconvenience?"
well, during the failed experiment of prohibition of alcohol thousands of people were injured from poisoned "industrial use" alcohol, wood alcohol from home distilleries, and other sources.  This is just the same type of thing extended to cannabis.  The prohibition of the thing is far worse than the free/regulated access to that thing.  I learned this by watching "The American Experience: The Poisoner's Handbook".  The American Experience is grinding out some amazing documentaries lately.
The problem isn't the mortgages, in themselves. It's fine to offer mortgages to people with poor credit at a higher interest rate to cover the risk of default. That's giving people opportunity. They make it or fail on their own efforts and work. BUT...the financial crisis was precipitated in great measure by pawning off...securitizing...those lesser quality or poor credit mortgages as AAA rated bonds...that is fraud and that was what people should've gone to jail for EXCEPT....it was perfectly legal.
What year is this that people are still afraid of abortions?

If you dont want one, you dont have to get one.

Disclaimer:  My thoughts are biased because I am a man so I dont think I should have control over what women choose to do with their medical decisions.
This seems like it is potentially a huge HIPPA violation. 
So can all those patients sue the state of Texas for unauthorized distribution of their private health care records?  That has to be some sort of HIPAA violation...
Awesome. I would love nothing more than for Women's health care rights to be a national issue during the coming election. Bye bye republicans.
Dan Bilzerian is a piece of shit
Reading the article and watching the video, I find it hilarious that the jury found that the agent was wrong for only shoving the kid, and not the illegal attempted arrest that followed.

The kid never moved while off camera, and the agent shoved him for what sounds like the child saying "I'll say whatever I feel like"

The kid stands up and is immediately told that he's under arrest, apparently the agent isn't at fault for anything but shoving the kid, even though the child, as of being told he's under arrest, has the legal right to KILL that agent if he attempts to arrest him.

(“Citizens may resist unlawful arrest to the point of taking an arresting officer's life if necessary.” Plummer v. State, 136 Ind. 306.)

(“These principles apply as well to an officer attempting to make an arrest, who abuses his authority and transcends the bounds thereof by the use of unnecessary force and violence, as they do to a private individual who unlawfully uses such force and violence.” Jones v. State, 26 Tex. App. I; Beaverts v. State, 4 Tex. App. 1 75; Skidmore v. State, 43 Tex. 93, 903.)

This agent should lose his job, in addition to doing time for his conduct.

And apparently mostly from suicide, drug and alcohol abuse problems.

Maybe, just maybe, an entire group of people living most of their lives being told every problem in the world is their fault with the added insult of having programs, handouts, scholarships, and job recruiting specifically designed for everyone but them (while being told to pay for it all) might just have an negative impact on that groups mental health. 
Little extra info for those who don't live here. That mcdonalds is right next to a methadone clinic. In that area there are a bunch of junkies just hanging out on the street and also inside the restaurant. Word on the street is that the men that were shot were some of the regulars that hang around, however the shooter drove off in a car and was most likely the dealer. Penn station is right by Macy's and is a big area in town for tourists as well as businesses, however, you go over to eighth avenue and to the west and it feels very dangerous and shady. RIP 
The title of the article is pretty misleading.

The venue didn't want a ton of soda to be sprayed over the walls/floor of the venue. I'm kind of surprised that this sort of thing didn't come up during contract negotiations when they booked the place.
[deleted]
The article only denounced the newly formed white group, and failed to address the black one.  Double standards are why these groups start.
The recent campus riots make me think that there is a certain important demographic among African Americans who are trying to provoke racism against them because they NEED racism. Historically these people used to blame their failures on racism (and often they were right). But now that racism has been at its lowest in US history for a couple of decades, they can no longer credibly blame racism for 100% of their failings. They can maybe blame it for 50%, but the other 50% is on them. This is something that they don’t want to accept – that it’s also their fault and not just white folks’ fault or Asians’ or Latinos’. That’s why they’re trying to bring racism back.

A couple of days ago a few ten-year-old black kids wanted me to give them my pizza. I seriously can’t afford that so I said no. They started shouting at me that I ‘hate’ them. I don’t hate them, but whoever is teaching them to do that is trying to bring racism back.
It looks like one of the police officers has a shotgun others handguns. You'd back up too if someone was shooting an automatic rifle like a Kalishnikov at you. 
I thought for a second that 99 hunters were killed
On twitter Anonymous stated that they never released any information on any threats. 
FBI would never admit some untrained individuals could do more than they can do. Next they will tell us encryption is helping the terrorists or something like that.
&gt;On Thursday the court sentenced two of the boys, who are all aged between 15 and 18 years old, to six months in a juvenile detention centre and another to nine months.

It it normal for teenagers In sweden to get such light sentences in rape cases?
[removed]
I ALWAYS opt out of the scanner when I fly. Fuck security theater. And if you want to be one of the mindless pawns getting paid to violate civil rights then you're gonna have to pat my balls. 
wait, your telling me that trying to compel poor people who cant afford healthcare does not instantly work? That maybe the reason they didn't have health care before was because they were broke and then making them get it would some how make them ... what? less broke? come on. For everyone who was saying this was the best thing ever i've always been saying how does making poor people buy shit they cant afford make it better? "Oh but it will be affordable!".. fucking really? do you even know what that means? to someone whos working two jobs and 60 hours a week and still barely making by because they have a family? unless its twentyfive cents a month it's probably not fucking affordable. This was always about giving the insurance industry, the main problem as they control everything including their own regulation by the government, more money. because the best way to grow your client base is MAKE EVERYONE HAVE TO HAVE YOU. Bring the downvotes.
Just because the government decides a certain percentage of your gross income is 'affordable' doesn't mean you actually have that money to spend. 
The Affordable Care Act isn't affordable for many. Still have high deductibles and copays. Should have gone single-payer like every other developed country.
So if I hide my gun, they give me a "discount".

Nice try Indiana restaurant. 

*pulls out gun*

I'll just take everything. To go.


&gt;"We're talking about millions of immigrant families. They've been waiting and they live in fear every day of their lives of deportation, unable to contribute to their communities," 

Deportation will deliver the illegal immigrants back to their communities where they can once again contribute to their communities.
Are you telling me that destabilizing the region and arming rebels isn't the best way to stop radicalism? 
Introducing Methusalex. One pill a day can drastically reduce the effects of aging. Ask your doctor if Methusalex is right for you. (May cause diarrhea, constipation, sudden extreme aging, spontaneous babification syndrome, the wrath of an angry God, and erectile  dysfunction)
&gt;cisheteropatriarchy

Damn, these words just keep getting bigger and bigger.
Wow.  I thought conservative outlets may have been distorting the #blacklivesmatter movements going around some campuses across the nation.  Nope!   Here's some of the "demands" from the group at UNC Chapel Hill: http://dig.abclocal.go.com/wtvd/docs/111915-unc-demands.pdf

#3 'We demand standardized tests such as the SAT, SATII, and ACT no longer be considered during admission, as high scores correlate most closely with higher income white students.'
(This is true...so they're wanting to base admission based on the color of one's skin rather than one's abilities? Isn't this the racism they're supposedly fighting against?)

#36 'We demand that the Black Student Movement reclaim control of the Upendo Lounge...'
(Because what's better for race relations than having your own area for your group defined by the color of your skin?)

#37 'We demand the elimination of tuition and fees for all students.'
(Because what's better than re-initiating slavery by forcing people to provide services for you at no cost?)

#40 'We demand that priority must be given to hiring and tenuring of faculty of color...'
(Because what ends racism better than hiring based specifically on color rather than qualifications?)

#45 'We demand that UNC hospitals stop employment discrimination against formerly incarcerated people.  Stop criminal background checks for all faculty and staff.'
(Because what's better than having your predator teacher rape you?)

#46 'We demand that free childcare and afterschool care be provided to all students, including transportation to/from campus.'
(Because what's better than thinking that the world revolves around you and demanding for everything to be given to you for free?)

Ending: "Gone are the days where we ask for what is past due to us:  we are here to take what is ours.  Tear it down, or we shut you down."
(Because what is better than demanding things via the threat of violence?)
Your Attention Please:

The shark has been jumped.  I repeat:

The Shark Has Been Jumped!
[removed]
**Narcissistic SJW starter kit**

Step 1: Claim that race is "nothing but a social construct"

Step 2: Claim that all people of a certain race are always more "priviledged" and always subjugate all other races (except those Asians... we don't talk about that)

Step 3: Claim that you can be any race you want to be, cuz, M'Feelin's

Step 4: Hold "priviledge retreat" for students who "self-identify as white". And by *retreat*, we mean a 3 day guilt trip.

Step 5: Vaingloriously pat yourself on your back, get in a circle with all your buddies and perform the SJW tribal reacharound ritual as you elevate yourselves to infinite superiority over mere mortals
You mean we **shouldn't** indulge toddlers who are threatening to hold their breath until they get what they want?

Who knew?
The inmates now control the asylum. 
Martin Shrkeli's action plan: 

1) Buy majority share of Imprimis 

2) Hold minority share of flailing Turing Pharmaceuticals

3) Acquire little know Daraprim and elevate price by 5000% under Turing

4) Act like a total dickhead over social media and national media coverage when inevitable public backlash happens

5) [Have Imprimis announce "amazing" cut back in price of $99](http://www.cbc.ca/news/health/daraprim-imprimis-turing-drug-price-1.3285365) of a pill that was originally $13.50

6) Do a lot of Scooby-doo-esque "Curses!" and "Foiled again!" after announcement 

7) Cry all the way to the bank

Edit: Reading comprehension fail. Linked article states Imprimis plans to sell at $99 per 100 dose bottle - effectively one dollar per pill - not $99 per pill as I stated. I sincerely hope they can do so.  
A jackass?  A *jackass*? 

Bullshit.  A guy who gets pissed off and yells at someone in traffic is a jackass.  A guy who takes advantage of the system to try to get exploit the ill is a fucking monster.  
[deleted]
How's the liberal immigration policy working out for you? 
&gt; "You not prosper and you will not last long"

We got some star trek haters here. 
Yeah good luck with that. 
They know pretty little about American culture if they think anyone cares that they are threatening to blow up the white house. That sounds like a corny action movie threat. Threaten to hurt a cat, now we are going to have problems. 
This new Archer season is getting out of control
[deleted]
Articles like this demonstrate the value of legal firearm ownership
cop tazes himself after he wouldn't stop resisting.


&gt; He added that the person in question may have been a legitimate airline employee who was simply not authorized to be at that particular location at that time.

Ok, Reuters. Take it easy, champ.
So a bunch of privileged rich kids are conspiring to fire an "uppity" black woman because she forgot her place and they're doing it in the name of progressivism?

This is onion level stuff.
"What do we want?!  Free stuff!  When do we want it?!  Now!"
Wow, I am so glad I'm not in her shoes right now.  I don't think I could live with myself after that.  

She managed to kill more people than the Boston Marathon Bombers
What is the process in deciding to name their child Twinkle Twilight?
Unfortunately, however, their name is still Twinkle Twilight.
....is she a toddler or a My Little Pony?
I'm sick of this. We know WHO did it. We know WHY they did it. I hate this appeal to humanity crap every time an Islamic terrorist act comes up. Europe is now feeling the brunt of letting bleeding heart liberals run their countries. 
SLC banned wood burning last year. They did not ban the 2 refineries within 2 miles of downtown or the 2nd largest copper smelter in the world or the thousands of minivan driving cunts that clog the roads. 
Why?  What's the problem?

It's social media.  Don't want somebody watching you on social media, don't post on social media.  
Piece of shit cops, they were growing hemp legally, not even weed which the government said tribes could decide to legalize anyway, all while the DEA looks the other way with Colorado. Who says the government doesn't still like to keep the red man down? 
I love how they mention that the passengers had backpacks. It is fucking spirit airlines, everyone has a fucking backpack because an under seat bag is the only carry-on you can bring without paying $50.
He who give up freedom for security loses both and deserves neither.
1400 young girls...drugged, raped, abused, forced into prostitution, with ruined lives....and the Muslims of Rotherham claim it is THEY who are being "dehumanized"....for being implicated in the scandal! Keep in mind folks, those advocating an adversarial relationship with the police aren't terrorists, they are representatives and leaders of the Muslim community. 

The "tiny minority of extremists" fallacy continues to unravel.
If only they were this afraid when it came time to break the law.
&gt;12 year old charged with a felony

what the fuck? ridiculous!

&gt;said he was going to shoot up the school

eh come on, we've all said stupid shit. school shootings are all over the news, probably making a dark joke.

&gt;friend said he tried to recruit him over the next couple weeks.

odd. really running that joke into the ground, arent you? still though...

&gt;drew a map of the school and showed friend his planned route of executing classmates.

ahhh. nevermind then. as you were, texas LEO.
I say have at it.  No reason why he shouldn't be able to if other religious rituals are going to be held.
Y'know, I've been taking the "Come on America, we're better than this" line for a while, but I'm not sure how much longer I can keep it up. Tennessee politician wants to round up refugees and ship them out of his state, a mayor wants to bring back internment camps, multiple people getting pulled from flights because another passenger equates brown with terrorist... clearly America **isn't** better than this.
It's an award from Glamour magazine, for God's sake. Have you read the garbage they publish?
So here is my question.  What did Jenner do that thousands of other trans people have done before him/her?  How is she special other than for being a celebrity doing it?
You people don't get it. Caitlyn IS a hero. That woman she killed was going to be the next Hitler. 
Bruce Jenner does not deserve a hero award
Fuck that. Demand a living wage and when you get it, spend it somewhere else. All this is doing is sticking your dick further into the trap. 
Guy Fawkes Mask $5

Guy Fawkes Shirt $18

$23 X Millions of people

=Massive profit for the establishment
The clarification is almost as absurd as the original story.  Give the guy a write-up and tell him to go get carts.  He wasn't stealing, he was recycling, GASP.  
What, no sea mine?
very disingenuous title.  Article states that most of the guns and other assorted items were stolen.  Headline should have read "police recover 10K stolen guns" .
&gt;"Your ribbons are crooked. You’re a fake. You are a phony," Hughes said the man shouted.

Stolen valor strikes again way to go idiots.

&gt;He said another man at the airport Saturday tried to rip off his ribbons. Hughes said the man said to him, "I'm an active duty Marine.' And he just ripped the buttons right off."

&gt;He said the men were recording the encounter and taunting him with people watching.

Hopefully they posted it online so someone can notify their CoC. 
&gt; The officer made the other man apologize.

I wonder if the officer took his name and unit. A call to that clown's CO would quickly take care of any future problems. Once again, the journalist falls short of any meaningful investigation. 

I helped contribute this time :) 
The reddit bitches are down voting the hell out of pro gun comments.  Poster beware.
I saw this on the local station.  I hope the cops got the names of the active duty Marines that did this.  They will be in deep, deep, shit.
Sounds like this child MAY have an undiagnosed problem.

Best to handle it by criminal charges and not attempting to find a solution. /s

This will send a strong message to all the other abuelitas out there.
As in, the agents destroyed those fuckin' tamales at lunch.
BLM is a freaking joke. It started off legitimate and was something I could easily get behind, focusing on police brutality involving black people. 

Now its a "I think everything is racism and want to bully and torment others for my cause." 

F that. 
I'm sure they are, just like I'm sure we'll have a mass shooting in the next six months. It's a safe bet. That doesn't mean that I should succumb to the fear mongering, hatred, and racism. 
Well, it's better than shooting  20 students..I guess.
Yeah, cuz boycotting some movies will win back the public's trust in them..
&gt;“Tarantino has shown through his actions that he is anti-police,” the group’s president, John McNesby, said in a statement

He's clearly against police killing people.  Are you pro police-killings, Mr. McNesby?

"The police officers that Quentin Tarantino calls “murderers” aren’t living in one of his depraved big screen fantasies — they’re risking and sometimes sacrificing their lives to protect communities from real crime and mayhem."


Police killed by assault, vehicular assault or gunfire in 2015: 38


Citizens killed by police in 2015: 984


Citizens or police killed by Quentin Tarantino in 2015: 0



tl;dr he makes movies about killing people, we kill people irl, he's the bad guy here. 
Possible causes other than people filming police:


Years of prices increasing on everything except labor.


A large unemployed population of battle scarred war veterans the government is failing to care for.


Prohibition on high demand narcotics providing financial incentive during hard economic times for city folk to delve into crime to pay soaring rents.


Millions of people over the years learning how crime sometimes pays and networking in jail, then having a 75% unemployment rate for felons after release.


Outsourcing of good paying jobs while automation and cybernation eliminate the necessity for so many human laborers.


The Devil.
My favorite response to the Paris:

"Please don't pray for Paris. Think for Paris. Love for Paris. Laugh for Paris. Have sex for Paris. We've had enough religion for one night"
[deleted]
Title sounds way too ominous
She did''t *use* the n-word, she just said it. How are you supposed to have a discussion when you aren't even allowed to say what you're discussing.
When anyone says they want honest discussion about race, it's a trap.
This is quickly becoming ridiculous. How is one supposed to teach what's right without mentioning what's wrong? Should history professors stop using the word "Nazi?" Why are students so afraid of hearing something offensive even when it's presented in an objective manner?

**YOU DO NOT HAVE A RIGHT TO NOT BE OFFENDED.**
&gt;“It was an open conversation about a serious issue that is affecting our campus, and it will affect our teachers. In that regard, I consider it within my purview ... to talk about those issues.”

In case you're not paying attention, open and honest discussion on academic campuses is "racist" now. 

She wasn't using the word to as a slur or to insult anyone, but trying to have an open discourse on a subject that is obviously pertinent to a lot of students.

This is what happens when you cave to SJWs' nonsense and the ridiculous shaming of PC warriors; honest dialogue gets you your life ruined because they can't actually handle a real conversation about a tough subject.
SJWs are just out of control, these people are an absolute cancer on society.

Just ridiculous.
Funny how if you read the article it was a threat made by one guy who was quickly suspended. The army didn't say this, no one official said this, one asshole decided to make waves and got stamped out. 
You have the right to refuse service to anyone.   More so if they are pricks.
They're just motivating us to cure cancer.
So I just skimmed the article, but it looks to me like they are trying to discredit her argument by saying her figures do not count social security and other government benefits, which they shouldn't, those aren't wages.
Someone handling the food between in n out and the end customer has the ability to compromise the food in any fashion. Since in n out cannot control the delivery process, it is in their best interest to not participate. Their name is on the line here, not doordash. It is fairly simple, i believe.
IF you read some of the tweets, especially the one in the article, it really displays how uneducated most of the student protesters were. The professor was correct all along that there was no safety threat and he didn't feel that students or others time should be wasted for no reason.

In another article, amongst many, the student body president admitted to spreading false rumors about the KKK being on campus. Where is the punishment for that? For inciting a riot?
http://www.foxsports.com/college-football/outkick-the-coverage/is-the-entire-mizzou-protest-based-on-lies-111115
&gt; Girl selling herself: "There's a very fine line between prostitution and being a sugar baby," she said.

Um, that line is only in your mind, babe.
A coworker of mine told me she did this all through college. Ended up with some very wealthy millionaire CEO "boyfriends". Ate at 5 star restaurants and slept in 5 star hotels every night. Says she misses it compared with being a poorly paid worker who fucks dudes for free now. I see her point. 

"There's a very fine line between prostitution and being a sugar baby,"

There's also a fine line between a good blow job and a great blow job, but at the end of the day I'm not going to argue the difference.
Selling is legal. Fucking is legal. Selling fucking should be legal. The public has an interest in protecting children and preventing violence, not in stopping consenting adults from doing anything they please in the sack. 
Illegals are totally great for the economy and our standard of living. Lets import more third world poor! Wohoo!
They're the one group that nobody is advocating for, with a future that is not seeking to include them, and a sizeable part of the culture actively despises them.  Who would want to stick around in those conditions?  
I find this a bit ridiculous. She broke the law and she has a dick. I have no problems with transgender people, but allowing her to go to a female prison would be a very slippery slope. 

Also, anyone else find it a bit unusual that the article doesn't mention why she was in prison? 

What the hell is wrong with studying the constructedness of race?  There are all these ethnic groups that we chose to lump together as "white."  WTF do I have in common with Slavs?  White skin?  Wow, that means … nothing. 
&gt; but the woman says she'll never eat there again.

  Hmm odd!  If I knew a place actually took action when staff were caught stealing from customers, it'd be the first place I'd go back to.
I'm guessing the term "context" is taught in post-graduate classes because clearly these undergrads are incapable of separating a word from its context.
The recent campus riots make me think that there is a certain important demographic among African Americans who are trying to provoke racism against them because they *need* racism. Historically these people used to blame their failures on racism (and often they were right). But now that racism has been at its lowest in US history for a couple of decades, they can no longer credibly blame racism for 100% of their failings. They can maybe blame it for 50%, but the other 50% is on them. This is something that they don’t want to accept – that it’s also their fault and not just white folks’ fault or Asians’ or Latinos’. That’s why they’re trying to bring racism back.

A couple of days ago a few ten-year-old black kids wanted me to give them my pizza. I seriously can’t afford that so I said no. They started shouting at me that I ‘hate’ them. I don’t hate them, but whoever is teaching them to do that is trying to bring racism back.
This is getting out of hand. The term Master has absolutely nothing to do with slavery. Guess while we're at it we should stop calling them "Master's Degrees" so as not to offend anyone. I guess chess players are racists, see as they have a bunch of "grand masters". Give me a break.
Where's the best place to hide after you've murdered? Behind a badge!
4 separate attacks at 4 separate locations in Paris per CNN.

This is very coordinated. Multiple gunmen/bombers involved.
https://twitter.com/5h55/status/665281311653928961/photo/1

People throwing bed sheets from their windows to help cover the dead, it's such an odd thing to hear, just made me cry.
In Paris right now, couple blocks away. My brother is a reporter and he went on site, I'm monitoring TV and social media for him, will update this post with anything I get from him.

The metro stations around the attacks are closed so we'll see how close he can get.

EDIT: *11:08* Shotgun reported by people who escaped the hostage situation

*11:12* The stadium seating is almost empty, everybody is on the field probably in case there is another explosive device somewhere

*11:14* 35 dead and 100 hostages at the Bataclan according to AP

*11:15* Stadium is being evacuated through the West gate, according to a speaker annoucement

*11:21* Unconfirmed: new shooting at "Les Halles", right in the center of Paris

*11:2* AFP denies the "30 dead" figure

*11:24* BFMTV claims up to 40 dead

*11:25* People we know in the "secured room" of the Stadium. Cannot publish photos for security reasons

*11:26* #OpenDoor (#PorteOuverte) is being used to locate appartments you can go to for your safety if traped outside1:25* People we know in the "secured room" of the Stadium. Cannot publish photos for security reasons

*11:28* The attackers in the Bataclan **may** have explosive devices

*11:32* New official figure: 39 dead, 60 wounded. 60 dead according to BFMTV

*11:37* Shooting during concert: 3-4 shooters, unmasked, shooting blindly towards the audience according to journalist in audience

*11:43* 6 attacks, Uncomfirmed attack at the Louvre

*11:48*  Obama's statement is blocking most of the channels, hard to get news now

*11:49*  Calls for open doors in Chatelet Les Halles, attacks are confirmed

*11:50*  200 soldiers sent on site

*11:54*  "Any force possible" was sent, according to François Hollande

*11:50*  Curfew, searches, closed zones, closed borders are now happening

*00:00*  Dozen still held hostage in the Bataclan

*00:08*  Stade de France attack **may** be suicide bomber

*00:08*  Uncomfirmed attacks in Louvres, Pompidou 

*00:15*  Lots of police, ambulances and fire vehicles in the streets, otherwise dead silent. Made sure my friends and family are safe.

*00:16*  6 metro lines being closed, not sure how my brother will come back

*00:16*  Schools will be closed

*00:20*  2 suicide attacks, one bombing confirmed

*00:20*  Fuck, shoots reported by my brother

*00:21*  Explosion heard from him

*00:23* : Buses coming in probably for evacuation: his photos https://twitter.com/hugomathy

*00:26* Four explosions happened, possible attacks in Gare Du Nord unconfirmed

*00:27* New explosions heard by him, Metro is closed

*00:33* Police Raid at the bataclan, source **seems** to be the police themselves

*00:34* New explosions and people running, not yet confirmed

*00:36* 5 ambulances and police trucks under my window, no idea why (no gunshot or explosion heard)

*00:37* Some people still locked restaurants surrounding attacks with security curtains closed, for safety.

*00:42* Airports closed, broadcast from scenes may stop. I'll keep reporting without specifics or political crap

*00:44* 7 attacks seems confirmed. Brother is safe, will stay out there for a bit

*00:45* Security forces assault confirmed

*00:47* Ladders on the Bataclan, probably an evacuation

*00:49* 80 dead number seen for the bataclan. Completely unconfirmed.

*00:51* Two terrorists killed, unconfirmed

*00:54* Bataclan assault apparently over. Got a **really high** number of dead, over what I've seen online, but was asked to not publish

*00:56* Metro lines 3,5,8,9,11 closed

*00:57* Official number 41 or 45 dead, probably not up to date

*01:02* Thumbs up to Facebook for launching a crisis system, I get to know all my friends are safe live. Fuck you Twitter for people who "like" our pictures.

*01:02* 18? bodies in Bataclan, not confirmed just overheard

*01:07* Terrorist **may** have been arrested, unconfirmed

*01:12* Fuck. Number of 100 killed in Bataclan is being posted online. That's the number I got earlier.

*01:16* Streets are dead silent. Medias make it sound like it's a war zone but there is less sirens than a night in Chicago.

*01:21* Finally got some news from my brother after 25 minutes of silence. Expect some photos soon, I'll keep covering the event

*01:25* Metro lines not actually closed it seems

*01:28* Emergency vehicles now driving away from the scene (from my window). 1500 military deployed 

*01:30* Museums will be closed tomorrow 

*01:31* 6 dead confirmed in Saint-Denis

*01:32* Schools confirmed closed, any school-organized vacation canceled

*01:33* Red Cross deployed 300 people. I saw a few trucks drive by. 

*01:35* 140 dead official number. I won't speculate but we can expect it to grow. 

*01:36* Official number seems to be 118, not sure if this is Bataclan only or Paris-wide 

*01:38* 18 dead confirmed Rue de Charonne 

*01:39* Props to the Stade De France team for a clean and orderly evacuation, it would have made the situation worse 

*01:40* Paris City hall claims  112 dead, 70 from Bataclan 

*01:47* Public transportation now stopped

*01:49* Lots of cabs in the street now, it should soon be safe to assume the situation is over.

*01:53* Four attackers reported dead 

*01:55* Most of what is being reported is now speculation and unconfirmed information being repeated from outlet to outlet. Nothing new is coming up.

*01:59* New gunshot reported on Twitter, unconfirmed

*02:04* Still nothing about this, probably fake

*02:08* Brother is back here. Thanks everyone for the kind words and support, I'll update ASAP with pictures and if anything comes up.

**Reddit is being slow, sorry for the lack of updates. I'm still monitoring everything and filtering real news**
[This comment will probably be unnoticed but this was Posted last year on a French forum.](http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:http://www.jeuxvideo.com/forums/1-50-171272235-1-0-1-0-attentats-le-13-novembre.htm&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;oe=utf-8&amp;gws_rd=cr&amp;ei=5HNGVvryOoTyaOKZo7AP)

It says:

&gt;*There will be a series of attacks starting from this famous date (November Friday 13th)
Be careful of ALL vehicles, like planes, trains, metro,...
And public places
I have my sources
Enjoy*

[The thread gets then bumped last week with the following](http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:http://www.jeuxvideo.com/forums/1-50-171272235-4-0-1-0-attentats-le-13-novembre.htm&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;oe=utf-8&amp;gws_rd=cr&amp;ei=5HNGVvryOoTyaOKZo7AP)

&gt;*Post before the attack with kalash (Kalashnikov)*

EDIT: Okay guys we all know this can only be a big coincidence and i am sure the guy just "guessed" what will happen. So lets dont dive too deep into the conspiracy hole.

EDIT2: I know guys it seems suspicious but please it's just speculation and nothing is proven!
IMPORTANT:

If you're stuck in Paris, the City of Paris has a free emergency number, 0800406005. The City asks people to stay inside their homes, and to host anyone who is stuck outside.
Heard shootings very close to a restaraunt I was eating in near Bastille about an hour ago.  Was a bit concerned but thought it was probably fire crackers and the waiter assured me I was fine to walk home so I did.   Absolutely fuck this.  

Edit:  thank you for the well wishes. I'm fine and safe in my apartment.  Devastated for everyone affected and for this magnificent city and wonderful people. 
No matter how many times something like this happens, I still get sick to my stomach. It's just overwhelming to think about people who won't get to go home to their lives ones because of senseless violence. Thinking of the family and friends of those involved. 
If you are in Paris outside right now, and want shelter, there's #PorteOuverte on twitter, people will help you !
Interview on CNN summary:

1 - The person interviewing was inside "It was a blood bath:

2 - People were stepping over people trying to escape

3 - the shooters were QUIET (one was young, 20years old), they were saying NOTHING.

4 - Shooters were UNMASKED, were CALM, reloaded.

5 - They were shooting in random directions, still MANY HOSTAGES inside

6 - His friend is still stuck inside, texting him, saying police has NOT entered yet.

Reddit crashed. 

Gunning people down in the street, or when they are at a bar on a friday night or watching a football game. The ideology of whoever is behind this is absolutely twisted and full of hatred. I hope they are caught swiftly and removed from the planet. 

Thinking of all those who have had their hearts broken tonight when they hear its their loved one who was shot and bled to death in the gutter. Tragedy.

edit: to all those telling me it was muslims and i should just say it, I didnt say 'whoever did this' to be fucking coy, I said it to be accurate, at that time we did not know who did it, so yeh, we had suspicions and it seemed obvious but it isnt responsible to 'report' speculation.
https://twitter.com/Conflicts/status/665304303230320640#

There's now been a curfew declared in Paris - the first since 1944
**Not confirmed**



Unclear if legitimate: This was posted on Facebook http://reho.st/self/bb35f753d0f02407cfd3a802b6222f89fc88df4a.jpg It says "I'm still in Bataclan. Badly injured ! They have to raid the place asap. There are survivors inside. They are executing everyone. One by one. 1st floor quickly !!!!"
/u/btc3399 
Fans on the pitch now http://i.imgur.com/19ZSFzR.jpg
Heard they captured someone alive, he is going to get massively interrogated. 
Irish embassy in #Paris+33144176700
British embassy in #Paris +33144513100
US embassy in #Paris  +33143122222
NSFW : [video from a restaurant attacked](https://twitter.com/moushi93160/status/665285095675314176)

Edit: 

[Another video, you can hear gunshots](https://www.facebook.com/298195193543350/videos/1169139583115569/)
Pictures of the French footballers watching the big screens in the Stade de France relaying the tragic news, (just shown on SKY TV) - goalkeeper Lloris just looks devastated.
ALL IN PARIS: Stick to texting with your families to free up bandwidth. Networks overloaded.
BLANKET curfew (as opposed to a few streets) has just been imposed in Paris for first time since Allied Forces were fighting Nazis in WWII.
My mother is there right now and her husband and her were supposed to be at the one of the sites.  We cannot get ahold of them. Does anyone know any ideas how to?
People in Paris, please remember to not post police or troop movements to Reddit or other social media.  

Edit: Thankfully, it seems to finally be over. The only consolation is that the bomb attacks could possibly have been much worse. Now all we can do is thank the first responders and good Samaritans,  hope there is no foolish and misguided "vengeance" taken on refugees or European Muslims, and look for those responsible.
Was at the Bataclan like an hour ago during the shooting. The guy entered through the front door, probably firing like 60 rounds by clips of 30 I would say. The crowd collapsed and we were all laying on the ground.

The guy just fucking spread on the pit, I just prayed not to get hit. People managed to get out by crawling on the stairs of the nearest exit. I just did the same, crawling over other people on the stairs like a fucking cockroach fighting for his life.

Don't know about the performers.

EDIT: For all you kind souls asking, I have been safe and sound at a family member's place since I posted.

I will be contacting the police tomorrow or on Monday. There will not be a lot of going outside this weekend.

The news is that there are about 70 to 100 casualties in the venue. The RAID (french police hit squad) raided the venue and killed the three bastards.

Thank you for your support, take some time to think of the victims instead of writing to one of the survivors. They need it.
IMPORTANT if you are outside in Paris check #porteouverte on twitter. We open our doors to people in need of safety.

**Edit : PLEASE do not flood this hashtag on twitter, leave it for emergency purpose only (ie. if you are looking for or offering a safe place).**
I'm french guy living near Paris watching live news right now. For the moment we are talking about several shootings in the 10th discrit in Paris.
For the background we have avoid an attack few days ago: http://news.yahoo.com/france-says-foiled-attack-marines-toulon-211653159.html

22h15 we just know that there is at least 2 deads and several injured. Very few infos for the moments

22h20 apparently there were also explosions near Stade de France stadium I'm just kearning this

22h22 Arms used in the 10th discrit attack were AK47. Events are still running

22h25 At least 1 killed in Stade de Fance

22h26 French tv presentators: we're not talking about terrorism yet but it smells shit

22h27 There were a lot of people in the streets during the 10th district attack apparently. There is a big football match tonigh. People are confined by police in bars and restaurants



22h31 French president was evacuated from Stade de France

22h34 Fuck at least 18 deads...

22h37 We are talking about hostages in Bataclan, a concert hall in the 11th district, fuck fuck fuck 

22h42 There were 4 explosions at Stade de France near the doors of the stadium

22h44 Apparently people in the stade does not know about the event (sorry if writings are confuse I have family at the phone)

22h49 A lot of police forces are massing around stade de france. There is fear about the end of the match and the 40.000 people that will go out... Please if you are in paris right now stay safe, don't go out if you can suspects are still running

22h55 The situation at Bataclan is critical. Hundreds of people are hostages right now... FUCK I can't tell you how the situation is getting worse

22h58 They have just showed the images at stade de france where we can here explosions. This is a FUCKING coordinated attack, not the amateurs this time. Vendredi/Friday 13. Wtf

23h00 People are quitting the stade de france right now, little scenes of panic. Still 18 deads officially 3 Deads at Stade de France and 15 in the 10th district

23h09 New shootings in the 10th district. Situation is very confused. This is a strange atmosphere, very tense

23h14 Lot a fear for the bataclan. I'm crying. If this is true we're living a tragedy. They apparently entenred the place and begin to fire on hundred of people. They apparently had time to reload several times. What the fuck. For my own sanity I'll this feed stop here sorry and thanks for all the support

My hands are shaking while write this lines... What the fuck why again...

Thanks for the golds. I whish I would never get theses ones...
Fuck I live right next to it, I hear the police sirens going off non-stop... It's pretty fucking frightening, especially in a neighborhod with so many pubs and restaurants, so man people outside this evening... I hope everybody is going to be all right, my thoughts to the family of the deceased.
found this today on 4chan comming from a french site about videogame with forum 

http://image.noelshack.com/fichiers/2015/46/1447450336-a.png
Post avant attentat a la kalash

translation: post before attack with kalash

and this one too
http://image.noelshack.com/fichiers/2015/46/1447452768-screenshot20151113.png
ce soir a paris les kheys. Enfin le peuple en PLS. A nouveau.

translation : tonight i paris the kheys the people in lsp. once again

i think this should be relayed most possible 

sorry for my english i'm french 

edit : translation are the translation of what as been said in the message in the link 
edit 2 : si un francais peut proposer une traduction plus précise et compréhensible ca serait sympa
just asking a french to make a better translation
edit 3 : link to a thread on the french forum where the other message where sent defending himself about his message saying it has nothing to do with it
http://www.jeuxvideo.com/forums/42-50-41822905-1-0-1-0-le-jvcstalker-du-fameux-message.htm
''CNN reporting that terrorists inside theater are slaughtering hostages one by one.''

What the hell
For those using the #PorteOuverte tag, turn off "location" on your device and exchange location info via DM. Please stay safe. 
https://www.periscope.tv/w/1OyJAmadvzDJb a guy is live on periscope from across the street.

It ended now, but listen at 9:55, you can hear a lot of gunshots.

Apparently there are hostages at the concert hall, too.
I'm in Paris right now. I was about to enter a club for a party and it finally had been cancelled due to the shootings. We heard about it after entering the city. There are so many police and army (GIGN) cars, fireman trucks... It is scary as shit. Entire districts have been closed by the police. Schools and universities will be shut down tomorrow. Frontiers are now closed. Everything seems so surreal to me. Hopefully my friends and I head back to our hometown in my girlfriend's car. We are safe. We keep hearing the sirens and see many signals, it's freaking alarming.

We hear from the radio that other explosions take place in this very moment.

I wish the best for people who are kept prisoners in the Bataclan.

Ps : Excuse my shitty english. I'm fucking terrified.
[One of the explosions outside the stadium being heard on live TV](https://streamable.com/oge7) (credit to the original creator)


edit: 

[The 2nd explosion on TV](https://streamable.com/djlr)

[Scenes after the match](https://streamable.com/nb1l)
From the stream: People still inside the Bataclan calling for help: "Please come help us ! They are shooting people one by one ! First floor, quick !"

My worst nightmare. This is real.

Link to the stream: https://www.reddit.com/live/vwwnkuplwr9y

Link to this comment: https://www.reddit.com/live/vwwnkuplwr9y/updates/95d84f88-8a57-11e5-a4d0-0e1752129b87
Hello everyone, this might get buried but I would appreciate all help. I'm an American in Paris at the moment and I'm currently stuck at a bar. I would appreciate any updates that's accurate about the situation outside. They are currently keeping us inside the bar as where I am is extremely close to one of the shootings. Please, if anyone can help me out and just keep me updated I would appreciate it.

EDIT: I'm completely safe, I didn't get to use wifi for a moment so I didn't get to respond to all the kind words. Thank you everyone, I was shocked to receive them when I finally got wifi again this morning. Thank you, thank you. Reddit is such an incredible and warm community. Once again, thanks guys I hope for everyone else you know they are safe and sound as well.
Embassy numbers from embassies reported in /r/europe 

British embassy: +33 1 44 51 31 00

US embassy: +33 1 43 12 22 22

Irish embassy:+33 1 44 17 67 00

Canadian embassy: +33 1 44 43 29 00

Spanish embassy: +33 1 44 43 18 00

Australia embassy: +33 1 40 59 33 00

Mexican embassy number: +33 1 53 70 27 70

Danish embassy number: +33 1 44 31 21 21

Austrian embassy number: +33 1 40 63 30 63

Brazil embassy number: +33145616300 

Italian embassy number: +33149540300

Venezuelan embassy +33 1 45 53 29 98

Russian Embassy Number +33 1 45 04 05 50
[First pictures of the site](https://twitter.com/redmor11/status/665274420873809921) 

[Allegedly two shootings](https://twitter.com/RulaAmin/status/665274296235892736)

[3 explosions outside of Stade de France](https://twitter.com/OlivierGuitta/status/665274283392950273) - these were apparently grenades thrown [source](https://twitter.com/michaelh992/status/665274699530792962)


Live stream, they are interviewing a witness here http://www.france24.com/en/livefeed/

[10 people dead or seriously injured laying on the street according to BBC cameraman](https://twitter.com/AlexSeale/status/665275541004689409)

[Police and Army are shooting now](https://twitter.com/DavidvanHaren/status/665275912775196673)

[No one allowed to leave Stade de France now, (it is where President of France was also at the time)](https://twitter.com/Law247/status/665275829522448384)


[Video at the restaurant after the shooting, from France 24](https://twitter.com/France24_fr/status/665276757939892225)

[Hollande has been evacuated from the stadium](https://twitter.com/mathieuvonrohr/status/665276502498484224)

[witness twitter account!](https://twitter.com/Manutention)

[From @France24:  Now reports of an explosion in another area of Paris.  It's not clear if that's linked to shooting at the Paris cafe.](https://twitter.com/CharlieKayeCBS/status/665278943390470144)

[BREAKING: 3RD SHOOT-OUT IN PARIS. 12 PEOPLE WOUNDED OR DEAD IN THE STREETS.](https://twitter.com/stefandevries/status/665279598175920129)

[Several roads were cut by security forces in #Paris. Ambulances evacuating wounded victims now.. (PICTURES)](https://twitter.com/RamiAlLolah/status/665279779566977024)

[Picture of 6 bodies lying on the street](https://twitter.com/5h55/status/665278434772389891)

[french special forces (RAID) are preparing for an assault now. 11th district is locked](https://twitter.com/cahitstorm/status/665280307608817664)

[liberation news paper has a journalist on site](http://www.liberation.fr/france/2015/11/13/fusillade-dans-le-10e-arrondissement-de-paris_1413313)

22:32, France24 is interviewing a witness again, she says she doubts there was just one person, she heard 25-30 shots

[another witness twitter account, they are still at the scene](https://twitter.com/sandraregol)

[BBC reports at least 10 dead](https://twitter.com/haningdr/status/665281595763363840)

[BREAKING :At least 18 dead in Paris attacks - AFP citing police](https://twitter.com/BNONews/status/665281813355565056)

what the hell? suicide attack being reported, i dont know if it is true but i will link. [2 suicide attacks, one on forecourt of Stade de France, another nearby" according to Trade Union Alliance on @LCI ](https://twitter.com/reportedly/status/665281119370235904)

[CNN affiliate in France saying 18 killed in restaurant shooting alone.](https://twitter.com/intelwire/status/665282362553540608)

[#BREAKING Hostages taken at Paris Bataclan concert hall, police say](https://twitter.com/AFP/status/665282682386010112)


[Video of aftermath of the explosions](https://twitter.com/Conflicts/status/665282846169423872)

[ambulance/police convoys responding](https://twitter.com/MaximeHaes/status/665278424278302720)


telegraph reports there are casualties at stade de france (i heard it on france24 live stream)

[PARIS POLICE: TWO SUICIDE ATTACKS NEAR STADE DE FRANCE; several injured](https://twitter.com/stefandevries/status/665284330789433345)

[map of attacks in paris](https://twitter.com/visactu/status/665277917333553152)

student witness accounts, someone screaming allahu akbar [source is liberation newspaper](http://www.liberation.fr/direct/)

[30 dead according to breaking3zero quoting AFP](https://twitter.com/Breaking3zero/status/665285224540975104)

[Around 60 people said to be inside #Bataclan concert hall in hostage situation](https://twitter.com/BBCkatyaadler/status/665284746239418370)

france24 reports that police found a dismembered body near the explosion (from the lvie stream)

[gas cannisters with nails and bolts were said to be detonated outside of the stadium](https://twitter.com/Breaking3zero/status/665286386765860864)

[AP now reports 26 dead](https://twitter.com/AP/status/665289003877445634)

[usatoday photos from paris](http://www.usatoday.com/media/cinematic/gallery/75730470/paris-attacks/)

[PHOTO: French military deployed on the streets of #Paris as a large scale terror attack is taking place](https://twitter.com/Conflicts/status/665290706211205120)

[40 plus dead now](https://twitter.com/PopWrapped/status/665295642051260416)


I recommend visiting live stream found [here](https://www.reddit.com/live/vwwnkuplwr9y), will update quicker than me. 


[active firefight with police at 23:37](https://twitter.com/Conflicts/status/665296962090987520)


#I won't be updating this comment any more, but will contribute to the live thread which can be found at

#https://www.reddit.com/live/vwwnkuplwr9y
From twitter, the [Omni Hotel in Dallas.](http://imgur.com/5olc69V)
Up to 6-8 gunmen all together in 3 attacks. 12 killed https://twitter.com/RamiAlLolah/status/665279213814079488
This is fucking disgusting. Very few things in this world make me this angry. People need to band together not as french, american, christians, non-religious, whatever the fuck you are, but as humans against this shit.


No one deserves to be minding their own business by themselves, with their friends, family, SOs or whatever and be gunned down/stabbed/blown up for no fucking reason.


It's sickening. Rise against this shit.


edit since not really seen below: 

I can only hope that every major world power will band together to eradicate the people responsible for these things from the planet. I'm not pulling a "someone do something", I'm pulling a we need to put all other differences aside right now because this is one of the biggest problems we have ever faced as a collective population.

More and more terrorist attacks are occurring in closer and closer proximity, and this sort of thing damages entire nations, not just the people who lost their lives or were injured today. 
LIVE THREAD: https://www.reddit.com/live/vwwmqtrc17ul
**AFP reports at 23:00 CET:**

- Two shootings. 

- Hostage situation in a concert venue. 

- Multiple explosions at a bar near the soccer stadium Stade de France. President François Hollande was present at soccer game, he has been evacuated.

- 26 dead.



**Update at 23:10 CET, source AFP through NRK:**


- 15 of the mortalities at the concert venue Bataclan, where Eagles of Death Metal were performing.


- 30 dead.


- 60 hostages at concert venue Bataclan.



**Update at 23:20 CET, from BFMTV**

- At least 40 dead.



**Update at 23:24 CET, from AP**

- Estimate of 100 hostages at Bataclan.



**Update at 23:30 CET, BBC through Twitter**

- French journalist Erwan Desplanques claims 5-6 attackers at Bataclan.


**Update at 23:35 CET, CNN**

- Vice mayor of Paris, Patrick Klugman, "unconfirmed reports of suicide bombers at soccer stadium Stade de France"

**Update at 23:36 CET, NRK**

- Unconfirmed reports of shootings at Les Halles, a shopping center in Paris.

**Update at 23:45 CET, French Police, Breaking3zero through Twitter**

- 6 coordinated attacks.

**Update at 23:48 CET, CNN**

~~- Attacks at Louvre and Centre Pompidou, museums in Paris.~~
Retracted by CNN, still floating around on NRK. Unconfirmed. 

**Update at 23:50 CET, BNO News**

- Unconfirmed reports of 60 mortalities.

**Update at 23:55 CET, BBC**

- President Hollande declares state of emergency, and borders closed.

**Update at 00:05 CET, BBC**

- President Hollande confirms ongoing situations.

**Update at 00:13 CET, AFP**

- Explosion at Stade de France believed to be suicide bomb.

**Update at 00:23 CET, AP through NTB**

- Two suicide attacks, and one bomb.

**Update at 00:28 CET, eye witness report, Reuters through BBC**

- Five explosions and gunfire heard at the Bataclan.

**Update at 00:31 CET**

- French police urges no reports regarding Bataclan, ongoing operation. Please refer to live stream at https://www.reddit.com/live/vwwnkuplwr9y




**[Live streams are now up and running, will cease updates here.](https://www.reddit.com/live/vwwmdb26t78v)**
Shootings at the Bataclan (known spectacle scene) during the show of Eagles of death metal.
Don't know yet about death but there is a lot of injured people.

Edit: 5 or 6 armed suspects and non masked. The shot first in the air. Now bodies on the floor.

FB post of a witness claiming to be at the 1st floor of the Bataclan and saying there is a lot of injured people and they are killing people one by one : https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CTuaR-CWcAAV5LC.jpg (can provide full translate)
CNN: Hostages texting that they are being killed 1-by-1. Begging for police raid. 

Fuck me....... fucking disgusting. 
CNN has a guy that was in the theatre and escaped. The way he is describing what has happened. Jesus fucking christ.
https://i.imgur.com/OrakOIF.jpg

NSFW casualties being covered with sheets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q3o8h9bW9Zs

obama talking about it right now
My father was murdered in a bombing when I was a baby, and I just want to use this medium to reach out to anyone who is missing someone today and let them know that they're not alone. There's a strong community of people like us that are working hard to move on, stay strong, and make as much of a difference as we possibly can. Allow yourself to mourn but don't be afraid. It'll always hurt and be a part of you, but humans are so much more resilient than we give ourselves credit for. 

Find love. Find peace within you even though the world around us can't give it to you right now. Find a way to smile again. You'll make it through.

EDIT: I know reddit hates people that thank for their gold but this is my first and I'm so excited!! thank you kind stranger!!
I'm watching France24 right now, will do my best to translate from French. 

[4:43PM EST] Witness from Faidherb Avenue:
People were in the terasse of a restaurent, and they saw people with masks on stepping out of their vehicles and shooting at people, it lasted forever. They counted more than 10 casulties.

[4:44PM EST] Hostages at the Bataclan Concert Hall

[4:45PM EST] According to [RTL France!](http://www.rtl.fr/actu/societe-faits-divers/une-fusillade-dans-le-xe-arrondissement-de-paris-aurait-fait-plusieurs-morts-7780498853), 13 dead at the first shooting in the restaurant, and 15 dead in the Bataclan Concert Hall.

[4:46PM EST] The [French RAID team (SWAT)](http://www.liberation.fr/direct/) arrived at the Bataclan concert Hall

[4:47PM EST] According to eyewitnesses, there were 5 or 6 unmasked shooters. A student, who were in the scene stated that one of the terrorists [shouted 'Allah Akbar' before opening fire](http://www.liberation.fr/direct/element/un-etudiant-raconte-la-fusillade-devant-le-bar-le-carillon_22861/). 

[4:57PM EST] Here's a [video](https://twitter.com/MAYBACHMSC/status/665279083153092609/video/1) of one of the explositions @ the Stade de France

[4:59PM EST] 4 different locations were hit. [@SkyNews](https://twitter.com/SkyNews) reports that two of the #Paris attacks were near Charlie Hebdo's old offices. 

[5:00PM EST] French Police says that at 26 people are now dead

[5:00PM EST] The Stade de France is now being evacuated

[5:04PM EST] The French Police is in alert at the [Place de la Repluqiue](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Place_de_la_R%C3%A9publique), which is now empty 

[5:07PM EST] Al Jazeera reports that the death toll [[might be over 30](http://america.aljazeera.com/articles/2015/11/13/shooting-explosion-reported-in-paris.html?utm_content=manual&amp;utm_campaign=ajam&amp;utm_source=facebook&amp;utm_medium=SocialFlow)

[5:09PM EST] Here's a [vine](https://vine.co/v/iBb2x00UVlv) where one of the explositions can be heard

[5:12PM EST] French Police exchanded fire with the terrorists, who were armed with Kalashnikovs, at the Beaumarchais Boulevard, 150 metres from the initial shooting place. 

[5:14PM EST] Here's a [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=nZSIbutV8w8) of one of the shootings

[5:17PM EST] People were asked to [move on the field](https://twitter.com/mompontet/status/665290923987894273/photo/1), in the Stade de France

[5:19PM EST] The number of hostages inside the Bataclan might be greater than 60, [100 according to the French Police](http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2015/11/13/paris-shooting_n_8558804.html?1447450334&amp;ncid=tweetlnkushpmg00000067)

[5:21PM EST] According to Europe 1, there's now a shotting at the Halles, in the center of Paris

[5:22PM EST] The Raid is assaulting the Bataclan

Irish embassy in Paris: +33144176700
British embassy in Paris: +33144513100

[5:26PM EST] The terrorist inside the Bataclan might have explosives, according to [Liberation.fr](http://www.liberation.fr/direct/element/_22889/)

[5:29PM EST] The French-Press Agency [denies](https://twitter.com/afpfr/status/665292407915814912) that it has given the number of 30 victimes

[5:33PM EST] There's a [100m Security Perimeter](https://twitter.com/afpfr/status/665292407915814912) around the Bataclan 

[5:35PM EST] A french Journaliste from [Le Monde](http://www.lemonde.fr) has been [wounded](https://twitter.com/EliseBarthet/status/665294257004150786) - He was shot in the arm, but is safe with a [bleeding American he saved](https://twitter.com/EliseBarthet/status/665296788870602753)

[5:42PM EST] Death toll rises to 42, [according to the french officials](http://www.lexpress.fr/actualite/societe/en-direct-explosions-et-fusillades-simultanees-a-paris_1735712.html)

[5:45PM EST] Obama is scheduled to make a statement on Paris soon. 

[5:45PM EST] [According to Express.co.uk](http://www.express.co.uk/news/world/619339/Gunman-Paris-Restaurant-Explosion-Bar-Stadium-Charlie-Hebdo-Fire-Dead-Casualties), the death toll might be over 60 now

[5:48PM EST] US Agencies are monitoring events in Paris, and trying to account for US Citizens in the City, according to [Reuters](https://twitter.com/Reuters/status/665299574655991808)

[5:52PM EST] Not much details about how many victims in the Stadium, at least 3 dead there. Shooting are still happening right now , from an interview of a [French Official on CNN(https://twitter.com/search?f=news&amp;vertical=news&amp;q=Paris&amp;src=tren) 

[5:55PM EST] 200 soldiers sent in the 10 and 11th district, where shootings happened, in order to secure the zone. 

[5:56PM EST] "Too early to speculate who is responsible for Paris attacks" - Obama

[5:58PM EST] Francois Hollande declares a "State of Emergency" and closes French Borders. 

[6:01PM EST] Fench President, Francois Hollande says that police forces are carrying out assaults in Paris.

[6:08PM EST] Locations of the attacks [here](https://twitter.com/CBCNews/status/665304821419782144)

[6:11PM EST] At least [60 wounded](https://www.rt.com/news/321883-shooting-paris-dead-masked/) 

[6:19PM EST] NYPD to send vehicles in High-Profile locations in NYC 

[6:21PM EST] Israeli prime minister orders security boosted at #Paris embassy.

[6:22PM EST] Hollande deploys military in order to prevent future attacks in Paris or important regions in France 

[6:23 PM EST] Explosions and shootings at the Bataclan. 

[6:23PM EST] One of the explosions at the Stade de France was by a Kamikaz [French-Press Agency](https://twitter.com/afpfr/status/665305997699756033)

[6:25PM EST] If you're in France, the below metro lines have been temporarily suspended: 3, 5, 8, 9, 11

[6:26PM EST] Another shooting at Chatelêt-Les Halles going on right now

[6:29PM EST] Five explosions heard at the Bataclan ([Reuters](http://live.reuters.com/Event/Paris_attacks_2?utm_source=twitter))

[6:32PM EST] According to the [French-Press Agency](https://twitter.com/AFP/status/665310729629736962), 7 different locations were targeted

[6:39PM EST] Gunshots and explosions at the Bataclan according to [Luc Peillon, French Journalist](https://twitter.com/l_peillon)

[6:53PM EST] SWAT Team and ambulances are surrounding the Bataclan. Assault ongoing. 

[6:55PM EST] i-Télé stopped broadcasting live coverage of the French Police assault, after request from french authorities. 

Livestream here: https://www.reddit.com/live/vwwnkuplwr9y
According to a Dutch [source](http://www.nu.nl/buitenland/4164560/doden-bij-schietpartij-met-kalasjnikov-in-parijs.html), there was a shooting with a Kalashnikov in a restaurant in Paris.

Update: Restaurant near Rue Bichat/Place de la République ([French source](http://www.bfmtv.com/societe/paris-une-fusillade-a-eclate-dans-le-xe-arrondissement-929992.html))
For any Canadians: Canadian government opens lines for families of people in Paris sos@international.gc.ca or call collect at 1-613-996-8885.
My mom is currently vacationing in Paris. If any casualty list comes up, please send it my way. And please hope for the best for my sake and everyone else as well.

EDIT: She just picked up the phone and is just fine. She's at her friends house in the district adjacent to where all the stuff went down, and she's spending the night there. Thank you everyone for your thoughts and lets hope this ends with no more lives lost.
Those in Paris (and everywhere else) tomorrow, or as soon as possible, **donate blood**. Hospitals treating wounded are going to be running through their supplies rapidly and will need more. 
CNN said there is a person inside the theature which is saying they are killing people 1 by 1, and screamed at them to raid it.
It's incredible to think that in this day and age,this news can reach the other side of the world(west coast USA) before the event has come to a conclusion. It's a strange feeling sitting here in a lecture being unable to do anything but post on the internet. I'm sick to my stomach thinking about what has occurred. My classmates seem totally unaware that this is even occurring. I feel torn in that I feel involved and connected via the internet, but my lecturer just keeps talking and the reality over here is no different than any other day. What, besides posting on the internet, can we as anonymous observers do? It's a disturbing and utterly unsettling.  

Edit: I feel that I need to add a bit of context, for perspective sake. My mother is French and I have relatives in France. When I posted this I thought my cousin was in Paris. I have messaged him on Facebook and he told me that he is safe and nowhere near there.
[This guy on Periscope](https://www.periscope.tv/StephHannache/1rmGPWdQwaYKN) is filming the ambulances outside of the theater. I think I heard him say that he wasn't filming the police in order to prevent anyone seeing their movements. If that's accurate, what a thoughtful person.
Offtopic. Twitter is a shambles, initially its good for information but then its literally just the rest of the world retweeting each other and speculating.

There needs to be a way to filter tweet by original tweet location (by long/lat). 
A gag request in regards to the Bataclan has been announced.
French president evacuated.

https://twitter.com/ToreRHamming/status/665278632923910144
Like Mr. Rogers' always said. "Look for the helpers..." look at the people opening their doors in such a scary time. Look at our police and armed forces risking and life and limb to keep us safe. There is always helpers, give them your praise. Stand with the victims. Be better than your enemy.
As a french, fuck, not again..

EDIT: I have a relative in the area, but he's safe though close. 

EDIT2: He's safe now. My thoughts to the victims.
I live in Paris and I don't know what to say. I'm so fucking sad and angry
Slightly off topic, but it's times like these that I realize the value that reddit provides.  Virtually every other major news organization has its stories on this locked down for comments because of crazies, so this is one of the few open discussion threads on the internet about this.

(They've also got an open discussion thread at breitbart, but the discussion there is . . . well, predictable, at least.)
this incident reminds me of the Mumbai attacks in 2008, Definitely highly organised and coordinated. hope it is nowhere near as bloody.
**For those asking why Paris/France:**

France has the largest population of Muslims in the European Union--with up to 15% of the Paris Metropolitan Area (around 1.7Million)-- many of whom are disaffected Islamic youth.

Immigrant Muslims in France generally live under poor conditions and feel like second class citizens.^1 This has already led to a number of violent clashes in recent years, such as the [French Riots of 2005](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2005_French_riots).

Prisons in France are now majority Muslim -- [between 60-70%](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/france/11352268/What-is-going-wrong-in-Frances-prisons.html) (!) -- which means that Islamic radicalization is going on in a wholly separated society, without any attempt to provide alternative to that ideology.^2

That, and the ongoing cultural clash between French nationals and new immigrants makes for a prime recruiting and organizing ground for terrorism.

See, also:     
  
* ["Is France failing its Muslim youths?"](http://america.aljazeera.com/articles/2015/1/14/france-islamophobiaimmigration.html) (Al Jazerra):
&amp;nbsp;
&gt;He explained that radical groups recruit young Muslims by tapping into their feelings of anger and hopelessness, which are often born out of years-long disenfranchisement. The groups market an agenda of defending an Islam that is ostensibly under attack by the state. He said such disillusioned youth are more susceptible to being persuaded to join a “bigger cause.”    

* ["Young Muslims lag behind in two-speed France"](http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2d00f9ee-9d6b-11e4-8946-00144feabdc0.html) (Financial Times):
&amp;nbsp;
&amp;nbsp;    
&gt;Madani Cheurfa, an academic at Sciences Po in Paris, argues that the widespread availability of the internet also differentiates young Muslims from their parents, providing an open channel for those who, often frustrated and feeling rejected by their own country, discover extreme religious views that address their alienation and criticise their parents’ way of life.
&amp;nbsp;    

* ["Crisis in France Is Seen as Sign of Chronic Ills"](http://www.nytimes.com/2015/01/15/world/europe/crisis-in-france-is-seen-as-sign-of-chronic-ills.html?_r=0) (New York Times):
&amp;nbsp;
&amp;nbsp;    
&gt;Nearly everyone agreed that the fallout from the Charlie Hebdo attacks, including a heightened security response by France and its allies, was a distraction from a larger problem: a sense of increasing social and economic marginalization that many cited as a root cause of young people drifting toward extremism.

&amp;nbsp;    

*ETA: Altered to say "European Union" to deter confluence with Russia's experience with its own Islamic population. Added links,  additional comments below*    
   
&amp;nbsp;    
^1 Expanded in [post below](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3sphue/shootings_reported_in_central_paris_reports_of/cwzof2r) noting that Muslim unemployment among the young is as high as 40% in some regions.    
^2 Re: [alternative to radicalization] (https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3sphue/shootings_reported_in_central_paris_reports_of/cwzo4km)
SIXTY hostages?? Oh fuck 
This is looking to be a huge attack. 
Please stop sharing info about police raids on here. This might bite the hostages in the ass.
BBC reporter sinking to the depths of Kay Burleigh. He seriously asked an obviously shaken witness from the bar if he could the bodies and to describe them. Witness said he'd rather not and interview ended but that left a really bad taste in my mouth. 

Edit because it was pointed out that I missed a word. He asked if he could see the bodies and describe them. Sorry!
I couldn't fucking imagine being in this situation. Families and innocent people enjoying their Friday night not hurting anyone , then this. 

I'm in US but this is making me want to cry right now, I wish I could hug my family now just because.

I hope this gets resolved quickly and no more have to die. Stay strong, France.
I know it's wayyy too early to mention this, but if it turns out these terrorists entered Europe amidst all the refugees, there is going to be a shit storm. 
I'm afraid the death toll will be three digits come morning.

I have no words for this. I do notice in my reactions that I am being far more 'right-winged' than I actually am. The terrorists win again as far as that is concerned. I want to give all the refugees coming into the EU help, but right now I just think we (the Netherlands, but the entire EU really) should close the borders and care only about our citizens. And that thought makes me sad too because it sounds terrible and selfish as well.
It has to be ISIS.  I'm Lebanese-American, and just earlier today there was an enormous suicide attack in a Shiite neighborhood close to where my grandparents live in Beirut.  They really are a global scourge.  I don't even know how to handle this.  I'm just gonna go bury myself in a bottle of whiskey.
I'm not sure how to get the people running the live stream to see this, but: 

**Please don't show pictures of police preparing to act. In the off chance the shooters are monitoring these feeds, you do not want to put lives in any more danger than they already are.**

/u/Nuage0 et al.     
Apologies if this seems trivial or tangential to anyone, but...

At Bataclan theatre where there's currently a hostage situation, Eagles Of Death Metal were performing tonight. How could anyone possibly predict going to an Eagles Of Death Metal gig on a Friday night in Paris would end up in a life-threatening hostage situation? Young people celebrating together the joy of music. Killed for nothing.

I want our fucking world back.
I've been saying it for the last couple years...this is the style of terrorist attack we are going to see more of in the West. Mumbai and Nairobi Mall (and the last Paris attack) proved that a small group with only a little bit of funding and planning and a willingness to die can absolutely wreak havoc and cause fear and panic with nothing more than small arms...explosives just make it that much worse. Those attacks were all successes. 

These frustrating retarded assholes are just terrific at attacking unarmed civilians. I'm shocked we haven't seen an absolute outbreak of this in the US and elsewhere yet, despite the number of gun-carrying citizens we have. I remember getting my conceal/carry permit a couple years ago worried about crime in my neighborhood. But now these days there's a voice in the back of my head that I'm arming up to fight back against something like this. 

Fuck this shit. I love Paris and hope this ends soon. I'm sorry for the victims, their families and everyone else who has to go through this. 
My parents are staying in Paris at Hôtel Les Dames du Panthéon, 19 place du Panthéon - 75005 Paris - But I'm in the US and I don't know how to get in contact with them. Any suggestions would be great, they are not responding to facebook or texts right now.

EDIT: THANK YOU FOR THE OUTREACH. PEOPLE ARE LOVELY. My parents were at the Eiffel Tower and apparently didn't even know anything was going on. They are on their way back to the hotel now. Thanks again! Prayers for everyone's family and friends. Viva la France!
I wan't to wake up one day...one day. Weather it be tomorrow or when it's the morning of the day I die. 

I wan't to wake up, knowing that something like this will never happen. It saddens me to know that these events will be mourned for a month or two at most, and then *poof* back to our lives.

Last year 145 people (132 kids) had been killed in a Pakistani public school by the hands of demons like these. My cousin was one of them. I try not to think about it, but it's hard to do when an event like this happens.

The event was remembered for a month at the most by the media, but will be remembered by the victims parents for the rest of their lives.

My hands are shaking as I type this with an emotion that can only be described as an intense hybrid of rage and sorrow.

I still hope for the day I wake up, and this all "goes away".
My SO was having drinks very close to where a shooting happened. She heard the rifles. Cops are everywhere. No uber, no taxi. She can't get home.
I'm an hour away from Paris and can't get back now. Fuck, this is a shitty day. I just hope she'll get home safely.

And the death toll is rising. Mes condoléances aux familles des victimes. We gotta stand united. Thanks reddit for your messages.

Edit : she made it safely to my friend's place. Lucikly, it seems all my friends and family are safe now. Thanks guys for your messages, very touching. Means a lot.
No, please, not again. The French have had so much to endure...
Holy shit, wtf...

My friend has 2 people she knows who were at the concert where supposedly the hostage situation is happening, they are not picking up their phones...

edit: They are all fine. 
Why is the news station still showing live images from the police operation?  
Haven't they learned anything?  
You can see they're building a squad at a corner, if the terrorists have a phone they can see that too
This literally is following the same MO as the 26/11 Mumbai terror attacks. You guys have our support form India. Stay safe.

[removed]
DO NOT post about police whereabouts. 
There are 20k comments so no one will see this but a jerk from the USA is heartbroken over this.  Stay strong, France 
As a Mumbaikar who stayed up throughout the 3 days during which they scarred my beloved city, I understand your pain, your fear, your sorrow and your outrage. This is like reliving the massacre in Mumbai and I'm shaking and fighting tears. Please know that my prayers and thoughts are with you. Courage. Viva la France.
[deleted]
[deleted]
BBC already drawing conclusions between this shooting and the reports of the death of Jihadi John.
Oh for fucks sake this is just sickening. From the USA, my heart goes out to the people of France. This is an act of war and whoever is responsible they can die a slow and painful death. Fucking animals...hell they are worse than animals, they are just cowardly pieces of human filth. Goddamn this is upsetting. 
In France, a state of emergency means the president can:


    Regulate or forbid circulation and gathering in some areas (including by the use of curfew)
    Close places of gathering
    Conduct house-to-house searches at any time without judicial oversight
    Censorship

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/State_of_emergency#France
Why the fuck is CNN showing live what is happening outside the theater? So much for a gag order.
["Yeah, that's good, have it change to red when they hover over it, should get us clicks."](https://gfycat.com/SinfulReasonableGlowworm)
God dammit, why Paris? Such a beautiful city full of culture attacked time and time again.
Hey guys, my brother and his friend are studying overseas in Paris.

My brother is not from that area and is currently safe, but no one can get a hold of his friend (who was in that area tonight.) If anyone finds a list of confirmed wounded or deceased would you mind sending it my way please?

Thank you.
Holy fuck this shit is getting old.

Can't we all just live and let live for fuck's sake?
Jesus, sorting this thread by new was a mistake.
The era of open borders in Europe is over. The extremist shithead cavemen destroyed a dream.
I'm fucking shaking right now. As a frenchman, I'm secretly hoping this is not another terror attack.

Worst year for France in ages.
If Muslims condemned ISIS as much as Israel, there wouldn't be an ISIS. I'm tired of people saying that this is only a small extremist element. A whole organization is literally terrorizing the world and people are so quick to dismiss it as a "few extremists". There is a lot of sympathy towards ISIS within Islam and in terms of fighting it only a few regional  minority groups are making a difference. The Muslim world needs to make a far greater effort to combat and discouraged extremists  and ISIS, instead countries like Saudi Arabia are fueling it. I know Islam is a huge religion, but the voice of reason within it sure as hell isnt as loud as the roar of hate. 
Life + 75 years is fucking ridiculous. What possible argument could be made for such a absolutely restrictive and backwards copyright extension?
"Article 
30
.
6
: Withdrawal
1.
Any Party may withdraw from this Agreement by providing written notice of
withdrawal to the Depositary
.
A withdrawing Party shall 
simultaneously
notify the other 
Parties of its withdrawal
through the contact points
.
2.
A withdrawal shall take effect six months after a Party provides written notice
to the 
D
epositary
under par
agraph 1, unless the Parties agree on a different period.  If a Party 
withdraws, this Agreement shall remain in force for the remaining Parties."
Okay reading over the tarif stuff for Canada.

When it says 249% is that base  cost? also I can't tell if this is incoming chicken or outgoing chicken.. The base rate will be $2.64 a pound (or $5.84a kilo). right now instore a pound of ground chiken is $4 on sale or $5 normally...  Is this going to go up??

I hope someone posts a lay-mans term version of the document so I can figure out finally if this is good or bad for where I live.
[deleted]
Internet service providers must give your name if requested by copyright holders:

&gt;Each Party shall provide procedures... that enable a copyright owner that has made a legally sufficient
claim of copyright infringement to obtain expeditiously from an Internet Service
Provider information in the provider’s possession identifying the alleged infringer, in
cases in which that information is sought for the purpose of protecting or enforcing
that copyright.

ISPs must move quickly to remove material with a copyright claim against it:

&gt;these conditions shall include a requirement for
Internet Service Providers to expeditiously remove or disable access to
material residing on their networks or systems upon obtaining actual
knowledge of the copyright infringement

If your data/material/whatever is pulled down because of a bogus claim, you can't sue ~~anyone~~ service providers (see /u/Indekkusu below):

&gt;An Internet Service Provider that removes or disables access to
material in good faith under subparagraph (a) shall be exempt from any
liability for having done so, 

[All pulled from Chapter 18, Annex 18 E/F]

**Edit:**

Malaysia gets to keep its heavy internet blocking:

&gt;With respect to existing measures, Malaysia shall not be subject to dispute settlement
under Chapter 28 (Dispute Settlement) regarding its obligations under Article 14.4 (NonDiscriminatory
Treatment of Digital Products) and Article 14.11 (Cross-Border Transfer of
Information by Electronic Means)

[Chapter 14]

**Edit 2:**

Appears to *refuse* a state's right to require "secret backdoors" into encryption?

&gt; no Party may impose or maintain a technical regulation or conformity
assessment procedure that requires a manufacturer or supplier of the product, as a
condition of the manufacture, sale, distribution, import or use of the product, to:
(a) transfer or provide access to a particular technology, production process,
or other information (such as a private key or other secret parameter,
algorithm specification or other design detail), that is proprietary to the
manufacturer or supplier and relates to the cryptography in the product, to
the Party or a person in the Party’s territory; 

[Chapter 8, Annex 8-B)

**Edit 3:**

Some *really* specific stuff, like just what can be called Icewine:

&gt;Each Party shall permit wine to be labelled as Icewine, ice wine, ice-wine, or a
similar variation of those terms, only if the wine is made exclusively from grapes
naturally frozen on the vine.

[Chapter 8, Annex 8-A]
2-D Canada Tariff Elimination Schedule quote:

**0511.10.00 - Bovine Semen - Free**

Thank goodness for that.
I can already smell the interns' coffee brewing. To all the Media/Law/Economist/Ect employees- try your best not to OD on adderall.

**EDIT:** Seeing as a lot of said work dogs are going to see this here are some useful links 

http://www.projectknow.com/research/amphetamine-overdose/

https://www.nlm.nih.gov/medlineplus/ency/article/002579.htm

http://shakeoffthegrind.com/personal-success/10-tips-to-find-meaning-and-hope-during-times-of-despair

http://www.suicidepreventionlifeline.org/
Okay guys, can someone give me a TL:DR once they're done reading please?
For anyone at work who wants a taste of this, its *super-dense* reading:

&gt; In the year that the Agreement enters into force as between the United States and Australia,
the aggregate quantity of originating goods of Australia described in subparagraph (f) that
shall be permitted to enter free of duty shall be equal to the combined volumes permitted
duty-free entry for that year under paragraphs (18), (19) and (21) of Annex I to the General
Notes to the Tariff Schedule of the United States in Annex 2B to the United States-Australia
Free Trade Agreement, plus 4,500 metric tons.
In each year thereafter, the quantity shall increase 
it would actually be very interesting if someone with more brains than me decided to make a reddit subreddit to have redditors read just one PDF and report on the gist of the text.

i'm afraid it would require a lawyer being in charge, because what little i read was *REALLY* dense legal-ese.

a glossary might also be necessary.

i can't think of a better use for reddit, though.

there are some *really*, *REALLY*, ***REALLY*** smart people on reddit.  i'm not one of them, but i would be happy to do grunt work on the project for as long as my old eyes hold out.
For those who wonder about the Ice wine. From [here](http://www.cooksinfo.com/ice-wine).

&gt;In Canada, Ice Wine can only be produced by people who belong to a Vintners Quality Alliance association in their respective province. 
[...]
&gt; The Wine Makers Federation of Australia says that Ice Wine doesn't have to be made with naturally frozen grapes.

Seems like the Canadian Ice Wine makers want to secure their markets! And they should because their 'amazing natural freezing method' appearantly doesn't work out very well:

&gt;Most Canadian Ice Wines are sold in 375ml bottles. They lack the fruity complex notes of the German and Austrian Ice Wines, and are sweeter instead, appealing, some feel, to younger crowds.

&gt;In fact, Canadian Ice Wines were banned from Europe until 2001, because of their high sugar levels.
[...]
&gt;Canadian Ice Wines, many feel, don't age as well as German ones do. They are best consumed younger.

And there indeed seems to be a dispute with between Canada vs Australia and New Zealand:
&gt;Canadians argue that Australian Ice Wines made from grapes frozen after harvest are "fake" Ice Wines.

So Canada calls in the help of a university to prove their right:
&gt;Some people, sampling Ice Wine made by freezing grapes artificially and Ice Wine made from naturally frozen grapes, agree, and say they can't tell the difference. Consequently, the Canadian Ice Wine industry contracted Brock University, in the Niagara Peninsula of Ontario, to try to prove that Canadian Ice Wines are chemically different from Ice Wines made from artificially frozen grapes. The scientific results are still pending or not published yet.

Maybe the university didn't gave them the results they wanted, so they just forbid them from using the name Ice Wine (or any similar name) using the TPP agreement.

*edit: clarification
[removed]
Can we get the tldr bot to look it over?
It's time to sift through this like I sifted through Star Wars Episode 1 content trying to verify the Darth Jar Jar theory. 

*cracks knuckles*

Let's do this.
Is the Most-Favoured-Nation Clause common in such agreements? Reminds me greatly of the division of China between Western powers.

Having never really looked at something like this before, it's really interesting how each nation has their own sections for each chapter it's necessary in. As soon as I opened up one of the Tariff Elimination schedules, I realized why. Holy cow is it interesting to look at. It's got so much I never considered. There is a tariff on Lily Bulbs explicitly listed! Explicit descriptions of paper, board, all sorts of crap. Hell, Holograms are on here.

I don't envy the jobs of those who now need to dissect this document, but the tasks involved in writing it is incredible to consider. How interesting.
Remember, remember, the fifth of November, Gunpowder Treason and Plot.
Everyone in this thread is freaking out about how long this is. As a law student I'm actually stoked with how succinct it is.  
VPN's are about to become extremely popular.
Does this at all affect the cost of healthcare in Australia? This is my #1 concern.
Its times like this that I'm glad there are some smart mafks on reddit.
Just picking through select sections, and commenting.

&gt; 14.3.1 No Party shall impose customs duties on electronic transmissions, including content
&gt; transmitted electronically, between a person of one Party and a person of another Party.
&gt; 
&gt; But then...
&gt; 
&gt; 14.3.2 For greater certainty, paragraph 1 shall not preclude a Party from imposing internal taxes,
&gt; fees or other charges on content transmitted electronically, provided that such taxes, fees or
&gt; charges are imposed in a manner consistent with this Agreement.
 
So....customs duties can be charged to the recipient, essentially.

&gt; 14.4.1 No Party shall accord less favourable treatment to digital products created, produced,
published, contracted for, commissioned or first made available on commercial terms in the
territory of another Party, or to digital products of which the author, performer, producer,
developer or owner is a person of another Party, than it accords to other like digital products.
4

&gt; 14.4.4. This Article shall not apply to broadcasting

So, you can't talk shit about other countries' products...unless it's broadcast.  I'm not seeing the point of this, maybe excluding an "out of country software origin tax"?

&gt; 14.5.2.a  Avoid any unnecessary regulatory burden on electronic transactions;

That seems like a good thing.  Remove the barrier to "going electronic".

&gt; 14.6.1 Except in circumstances otherwise provided for under its law, a Party shall not deny the
legal validity of a signature solely on the basis that the signature is in electronic form.

&gt; 14.6.4 The Parties shall encourage the use of interoperable electronic authentication

Seems good.  Mutually recognized authentication systems are beneficial to all.

&gt; 14.7.2 Each Party shall adopt or maintain consumer protection laws to proscribe fraudulent and
deceptive commercial activities that cause harm or potential harm to consumers engaged in
online commercial activities.

&gt; 14.7.3 The Parties recognise the importance of cooperation between their respective national
consumer protection agencies or other relevant bodies on activities related to cross-border
electronic commerce in order to enhance consumer welfare. To this end, the Parties affirm that
the cooperation sought under Article 16.7.5 and Article 16.7.6 (Consumer Protection) includes
cooperation with respect to online commercial activities.

Seems good.  Consumer protection agencies should work together.

&gt; 14.8.1 The Parties recognise the economic and social benefits of protecting the personal
information of users of electronic commerce and the contribution that this makes to enhancing
consumer confidence in electronic commerce.

&gt; 14.8.2 To this end, each Party shall adopt or maintain a legal framework that provides for the
protection of the personal information of the users of electronic commerce. In the development
of its legal framework for the protection of personal information, each Party should take into
account principles and guidelines of relevant international bodies.6

&gt; 14.8.3 Each Party shall endeavour to adopt non-discriminatory practices in protecting users of
electronic commerce from personal information protection violations occurring within its
jurisdiction.

So, protecting data security for ecommerce.  Good stuff.

&gt; 14.8.4 Each Party should publish information on the personal information protections it provides
to users of electronic commerce, including how:
(a) individuals can pursue remedies; and
(b) business can comply with any legal requirements.

Transparency, nice.

&gt; 14.8.5 Recognising that the Parties may take different legal approaches to protecting personal
information, each Party should encourage the development of mechanisms to promote
compatibility between these different regimes. These mechanisms may include the recognition
of regulatory outcomes, whether accorded autonomously or by mutual arrangement, or broader
international frameworks. To this end, the Parties shall endeavour to exchange information on
any such mechanisms applied in their jurisdictions and explore ways to extend these or other
suitable arrangements to promote compatibility between them

And work together to make data security systems compatible.  Good.

&gt; 14.10 Subject to applicable policies, laws and regulations, the Parties recognise the benefits of
consumers in their territories having the ability to:
(a) access and use services and applications of a consumer’s choice available on the
Internet, subject to reasonable network management7
;
(b) connect the end-user devices of a consumer’s choice to the Internet, provided that
such devices do not harm the network; and
(c) access information on the network management practices of a consumer’s Internet
access service supplier.

It'd be nice to have this as a requirement, rather than a recommendation.  This is pretty important stuff.

&gt; 13.8.1 Each Party shall maintain appropriate measures for the purpose of preventing suppliers of
public telecommunications services that, alone or together, are a major supplier in its territory
from engaging in or continuing anti-competitive practices.

Oh snap, nice.  So would this invalidate cities' and states' anti-competition laws that ISPs have bought?

&gt; 13.14.1 Each Party shall ensure that a major supplier in its territory provides access to poles,
ducts, conduits, and rights-of-way or any other structures as determined by the Party, owned or
controlled by the major supplier, to suppliers of public telecommunications services of another
Party in the Party’s territory on a timely basis, on terms and conditions and at rates, that are
reasonable, non-discriminatory and transparent, subject to technical feasibility.

&gt; 13.14.2 A Party may determine, in accordance with its laws and regulations, the poles, ducts,
conduits, rights-of-way or any other structures to which it requires major suppliers in its territory
to provide access in accordance with paragraph 1. When the Party makes this determination, it
shall take into account factors such as the competitive effect of lack of such access, whether such
structures can be substituted in an economically or technically feasible manner in order to
provide a competing service, or other specified public interest factors.

Seems like support for not locking companies out of using poles, ducts, and conduits.  Seems like a good thing, yeah?

&gt; 13.16.1 Each Party shall ensure that its telecommunications regulatory body is separate from, and
not accountable to, any supplier of public telecommunications services. With a view to ensuring
the independence and impartiality of telecommunications regulatory bodies, each Party shall
ensure that its telecommunications regulatory body does not hold a financial interest 18 or maintain an operating or management role 19 in any supplier of public telecommunications
services.

So it seems like they want to legally enforce keeping corporations out of regulatory bodies.

&gt; 13.16.2 Each Party shall ensure that the regulatory decisions and procedures of its
telecommunications regulatory body or other competent authority related to provisions contained
in this Chapter are impartial with respect to all market participants. 

So they can't regulate companies differently based on their size/market share.

&gt; 16.1 Each Party shall adopt or maintain national competition laws that proscribe
anticompetitive business conduct, with the objective of promoting economic efficiency and
consumer welfare, and shall take appropriate action with respect to that conduct. These laws
should take into account the APEC Principles to Enhance Competition and Regulatory
Reform done at Auckland, September 13, 1999.

Define anti-competitive practices.  Good.

&gt; 16.3.1 For the purposes of this Article, “private right of action” means the right of a person
to seek redress, including injunctive, monetary or other remedies, from a court or other
independent tribunal for injury to that person’s business or property caused by a violation of
national competition laws, either independently or following a finding of violation by a
national competition authority.

Individuals can seek legal remedies for violations of anticompetitive practices.  IE - You can sue your city government or corporations for making unreasonable barriers to entry or other anticompetitive practices.

&gt; 16.6.1 The Parties recognise the importance of consumer protection policy and enforcement
to creating efficient and competitive markets and enhancing consumer welfare in the free
trade area.

Looks like further insistence on acknowledgement of the importance of competition in relation to consumer well being.

&gt; 16.6.2.a (a) a practice of making misrepresentations of material fact, including implied
factual misrepresentations, that cause significant detriment to the economic
interests of misled consumers; 

Nice, proper representation of material fact...should apply to internet speeds, yeah?

__________

Well, I'll try to go through more sections later, but this doesn't seem like it includes as much negative as earlier drafts.  I would love some input from someone more familiar with how this would affect real world situations.
That's an...uh...Yeah. Anything else than "metric fuckton of law" doesn't even cut it.

This should be a new unit. "This is 0.2 metric fucktons of law" = 1/5 of the size of the TPP.
...anyone have a suggestion for a world news sub that isn't constantly derailed by jokes and whoring for meaningless 'karma'? 

edit: ok peeps -- there is a time lag to consider (so arrange your responses appropriately). When i posted the question above, the top comment was a vacuous thread making lame cracks about Star Wars. **This sub should follow /r/science rules: jokes banned**.  i know there is another sub on reddit with better content concerning world affairs; just can't remember the name, and this site's search engine would fuck up a church.
God I hate legalese. Something from the ISDS (corporations suing countries) chapter I immediately noticed:

&gt; 1. Each Party shall accord to investors of another Party treatment no less favourable than that it accords, in like circumstances, to its own investors with respect to the establishment, 
acquisition, expansion, management, conduct, operation, and sale or other disposition of investments in its territory.

&gt; 2. Each Party shall accord to covered investments treatment no less favourable than that it accords, in like circumstances, to investments in its territory of its own investors with respect to the establishment, acquisition, expansion, management, conduct, operation, and sale or other 
disposition of investments.

&gt; 3. For greater certainty, the treatment to be accorded by a Party under paragraphs 1 and 2 means, with respect to a regional level of government, treatment no less favourable than the most favourable treatment accorded, in like circumstances, by that regional level of government to investors, and to investments of investors, of the Party of which it forms a part.

The point being that countries can never treat international investors any worse than domestic investors. But note the language - "no less favourable than the most favourable treatment". So if a country once gave disproportionately good treatment to a single company, now every international company is guaranteed that same treatment. Sketchy. 
My 2 cents tl;dr of the TPP

**Redditors** will never post anything in fear of copyright infringement prison time.

**Pirates** are going to assume every car they hear park outside their house is a SWAT team.

**Content creators** are going to spend more time comparing their creations to copyrighted works and consulting with lawyers to compare similarities than they do creating.

**Your mom** will be fined for listening to her Simon and Garfunkel CD on her laptop.

**Wealthy people** will become wealthier people.

**ISPs** will have customer support exclusively for copyright holders.

**You** will be slightly more cautious about breaking the new rules.


This is scary:

Article 
11
.5:  Market Access for Financial Institutions
No 
Party shall adopt or maintain with respect to financial institutions of 
another Party or investors of another Party seeking to establish 
those 
institutions, 
either on the basis of a regional subdivision or on the basis of its entire territory, 
measures tha
t:
(a)
impose limitations on
:
(i)
the number of financial institutions whether in the form of 
numerical quotas, monopolies, exclusive service suppliers or 
the requirement of an economic needs test;
(ii)
the total value of financial service transactions or a
ssets in the 
form of numerical quotas or the requirement of an economic 
needs test;
(iii)
the total number of financial service operations or the total 
quantity of financial services output expressed in terms of 
designated numerical units in the form of q
uotas or the 
requirement of an economic needs test
;
6
or
(iv)
the total number of natural persons that may be employed in a 
particular financial service sector or that a financial institution 
may employ and who are necessary for, and directly related to, 
t
he supply of a specific financial service in the form of 
numerical quotas or the requirement of an economic needs test; 
or
6
Subparagraph (a)(iii) does not cover measures of a Party which limit inputs for the supply of financial 
services.
Subject to Legal Review in English, Spanish 
and French for Accuracy, Clarity 
and Consistency
Subject to Authentication of English, Spanish and French Versions
11
-
8
(b)
restrict or require specific types of legal entity or joint venture through 
which a financial institution may supply a service.


You would have to read the entire financial section, in order for it to make sense. However, how I interpret it, is that the USA has put restrictions on banks for example, on how big they can get, because of what happened in the past. Now, with the TPP, the USA can not do this. This means banks will have even more free reign to collapse local government with no repercussions. 

Edit: 8 (b) restrict or require specific types of legal entity or joint venture through which a financial institution may supply a service

Put it all together "No party shall impose restrictions on a joint venture (merger) which a financial institution may supply a service."

Edit: Put the entire section in to make it easier to understand. The financial section is large. This one is section 11.5 is you are interested in reading. 
&gt;he came to Chevron asking for a bribe to help Chevron get out of its massive legal problems in Ecuador. 

Obviously you can't trust this guy further than you can throw him, I wonder what better deal came along for him. 
[deleted]
So Chevron bribed a judge to claim the plaintiffs bribed him instead in a claim that plaintiffs were racketeering?

I'll take foreign corrupt practices act on Chevron for 10 Billion, Alex.
Ecuadorian here, pretty much known that most cops, judges.. and witnesses, are all corrupt in Ecuador.
Texaco capped the wells and the Ecuadorean government uncapped the wells and the pollution happened after texaco left the country. Why is this lawsuit still going? ELI5 please because or else the plaintiffs need to ask Ecuador to pay.
The whole affair is a clusterfuck! Why would we trust a confirmed liar now? Who is to say that he is telling the truth now? 

So we are to believe him now that he lied originally, and now he is telling the truth? Isn't it just as likely that he told the truth first and is lying now? 
The reddit/CommonDreams version of this story hits the front page pretty regularly.  But there is another side to it.  One fact that never gets mentioned is that all of the polluting was done by Texaco, not Chevron.  Chevron is on the hook for it legally because they bought Texaco.  But nobody at Chevron was involved.  Also-  

&gt;U.S. District Judge Lewis Kaplan found that New York lawyer Steven Donziger and his litigation team engaged in coercion, bribery, money laundering and other misconduct aimed at securing a 2011 verdict against the company in Ecuador.

That ruling wasn't made because of one guy's testimony.  

http://www.wsj.com/articles/SB10001424052702304815004579419081800950164
&gt; drop any criminal charges against Edward Snowden, grant him protection and consequently prevent extradition or rendition by third parties, in recognition of his status as whistle-blower and international human rights defender

Relevant text for anyone who was curious

What does this mean in terms of his status with US extradition and his current situation in Moscow?
On [Votewatch.eu](http://www.votewatch.eu/en/term8-follow-up-to-the-european-parliament-resolution-of-12-march-2014-on-the-electronic-mass-surveillance.html#/##vote-tabs-list-4) I found the result by member states.
I did not include abstention nor non voters.




Member state | For | Against | Percent
---|---|----|---
France	|44	|16	|73.33%
Austria	|13	|5	|72.22%
Lithuania	|5	|2	|71.43%
Italy	|36	|15	|70.59%
Greece	|11	|5	|68.75%
Cyprus	|4	|2	|66.67%
Belgium	|10	|6	|62.50%
Ireland	|6	|4	|60.00%
Luxembourg	|3	|2	|60.00%
Malta	|3	|2	|60.00%
Portugal	|11	|8	|57.89%
Spain	|21	|16	|56.76%
Finland	|5	|4	|55.56%
Germany	|44	|38	|53.66%
Netherland	|10	|10	|50.00%
Croatia	|5	|5	|50.00%
Bulgaria	|4	|4	|50.00%
Latvia	|3	|3	|50.00%
Hungary	|8	|10	|44.44%
Romania	|9	|12	|42.86%
Sweden	|8	|11	|42.11%
Slovenia	|3	|5	|37.50%
Czech Republic	|4	|8	|33.33%
Estonia	|1	|2	|33.33%
Denmark	|1	|4	|20.00%
Slovakia	|2	|9	|18.18%
United kingdom	|7	|34	|17.07%
Poland	|4	|39	|9.30%
**TOTAL**	|**285**	|**281**	|**50.35%**


EDIT: If you are not logged into votewatch.eu while you click the link you will be redirected to the result of the **whole** resolution called "Follow-up to the European Parliament resolution of 12 March 2014 on the electronic mass surveillance of EU citizens" for which the results are 342 for, 274 against.

The result that i show is for 1 amendment called [amendment 10](http://www.europarl.europa.eu/sides/getDoc.do?pubRef=-//EP//NONSGML+AMD+B8-2015-1092+010-015+DOC+PDF+V0//EN) that refer **specifically** to Edward Snowden and for which the results are 285 for, 281 against.
Let's keep in mind this is only a resolution. It's non-binding to member states and essentially is the European Parliament members patting themselves on the back.

It's like saying you're against war and world hunger. Yeah, sure, nice, but what are you gonna do about it past the words and posture?
Up next: The U.S. starts harboring EU dissidents out of spite. 
[How the MEP voted](http://www.votewatch.eu/en/term8-follow-up-to-the-european-parliament-resolution-of-12-march-2014-on-the-electronic-mass-surveillance-25.html#/##vote-tabs-list-1)


So it's basically a FU to the US government with no real weight. In the end a meaningless gesture. Are you EU guys in an election cycle over there too?
"How do we know these aren't your bullets?

"Because the gun in my shoe is a 9 mm and these are 45's."
That should help tourism.
[Manny Pacquiao is offering free legal support to the victims of the scam] (http://www.gmanetwork.com/news/story/542738/news/nation/pacquiao-offers-free-legal-service-to-laglag-bala-victims)
The recent victims:

* A grandmother looking to watch her grandson in a football match

* A young girl who is a member of a choir that will be competing in a contest

* A young Japanese man who went to the Philippines for his company

* An American pastor

* A woman that works in Hong Kong

Filipino checking in. The masses are indignant over here and are calling for heads to roll over basically government inaction with regards to this scam. It's a national fucking *embarrassment* and until it all blows over, I wouldn't recommend anyone to travel here, either. I sincerely apologize in behalf of the fucktards and asshats that run this place. I love my country and shit but this is just fucking ridiculous.

**Edit: For those asking, here are [a few tips from CNN Philippines](http://cnnphilippines.com/news/2015/11/02/How-to-avoid-being-a-victim-of-tanim-bala-laglag-bala-scam-airport-extortion-scheme.html) on how to avoid being a victim of this scam.** Their main points are,

* Use hard-case luggage, avoid bags that have external pockets.
* Wrap your entire luggage in cling wrap.
* Let the officials go through your bag — but only in the presence of witnesses, a lawyer, and official's supervisor.
* You have the right to remain silent.
* Know your legal rights.

**Edit 2: [Pacquiao is offering free legal service to 'laglag bala' victims.](http://www.gmanetwork.com/news/story/542738/news/nation/pacquiao-offers-free-legal-service-to-laglag-bala-victims)**

&gt; Pacquiao, vice chairman of the House of Representatives committee on overseas workers' affairs, said those who believe they have fallen prey to the the scheme should get in touch with lawyer Jojo Bondoc at mobile no. +63-920-9211162 and inquire how they could avail of free legal services.

Pacquiao is running for senator next year though so you gotta question his motives for this one.

Anyway, hope this helps. Stay safe, you guys.

**Edit 3:** This is now my highest-rated comment, after the one about [my mom catching mosquitoes in our porch by swatting at them with a bowl lightly brushed with oil](https://www.reddit.com/r/mildlyinteresting/comments/29h04z/my_mom_catches_mosquitoes_in_our_veranda_using_a/). Yay for living in the Philippines! :-|

**Edit 4: Thank you, kind stranger!**

**Edit 5:** Some people observed that Filipinos are a proud but at the same time humble people. (We love the Philippines - *Pinoy pride, woohoo!* - but don't sugarcoat the shit.) I can't speak for everyone in the country, but for me, as I said below, I guess we're just... realists? Can't escape reality when everyday you go to work, you have to grit your teeth through the traffic jams, risk your life on the public transit, see the poor people everywhere, receive your salary (taxed by a corrupt and incompetent government up to 32%), and feel the hopelessness eat at your soul. In the traffic. Every. Fucking. Day.

But still, we love the Philippines. It's where our family is, it's where our friends are, where we can eat *balut* and *isaw* and watch AlDub on *Eat Bulaga!* and laugh and feel *kilig* and do the *pabebe* wave and generate 41 million tweets in a single day for a single hashtag *just because*. We're a poor but generally (for some reason) happy folk. It IS a shithole, but it's *OUR* shithole, you know?
This is getting to be common in a lot of places.  A local pharmacist had it happen to him in Jamaica during a missionary trip this summer.  He's getting ready to leave and suddenly they find a single .22 round in his luggage.  They immediately arrest him, and take him to this lock down compound.  

Then a friendly guy approaches to be his advocate and says he can get him out of lock down for 100 dollars.  He pays it.  Now he gets to check back into his hotel for 4 more days but cannot leave his hotel.  

His trial begins and someone from the mission trip argues his case.  The judge just says that he is free to go if he can pay the fine of 200 dollars, and that he should feel lucky because importing ammo could have gotten him locked up for life.  

Last time we spoke he didn't think he'd ever visit Jamaica again, mission trip or not.  
That article didn't add anything to the headline. 

It's a common scam also in my country indonesia. That's why we usually package our suitcase in a way that even an empty zipper pocket canmot be opened without tampering it. Usually they will put the item in your bag, then told you that you have violated the law by bringing drug etc, and ask you to pay big sum of money in no time or else you will be prosecuted. The way they confront you also looks very legit with officials in uniform, drug-sniffing dog, and also the thing they put in your suitcase are sometimes real drug.

This also happens not only in airport but also sometime in valet car park. The valet driver just put the item in your car and when you requested the car back you will be confronted that they 'found a trace of drug' in your trunk and again you are asked to pay big sum of money in no time or you will be prosecuted.

Scumbag.
[Meanwhile the story link at the bottom of the article.](http://i.imgur.com/t5iTzhq.jpg)  God I hate people
I've never understood why a single bullet or even a couple of them was a big deal. I was on my way back from a trip to go shooting with some friends in Texas and I had one 9mm round in the bottom of my carry-on and this TSA lady started freaking out like I was going to hold a whole plane hostage with a single bullet. Luckily after she brought the police officer over he just threw it in the trash can and told the lady she was wasting everyones time. 
Corruption in the Philippines?  You don't say
I tested my backpack, which had only clothes and a second hand phone that was incredibly cheap. Went to Vietnam via Philippines and the phone made it there, but not all the way back. 

Although.
My father got called over the intercom (in Philippines) because he had a gun shaped object in his bag. It was a tool for checking temperatures of pipes with some laser senior (unsure of the name). He came back fine without extortion and still able to take the gun shaped temperature checking device through customs all the way home. 
Didn't run into any issues on my last trip there. However that airport is by far the worst airport I have ever been to (at least the phillipines airlines terminal). Not because it is the crappiest terminal ever, but because it should be better... 

I mean they can't even keep it appropriately temp controlled in there and all the seats are metal. On the plus side the massage there is cheap and you can do that right up to your flight.
Great... I fly there tomorrow night.
Headline - Phillipines tourism GDP down 20% for 2017. I WONDER WHY??
There was an LPT a while back advising travellers to wrap their baggage in plastic to prevent this.
High post on /r/lifeprotip yesterday, Time article today.
I love the Philippines. It's paradise. This scam won't stop me from going. It just reinforces what I've always believed, stay the fuck out of Manila. I have yet to meet anyone who likes Manila, Filipinos included. Fly into Cebu if you can. From there, head almost anywhere and you will meet awesome people, eat great food, find a secret paradise beach, and probably hear some local Filipino band crush some American pop and rock music, sometimes better than the original singers.
Here's the full quote:

&gt; People want to lead a peaceful lives. The terrorists are short-sighted, and this is one of the causes of rampant suicide bombings. We cannot solve this problem only through prayers. I am a Buddhist and I believe in praying. But humans have created this problem, and now we are asking God to solve it. It is illogical. God would say, solve it yourself because you created it in the first place.

&gt;We need a systematic approach to foster humanistic values, of oneness and harmony. If we start doing it now, there is hope that this century will be different from the previous one. It is in everybody's interest. So let us work for peace within our families and society, and not expect help from God, Buddha or the governments.
Good guy Dalai  Lama: Leads a major world religion, pushes logic over prayers to solve world issues.
&gt;Have faith in God, but row away from the rocks. - Hunter Thompson 
I had to post this to balance the discussion a little bit, it's a bit troubling to see so many people focused on 'wiping them all out' and 'we need to pray for everyone, not just Paris'.
Did he say anything about likes on Facebook? Those still help, right? 
That sounds like a lot of effort. Can't I just "like" something?
James 2:14-17 

What good is it, my brothers, if someone says he has faith but does not have works? Can that faith save him? If a brother or sister is poorly clothed and lacking in daily food, and one of you says to them, “Go in peace, be warmed and filled,” without giving them the things needed for the body, what good is that? So also faith by itself, if it does not have works, is dead.
Reminds me of the touching, out-of-context [quote](http://www.uesp.net/wiki/Oblivion:Brother_Martin) from *Oblivion*:

&gt;Remember when we first met in Kvatch? I told you that I didn't want any part of the gods' plan. I still don't know if there is a divine plan. But I've come to realize that it doesn't matter. What matters is that we act. That we do what's right, when confronted with evil. That's what you did at Kvatch. It wasn't the gods that saved us, it was you. Were you acting for the gods? I don't know. But now it's my turn to act.
To be fair, it's probably the governments that created this. So working for peace means, at least on some level, getting the governments to fix this. 
What does he mean by "work for peace"? A lot of ISIS soldiers are gonna have to die before order is restored to Syria and Iraq.
As someone who has been practicing meditation for four years an hour+ daily, I can't speak more highly of a practice that can show us true peace within ourselves - not so much a peace drug-blanket but more of calming awareness within the storming changes of life. Unfortunately, it is one of the few things in life that can only be understood through direct practice yet ultimately the practice itself becomes an obstacle.

We have to become self aware if we are going to solve the problem of peace. Suffering is caused by delusion. It's time for humanity to wake up to the true divinity of each mysterious moment unfolding. If we don't get our shit together, we may not get to experience the potential of what humanity could become.

True being. Here. Now. Heaven is here. Divinity is here. But it all sounds preachy and culty and new agey and garbage, which is all the beautiful paradox of meditation. We can't get into this practice until the practice is ready for us. Then we practice until there is no more practice and life begins anew where it always was, right here and now in front of our faces. Being with the changing mystery, regardless of being, will help humanity achieve the true status of human **being.**
For those that haven't heard yet, vonage is offering free calls to mexico. You don't have to be a customer, just download the app and all charges are waived until the 30th.
[deleted]
*Gorby, like most residents, planned to ride out the storm in La Manzanilla, last hit hard by Hurricane Jova in 2011. "I have tequila. I have cat food. I have things to calm my nerves," she said. "I don't know how you prepare for something like this."*

Catfood **and** tequila?  Relajarse chica, you *got this!*

I'm afraid Guadalajara will be hit very hard by this hurricane. Even if the city is 200km from the coast and the path of the hurricane does not take it exactly through it. 

The city's water drain system is disastrous. Strong rains cause moderate to major flooding at least once every couple of years. Just a month ago the company where I work had a vehicle total loss to water damage on moderate rain. The driver had to be rescued by firefighters.

I still remember hurricane Gilberto and hurricane Alex hitting Monterrey very hard (specially Gilberto) and Monterrey is 300 km away from the coast.

As director of IT I have instructed my employer's operation in Guadalajara to backup everything, shut down its operation, move all of the critical infrastructure to the third floor (we occupy a three story building), and seal all windows with plywood. All employees except for security (in case looting ensues) are being sent home. Security staff is stocked with enough supplies for a few days. Also everyone was briefed in hurricane safety.

Maybe I'm exagerating, but I guess better it's better to be safe than sorry. For some reason people I have spolken to in Guadalajara don't seem to be taking this seriously. Or am I taking it more seriously than I should?

Edit: (Update 1): After reading the comments concerning the security employees, I realized that it is true that maybe I wasn't caring enough about the security employees' safety. I promply got in touch with them to make sure they wanted to stay in the office and to ask about the safety of their families. All of them assured me that their families are safe in concrete structures and that they are really happy to be able to earn the extra money for the additional work. We pay them very well, much higher than most companies and we will pay them every hour of this incident at least 3x rate.

(Update 2): We lost utility power. All of the neighborhood seems to be without electricity according to the security team. We are operating with the backup generator now, which should last a lot since most of the equipment is disconnected, and we only have the phones, PBX, routers and the fiber links online. It is unknown if it was due to the hurricane or a preventive measure on the part of the electricity company (CFE).

We have 4 dedicated internet links each one with a different Tier 1 provider, 3 fiber ethernet and 1 copper ethernet. One of the fiber links is down now. The other 3 operate normally. It is also unknown if it is related to the hurricane, but the service has an SLA and never has gone down before. I'll have to submit the ticket with the ISP anyways and see what they say. I'll let them know I don't need a technician fixing the link in our premises for the moment.

(Update 3) If you have an emegency and somehow I can help during this process feel free to contact me. I should have internet and telephone in the Guadalajara office even in the worst scenario as we have many dedicated links.

Edit: (Update 4) First incident already... and the hurricane just made landfall minutes ago (unrelated to the hurricane).

Three guys in a Blue Chevrolet Chevy tried to break into the office through the main entrance. The security team did not need to confront them as when they sounded the alarm the potential intruders immediately ran away. I gave the instruction to notify the municipal police and provide them with all of the information.

I guess they saw no cars or visible activity, and the windows all shut so they thought the building was empty due to the hurricane and decided to break in. 

Still no reply to the ticket raised on the ISP that with the link down.

Edit: (Update 5) Utility power is back now as well as the fiber optic link that was down.

Edit: (Update 6) ISP of dedicated link that went down replied to ticket that the problem was not related to the hurricane.

I will need to leave in order to personally check everything is ok at our backup datacenter here in Mexico city in order to avoid possible service interruptions to our customers. I will try to post any update in a couple of hours.

Edit: (Update 7) Hurricane has passed and, fortunately, it appears there were no effects in Guadalajara except for some minor floods. In our office everything seems ok. Only minor power fluctuations reported (couple of minor brownouts and later mains voltage at 138V instead of 127V). 

All news reports agree that there is no possibility of further trouble, as the hurricane already passed Guadalajara and dissipated. Usually I would be very displeased for this... but this time I'm very happy that I will have to write a large report about why I gave so many safety directions that adversely affected business while nothing really happened. Hopefully everyone will understand I was just trying to keep our staff and operations safe.

Time to sleep now. Thank you all.
Here's the [Reddit Live Thread](https://www.reddit.com/live/vsowstyv3er1)
Here's how much of an outlier this is in the Eastern Pacific Basin: http://i.imgur.com/StaqTgU.jpg
It doesn't seem like people are taking this seriously enough.  This is no joke.
[deleted]
Is this in any way connected to El Niño?
This hurts my heart to read about. There are millions of people in the path of this monster without the means to evacuate so quickly and without a safe home to ride this out in.

This is going to be a very difficult news story, emotionally, to watch unfold with its inevitable human toll.

Edit: Clarity

Edit 2: Since people seem to actually be reading this, I wanted to provide a link where those who want to can donate to the International Red Cross disaster relief fund. 

I couldn't find a specific place to donate for Mexico as I type this, but if they release one, I'll be sure to update. Until then, I know the Mexican Red Cross branch is already gathering volunteers to send down, and I'm confident they'll be dipping into the international relief funds to help out down there.

http://www.ifrc.org/en/get-involved/donate/

Edit 3: Website for Mexican Red Cross

https://www.ifrc.org/en/what-we-do/where-we-work/americas/mexican-red-cross/

Edit 4: Here's where you can donate directly to the Mexican Red Cross: 

https://cruzrojadonaciones.com/#

Edit 5: For those who would like other options for donations besides the Red Cross, here are some that seem legitimate and will directly benefit those effected by Hurricane Patricia. Sincere apologies for the length of this post. If anyone can tell me how to hyperlink, I would greatly appreciate it.

Save the Children

https://secure.savethechildren.org/site/c.8rKLIXMGIpI4E/b.9319863/k.23A/Hurricane_Patricia_Childrens_Relief_Fund/apps/ka/sd/donor.asp?msource=wekdopat1015

Catholic Relief Services

https://secure.crs.org/site/Donation2?df_id=8900&amp;8900.donation=form1


I lived through Katrina and Rita.  The flooding was quite intense. 

What I'm telling you is not for karma, but that maybe people who don't know can get insight. I saw water licking the bridges which make people in boats look like ants.  As a repairman, I walked on the rooftops to keep the hospital from waterfalls getting inside.  Unzipping my jacket nearly blew me down when outside.  I could see Pine trees bend so far they strained to touch the ground.  Metal sheds fly like kites, shingles fly like soft ninja stars, and even plywood can be ripped.  Entire road sections disappear, be careful driving because erosion is hidden by water.  While walking on a sidewalk, my supervisor disappeared up to his neck.  

Corpses were unearthed, fresh bodies floated.  Most deaths were from exposure, some of trauma.  The rain is incredibly cold for someone used to the tropics.

Ama
My whole fucking mom's side of my family is in the path of this thing, along with a few family from my dad's. I've been there 20+ times and the infrastructure is in no way able to handle this. I'm pretty worried for them.

EDIT: I should clarify that my family lives inland, but in a mountainous area with an already near-capacity dam nearby.
I'm in Guadalajara for business. Meetings are still going on as scheduled and no one is really talking about it. I feel like I'm the only one that's a bit worried. I don't know where shelters are located or anything.

Dont know how to answer to everyone that has taken the time to comment. Meetings stopped and I went back to my hotel. We are expecting a lot of rain. Im watching the news as I write this and it looks like Guadalajara is back on the path. 
[removed]
**Im reposting from the other thread in case it helps anyone out. 

Hey man, Ive been through storms like this, gusts of 185. Edit: Well apparently not as big as this, but still... Ive been through multiple super typhoons. Ive been without power or water for over a month multiple times, except unlike you- I live here, so we just endured and rebuilt, you will eventually go home. Most of these things you might have just because you are already packed to travel

1. Contact people, tell them where you will be held as soon as possible, and leave everything off and stored unless you need it.

1. any meds you need take care of that first obviously, and tell whoever is in charge.

1. They will probably bring you to the closest concrete (hopefully rebar reinforced) building. The power will go out for days at least, Id assume. If the building is not strong or has anything but a solid concrete roof, leave and find better shelter. Everything wooden will be destroyed.

1. Bring a change of clothes and non perishable food in your bags. Canned foods and ***water***. There may not be supplies available so use these sparingly and dont use it until you have to. This is how people grow to love cooked spam.

1. If they bring you to another hotel and not an auditorium, fill up the tub with water for general use. We also would line and fill all plastic trashcans as well. Only babies showered in a tub, everyone else showered with a small bucket and rag or from a rain gutter.

1. Matches, lighter, candles, mosquito coil, knife, flashlight, batteries. Its obvious but people dont really have to do it often, but always kill your candles before you sleep, because at best you waste materials.

1. Buy some cards or a game and a book, if you get stuck you will get bored.

1. Grab some plastic bags for your fully charged electronics and other uses. Actually a good thing to do is put electronics in a small bag, then put everything in a trash bag, then another so the knot is on the bottom of the second bag. The in your luggage. trash bags make handy raincoats too.

1. Blanket, bug spray, sunblock, rag, bandages, hand sanitizer, iso alcohol. Actually beach stuff is pretty good.

1. In one of your bags put some cardboard that you can use to fan yourself when its hot, or swat bugs. The trees and everything will be down, plus standing water everywhere. Everything is wet, so however bad you think the bugs will be, it will be worse. And if you have a the only light around, guess what happens.

1. Id say maybe break it into three bags. Clothes, supplies, and tools. Good luck brother, be helpful and wary, this is when communities prevail.

1. If you can find a small gas stove and pot thats great, you can boil water or cook rice or whatever.


Sorry I keep adding things as I remember them. The things needed to survive long term are different obviously. Generator (or a friendly neighbor), looots of water and gas, pots and pans, gas stove, machete and protective gear, etc…

[Here a vid on a storm I went through, its not mine I just googled it, a sort of resume' if you will.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GVNfzFZZdmA)
Strongest hurricane we've ever seen during the hottest October we've ever seen, and this is occurring the year after the hottest year we've seen.  

Awesome.
That was my ex wife's name. You're all fucked.
I mean, thankfully it's a region that's dealt with hurricanes before, but jeez. "Strongest recorded hurricane' is still pretty dire.
I am in Puerto Vallarta and so far it is really calm. Little bit scary but i think we will be fine. Did the last shopping this morning and people where fighting about bread. To every1 on the coast, i wish the best.
I'm afraid this event is going to be the same or worse than Hurricane Katrina over ten years ago(2004 right?). It was crazy the damage that hurricane left. We can only hope and pray the storm clams down fast. 
Im currently in Manzanillo Colima and winds are a bit strong but nothing too worrying, ir is said that in 4-5 hours ir will get nasty but right now everything's fine. Will keep on posting.

EDIT: the winds are getting way stronger and trees are starting yo bend really bad. Hope it isn't as bad as they say 

EDIT 2: well my cellphone battery ran out but here is what happened: around 6 o'clock the Hurricane hitted land and started wrecking shit up in the city, tons of trees were falling, the street signs were also falling down. But i saw no windows broken or houses teared apart. I get that the hurricane luckly didn't hit Manzanillo with full strength but still the damages wasn't anything near as bad as it was said to be. Still Thanks a lot for your best wishes!

We're going to need a category 8 for that bitch.  http://www.nhc.noaa.gov/gifs/AL092008T.006.gif
Damn my family is in the path of this and they didn't evacuate I want to slap them but I'm sure I would of stayed at home too... They're south of Manzanillo on the coast in Tecoman .. If anyone else is there know that I'm worried about you too
Fuck. My mom and grandparents are in Bucerias and Puerto Vallarta, respectively. I'm really worried for them. 
"I have tequila. I have cat food. I have things to calm my nerves," she said. "I don't know how you prepare for something like this." ...lady, I think you nailed it.
This is what climate change is like.

Not just a little warmer weather, but more violent weather.
Guys, this is really bad, I mean they're going to lose the majority of the population in the region hit. This is going to change a lot of things. We are on a countdown to one of the worst catastrophes to hit our modern world. Brace yourselves, we're all going to be hit by this one. A fuck load of innocent beautiful loving people are about to be taken from us.  I'm in the US and If I had any sort of power I would be rounding up the support convoy and gearing up to provide disaster relief to a proportion never before seen. 

I don't think there is anything we can do but wait. 

I'm from south florida I know my hurricanes, the magnitude of this one is beyond words, consider a giant eraser and that land is a whiteboard. But the whiteboard is people like me and you. 

I’m distraught.  Fucking Hell. 
I think this is a fair judgement your children should be able to claim inheritance on your shit once you die like the courts said 

*"the manner of birth of a person is irrelevant"* (In regards to inheritance) 
Good one India. Now the little bastards get their just desserts from the utter bastards.
**I think its the right choice &amp; At last JUSTICE PREVAILED** **but in DELAYED KARMA Mode**

Those who didn't read the article here is the summary 
&gt; In a major judgement, High Court has ruled that a child born out of rape has inheritance rights over the property of the assaulter, the "biological father", and suggested that an appropriate law may be enacted by the legislature to deal with this "complex social issue". Further said the child will be treated as an illegitimate child of the rape accused and will have inheritance rights to his property.

&gt; The court, however, added that if the child is given away for adoption, then he/she will not have any rights on the property of the biological father.
That how Dance of the Dragons started...
Edit: Sorry Blackfyre Rebellion, its hard to keep track of Targ succession crises.
&gt;  “all of the provisions that recognize the rights of the public are non-binding, whereas almost everything that benefits rightsholders is binding.”

&gt; The DMCA criminalizes DRM circumvention, which is harsher than a number of other TPP countries’ existing laws.  .......  criminalizing anyone who “circumvents without authority any effective technological measure that controls access to a protected work, performance, or phonogram.”

Sounds wonderful.


Too bad we're all so thoroughly alienated from the political process that knowing something five years in advance is no proof against it.
We have a system of copyright not to make money for creators but to promote the useful arts and sciences and to allow for a limited time of exclusive production of those works. This extends from the Copyright Clause of our constitution:

&gt;To promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by securing for limited Times to Authors and Inventors the exclusive Right to their respective Writings and Discoveries.

In 1790 we had a term of 14 years, renewable once by authors who were alive. Now we have a term of life + 70 years, and we've exported it to most of the world by way of similar trade agreements.

The CTEA and DMCA are functionally unconstitutional by extending the length of copyright retroactively. Taking works whose authors are already dead and about to move into the public domain and extending additional monopoly rights to these works does absolutely nothing to incentivize the production of new works and the very last thing we should be doing is exporting this broken system to the rest of the world.

Worse than that, our broken system doesn't come with one of its redeeming factors and an essential counter-balance: fair use.
Can someone tell me what i will not be able to do on the internet that i currently am able to do? Thanks
I am glad this was addressed last night in the debates.  
Looks like I'm going to have to pay for WinRar after 2 decades. Sad days ahead of us.
"Ok guys, we realized the war on drugs was dumb, but we need wars. How about a war on open source?"
Anyone read about those old coal mining towns in the US?  You work for the mining company, live in company housing (owing rent to the company) and buy food from the company stores.  The cost of living is purposely set to above the wages they pay so their workers are always in debt and can never leave.

That, to me, is a good example of some the problems unregulated capitalism can cause.  Now there's a lot to love about capitalism, but it does have it's share of [problems](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dIuaW9YWqEU).  Traditionally, the only thing that can reliably mitigate the downsides is government regulations.  I don't think many people would say that workers rights and food/environmental safety laws are a bad thing, yet it's in capitalist's interest to not have those things, as generally they cost them money.  That's what's so dangerous about the TTP.  It would take away a significant chunk of a governments ability to regulate corporations.

If you're interested, Dan Carlin, who does a pretty good political podcast IMHO, did a good [podcast](http://hwcdn.libsyn.com/p/6/6/8/66894a63e02388fe/cswdcc90.mp3?c_id=8658015&amp;expiration=1447273817&amp;hwt=edfb0759164181bd7b03a927427063db) on this and more.

edit: for clarification
#TPP ≠ not just internet, its a massive trade deal.

[Post to my previous comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3s1ud7/tpp_deal_worst_thing_that_harper_government_has/cwtjqu0?context=3)

https://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/3rnsnm/eli5_full_text_of_tpp_what_it_means_to_the_people/

https://www.reddit.com/comments/3nl4sz/

https://ustr.gov/tpp/outlines-of-TPP

https://ustr.gov/trade-agreements/free-trade-agreements/trans-pacific-partnership/tpp-full-text




**long post, because why not, and copy of my old comment**

A few highlights of the TPP: 1. Lower tariffs generally (good for consumers and export-oriented producers, bad for industries that compete heavily with imports)

Signatories agree to enforce intellectual property restrictions for a longer period of time (good for pharmaceutical industry, bad for consumers of generic drugs.

Internet freedom activists have also criticized the TPP for its potential to entrench and expand US copyright law)

It weakens protectionism in the auto industry, like the North American content rules (bad for US auto industry, good for Japan).

It enhances labor mobility so it is easier to move within TPP countries - similar to EU.

It includes labor rights clauses, restricting child labor, forced labor, etc. (this will prevent people from challenging labor laws as protectionist measures, and may raise the standards of some developing country signatories slightly)

Ends some forms of agricultural protectionism in Japan and Canada (bad for Canadian dairy farmers and some Japanese farmers, good for consumers and producers elsewhere).

It also contains an environmental chapter, which has received more criticism than the labor rights chapter as far as I've seen.

It will establish an investor-state dispute mechanism (some critics argue this will elevate corporations and enable them to undermine national sovereignty, while defenders point out that most trade agreements have such provisions, and the TPP has included an opt-out for tobacco regulations, after the Australian experience).

The TPP will likely boost GDP among the 12 prospective signatories (US, Canada, Mexico, Vietnam, Brunei, Singapore, Japan, Malaysia, Peru, Chile, Australia and New Zealand). But the gains range widely. Because the US is already a large diversified economy, its projected gains from trade are smaller - only about $78 billion. Vietnam, in contrast, is projected to see an 11% boost to GDP.

Of course, not everybody stands to gain equally. Consumers gain pretty unambiguously from having a greater access to cheaper goods.

Workers in some industries stand to lose as they face greater competition abroad, while others stand to gain from access to new markets.

In some countries, however, there are provisions in place to help those displaced by trade treaties. The US has Trade Adjustment Assistance, for instance.And in the Canadian election, Stephen Harper pledged billions to the auto and dairy industry (though it is up to Trudeau as to whether he follows through).

Some of the other implications of the treaty are harder to sort out in a balance sheet type manner. 

There may be geopolitical implications, as the US strengthens trade ties with many ASEAN countries, plus Japan. The treaty may pose risks to the environment. 

And certainly for consumers of generic drugs, this is probably not a good treaty.
Interested in how companies are suing governments worldwide? A corporate enslavement of nations is about to take place. Some following cases of hundreds of cases brought against states by corporations claiming a horde of damages


• Britain is considering plain packaging of cigarette products and it has been challenged by the cigarette industry for compensation that may run into billions of taxpayer money; 

• Philip Morris is suing Uruguay for billions over its decision to increase the size of health warnings on cigarettes and for clamping down on the use of sub-brands, which give the impression that cigarettes are safe to smoke; 

• Philip Morris closed its factory in Uruguay during a labor dispute leaving workers out of jobs by using blackmailing tactics to get its way; 

• Vattenfall the Swedish energy giant filed suit in 2009 for 1.4bn-euros against the Federal Republic of Germany in the Moorburg case that refers to two massive coal chimneys spewing a steady stream of thick smoke into the sky.

 • A year after the Moorburg case closed, Vattenfall files another case against Germany seeking 4.7bn from the taxpayer on its decision to phase out nuclear power. 

• El Salvador is facing a multimillion-dollar suit lodged by a multinational mining company after the small country refused to allow it to dig for gold. 

• Argentina was sued by the French conglomerate Vivendi after the province of Tucuman limited the price it charged people for water and wastewater services and was forced to pay 100m-dollars in compensation. 

• Ecuador after cancelling an oil-exploration contract with Occidental Petroleum the company filed a suit before an international investment tribunal and was awarded 1.8bn-dollars in damages;

 • Australia is currently facing a billion-dollar lawsuit filed by Philip Morris the tobacco conglomerate

http://greece.greekreporter.com/2015/11/10/ttip-globalization/?
If things are done in secrecy, then your best interests are not in mind.  US government is full of crooks equally as bad and corrupt as other foreign governments.  US is no different.
oh well fuck the internet, fun while it lasted, back to actual social interaction
Contaminated water, adulterated food, low wages, infringements on free speech and democratic rights. What did you expect? This is capitalism at its finest. Now go out and buy yet another smart phone!
Abuse of intellectual property is a major factor in trade: perhaps half of all aeroplane engine parts in Asia are fakes. In China in 2002, one US brand had a 95% market share, but the owners of the brand sold only 5% of the total product that was consumed: the rest was counterfeit. When Microsoft launched Windows XP in Hong Kong, there were vendors selling ripped-off CDs of it outside the very conference centre where they did the launch. 

The treaty is designed to manage this sort of abuse abuse of intellectual property. That is why it is written explicitly to manage the abuse of intellectual property. Those who are innately opposed to patents, copyright protection and similar IP management will oppose any such measures, be they in the TPP or out of it. Secrecy has nothing to do with it: if those stealing IP were outed, you can be quite sure that there would be a hullabaloo about privacy. Transparency is always for other people. 
Reminds me of earlier in the year when we [accidentally legalised a load of drugs](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/ireland-just-accidentally-legalised-ecstasy-ketamine-and-crystal-meth-10098612.html) for 24 hours.
This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.irishtimes.com/news/ireland/irish-news/injection-rooms-for-addicts-to-open-next-year-says-minister-1.2413509) reduced by 83%. (I'm a bot)
*****
&gt; Drug users will be able to use supervised injecting rooms in Dublin next year, followed shortly afterwards by Cork, Galway and Limerick, according to the Minister in charge of the National Drugs Strategy.

&gt; Outlining his thoughts on injecting rooms, Mr  R&amp;iacute;ord&amp;aacute;in will tell Monday&amp;#039;s conference, hosted by the school&amp;#039;s International Drug Policy Project, that he does not see injecting rooms as &amp;quot;Free-for-all&amp;quot; facilities for drug addicts.

&gt; &amp;quot;These are clinically controlled environments which aim to engage hard-to-reach populations&amp;quot; of drug users, including homeless drug users who would otherwise take drugs in the open, creating risks to themselves and the public.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/3r6wvw/ireland_plans_to_decriminalise_the_possession_of/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ "Version 1.6, ~11499 tl;drs so far.") | [Theory](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept/) | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr "PMs and comment replies are read by the bot admin, constructive feedback is welcome.") | *Top* *five* *keywords*: **Drug**^#1 **injecting**^#2 **room**^#3 **next**^#4 **addiction**^#5

Post found in [/r/worldnews](http://np.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3r6w86/ireland_plans_to_decriminalise_the_possession_of/) and [/r/besteurope](http://np.reddit.com/r/besteurope/comments/3r6wrf/ireland_plans_to_decriminalise_the_possession_of/).
This tactic has been used very successfully in Vancouver already.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Insite
Anything that stops them shooting up on the 40 is fine by me.
Lived in Dublin for a few years. 

On the number 13/40 bus, going from Inchicore towards Dame Street, you would sometimes see people shooting up on the back seat of the bus, during the day, even if children were present. If you saw coats draped over the back of the seat in front of them, you knew exactly what was happening. 

Sitting on the top deck of the bus I saw two people shooting up in the carpark of the City Council building. This is essentially government property. 

On O'Connell street, which is essentially our main tourist area, you'd see people openly making drug deals. 

At the height of shopping season one year, two Junkies got into a fight over spare change in the middle of a busy shopping area. One pushes the other and he falls right in front of a bus. In front of dozens and dozens of people. 

Dublin has a huge heroin problem that is rapidly spreading to loads of cities, even hearing it's starting to become more apparent in Galway. So anything that does something to help the problem is greatly needed. 
Would be an excellent idea. Hopefully move the addicts out of the city centre and get them the help they need. 
I told yis, lads! Let the gays marry and sure, next thing, we'll all be on drugs! 

Seriously though, this is a really progressive move. I'm shocked! 

Edit: apologies for the humour attempt, I thought I was in /r/Ireland 
This is a step forward. Addicts often need help and locking them up in prison with people who 9 times out of 10 are in for way, way worse crimes than they are doesn't help them. If anything it only makes it worse by pulling them deeper into the crime world. So good job Ireland.
Portugal. Canada under PM Trudeau. Now Ireland. More dominos will fall, and this nonsense "war on drugs" will finally end. 40+ years of wasted money and time. Good riddance. 

Edit: spelling
This seems like a good thing. Before people get excited, decriminalization isn't the same as legalization, so this isn't Ireland becoming more libertarian with regards to drugs, rather it's part of a plan to change the tactics regarding the war on drugs. The way most people think of addiction is simply false; that the chemical component causes addiction, when in reality it's their living condition that's more at play. Bruce K. Alexander's experiment [rat park](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rat_Park) is an excellent example. Instead of out casting and imprisoning people which only makes the problem worse, policy should change to better treat people's addiction.
I think some context is needed here, Dublin has a very serious problem with junkies/addicts on its streets. The main street (O'Connell Street) is particularly bad, it really impacts on the city's image, and a lot of locals either avoid or look down the the street altogether. A massive shopping centre on the road closed recently, and apart from the GPO and the Spire, there's absolutely nothing on the street. Hell, it's risky to walk down the street at night. I think it's unacceptable. 

However, giving them the option of sanctioned drug rooms is an excellent first step. Sometimes they would whip out a needle in broad daylight and won't hide it; again, it's really not a good sight for tourists.
I am genuinely interested to see how this story will play out in the future. The Spanish constitution prohibits any regions from breaking away from Spain, so I want to see what will the Catalan parliament do about it. Will they just show a middle finger and say "Screw the constitution"? 

Also, "the centre-right government of Spanish premier Mariano Rajoy, facing a general election in December, has said it will immediately seek to block the resolution in the courts."

It'll ~~genuinely~~ be interesting to watch..
They really should have created Hispania to strengthen their de jure claim then they wouldn't be having this problem.
GDP of Spain is about 1.3 trillion. GDP of Catalonia is about 255 billion. It's a huge chunk of the Spanish economy and I bet the Spanish government will do just about anything to keep is part of Spain and keep the revenue flowing. Spain is in bad shape as is, so an actual sessesion would cause a full economic collapse. There's no way this will happen without violence.
Spain is never going to allow the secession constitutionally. Which leaves Catalonia doing it unilaterally, worst case scenario, Spain is perfectly able to send in the national guard. Even if this doesn't happen Spain is going to pressure the UN and the EU (no euro either).  Catalonia would not be recognized, let alone allowed into the EU. Spain could place an embargo or screw with them in many other ways. I don't know how France would play along in this scenario.

This is a lot of hypotheticals but I don't really see any scenario with a good outcome for Catalonia. I could be wrong and they split peacefully, but Spain's attitude up to this moment suggests that this is unlikely. 
As long as it lets me convince my wife that we need a new National Geographic Atlas of the World, I'm for it.  She won't let me replace mine just because there is now a "South Sudan" -- I need *two* new countries.
I am curious How it will end. In today's world it is more and more difficult to secede from a country, loans, paychecks, healthcare, social benefits, unemployment money, retirement money, everything is centralized in huge softwares.. Moving everything to a new system must be such a nightmare.. 

It's not just "hey we are independent now !", people must consider the tremendous efforts it will take to rebuild a government and all the tools that seems like granted but were developed and financed by decenies of taxes.. 

+People should be aware that leaving a somewhat stable country and form a new one will most likely have as consequences less trust from foreign investors, foreign companies and worst rates on pretty much everything : Loans etc.. 
Obviously, there are plenty of other aspects of a Catalan secession, but I'm really interested to know if La Liga would remove any Catalan teams from the league as a result. That would be a massive curve ball to Barcelona, particularly (meh, espan-lol fc).

Also, worth noting that the vote was 72-63 in favor of secession. I would kind of hope that a decision of this significance would have more in favor than 53%.
Can anyone weigh in on why the Catalonia region of Spain feels the need to secede? 
Stephen Maturin rejoices!
It must be Monday.  I initially read this as "Canadian parliament votes to secede from Spain ..."


Perspective of a Castillian spaniard: This vote passed the Catalonian parliament 72-63. That is, in the bastion of support of the separatist movement, this vote squeaked out a majority only after one party voted as a bloc. The political reality is, it would be very difficult and costly for Catalonia to secede even if 95% of the population was enthusiastically on board with the idea. But if just 53% of MPs could bring themselves to vote for it *in their own regional parliament* then it borders on the impossible to implement such a drastic change in the medium to long term.

The separatist movement should think hard about what would actually be best for its own people. The EU has indicated Catalonia will have to go through the EU application process just like any other country. They will lose a tremendous amount of money every year until trade agreements are restored, and since Catalonia's biggest trading partner is the rest of Spain, it doesn't bode well for their economy. Spain will be the country least inclined to trade with Catalonia, with the most to gain from Catalonia's failure.

EDIT: Another reason why this is dead in the water-- pretty much every EU country has a separatist movement in it. The respective EU governments are loath to show support to one nation's separatist movement, out of fear it will legitimize the one within their own borders. If you're making a new country, the first thing you need are other countries to recognize you exist. Many of Catalonia's neighbors will be hesitant to do so for what it means for their own national borders.
Settlers of Catalan
So whats the plan of Catalonia? Feeding thier bellys with national pride? 

They have no plan for what comes after. Right now, they have a huge part of spains GDP, yes, but how much will be left after every fucking global company takes his 'spanish' HQ from (mostly) Barcelona to Mardrid? They want and need a spain HQ. Not a Catalan HQ "out of EU" with 1000 / 4000+ employees. 
Currency? 
EU? 
public sector entities? 

There is so, so much raw emotion and pride sidens the catalans, but so so less foresight. 
But what will happen to Messi?
The same user is submitting tons of click bait from this same source.

C'mon Reddit....let's keep some quality on /r/worldnews
If it's off-patent, why can only one company make this drug for Canadians?
That's a weird name for a drug.
Hello World !! Meet another sick greedy bastard.
Somewhere in Manhattan, Martin Shkreli just shit his pants. 
It wouldn't let me use the link to the original article when I was trying to make the submission so here is original CBC [Link](http://www.cbc.ca/news/health/infantile-seizures-drug-1.3318183)
I mean, according to the article it was either raise the price or cease production altogether. This drug is still available.
Did anyone bother reading the article? It stated that production of the drug was to stop entirely in 2016. 

Are we just ignoring facts now and just grabbing pitchforks for the sake of being outraged?
Don't even bother reading these comments it's pure stupidity.
I want to share with everyone how dangerous infantile spasms can be. My son was diagnosed with a rare brain disorder at 3 months old, and we were told to expect seizures and look out for them. Only a few weeks later he started having these jerks randomly. At first they were only a split second at random and it was difficult to catch on camera. Then they started more frequently. They only lasted a few seconds, came in clusters from just a few to over a hundred in about 15 minutes. He was diagnosed with infantile spasms. He was no longer trying to sit up, became paralyzed on the entire left side of his body and did not use it anymore. These seizures caused global development delay and it was hell. We had the option of ACTH injections which was estimated to be around 40k (before insurance) and another medication called Sabril which had very bad side effects I wasn't willing to risk. By some miracle the seizure medication we started him on stopped the IS within a few weeks, it wasn't supposed to. 

Taking advantage of parents and children like this is absolutely Fucking revolting. 
This is why the government has to decide the pricing on medicine. I mean, a free market is great and all, but in cases like this it's just too dangerous.

Edit: Yes, I'm no expert at economics. My points was that the prices of things like these, should be regulated by the government. 
&gt;So that's $500,000 to build.

&gt;$500,000 to transport supplies.

 &gt;Aaaand $21 million for the two of us *high five*
I would have done it for a mere $42 million.
And yet there is no need for the government to audit the DoD and the Pentagon's spending right?
Over in Iraq and Afghanistan contractors were making bank, even though they committed a lot of fraud and made shitty stuff. Like the showers that electrocuted people, raping female soldiers and leaving them for dead, or building a structure, then later coming in and scrapping precious metals like copper and doorknobs and such, then saying they couldn't complete said project unless they got more funding, which ended up happening time and again. 

So when people ask you if you are anti-military, say "No, but I am very much against all the frivolous spending on shit projects in shit countries where our money disappears to," and reference storieslike this.

The only reason they can get away with this is because anybody that had any opposition obviously hates our military and are not patriotic and are no better than the Westboro Baptist Church. This is what blind patriotism leads to. You can love your country, you don't have to love your government.
I've said this before but we get FUCKED by contractors every day. 

We pay 400 dollars to pass in a piece of paper that they always turn back, turn it in again? 400 dollars! Wow no mistakes this time even though its the same fucking thing. Oh and by the way that was for them just to look at the paperwork, then we go on to spend a couple thousand for them to look at whatever we needed, such as a vehicle or weapon repair. That we then get charged EVEN MORE for them to fix. A 5 dollar repair in America costs 15,000 in Afghanistan.
When I was in Afghanistan, we went to visit a honey bottling company that a US government agency had funded. The company had been given over a million dollars ($US) and was an almost empty factory.  We waited for the "manager" to show up.  Finally after an hour, and brand new Mercedes pulls up (very rare to see). Out pops this gentleman in a brand new suit and says he is the manager of the plant. He has just returned from his vacation house in Germany. He is asked about the status of the plant, and why it's almost empty besides a few piles of empty honey jars. He tells aid worker that they need more money.  Aid worker sees no problem with that, tells the manager to keep doing a good job, and promises him another million dollars for the factory.  The manager came to our base the next week and collected his money.  I'm sure this happened all the time, and it makes me sick to think of the millions upon millions of dollars that are wasted over there like that.
100k for the station and 42.9m for the oligarchs. And yet we criticize russia for the exact same things we do...
This is how they fund secret projects and intrests. Its like qhen your mom gave you money as a kid. She gives you a 10 for milk at the store, you buy the milk and a small item for yourself. When you return the change, your mom is none the wiser.
But I thought social security was the problem???
Contractors are the real thieves but the media would make you believe it's some poor person somewhere in America
...and I just finished reading Reddit come to a consensus that overspending $11 billion on disability payments isn't a big deal.
The US will never be able to keep a lid on it federally after this (not that they did a good job to begin with).
[Another checkmark for the Trudeau Meter.](https://www.trudeaumetre.ca/)
I'm imagining some old guy pulling a big green lever that starts up a giant puttering mechanical bong that spits out smoke rings shaped like maple leaves.
Trudeau : No keystone pipeline Mr. Obama? Fine. Legalize it boys. 
I can already see Canada's tourism industry rubbing its hands with glee
What does this mean for Ricky and the boys at Sunnyvale Trailer Park?
[removed]
All the BC grow ops wanting to keep it illegal for big dolla are scrambling.

edit : [this guy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sezhr7jbrlk)
What a glorious day for Canada, and therefore, the world. 
Tourist revenues in Niagria Falls are going to up.  Way up.
Justin Trudeau at the G-20: "Ah, guys... I thought this was the G-420." 
What's happens when it becomes legalized? Is it all across Canada or do provinces choose whether to follow suit?
He is the dankest prime minister on earth.
Well, I wonder if I'll make that $20 I bet against my friend. I said legalization before 2020 he said after. This was like 5 years ago before Trudeau was really on the radar. 
Canadians so have all the chill.
Can we just elect Trudeau as well? Canamerica, anyone?
This guy doesn't waste any time. 

Take a look politicians, it doesn't take years of bitching or haggling to get things done.

Edit: I get it folks, the US government and the Canadian governments are different. I'm fully aware of this, thanks. It still impressed me nonetheless.
Pot makes people hungry right? What is the stock symbol Tim Horton's trades under? 
Well he was a snowboard instructor.
We in the US nominate Trudeau for the position of North America overlord.
Dude, weed. 
As a Canadian, it's nice to see progress. 
When it's legalized where can I buy some? I've never smoked weed in my life.
Greenhouse gases and global warming issues were first raised and 
and scientifically explained in 1896 IIRC.  When I graduated university
in 1970 human behavior driven climate change was well understood.
Big oil is no different than big tobacco was.  Both funders of pseudo science to support their bottom line. 
Remember when cigarette companies got sued?
Exxon execs have testified before Congress quiet a lot. Couldn't the company be held in contempt of Congress or at least purgery?
In the early 80's I remember watching a video in elementary school, that I shit you not, was a propaganda film about how burning fossil fuels is good because *trees breath C02*.  I'm not fucking kidding. 

Edit: Yes everybody knows that trees breathe c02. That's not the point. 
Shocking. 
Exxon's response:

http://www.exxonmobilperspectives.com/2015/10/21/when-it-comes-to-climate-change-read-the-documents/
Wait, isn't this repeat news from a few weeks ago?
Wait, you mean to tell me an industry that for years actively denied the dangers of leaded fuel and the huge environmental impact it had is basically doing the same thing again?

Hows that saying go? 

Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me.
I hear corporations are people. RICO anyone? 
And that is how the "free market" model *actually* works. Not the silly libertarian dream of how corporations always will compete to have the best, most socially responsible system in place.
I feel like Ive seen this story on the front page for 40 years.
TRAITORS TO THE EARTH!
Good for them! At least some good came out of this, what with the education on disease prevention and better hygiene. Hopefully this staves off another epidemic from happening.
Did anyone ever read about how victims who got treated may actually have the virus dormant in their eyes or in genital parts? I should go find that article. But thats great this thing is getting beat.
So much for the world ending. Looks like i no longer have to move to Madagascar
We did it reddit
Egyptian prime minister is saying it crashed according to bbc now. Sad news if true.
[Flightradar24](https://twitter.com/flightradar24/status/660370810029236224)
Flight #7K9268 was descending with about **6000 feet per minute** just before signal was lost.


That's terrifying to even imagine.

Edit:

6000 feet/minute = 100 foot/second = 68 miles/hour = 30.5 meter/second = 110 kilometer/hour


TU-214SR Doomsday plane is up 

http://www.flightradar24.com/RSD47/7d9bdd6
The Russian A321 captain informed air-traffic controller of technical faults after take-off and asked for route change, a source in the Sharm el-Sheikh airport told RIA Novosti.
[Plane is completely destroyed.](https://twitter.com/SkyNewsAust/status/660381908262453249)
Flight radar playback: Looks like it lost altitude right before it went down. From 33k to about 28.3k feet.
Edit: 400 knots to 93 knots in 1 minute. Wow.

https://www.flightradar24.com/data/flights/7k9268/#7d986d3
~~Egyptian aviation official says lost plane is safe~~

~~http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/10/31/us-egypt-crash-idUSKCN0SP06V20151031~~

Update: Egypt says Russian airliner has crashed in Sinai

Edit: Still conflicting info
Egyptian PM says it has crashed: https://twitter.com/AlArabiya_Eng/status/660361804342652928

EDIT: AFP is now confirming this... https://twitter.com/AFP/status/660362154223144960
Those are one of the victims. It says: "We're going home" https://vk.com/o.sheina85?z=photo26163004_387296696%2Falbum26163004_00%2Frev
Live thread. 

https://www.reddit.com/live/vu7sadsx36hl
Please remember, this plane has crashed in a remote and volatile area, and it's an airline operated by a controversial world power. Airline crashes are already chaotic and lead to confusing reports, but the circumstances of this situation make it especially easy to jump to conclusions. The circumstances are going to lead to a lot of bad reporting and misinformation, as well. Wait for the facts before slapping together a conspiracy theory. It's foolish and disrespectful to the people who died. My condolences to the friends and family of those lost.

All the idiots commenting "karma" need to get a sense of perspective and originality. I bet they don't blindly support the actions of their governments yet they make stupid comments about innocent people dying just because they don't like the Russian government.
It seems we go through long pauses in aviation disasters, it settles for some time then events like these really hit hard. Condolences to everyone involved. 
RIP to Russian airline passengers.
What dazzles me most is that there are reports coming in now that the crew knew that the plane was not functioning right and that there were problems with the engine. And the crew complained multiple times, and NOTHING was done to fix it. How can you risk human lives like that? This is just evil, knowing there are life-threatening problems and doing nothing to make it right.
Last night I got woken up by an unusual sounding airplane (Malta) it was a Ukraine Air Alliance cargo antonov which sounded awesome.. after that I started scanning the area for interesting planes and ended up scanning over Libya/Egypt etc thinking to myself what would happen if one went down while I was tracking it... on my dimly lit iPad screen they are all just small airplane shapes which has no meaning when looking but now I will think about how each of those small shapes represents people. I am truly saddened by this news.
Hello, pilot and safety officer who is familiar with the A321 here. Willing to answer any questions you may have as quickly and factually as possible. 

Edit: I'm back and starting to answer now 
No. Not another flight crash... 
There are reports of people surviving the crash. Reports are coming that Egyptian authorities are hearing human voices from the wreckage.
RIA reports: http://ria.ru/world/20151031/1311253537.html

EDIT: Reuters are reporting the same thing: http://af.reuters.com/article/egyptNews/idAFL8N12V0BO20151031

I have so much hate for all the shitty and insensitive comments on here about MH17 and the like. A reminder: Exactly 0 people aboard civilian carrier flights deserve to suffer a fucking plane crash for whatever shit their governments or militaries are currently embroiled in.

These aren't "Russia's Citizens"

They've just spent their time on business trips, holidays, in a hot and sandy foreign country, and they were about to head home to somewhere that's about to get real fucking cold. You ever experience that trepidation as you hop on the return flight to somewhere you know is going to be a whole lot less pleasant than where you're leaving? Yeah. That's what they were experiencing. They're just holidaymakers.

And now they're dead. For exactly zero reason. Their deaths weren't making a point. They're not martyrs. They didn't have it coming.



My thoughts go out to everyone whose been affected by this tragedy. It's heartbreaking.
From reading the articles these past few days, it feels like Saruman has left the country.
"No Press is Good Press" seemed to be Harper's policy regarding everything.

Keep it coming with the good vibes Trudeau...
Great, so now we're going to hear about scientists running around muzzle free biting everyone? 

Thanks Trudeau. 

Lol. 
[deleted]
its still strange for me to see news articles about my government and not feel shame.  Go Trudeau.
Canada's back, baby!
I'm just thankful that Trudeau recognizes the importance of science in the 21st century. Political ideology should never stand in the way of scientific discoveries.
My relative (who works in climate change, and incidentally will be meeting with the new Minister of environment soon, she's excited about it although the Minister doesn't have much relevant experience with climate change itself, according to her) is over the moon. For so long, as a civil servant and then working in government, she and other scientists have been ignored, blocked and shut up. Under Trudeau, there's hope that Canada can reverse some of its disastrous environmental policies.
Comedy Short from Rick Mercer, the host of Rick Mercer Report, the Canadian Daily Show / Colbert Report.

https://youtu.be/t3jxHw0SpQY
Seriously, the amount of positive political changes since the change in government is almost unheard of. Finally a good leader. 
There is a special level of hell for anti-science conservatives.

"The one-child policy is estimated to have prevented about 400m births since it began." That's around 5.4% of the worlds current population, thats staggering. 
Great stuff, soon Japan will be instituting the "Dear God, at least one child please" policy.
It was kinda almost defacto ended anyway..... so many exceptions, most importantly the one where if you are a single child, you can have more than one child yourself, which I assume would include a lot of the next generation of parents (or the ones that aren't rich enough to pay)

The headline should be: China brings in two child policy

Honestly this won't have an effect the population in China by much. 

Heres why:

1. Rapid urbanization means that most Chinese people are now living in urban centers. The cost of raising kids have sky rocketed since the dissolution of communist style state-sponsored early child-care and education. 

2. The culture of what defines a "family" has greatly changed in the past 4 decades under the 1 child policy. Whether the kids grew up in multi-generational homes or "nuclear" style families, they've only known families with 1 or 2 kids at the most. This is what is perceived as a "normal" family, with all of the attention of both parents funneled into one or two kids. 

3. Migrant labor's usurpation of sustenance farming as the primary income for rural populations means that there is very little advantage to having a large household. If anything, the special conditions of a migrant labor family (where the child is raised by the grand parents, and both parents are working in cities and sending money back to raise the kid) means that it's highly unlikely that migrant family can support large families. 

4. The practice of contraceptives and family planning is very much the norm. Even in relatively rural areas, contraceptives are readily available. 

Basically, China is not going to have another population boom, and this change in policy might not fix their demographic bomb. 
Everyone complains about the 1 child policy

But look at India, where there are so many kids in the streets, starving, playing in trash...easting trash.

Or the Philippines, where they are so religious (catholic) they are against birth control and have so many kids in poverty, selling their bodies....parents litterallys elling their kids into sex industries.  (See angels city)

China's one child policy worked
It seems reasonable as the population growth are no longer as uncontrollable as say 30 years ago and the rise of aging population and welfare burden means one-child policy is no longer a sensible economical measure.
I think India should implement the one child policy. They are expected to overtake China's population soon....

By about 2019, the average Chinese will be older than the average American; considering that China doesn't have much in the way of a Social Security system, this is a huge problem. 

The end of the one child policy when looking at it from this perspective was entirely inevitable. 
There seems to be some confusion in the article and this thread about how many births the One Child Policy (1CP) prevented. It certainly isn't as high as *400 million*, a number often touted but of dubious origins.

The origins of the 400m thesis are two fold:

* Chinese propaganda efforts to justify the efficacy of an unpopular policy, and 

* Western misunderstandings about Chinese policy names

In China, the policy is not actually called the One Child Policy, it's called the Family Planning Policy (计划生育政策). The FPP started in 1970 and included a decade of more conventional family planning programs including birth control, female education and (perhaps most importantly) repudiation of earlier policies which encouraged as many children as possible. These measures actually worked at bringing the fertility rate down. It wasn't until 1980 when the 1CP went into effect. To get at 400m fewer births, Chinese statisticians have to start from 1970, not 1980 which is when the 1CP would have started to have effect.

**Some sources:**

[Paper on common myths](http://www.jstor.org/stable/10.1086/681664?seq=1#page_scan_tab_contents)

[Wang Feng's analysis](http://news.uci.edu/feature/the-bitter-legacy-of-chinas-one-child-policy/)

[Chinese source claiming closer to 100m fewer births](http://heyafu67.blog.163.com/blog/static/107334342201061034267/)

[Chinese fertility rate, 1970-79](https://www.google.com/publicdata/explore?ds=d5bncppjof8f9_&amp;ctype=l&amp;strail=false&amp;bcs=d&amp;nselm=h&amp;met_y=sp_dyn_tfrt_in&amp;scale_y=lin&amp;ind_y=false&amp;rdim=region&amp;idim=country:CHN&amp;ifdim=region&amp;tstart=17467200000&amp;tend=333086400000&amp;hl=en&amp;dl=en&amp;ind=false&amp;q=fertility+rate)

[Chinese fertility rate, 1980-present (notice difference of scale)](https://www.google.com/publicdata/explore?ds=d5bncppjof8f9_&amp;ctype=l&amp;strail=false&amp;bcs=d&amp;nselm=h&amp;met_y=sp_dyn_tfrt_in&amp;scale_y=lin&amp;ind_y=false&amp;rdim=region&amp;idim=country:CHN&amp;ifdim=region&amp;tstart=333086400000&amp;tend=1374465600000&amp;hl=en&amp;dl=en&amp;ind=false&amp;q=fertility+rate)

[fertility rates of selected countries, 1970-present](https://www.google.com/publicdata/explore?ds=d5bncppjof8f9_&amp;ctype=l&amp;strail=false&amp;bcs=d&amp;nselm=h&amp;met_y=sp_dyn_tfrt_in&amp;scale_y=lin&amp;ind_y=false&amp;rdim=region&amp;idim=country:CHN:IND:IDN:KOR:THA:VNM:POL:TUR:BRA:MEX:IRN:SAU:BGD:PAK:ZAF&amp;ifdim=region&amp;tstart=26020800000&amp;tend=1319860800000&amp;hl=en&amp;dl=en&amp;ind=false&amp;q=fertility+rate)


Wake me up when Africa and South Asia introduce a one-child policy. God knows they need it. 
I wish India starts it.
They are allowed to have two children now. Atleast with an official permission.

Good for them.
China wants to get involved because Uyghur separatists have supposedly joined up with ISIS.  If any of these get back to China, they'd bring along the ISIS playbook and make things a lot harder for China to stop terror attacks.  According to the Wiki, 800 people have been killed by Uyghur separatists since 2009.  
ISIS is also building a time machine to piss off Hitler, Genghis Khan and Leonidas.
Actually, this news article is very liberal with its wording, as of this moment China has not "declared war", and thoroughly searching Chinese news outlets for any mention of this came up with nothing
Tomorrow's headline: "North Korea mobilizes to destroy ISIS."
I think the real issue is going to be staying out of each other's way. 
If you have managed to get the US, China and Russia to attack one "enemy", you really have fucked up.
We now have Russia, USA, France, and China going completely after ISIS. Enough 'superpowers' to level the entire word without using nukes. Now all we need to do is find ISIS.
I am starting to feel like the leader of ISIS may be named "Zero" or Lelouche" 
"I don't know guys, I think you can fit one more in my butt." -ISIS

edit: thank you kindly for the gold!
Woo hoo world war 3 where the whole world is on the same side... Come on multi culture pals let's blow these fuckers to smithereens.
All I can think is Civ V at this point.

"Damascus has requested help in destroying a nearby barbarian encampment."
ISIS is either really doing their best to start this so called apocalypse and end time battle, or their leader is just the smartest person *cough* Ozymandias *cough* and is about to usher in a new wave of global peace and unity. 


By definition, a "world war" is a military conflict involving a majority of the world's "primary" nations. It's bizarre to imagine that in this case, World War III may be "Everybody versus ISIS".
The attack in mali's capital killed "more than people"? WHAT ELSE DIED??
The dragon joins the eagle the bear and the lion in the war on terror
I'm wondering if they plan a land invasion with small groups of 2 million soldiers each.
I think it is worth noting that isis has been the greatest force in uniting the world powers litterly ever. Not global warming, economic melt downs, Ebola, or 9/11 united so many nations. So in a weird fucked up kinda way, they could eventually be seen as the catalyst for some future world collaboration projects
&gt;Chinese President Xi Jinping: "China will strengthen cooperation with the international community, resolutely crack down on violent terrorist operations that devastate innocent lives and safeguard world peace and security."

I hope good things come out of this. 
I was relieved bout Russia going after ISIS but hell even im clueless on what chinese are capable if get pissed off
This is starting to feel like end game Civilization 5
1. Unite literally everybody against us.

2. ???

3. Prophet?
Congratulations Daesh, you managed to unanimously unite the P5 on a single issue, wanting you dead. This is probably one of the most significant diplomatic successes of the 21st century and a real step towards world peace... over your dead bodies.

Vote Daesh for Nobel Peace Prize 2017!
The world now agrees on 2 things:

1 coca cola rocks 

2 Isis sucks 
&gt;following an attack in Mali that killed more than people, including three Chinese rail executives. 


Is Mirror implying that Chinese rail execs are more than people? 

Probably not, probably a typo 
Is this World War 3???
Isis is gonna be so done with religion and war once they realize weed and video games are a thing 
Conspiracy Keanu: Maybe ISIS's main goal is to unite the world, and is aware that the only conceivable way of doing so is by terrorizing all the heavyweight nations unconditionally
Now that all five permanent UN Security Council members have declared war on the same target, could they, theoretically, jointly decide to nuke ISIS and veto any UN repercussions?
I imagine he didn't leave them with the possibility of taking him alive. Still, it sucks that he's got his 'martyrdom' rather than imprisonment.
here is this detailed animation of the happenings

https://twitter.com/itele/status/667261888636456960?ref_src=twsrc^tfw

RIP dog
Au revoir et adieu, enculé.
On to the next one
Anyone else see the woman's head and partial spinal column on the ground, in front of the mattress, in the third picture in the series? I don't think CNN noticed this or they would have put a graphic warning up. Or maybe i am imagining it.

(NSFL)
http://www.cnn.com/2015/11/18/world/gallery/french-raid-in-saint-denis/index.html

edit: Added a NSFL tag since people seem to think i am right. 
The best part is not hearing about him being in hiding for the next decade.
*Though meagre joy is found in death,*  
*I'll gladly say with ease:*  
*I will not waste a single breath*  
*To mourn such men as these.*
His poor neighbors must have had a scare to learn that a raid was going on, and a larger scare to find out they live near an ISIS terrorist.

[One of his neighbors is fly as fuck though.](http://i.imgur.com/aZs3ofr.jpg)
He looks young as fuck.
I am so glad he wasn't refered to as a "mastermind". Makes him sound like a Bond villian, not some psychopathic asshole.
As French citizens: it is a relief
Would have been nice to see him face trial.
Fantastic news! Well done France.

Edit: A question about one of the new security measures Belgium is implementing. People who have gone abroad to fight with ISIS will be jailed upon their return. This makes total sense to me. ISIS has openly declared war on the West, so fighting with them would constitute treason, no? I'm just wondering why this law wasn't enacted before this horrible tragedy. Were there legal obstacles?
Counter-Terrorists win.
Burn in hell, cocksucker. The police dog whose life you took was worth yours twice over.
Hopefully CNN.com will stop using such unnecessarily large fonts now...
Rest in pieces, asshole
Adopt the Russian method and bury him with pig parts. 
France needs this win. It's horrible that it's come to this, but it really shows the power of the French people. 
As a French this is the first relief I feel since the attacks. Peace to the families.
Good. The delusion of 'martyrdom', and of it being the surest way to "paradise", has to be among the most toxic ideologies ever created by 7th-century desert-strewn bumpkins. 
Sad that they didn't get him alive! They may have gotten some useful intel and terrorists should face the same legal punishments as everyone else..
&gt;His body was found riddled with bullets and shrapnel

This sentence made me smile
If you read the article, it's actually much worse than it appears. 
Sounds like something ISIS would do. 
Edit: Hi everyone! I'm not replying to any of you, because I can't be bothered! Thanks for the replies and stuff though, happy to have helped the discussion. 
So a poet is being sentenced to death just for not wanting to partake in religion. This is ridiculous. Saudi Arabian government is a fucking joke.
Saudi Arabia ally and friend of the west. Fucking scandalous this is allowed in this day and age. Disgusting. Medieval idiocy. 


This must be OK because they're on the UN council of human rights, right?
Saudis are hypocrites by nature. Rich Saudi royals party a lot in Miami, LA, London, get escorts , get drunk and spend millions.When they go back to their country, they preach religion and hang people for Atheism. PATHETIC.
[In other news, US sells $1.29bn worth of arms to Saudi Arabia](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/11/16/us-saudi-usa-arms-idUSKCN0T51NC20151116)
But that's okay, because they have oil. And we like oil. Right??

Not only that, but we like selling arms to them, too. (Why Canada?)

As long as they're buying and selling, governments will turn a blind eye to this and every other barbaric action that they have and will commit. 

It's 2015 Saudi Arabia....get out of the fucking stone age.
But at least they take many Syrian refugees... oh wait.
I gotta ask, Is there any redeeming quality to that country?
Easily the most hated, despicable nation in the world. 
He has no choice but to lie about his beliefs in order to stay alive. Makes you wonder how many people in the world are secretly Atheists/Agnostics but lie about it out of fear of their own community.
The evil are intimidated by the intelligent.

This man appears to know more than his government.
Laws should be based on morality and ethics, not religion.
Roses are red

Religion untrue

I'll soon be dead

Next will be you
Islamic states are Islamic. They are just doing what they are supposed to be doing. Why is it shocking at all?
[removed]
[removed]
[this news article from reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSKCN0T62NC20151117) speculates the bomb was caused by the terror group Boko Haram which has killed thousands over the past few years. 

Nothing has been declared as of yet and no groups have taken responsibility for the bombing. 
Does anyone have a link to a victim list? Red Cross was cited in the news but they have no page with details or ways to find out details. My father in-law lives in Yola. 
This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://news.yahoo.com/bomb-blast-yola-ne-nigeria-red-cross-resident-211136954.html) reduced by 78%. (I'm a bot)
*****
&gt; Kaduna - More than 30 people were killed Tuesday when a bomb blast ripped through packed crowds in Yola, northeast Nigeria, just days after President Muhammadu Buhari visited declaring that Boko Haram were close to defeat.

&gt; The blast bore all the hallmarks of Boko Haram, which has previously attacked Yola with suicide bombers and improvised explosive devices in recent months.

&gt; Buhari this month was in Yola to decorate soldiers for bravery in the counter-insurgency as well as visit a camp for people displaced by six years of violence that has left at least 17,000 people dead. He told troops he believed Boko Haram &amp;quot;Are very close to defeat&amp;quot; and urged soldiers &amp;quot;To remain vigilant, alert and focused to prevent Boko Haram from sneaking into our communities to attack soft targets&amp;quot;.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/3t83k2/32_killed_80_wounded_in_blast_at_market_in/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ "Version 1.6, ~15231 tl;drs so far.") | [Theory](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept/) | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr "PMs and comment replies are read by the bot admin, constructive feedback is welcome.") | *Top* *five* *keywords*: **Yola**^#1 **state**^#2 **Haram**^#3 **Boko**^#4 **people**^#5

Post found in [/r/worldnews](http://np.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3t7m9j/32_killed_80_wounded_in_blast_at_market_in/) and [/r/Newsy](http://np.reddit.com/r/Newsy/comments/3t7xpj/32_killed_80_wounded_in_blast_at_market_in/).
Headlines like this aren't even surprising anymore, and that's fucking pathetic. 
I wonder if this is a response to the recent arrest of a top Boko Harm Leader and the discover of the IED factory? Hopefully Nigeria can use its oil wealth to educate the population and remove to political and religious extremism from society.
Boko Haram roots to present-day clusterfuck - 15th century, Islam arrives in Northern Nigeria peacefully via the sub-saharan trade. 19th century, a Muslim cleric by the name of Uthman dan Fodio declares a Jihad against the corrupt Hausau Kings who in his view were practicing a perverted form of Islam (They were, raising taxes while raiding their citizens for the slave trade). He won, because literally every sensible person supported him. He managed to create a pretty decent upgrade on what he inherited, which his descendants continued by encouraging land distribution and learning, piety and a reduction from tyranny.

Everything changed though when the fire-nation British Empire invaded and promptly crushed them, the forms of resistance were threefold, those who wanted to fight to the death to defend their land from the infidels, those who wanted to take the hijra (flee) to Mecca and those who wanted to surrender but adopt a passive form of Islam where they refused everything to do with the infidels including education (Spoilers this brand became important later).

Fast forward to colonialism, due to the Caliphate having an established system of rulership, it was easy for the British to slip right in to the very top, they had less problems in North-West/North East as compared to the more republican North-Central/South East where the British had to conduct numerous campaigns of "pacification" (implying they used logic and good reason, not the Gatling to convince people then of the glorious ways of the Brits). The North became significantly easier to rule after the British revoked their second amendment rights, "pacified" those who wanted to purge the infidels from their lands, you might be familiar with the more famous Sudanese Mahdist uprisings. but Nigeria had theirs as well. This left the elites, who were benefiting from British rule (they got to keep their sweet gig of...ruling everybody in the vicinity who wasn't white), those who were tired of war and those who resisted by shunning everything the British brought including education (Spoilers, they get important later).

The British liked the Northern elites, search for Tafawa Balewa on YouTube, wouldn't you like that dulcet accent too, but they left too much power in their hands, which led to a feudal system which still persists in the N/W and N/E till today, basically thanks to the Brits, they reverted back to everything the jihad tried to change.
Fast forward to the British rigging elections to keep their buddies in charge so they can continue getting that sweet crude oil on the cheap, past a coup, a counter coup, a civil war and give or take a couple of other coups and we become formally introduced into the pantheons of those now able to invade other countries to spread democracy (we nearly had our first chance with Burkina-Faso). Only problem is the problems Nigeria faces currently cannot be solved democratically, but modern Nigeria's problems are of a different subject of discussion altogether, back to the North we go.

Modern Nigeria is a country of many contradictions, literacy levels remain low especially in the North-West and North-East, however, unlike the south where their old feudal traditions have been smashed and social mobility is higher in the North, especially the N/W and N/E you're either born rich or pray and I mean pray!!! Regardless of your beliefs about the big guy upstairs...another advantage would be having a really pretty sister who becomes some Alhaji's wife and opens the door a tad bit for upward mobility.

The stage is then set for those who believed all the British brought was evil and destroyed their ideal Islamic society to make their comeback, under their charismatic leader Yusuf, they begin to preach of an Islamic revival, using the buzzword "Boko Haram" aka education but really taken to mean all trappings of modernity are evil, Yusuf advocated a return to the caliphate. Let me at this juncture interject to say Yusuf and Dan Fodio would be rolling in their graves at what Shekau is doing, Yusuf though illiterate seemed a decent sort and Dan Fodio only created one of the fairest, most enlightened sub-saharan governments.

Anyways, you would need a different insight on Nigerian politicians, just know that they really fail dismally at advocating for the people. Most Nigerians at this point I believe will settle for average leadership. Anyways, they made the brilliant decision to go kill Yusuf, Shekau took over. This would have been like taking FDR, murdering him and letting Hitler take charge, this however would not have been enough to unleash Boko Haram, for that they turned to America and her democracy bringing ways regardless of context.

Obama made the brilliant, far reaching excellent S/ diplomatic decision to applaud the toppling of North African strong Men in the Arab spring, prevent the stronger North from pacifying the South in the Sudan, and when that wasn't enough, aided rebels who led to Gaddafi's toppling. The people who replaced them, well to put it lightly they fail dismally at governing, this has led to their borders being porous, making it easy for arms to be smuggled past the Sahara.

But America doesn't get all the glory of blame, nope 70% goes to Nigeria's brilliant leaders, long may they reign in hell!!!(meant for effects). These blokes who were voted in, firstly chose to make it a political issue, oh my citizens are dying, but certain politicians from the region said they'd make the government ungovernable so jokes on them!, that was the President's view on the matter until it became an election matter.

Secondly, though he had a point, Boko Haram was far to well funded for anyone not to believe certain people with vested interests had a part in funding them. Thirdly, major water sources are shrinking in the North, this is creating a situation where the nomads (I kid you not, these guys have cattle nomads and their governments have not forcibly settled, in the 21st century) are migrating looking for water sources, Nigerian government true to form believes praying will bring water and turn back the effects of desertification, they also act as advanced scouts for Boko Haram, the huge social inequality in the North makes their message attractive. And that is how Boko Haram exists currently.

Boko Haram is attempting to destroy the northern, Islamic establishment that it regards as heretical. Among other things, Boko Haram has elements of a populist insurrection against the Nigerian political economy. The efficacy of the steps President Buhari has taken such as moving his generals to the north and the operations of the Multi-National Task Force are hard to judge because of the shortage of hard information about what is actually happening. The ongoing carnage caused by Boko Haram (as recently as last weekend) makes me skeptical about claims of success up to now. However, that could change.

Western governments should stop all forms of "aid" to Nigeria, the politicians just divert it to themselves and it creates a false impression where many of the country-men especially in the South don't believe they're dirt-poor. Stop the unnecessary propping up, let this whole house of cards collapse and let them pick up the pieces and begin rebuilding on a fresh slate. Your kindness is holding them back.

**EDIT: Thank you kind stranger for the gold!**

**EDIT:** Nigeria is a county of far too many contradictions that has never allowed it to grow organically, for example you have Governors using World Bank funds to construct Cancer hospitals in states where infant mortality claims 1 in 5 and where accidents claim 1 in 6, their legislators are among the best compensated in the world. Here you have a Governor spending N139M($697,582) on two boreholes, and goes on to spend another N640m($3.211) on a car park, Lagos state is also the highest receptor of World Bank funds. 

In my opinion either the Bretton Woods duo, send a Greece like troika to manage the country's finances or better yet stop releasing money so the politicians have to explain to the populace what happened to the money (missing $20 billion oil fund is one of them) which as their past leader put it "we have so much spending it is the problem". 

The thought that the current and future generation will be saddled with debt most of them are not even aware of (a majority of Nigeria's young population is situated in the North) and most importantly have not benefited from...(here is an example, there has been a recent uptick in power supply from 4hrs daily to about 12hrs, considering $35bn has gone into the power sector) alarming right?
Fucking hell people, shut up about "I don't see any Nigerian FB colours blah di blah" - it's fucking pathetic. Is that really all you care about when it comes to major events around the world?

Hopefully if there are increased measures to stamp out ISIS extremists, Boko Haram are also a priority. No less evil than ISIS, and desperately need to be destroyed.
This won't get much attention, sadly. Look at [**the 2015 Baga massacre**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2015_Baga_massacre) Over 2000 Nigerians were killed by Boko Haram...
same shit different country 
This just isn't a very happy week, is it?

^^^At ^^^least ^^^Charlie ^^^Sheen ^^^is ^^^positive.
What about the female gynaecologists? 
Does ISIS actually have am end game here? Ban education, ban medical aid, blow everything up. As far as I can tell they just want everyone to die or suffer regardless of religion. ISIS is basically the angriest most evil version of the 12 Monkies ever.
Midwives have been around since ancient times and they're very good at what they do, but modern medicine can handle problems that midwives can't address. This is about maternal mortality as much as it is about infant mortality. Midwives cannot do emergency surgery to save a mother's life, they can't put a premature baby on a ventilator...so ISIS does not give a shit if the women who are bearing their kids die, nor even if their own children die. I'm amazed. I've never heard of such a large group of people who literally do not love their own families. 
These guys are classic.... they rape women and then turn around and threaten their own health by shutting down the only places that identified STDS and infections on women.  May their next rape lead to deadly infections/incurable STDS for all the males involved.
Isis have really gone beyond the comic book/fantasy style villain organization. They're literally worse than hydra, cobra, red wizards of thay, Lannisters and almost any imaginable imaginary organization of villains I can think of. And they're real.

The best outcome here if for the shitty hygiene they're promoting to come back and give them some terrible new breed of STDs that will stop their breeding.

It really sucks for the women living under their rule though.

Edit: This comment certainly blew up although I said nothing of worth.

If you feel bad, you can take action. Here's a list of charities that can help the victims of the war in Syria if you can afford it:
http://www.theguardian.com/global-development/2015/mar/12/syria-crisis-how-you-can-help-donate-aid
And when their women start dying as a result of this they will claim it is just Allah's will. 
So let me get this straight. 

1. Male gynecologists are to be executed. 

2. Women are not to be educated. 

Yup. Solid plan. 
Threatens male Gynos with death? You mean basically outlawed the profession cause they don't let women have education either? Its such a shame what is going on over there.
Ok so they want to keep women as sex slaves basically but they don't want the pussy clean and healthy? No sense
It must be understood, ISIS is NOT some foreign entity, they represent a over islamic and militant contingent in that part of the world

if you want to "defeat" them, you cant simply raise hell for infinity years, you need stable and secular governments in charge of these nations

instability only FUELS them - you need to think with a higher mind in dealing with them
Can I just say thank you to NATO for this little gem?



&gt;Earlier this year, doctors in Isis’s Libyan territories reported a dramatic increase in cases of miscarriages and STDs among young women, as girls are forced into unions with fighters.
One gynaecologist told The Times in May that girls taken in to clinics were often so young they had no real sense of what was happening to them. “We see girls who are bleeding heavily from their genital area. Some of them don’t know what sex is — they come into the clinic playing with their dolls.”




Warmongering cunts.


Might as well just declare that you want to go live in caves with the associated caveman lifestyle. That seems more practical than these half baked new rules.
God I fucking hate ISIS.
God damn these people. As a Muslim, I want nothing more than to see these people rot in hell. 
I'll be glad when Russia kills them all.
"ISIS shuts down all women's clinics"

100% proof that US Republicans started ISIS.
Meanwhile in the states, Planned Parenthood is being defunded.
I can't believe this organization is allowed to exist. How has every single country not collectively sent their armies to completely destroy these monsters? This is 2015, not the middle ages!
Oh shit. American evangelical conservatives have infiltrated Isis.
They misspelled Texas. 
Next week's headline "ISIS resort to Club Penguin"
my girlfriend had someone add her on facebook which we're like 95% sure is a radical Muslim trying to recruit / radicalize people.

Their facebook profile pic is a caucasian family of 4 on a beach, but when you look at the posts, they're all about the evil West and radical Quran quotes and links to videos of ISIS and such.

Other than reporting it to Facebook using their form, which we don't think has done anything, is there anything more we can do?
[removed]
Shadowbans anyone?
Most posters here are not thinking strategically. You don't just get a text from ISIS.com who tells you the new twitter account. It takes time to build a follower base. Your core followers will always find you again but if you constantly clip accounts and assume they shed 5% of their followers who simply don't know what the new account is you will lessen their recruitment reach with every successful account to be suspended.

As for Intel I guarantee the intelligence agencies have other, more reliable, Intel gathering than twitter. However twitter is ISIS's MAJOR communications platform to the west and its global followers. It's more valuable to disrupt their global communications and rely on other forms of Intel.
If I spoke some middle eastern language, I'd pose as a hot arab girl wanting to join sis, and scam 5000€ from the loser AFC terrorist for travel costs.   This is what anonymous should do, strike them in the manhood. Catfish ISIS and drain their funds. 
Everyone here is making fun of Anonymous while they're at least doing *something.*
I really want to live in a world where an anonymous group of hackers destroys terrorism through intel and information before any government intelligence agency could. 
Well that's just lame policing - the Anonymous that I know would have hacked all their accounts and made their profile pictures into pigs and profile content on "How to Masturbate".

Step your game up Anon, you're just free speech policing.

edit! Thanks for the gold, and yes I'm also /u/dedheded, I copied my own pasta!
Why can't they identify who is funding them? That would be impressive.
[Who the hell is anonymous?](http://static.fjcdn.com/pictures/Adult+4chan+man+costume+anonymous+hacker+face+mask_b3c6f5_4862228.jpg)
The thing is, most if not all of those accounts were already being monitored while waiting for a slip. Remember that Daesh militant who got bombed after posting a picture that gave away his location? Well that's pretty much why those accounts weren't already suspended.
Why not surveil them and intercept their communications? This is like cutting the phone lines to someone who was wired tapped.
The only crime here is that 37 million can't launch you a career in pop music.
  After her husband was found guilty, Ho asked church members for their continuing support.


  “Thank you for your unwavering faithfulness in loving God and loving one another. More than ever before, let’s have a unity that is unbreakable,” Ho wrote on the church website.


Par for the course.

This is a new one... A pastor with a pop star wife. Also a pastor with millions of dollars? 
&gt;Kong will be sentenced at a later date, but faces life in prison under strict Singaporean law.

Its all coming together..

*can someone explain my comment, i made it then felt like this makes no sense then posted it anyways. What does it even mean?
[I would like to bring the world's attention to his wife's music](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Twxf2LraoEE)  
&amp;nbsp;  
Edit: Am from SG and this is huge news here too
Why would you wanna be a pop star when you have 37$ million?    
I mean if you're gonna use somebody else's money, use it good.
Is she the one that had a reggae song with Wyclef, Elephant Man and Matterhorn called "China Wine"?

EDIT: Yes she is - found the music video - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jd_fCJISBgs

A pastor's wife and co-founder of a church has a song called "China Wine"
This is a circlejerk of terribleness: charismatic asshole convinces people to give him millions, talentless wife convinces said asshole to waste those millions on a doomed pop career, asshole gets life in prison (as he should), and wife walks off scot-free. At the end of the day $37 million still wasted. Think about how far that money could've gone literally anywhere else. Such selfish people.
Amongst the more well to do youth in Singapore, being Christian is mostly seen as a 'fashionable' thing. You dress well, go to church, and show off a bit.

A friend brought me to the City Harvest Church once, and the main speaking stage is like a rock concert hall. The pastor's wife came on stage, sang a song, and then they started doing this 'God's Tongue Language' bullshit. I just stood up and walked out that instant. It's crazy, but I'm not surprised the church is filthy rich.
Again I tell you, it is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for someone who is rich to enter the kingdom of God.
&gt;Ho, a co-founder of the church who also performed under the stage name of ‘Geisha’

Kind of a redundant naming scheme 
Wow, $37 mil? I guess you can say he really didn't want his "Singa' poor".
Stories like this make me sad.. my mom has worked her whole life at a lutheran school/church. Stories like this make it seem like the coffers are lined with tears and gold.. the reality is *many* lutheran churches barely meet their monthly budgets. Which is sad, because her church/school in particular outreach to the community in as many ways as they can (dozens of food drives, beds and work for homeless, English second language outreach etc etc). I come on here and it makes me sad to see soo many people take a big shit on religion like it is all corrupt and about making money.. reality is if churches like the one I described were not "tax exempt" they would be closed in a month. It's not all private jets and fucking over the congregation. That disgusting behavior makes it easy for people who never spent real time in church functions to take pot shots at religion.

/rant
/r/Singapore rejoice, we made it to the front page! Rumor has it that he plans to start a ^cell ^group in prison.
Funny how people were shocked by this.  The entire purpose of mega churches is ripping off morons.
No amount of money is going to make that ugly woman a star.
&gt;IS fighters said they carried out the gun and bomb massacre - calling Paris "the capital of prostitution and obscenity".

I like how prostitution is such a terrible idea for IS, but raping slaves is a-OK!
&gt; He said they were not carpet-bombing raids, but precision-guided operations that had been well planned in advance.

This gives some context. May be the attacks just expedited the raid.
Ugh. A google image search for Raqqa is NSFL.
France had a nap THEN FIRED THE MISSILES.
Shit is getting real pretty fast.
20 bombs, and a small scrap of paper that says "you know these things work even when they aren't strapped to your own men, right?".
Official video of French jets taking off to bomb Raqqa 

https://youtu.be/c4HuUjMUcQs

Edit : it appears the video has been blocked weirdly enough. 
Looking for another source 

Edit 2: updated the link as the video had been taken down from YouTube for some reason.  You can watch the video now on the french army's official military operation Facebook page 

Edit 3 : YouTube video is back online, I put back the YouTube video for better convenience 
I REALLY hope Russia get's wholeheartedly involved in obliterating ISIS. Putin has been looking for a fight with someone, and I really think he'd be great at killing jihadists on a large scale. And he isn't handcuffed by what other people think of his tactics. It could be awesome.
I just finished reading The Count of Monte Cristo. I learned the French can be savagely  revengeful.
France has been carrying out airstrikes against ISIS since September. 

https://www.rt.com/news/316624-france-bombs-isis-first/
[My friend sent me this yesterday.](http://imgur.com/kBrwdN7)
France has already been bombing ISIS in Iraq and Syria. I guess this will give people some war boner satisfaction but I'm not at all satisfied. These are attacks that would have been carried out anyways. More has to be done.

All the comments in here are acting like France hasn't been doing this for months already. Haven't they flown like over 1,000 missions so far?
&gt; The planes hit a jihadi recruitment centre, training camp and arms depot run by the group, according to the French defence ministry

My only question is why is this place being hit now, not yesterday or last week. 



But with that said, I'll just quote SaintViolet, "fuck their shit up hard"
This is one of those moments in life where words and descriptions will never fully articulate the scale of what has actually occurred. For many people, seeing a child's body washed up on the beach was the perspective they needed, but didn't want. That was plastered everywhere, and it hurt, therefore it was effective in serving it's purpose.

This said, I'm providing a link at the bottom. It's a photograph of the aftermath inside the Bataclan Concert Hall. I'm sure others have posted it, and it will probably make it's rounds at some point soon- but I haven't seen this picture anywhere else on Reddit aside from when I first saw it. The major subreddits where you would expect to find a disturbing image such as this have all been quick to remove it for their own various reasons, which is unfortunate, but ultimately their individual perogative.

&amp;nbsp;

I think it's important that people have the opportunity to see this.

&amp;nbsp;

This is not the most graphic picture I've ever seen by any stretch. Granted, I've seen some shit... but with this one, it's not so much about what's in the details (it's nothing "up close"). It's more about the visceral impact that the picture delivers, and not just within the context of the 13,^^th  but also when factoring together the events of the past few years.


Speaking for myself, the truth helps put the gravity of these events into a more accurate context, and I think it's important for everybody who shares this sentiment to be able to do so.

&amp;nbsp;

It's not for everybody.

&amp;nbsp;

Some people feel more comfortable with a sanitized version of reality- *there's no shame in that.*


I think most people agree you would get a better understanding of war from watching "*Saving Private Ryan*" than you would from watching "*Gomer Pyle*". This is the best analogy I can think of at the moment to draw comparisons between this picture and what you might see on CNN/BBC/NBC/etc.


Anyways, I'm done with my excessive diatribe. I just wanted to preemptively clarify my logic to those who will undoubtedly ask *"Why share this?"* and label my motives as *"tasteless"*.

Again, **I think everyone should see this, unless they explicitly choose not to**.

&amp;nbsp;

*Here it is...*

#[**Very NSFL**](http://i.imgur.com/kgtK7a9.jpg)

&amp;nbsp;

&amp;nbsp;

&amp;nbsp;

#
If the superpowers continue this trend, ISIS will become WASWAS.
French here.

Hate brings more hate. Bombs bring more bombs.

Still, I can't help but feel a bit satisfied by the news that these motherfuckers get rekt by our bombs.

You fucking fuckers.

EDIT: a lot of people here seem bloodthirsty, I expected something else.
I didn't expect this to happen so quickly but with that said, I'm not all that surprised either. 
https://twitter.com/Raqqa_SL/status/666001507163205637

No civilians casualties known so far, according to a local anti-ISIS network. I find it a bit hard to believe honestly.
Part of me wants to whine and cry how bombings aren't going to solve anything... 

..  but on the inside I'm rooting them the fuck on.   and I don't feel bad about it at all.  Bonne chance,  mes amis.
The problem is - now ISIS will show videos of innocent civilians dying in the aftermath as evidence of how the "crusaders" are killing innocent "brothers and sisters" and use such propaganda to recruit more Muslims to join their cause, thus, contributing to a vicious cycle. 

But to be blunt, if I was France, I would react in the same way and expect my government to react in the same way. 
Well ISIS pretty much fucked up the chances of innocent Syrians being welcomed in any country.
Some of you need to be honest with yourselves. The western world is the most measured, humane group of nations ever in history. France has nuclear bombs. Think about the kind of devastation they could unleash if they were actually cruel people like their opponents.
Yes, just the beginning. French voters now want blood. Just like American wanted blood after 9/11. Anyone's blood, does not matter. Someone has to pay. So they will hammer Syria and kill scores of poor SOBs that were unable to escape ISIS and were stuck there. And from the rubble, the pain and grief of the survivors, new terrorists will emerge. 


Edit: People are asking me what I propose instead. Here, this was written by Harry Browne in the aftermath of 9/11, but 12 years later,  it is still highly relevant. This is my proposal.    
[What Can We Do About Terrorism?](http://archive.lewrockwell.com/browne/browne63.html)

EDIT2: Wow, did not expect the gold. I just wrote this in the heat of the moment. Thank you sir/madam.
ISIS honestly isn't aware how badly the the French are about to fuck their shit up. The world pokes fun at the French for being pansies but, in reality, the French are notorious for whole sale rampaging without remorse. No questions asked. Kill if it moves and don't look back. That's what's about to start going down. I'm excited to watch another nation start to brutally kick off into ISIS's ass, but I am not looking forward to watching the innocent folks that are about to die due to a very pissed of France. 
So when America gets attacked by terrorists and they bomb Muslims, Reddit tells me we're just making the problem worse.  When France gets attacked and they bomb Muslims, Reddit celebrates...
I heard Raqqa's water and electricity supplies are kaput too thanks to these airstrikes.

Rest in piss ISIS. Literally.
No matter which way this end, if it ever ends, it's deeply depressing on all accounts.  
I'm deeply depressed by all this.
Shit on their dicks France!
Entendez-vous dans les campagnes
Mugir ces féroces soldats ?	
Ils viennent jusque dans vos bras	
Égorger vos fils, vos compagnes !
Reddit is so fucking bizarre. Almost every comment was "Something has to be done about this!"

Now that France is doing something, people are like "Can't we do something else?"

No. We can't.
THE FRENCH ARE COMING 
I can't believe how sanctimonious and fucking condescending some of the replies on here are, people being disgusted that France is thirsty for blood, or saying its not right they are bombing Raqqa because of the civilians there?!

It must be nice being able to sit in your houses in your cities that weren't attacked, putting up your Facebook photos with the tricolour on it and posting Facebook messages to make it look like you give a shit.

Do you fucking blame these people for bombing the shit out of the people who landed a devastating terror attack on their home soil, brutally murdering innocent people for no gain other than to incite terror? Have you not seen the pictures of the people who were blown up in that theatre?!

What in FUCKS NAME do you expect paris and france to do right now? Of course they are going to retaliate, they've just been attacked in their capital and you expect them to sit there pussy footing around. Have you seen Paris lately? Everytime theres a small noise or someone acts suspiciously people are fucking running for their lives because they think they're about to be murdered!

He's bombing Raqqa?! GOOD. Atleast France has the bollocks to retaliate.
As much as I hate to decry the killing of these terrible people, military interventionism is not a long term solution, it is a long term problem. These bombings may kill today's terrorists, but they also create tomorrow's.  

We need to wage a war on ignorance, not a war on terror. We need to use different weapons, like education, global internet access, and sanctions to enforce civil equality for all humans. The solution is a long, grueling process of educating the global population. We should take every precaution to defend ourselves along the way but we need to stop perpetuating the problem.
I hope France rips them a new one.
As much as I appreciate the need to respond, I feel for the innocent civilians in Raqqa who are caught in this conflict.
ITT: Reddit turning back to being anti-war after being mercilessly frothing at the mouth pro-war.
Fuck em up France. ISIS deserves no mercy.
That's how it starts. The fever. The rage. The feeling of powerlessness. That turns good men.. cruel
Fuck their shit up hard, France.

We stand by whatever actions you take.
This ruling only applies to four people.

http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2015/11/04/454707070/ruling-by-mexico-s-high-court-gives-4-citizens-right-to-grow-marijuana
I've always found some of Mexico's laws and rights very interesting.  For example you can't get charged for breaking out of jail or prison.  They recognize that it is part of human nature to want to be free and it is wrong for punishing human nature.

Edit: I'm getting a lot of replies about some similar comment yesterday.  I never saw it and I'm not trying to rip it off.  This is something I learned years ago.  Believe me or not, thats your choice.  But thats the honest truth.
It's kinda weird that the entire Western world just suddenly decided that pot is OK now.
This whole marijuana legalization movement is really kicking in to overdrive. Justin Trudeau being sworn in, UN calling to decriminalize all drugs, Ireland deciding that was a good idea, and now this.. 

Awesome.
I'm not sure I'd agree that *smoking pot* is a fundamental right. I'd argue that *liberty* is a fundamental right, and making it illegal to smoke pot infringes upon that right.
It's *kinda* bullshit, only 4 people are allowed for now, but if more and more people seek refuge from the law that just good deemed inconstitutional, it can become fully legalized.


No, what they recognized is the fundamental right to choose.
Mexico has always been good to tourists :)
I hate this discussion about "fundamental human rights". It makes no sense to me. Yes, it should be legal. But not because humans have a "right" to it. 
*The company is “working to minimize any disruption to people’s access to Facebook in Belgium.”*


Tracking people without a facebook account, making ghost profiles for those who don't have one, stealing numbers from contacts if you're using their app and making ghost facebook profiles for those who don't already have an account will disrupt the usage of Facebook in Sweden?

They're a joke.
Behind their active monitoring of everything typed for key words, the scariest thing about facebook is the shadow profiles. You may have a profile on facebook without ever visiting the website, it just is not visible until you join. 

When your friends download and use facebook, the app/service scours the device for contact information for the people that person knows, names, phone numbers, email addresses, other social media accounts, and it sends that home to facebook's servers. Now, one data point isnt enough to tell anything, but if everyone you know does it, then they know that you exist, they know who you are through your metadata, and who you know because of who has your number on their phones. They know that John Doe exists, has this phone number/email address, and is friends with Steven, Sara, and Kevin. When they draw a map of the social groups/networks of the users, they map out that Steven knows Sara, and Kevin knows Jessica, and there is a little greyed out bubble for you, John Doe, with a line drawn between you and Steven and Sara, and between you and Kevin, which leads them to the conclusion that you are acquainted with Jessica.

Thanks to the willingness of your friends to use this service, they can map out who you know, and everyone you are likely to know, without you even so much as signing up or clicking a like button. 

The Stasi would have killed for this kind of data.  
And stands to make 300,000 euros a day if it continues.
&gt; faces a fine of € 250,000

pshhhh

&gt; a day

oh
Zuckerberg: "You're right, I did lose a quarter-million yesterday. I expect to lose a quarter million dollars today. I expect to lose a quarter million dollars tomorrow. You know, Belgium, at the rate of a quarter-million dollars a day, I'll have to close this place in... 560 years." 
I hope Facebook isn't too quick in fixing this. Less taxes for me.
Living in Saint Denis. Definitely gunfire. Woken up at 4.30 by it. It calmed down a bit, but is not over entirely yet.

News outlets seem to indicate it's crossfire from a police intervention hunting for terrorists from Friday.
French media reports:

- **Two, possibly three, terrorists dead - including the suicide bomber**, some unconfirmed reports claiming the third fatality was a civilian
- **Three arrests**
- **Three police injured**, apparently not seriously

---

French media say they have **confirmation from police that three of the people targeted in the police operation are dead**, including a woman who blew herself up with an explosive belt.

---

Unconfirmed reports that a woman detonated a suicide vest

---

French media have reported that **at least one person has been killed in the police assault**. His identity is not yet known.

---

**Six explosions** heard [7:32 local time]

---

Army has been deployed

---

The other two men in holed up with him in the apartment block were believed to be Salah Abdeslam, the subject of a major manhunt since Saturday, and an unidentified “ninth attacker” sought since Tuesday night.

---

Agence France-Presse reports that **the target of the police siege in St-Denis is Abdel-Hamid Abu Oud**, thought to be the ~~mastermind~~ cunt behind the Paris attacks.

It had been thought that he was in Syria.

---

Gunfire has ~~apparently stopped~~ just resumed [6:52 local time]

--- 

Unconfirmed reports that arrests have been made 

---

**[According to Djamel Mazi](https://twitter.com/djamel_mazi?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw), a journalist in St-Denis, two or three men have barricaded themselves into an apartment in the centre of the suburb.**

---


Peu urged residents to stay home, saying: **“It is not a new attack but a police intervention.”**

---
An official says **a large police operation is under way** in the Paris suburb of St-Denis and it’s believed to be linked to the deadly attacks on the French capital.

---

The police official says there have been **exchanges of gunfire** and **SWAT teams are on the scene**. The official was not authorised to be publicly named, according to police policy.

Police have blocked off the area around Place Jean Jaurès in Saint Denis, just north of Paris.

----

Agence France-Presse confirms **two police officers have been injured** in the St Denis raid.

It’s not yet known how many have been hurt or the severity of the injuries.


---
From the [Guardian livestream](http://www.theguardian.com/world/live/2015/nov/18/paris-attacks-police-hunt-ninth-suspect-as-germany-on-alert-after-hanover-bomb-threat-live)
150,000 security personnel have been deployed in the search for cells/terrorist networks.  

Git em lads
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mJDEUmy7Wzk
Really wish the news would stop referring to the suspect as a 'mastermind'
When you have the RAID, or the GIGN at your ass, you are pretty over. 

What they are capable of : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q7a5D3sMJKM

all of the hostage save, no dead in the GIGN and all of the terrorist were dead
Honestly hope they get this cunt alive.
Here's a picture of one of the terrorists being dragged out with his pants down.

[Not kidding.](http://nos.nl/data/image/2015/11/18/233608/864x486.jpg)
Its not an attack. Its a police raid.
Translated from a live feed of [BFMTV](http://www.bfmtv.com/mediaplayer/live-video/)

**9:30AM** 

* My last update - you can follow updates on several other venues, though I recommend BFMTV if you speak french, or the Guardian if you're an English reader. 

* Summary: Police raid in northern Paris suburb of Saint Denis, starting at 4:30 AM (5 hours and counting). Prolonged exchanges of gunfire and explosions have been heard. 2 dead, including a female suicide bomber. 3 people have been arrested. 1 terrorist or more potentially still in standoff with police. Target is suspected to be Abdelhamid Abaooud, thought to be the mastermind of the 13/11 attacks.  Saint Denis is in lockdown. Action is ongoing, please stay indoors and away from windows if you live in the area near Place Jean Jaures, Rue de la Republique and the basilica in the heart of Saint Denis. 

* Historic, chaotic Saint Denis, north of beautiful Paris - stay safe. In the immortal words of [Josephine Baker](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gRfrUdsL4Pk), J'ai deux amours, mon pays et Paris - par elle toujours, mon couer est ravi. 


**~9:00AM**

* No new updates, the scene appears to have stabilized but the operation is still ongoing. One or two suspects still holed up in apartment in the heart of Saint Denis. 

* Target is reported to be Abdelamid Abaaoud. 

* 2 terrorists dead: 1 killed by police sniper, 1 female terrorist blew herself up. 

* Several police injured

* One passerby/civilian reportedly killed

* A terrifying snippet from BFMTV where I'm sourcing this info - a lady interviewed who lives next door to the apartment under attack. She was terrified at the sounds of bullets and explosions, and was home with her young son. She and son have since been evacuated. 


**~ 8:30AM**

* One or two suspects still entrenched. 

* The situation has lasted approximately 4 hours, the result of a police raid at a family's apartment in the heart of Saint Denis (close to the famous basilica). The target is reported to be the mastermind of the 13th of November attacks - Abdelhamid Abaaod, who was thought to have been in Syria. Over the last four hours, exchanges of gunfire and explosives between terrorists holed up in the apartment and RAID/paramilitary forces.  2 terrorists are reported dead, one killed by a police sniper, one female terrorist killed by exploding her suicide vest. 

* Schools and businesses in the area surrounding Place Jean Jaures, Rue de la Republique and the basilica are closed. Public transit into the area is shut down. A large police and military cordon surrounds the area of the operation. 

* **STAY INDOORS IF YOU ARE ANYWHERE NEAR THE AREA**

* 3 terrorists reported to be captured alive (this is good news for the investigation) 

* Reports that the operation is drawing to a close. 

**~ 8:00AM**

* 2 terrorists dead: one killed by a sniper, one female terrorist killed by exploding her suicide vest

* 1 terrorist remains entrenched in the apartment. Reports that this terrorist has been killed as well. 

* 3 police injured

* 1 passerby reported to be killed by crossfire

* All schools and colleges around Saint-Denis are closed. Businesses near the Place Jean Jaures are closed, employees are requested to stay home. Residents of the area must stay indoors and away from windows. 

* French police have confirmed that the situation is still ongoing and dangerous.

**~ 7:30AM**

* Apparent escalation of conflict - three transports of para-military/military forces have arrived at the scene

* Gunfire/explosion heard again 

* 6 explosions heard :( 

* Around 100 military personnel have arrived on 3 trucks to secure the perimiter of the operation. 7 explosions have been heard. Unconfirmed reports of suicide-bomb detonation. 

* Reports that one terrorist killed by sniper fire, another detonated explosives (presumedly to kill themselves)

* Police confirm that one terrorist is still entrenched in the apartment, the situation continues. 2 terrorists killed. ~~2 police killed~~ not sure about this, will confirm later. 1 passerby killed. 3 RAID officers injured. 

* The targetted terrorists included at least one female. 


**~ 7:05AM**

* Officials - 1 confirmed death, but BFMTV cannot confirm if the death is that of a police officer or the terrorist. 

* Live images of police officers demanding passers by to raise their hands and be searched. Pro Tip - PLEASE stay indoors and don't stroll around in the area. Everyone is a suspect at this point. 

* EDIT: A passerby has been ~~killed~~ shot, unsure if fatal, in the cross fire. Again, ***PLEASE STAY INDOORS*** if you live or work near the area, stay home. 

* The area in question is la [Place Jean Jaures, near the Cathedral](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Place+Jean+Jaur%C3%A8s,+93200+Saint-Denis,+France/@48.936495,2.3552113,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m2!3m1!1s0x47e66eb34c578479:0xd8e1f1b3945625c0). Literally the beating heart of Saint-Denis. 

 
**~ 6:45 AM Paris time**

* Witnesses report hearing gunfire and explosions starting approximately 4:30 AM local time and continuing intermittently since

* A police assault (RAID, France's SWAT equivalent) is confirmed to be underway in central Saint-Denis

* The target is reported to be Abdulhamid Abaaoud, the presumed brains behind the 13th of November attacks

* Several police officers are reported to be wounded

* Police on site state that suspects still remain entrenched inside an apartment

* Reports that 3 people have been arrested

* The situation is ongoing - so they are reiterating that everyone in the area should remain indoors and away from windows. 

* Schools are open except in the heart of Saint-Denis

* Messages from the Saint-Denis mayor's office: People who live in the area are advised to remain inside. Those who work in the neighborhood (this is the absolute heart of Saint-Denis) are advised to not go. Public transportation into the area is being halted. 


those kinds of situation can last some time. However without any hostages, time is playing against the terrorists.
RIP to the dog killed, its life was worth more than that of all of those fuckers puts together.
#####LIVE VIDEO

Russia Today:  
https://youtu.be/ZfIjVbvKsGA 



France24:   
https://youtu.be/p7t_GWXmgFk 

Sky News:  
https://youtu.be/y60wDzZt8yg 
Looks like it's the motherfucker who planned (or helped to plan) the Paris attacks. Apparently his parents are horrified at what he has done, his dad said "Why would he want to kill innocent Belgians? We owe this country everything!" I can't BEGIN to imagine what it would be like to find out the kid you worked so hard to raise ended up this way.

What they should REALLY do is make a BIG PUBLIC TRIAL showing all the embarrassing pictures of him as an idiot spoiled Belgian teenager, all the ridiculous stuff he believes, all the horrible things he has done, and then lock him up in a tiny cell with 0 chance of ever killing himself or getting parole.

These are people who REALLY believe not only in life after death (with memories intact, even though those are known to be stored in the brain), but that they can improve their position therein by doing horrible things and dying during them. Lock em up, expose their hypocrisy and lunacy, and DEPRIVE THEM MARTYRDOM.
[removed]
The guy periscoping this can speak like 20 languages. WTF?
I'm really impressed by the ability of police to track down and find the people responsible after something like this. Much like after the Boston Marathon bombing.
It is weird that they'd just sit there in the city that they attacked and wait for French authorities to find them. They had to know that they'd connect all the dots pretty quickly. What the hell?
Man French police really get shit done.
These people have no care for human life, are heavily armed and will die before being captured. These cops are the closest thing a human being will get to being a superhero.
BFM TV (french TV) just announced on air the target was allegedly Abaaoud, the planner behind the attacks who was thought to be in Syria.

Edit 12:40AM:  "SDAT" (Anti-Terrorism Sub-Directorate, elite counter-terrorist task-force) and all other elite french police forces are on the scene. BFM confirmed that target is Abaaoud, still TBC if he is there. 3 people barricaded in an apartment.
According to Le Monde:

After Fridays attack in Bataclan, a cellphone was found from a trash can. That phone contained a message from one of the attackers from Bataclan, saying "The hits have started". Using that phone and the information gathered from it, the police was able to track down contact. 
"UPDATE MULTIPLE ARRESTS MADE. BRI ARRIVED ONSITE TOO (Assault Team from the Bataclan On Friday)"

Twitter source:  https://twitter.com/th3j35t3r/with_replies

EDIT:  Conflicting report from source in Paris who was just on phone live with MSNBC, said 2-3 men still inside and have a current standoff with the police.  MSNBC live stream:  http://www.hulkusc.com/watch-msnbc-live-streaming/

EDIT:  Twitter source just updated and also confirms there are 2-3 people still alive and holed up inside at a standoff.

EDIT:  Paris woman on phone with MSNBC again just confirmed that 2 policemen have been injured.

EDIT:  Six explosions just went off live on air on CNN 1:29 AM ET
Live thread right here: https://www.reddit.com/live/vxrnaag5jhld
reports are saying one policeman has been killed

Edit: This came from a Brazilian news station. Not sure on the credibility. Currently they are saying the men have barricaded themselves in the house and one of the residents has been killed as well. Once again, not sure on the credibility. 

Edit: BFM TV (french TV) just announced on air the target was allegedly Abaaoud, the mastermind behind the attacks who was thought to be in Syria.
Two suspects dead according to phone source Laura Haim on MSNBC. 
"More suspects" still holed up inside alive.

Suspect inside is ABDELHAMID ABAAOUD - the mastermind of terror attacks:  http://imgur.com/IdxI5yL
He joined ISIS in 2013 - his father is ashamed of him.  He recruited his 13 year old brother into ISIS.

Twitter source also updated that two suspects dead inside:
https://twitter.com/th3j35t3r/with_replies

EDIT:  Sky News just said 5 suspects inside.  (Unsure if that includes the two deceased)


I'm near the assault, about 50m. We are hearing explosions and gun fights. Can't go outside and close to windows.
Kind of warplace there.
TIL: sending a few retarded cunts into a club to shoot around makes you a "mastermind"
"Police have confirmed that a seven-year-old belgian shepherd police dog called Diesel was killed in the raids in St-Denis this morning."

,(
This needs a live thread
If this is the 9th guy... too bad he gets to go out in a 'blaze of glory.'  Much rather he rots away in the bastille or something.
I was once smoking weed in Saint Denis during Ramadan on the pull out bed of a lover while her immaculate Algerian friend laid on the bed playing GTA (vice city?) and complaining how her New Zealander boyfriend wouldn't stop fingering her butthole in public. Of course I agreed it was inappropriate. I miss you girls. 
Please let this be a false alarm. 

Edit - it's not. This is awful. 
&gt;[**@Reuters: BREAKING: Islamic State claims responsibility for Paris attacks in official statement**](https://twitter.com/reuters/status/665481654148964352)
If they're saying this is an act of war this quickly then France are almost certainly about to invoke article 5. 
Just a reminder, i see a lot of people talking about Charlie Hebdo but remember about the train guys! That train where 2 americans arested a terrorist could have been even worse, he had a AK47 in a train in movement, i just want to point out that this is not the first major terrorist atack of 2015 in france, an it is not the second either.
This is big. You have the president of France calling out the Islamic State. How will the UN react? How will the French military react? Whatever it takes to put these bastards out of commission.
Looks like I'll be deploying somewhere soon. 
The first curfew in Paris last night since the Nazis invaded the city. Think about that...
So, before everyone gets too exited about a NATO intervention against ISIS on the ground. There is a reason we haven't done it already. 

The Syrian conflict is immensely complex, there are over a 1000 armed groups in Syria and Iraq. We can not stop ISIS without a solution for the entire Syria. Sure, we could capture some villages and cities in the shorter term, but the US tried for 14 years to eradicate the talibans and stil without success. Just superiour military might is not enough. As long as the conflict continues ISIS will have plenty of opportunities to recruit people, and a more direct western involvment might just lead to increased radicalization.

Military action might be needed, but a long term solution means rebuilding tarnished countries, finding fair compromises for all minorities in the middle east, and creating hope and opportunities by educating and creating jobs for the middle class.
So, does that mean that NATO member Turkey will stop supporting ISIS with money, arms, training, and medical care? Will France call out Qatar, Saudis, and Turkey for ISIS support? Would Qatar lose the world cup because of clandestine ISIS support? Would Saudi Arabia lose ability to finance mosques in the West? Would EU members fix their border policy? Would European countries continue to vote against Israel at the UN and for countries like Saudi Arabia to head human rights council? Will Western politicians be investigated for receiving Saudi money? Would doing so to allow Saudi-financed mosques to continue indoctrination into Wahhabism be considered treason? Would people who come back to EU after fighting for ISIS in Syria be arrested or deported? Would Muslim hate preachers and ISIS sympathizers lose their residency and benefits? What would actually change?

Yeah, I thought so.

Edit: Adding some interesting reading material/sources, corroborating the expressed world view.

[UK and SA in Secret Deal Over UNHRC place] (http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2015/sep/29/uk-and-saudi-arabia-in-secret-deal-over-human-rights-council-place)

[Qatar's Grand Mosque of Hate] (http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2015/02/19/qatar-s-a-us-ally-against-isis-so-why-s-it-cheerleading-the-bad-guys.html)

[UAE Told UK to Crack Down on Muslim Brotherhood](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/nov/06/uae-told-uk-crack-down-on-muslim-brotherhood-or-lose-arms-deals) The fact that UK needs to be told and "incentivised" by UAE secularists to crack down on Islamist ideology in Brtain is downright depressing.

[ISIS Jihadists Returning to Europe] (http://www.worldaffairsjournal.org/article/isis-jihadists-returning-europe)

[Major Terror Attacks Inevitable as ISIS Fighters Return] (http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/sep/25/major-terrorist-attack-inevitable-isis-eu)

[Who Runs Our Mosques?](http://new.spectator.co.uk/2014/06/who-runs-our-mosques/)

[Qatar Allows Money to Flow to ISIS, Other Terrorists] (http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2014/dec/10/qatar-allows-money-flow-isis-other-terrorists-repo/?page=all)

[Links Between Turkey and ISIS Now Undeniable] (http://www.businessinsider.com/links-between-turkey-and-isis-are-now-undeniable-2015-7)

[Qatar Bribery Allegations over 2022 World Cup] (http://time.com/2822288/qatar-world-cup-bribery/)

[France and Germany Intervened [on behalf of Qatar] over World Cup Votes] (http://www.theguardian.com/football/2015/jul/05/france-and-germany-intervened-over-world-cup-votes-says-sepp-blatter)

[Qatar Buys Fighter Jets from France] (http://www.nytimes.com/2015/05/01/world/europe/qatar-joins-list-of-countries-buying-fighter-jets-from-france.html?_r=0)

[Saudi Wahhabism is the Fountainhead of Islamic Terror] (http://www.huffingtonpost.com/dr-yousaf-butt-/saudi-wahhabism-islam-terrorism_b_6501916.html)



Most of those are from "leftist" Guardian. Reading what the "rightists" write will make you depressed.
I'm going to play a little Devils Advocate here.

When we "go to war" with IS.. how long are you all going to support it this time? I'm seeing a lot of anger and motivation to go to war in this thread with no plan, no real idea what the hell to do. Just send more allied lives to do... what exactly? 

Sure.. we (the US) may have fucked up with the whole "WMD" thing.. but Iraq was always second to Afghanistan, just as finding WMD's was second to eradicating AQ/Taliban. Just follow where SOF goes for the "real" fight. 

Support for fighting terrorism has been on a steep decline and it seems like everyone has cried out to bring our troops home and to get out of those other countries. And now everyones like lets go back because they fucked with us. Let me be clear: They never stopped fucking with us. Nor will they.

When it comes to a group like the IS you can't just take them for their word or any of that non-sense. Any 'smart' terrorist in the world is going to sit back and laugh and love the fact they you all point to an organization that in reality, doesn't really exist. Sure you can argue that they have some leadership and some form of chain of command, but they are terrorists. Terrorism can be anyone or anything. To group it all under one roof is a bad idea. You want to kill ISIS? Pssh.. some form will just pop up under another name with the same ideals or even different ideals, but they'll still be terrorists. Just like AQ/Taliban has diminished, they create a new group to gain more support and recruit more people. Same thing would happen.. well.. same thing will happen I should say.

I HOPE, oh do I hope, this gets a lot of people in this country (the US) to understand why it is we do what we do sometimes. A lot of the thing the military does, really, truly, should not be advertised and spoken of. Terrorists massacre 130 of our allies and we massacre 1000's of them and people cheer and love it because to us, our beliefs are the right ones. 

This is why we help train forces in counter insurgency and why we have different roles of Special Operations. Army SF/CIA/JSOC has been in the Middle East and Horn of Africa FOREVER, whether you know it or not. When we say "we're putting boots on the ground", if you really truly think that's the first time the American military is there.. boy you are so wrong it's crazy. It takes years to train many of these countries militaries and the tribal forces living there.

Someone in this thread got the answer right on the head, just like most things, education needs to be of the utmost importance here. Religion needs to be changed and education needs to be spread. It NEEDS to happen. Everybody wants peace and things like this to stop, but when you put labels on people and call it "religion" you are IMMEDIATELY separating people into different groups. Just like in our country (the USA), we want everyone to agree and to be Americans as a whole, yet when it comes time to vote, you declare yourself Blue or Red. Yet you FAIL to understand that doing this IMMEDIATELY separates the country into two groups. I guess maybe I'm the one that's not educated enough....

I find it rather funny (not the right word) nobody speaks of Oil when something like this happens.

Note: again, I'm playing devils advocate here. I want the people responsible for things like this to be shown the wrath of hell and be exterminated just like the rest of you. 
And still the same politicians lining up to tell us how horrible this all is, like we can't see it for ourselves, are the same people prostrating themselves for the extreme islam exporters of Saudi and Qatar. They are part of the problem not the solution.

Cut these muderers off at the source and start dealing with those that fund and encourage extremist views. We need alternatives to their oil anyway.

Yesterday, [Forces operating in Syria] liberated a good amount of territory from ISIS.

https://www.reddit.com/r/syriancivilwar/comments/3skkns/offensive_to_liberate_shingal_by_peshmerga_pkk/

Take their territory, isolate them, then end them.

&gt;Operation Free Sinjar (#FreeSinjar), supervised by President Masoud Barzani and supported by the International Coalition, concluded at approximately 1500hrs on 13 November 2015 as Peshmerga forces successfully reached Sinjar town.

&gt;Operation Free Sinjar achieved its primary objectives: to cordon off Sinjar town, disrupt Highway 47 from East and West Sinjar, and create a buffer zone.

&gt;In the course of the two-day operation, 28 villages were retaken from Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIL); more than 300 terrorists were killed by Peshmerga forces and Coalition warplanes, and over 200 square kilometres were cleared and returned to the Kurdistan Region.

&gt;Peshmerga forces have now established defensive positions in four major intersections connecting to Sinjar, including Ba'aj-Sinjar, Bulayj-Sinjar and Shababit. This will limit ISIL freedom of movement and to its ability to send reinforcements and supplies between Iraq and Syria.

&gt;Counter-IED teams will continue to clear the heavily-mined area while Peshmerga forces create defensive positions.

&gt;Over 40 local, regional and international media outlets in print, television and Internet were invited and embedded with Peshmerga units across the fronts in preparation for this operation.

&gt;Office of The Chancellor

&gt;Kurdistan Region Security Council
It actually is concerning considering how many times ISIS has made these kinds of threats in the past against many major cities in Europe and the US.  No doubt some of them are planning to perpetrate something else right now too.

But ISIS should be the ones worrying and this may be why their "caliph" hasn't gone out of his way to claim responsibility.  The Kurds in Iraq have launched an enormous operation to cut the lines between Mosul and the ISIS "capital" of Raqqa and the Syrian regime has had significant success in recent days against them too.  On their own, ISIS would probably be done for by summer of next year; they can only imagine how much sooner their demise is going to be after what has happened.
This is so fucked up. Somehow I can see this go very very wrong
Why are ISIS targeting France over lets say america or now Russia 
As a guy from Russia, it is so strange for me to see the amount of passion and empathy put for people of Paris, but most population of Earth not giving a fuck about airplane crush where 200+ people were killed (flight from Egypt to Moscow) caused by terrorist attack from IS . It feels kinda unfair to see all the support Paris gets from all over the world and my country getting none. Can somebody explain why is it like that? But all that i know for sure is that it sucks, that at least 7 terrorist attacks have happened to developed countries over the last three weeks, god bless all the souls that have suffered from it. 
Almost all of the suicide bombings and massacres are perpetrated by Sunni radical Islamist.
ISIS is a Sunni political entity seeking of absolute power using radical religious ideology as alibi for its heinous crimes against humanity. Its command structure are mostly Baathist (Saddam’s old party) and ethnic Turkmen. Turkmens, Turks (attacks in Turke target Kurds), other Sunni Arab population aren't targeted by ISIS.

As things stand, proxy interests aside, the only two sides actively fighting ISIS are Kurds and Syrian government. Kurdish motivation is not to end ISIS, but rather protect its people (Yazidis and Sunni Kurds) and its territories. Syrian government’s fight is aimed to reclaim all Syrian land. As a result, ISIS is free and unchallenged in much of its territory as Iraqi governments fight against ISIS lacks intent. This gives them freedom and time to operate comfortably; ISIS is not on the run.

The west and the world needs to declare war and sweep through the Sunni lands between Syria and Iraq, starting in Syria. Syrian territory needs to be re-claimed and secured by Syria’s ruling party. After Iraqi territory has been swept, Iraq should be split into three countries as Biden proposed; Kurds, Sunni Arabs &amp; Turkmen, Shiite Arabs. The Sunni Arab population is where ISIS draws its support from and needs to have self-determination through as an independent state to avoid sympathy towards extreme ideologies. 

For this, I feel the following steps are absolutely vital:

* Saudi Arabia needs to actively crack down on intolerant radical Islamic rhetoric in forms of Salafism &amp; Wahabism. Such establishments and their activities need to be banished.

* Kurds should be armed and supported internationally and militarily to establish their own state in Iraq and Syria. 

* US and the west needs to move past our differences and improve relationship and trust with Iran. We might not like the way they run their country, nevertheless it’s a stable country under rule. 

* US and the west need to stop investing in the fall of Assad. He is no Saddam and should be ruling Syria.

* Turkish government needs to be unequivocally reprimanded their amicable views and passiveness towards Sunni militancy and their counterproductive witch-hunt against the Kurds.  

The world is bleeding because of these a**holes' ambitions for power and their incapacity to build healthy productive lives and society on their lands.
The amount of possible outcomes from this announcement scares me the most out of this whole situation.  Let us all support each other in these coming days no matter where our fates will bring us.
We were told that terrorists will be mixed in with refugees but nobody listened, anyone who asked for heavy border control because they don't feel safe, were told to shut up and stop being racist.

I can't see this being the only attack in Europe, we need to act fast and have heavier restrictions when allowing refugees into the countries. 

If I'm French I want fundamentalist Islam banned first thing tomorrow. The new immigration test is to draw a picture and eat some bacon.

Please let this be it.

Let this be the moment a NATO member enacts Article 5 and wipes these assholes out.

All you apologist, do nothing, racism obsessed, let our people get slaughtered and politely go about your day redditors can cry a river. You fucking people care more about your internet porn privacy then you do the real threats in this world.
[removed]
Whew... **[We dodged a bullet there](http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-YDdCkW9AqmY/UT31FYeVCDI/AAAAAAAABdc/1239kdVouUc/s1600/pipeline+accidents+final+animation1-2.gif)** 

Gotta' keep that [Canadian Oil from coming into the U.S. via pipelines](http://www.sensysmag.com/spatialsustain/wp-content/uploads/2007/12/all_pipe.jpg). 
Obama also said that the Keystone pipeline would not create as many jobs in the long run. If the senate really is interested in creating jobs - they should start looking at a new bill that would lift infrastructure
Why does he do this yet approve Arctic Shell drilling and TPP? Such an up and down President. 
Please correct me if I am wrong, but is it not better for the environment to transport via pipelines?  I assume that a large pump supplying pipeline pressure probably does not get anywhere close to the air pollution and emissions caused by transporting the liquids via on highway trucks or large tanker ships.
So still by trucks and rail then...
Our oil trains roll over old bridges, over critical waterways, through heavily populated areas, using antiquated tanker designs.  Since the burden is increasingly being shifted to rail and existing infrastructure, let's please see a little more focus there. 
This is utter bullshit and is a political move, that's what this whole pipeline has been about - politics. The tar sands are dirty business, that is an undeniable fact. However, instead of building a pipeline that transports oil from a province that has a carbon offset tax of $15 per tonne (recently doubled to $30 per tonne)^1 , Washington has decided to deny the project approval. Even though the US imports tar sand derived oil from Venezuela^2 . A dictatorship that does not care about health, safety, the environment or public accountability. In lieu of importing energy from a democratically accountable first world nation with court enforceable environmental regulations and a carbon tax, the Administration has decided to continue importing Venezuelan oil. If the White House was legitimately concerned with GHGs they would have chosen the Canadian project. Keystone XL has always been just a game between Democrats and Republicans. Obama could've traded this in return for something else from Congress. 

1. http://calgaryherald.com/business/energy/oilsands-growth-predicted-despite-ndps-new-alberta-taxes-and-levies 
2. http://www.eia.gov/tools/faqs/faq.cfm?id=727&amp;t=6
This is such a disingenuous fight for the environmental lobby. Their are a lot of real issues that need to be dealt with in the oil and gas industry, but safe transportation of oil is not one of them. All this is doing is causing the oil that would go through pipelines to instead be transported via. train. It's just a symbol more than an actual concern. 


This is such an odd thing to dig your heels in over. Instead they really need to focus on the horrible unregulated fracking and the damage is causing. Or work to keep oil companies accountable for their spills and strengthen the EPA. Pipelines are not the problem.


Edit: FYI https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2015/02/20/its-a-lot-riskier-to-move-oil-by-train-instead-of-pipeline/
Lmao. The comments here are hilarious. No matter whether you were pro-Keystone, anti-Keystone, environmentalist or lobbyist, yall can all agree on one thing: Obama did **something** wrong. 
Christ, there are some dumb motherfuckers in these comments. Reddit is like a battle of who can have the most empty cynicism about fucking everything. 
Meanwhile, the equivalent of ten Keystones have already been built in the United States since 2010. So it's not really about the environment.

http://business.financialpost.com/news/energy/america-has-built-the-equivalent-of-10-keystone-pipelines-since-2010-and-no-one-said-anything

LOL, TransCanada just asked to delay the ruling on the Keystone XL and after 6 years of waffling Obama rejects the project 3 days later.  I mean I'm against the extraction and burning of tar sands as much as any one that drives a gas car, but the timing is too funny.   

I have the train tracks .5 miles from my house that will carry the oil from Montana, the Dakotas, and yes, Canada.  

I think rejecting a pipeline, although the right choice, does little to change the fossil fuel industry.  MuchAdoAboutNothing.

edit ; punctuation
This has nothing to do with climate. It's a political move to play up his base.

The oil will just be rerouted on leaky tankers to China's unregulated refineries, causing more risk and environmental impact.
I see a lot of comments arguing that the rejection is a poor decision. That the oil will be transported anyway, and that this is a "purely political decision", as if it's self-evident that the decision itself therefore has no value. But I posit that there's much more to this than a simple transferral of oil.

Climate change action is one of those difficult issues on which most reasonable people agree we should do something, it's just very hard to agree on exactly what. Environmentalists, for better or worse, chose Keystone XL as one of their stands. Why? It's high publicity, and an approval of the pipeline is an implicit approval of the Alberta tar sands extraction. But both for environmentalists and the administration that's not nearly the most important part of the pipeline. The core of the issue is this; the environmentalists took a stand, and now it's about the signalling effect of the response.

The signalling effect is vital to politics, and yet so many people seem to completely ignore it. To put it in youthful terms, think of it as buying an expansion pack to a game you like. You might not actually play the game that much more, but by buying the expansion you're signalling to yourself, and more importantly to everyone around you, that you view the game as a part of your upcoming life. When Obama rejected Keystone it's not just about whether the oil is transported by train or pipeline, it's also a signal to America and the world that his intention is a transition away from fossil fuels.

You may think of this as a simplistic analysis, but international politics work in a similar way. Climate change should have been acted on many years ago, but game theory implies that no country will do anything on their own. (The Rubio argument; "China isn't doing anything, so why should we?") When enough others start, though, eventually it's a lot easier for a country to persuade its inhabitants that they should join in. It's kind of like smoking in restaurants: it's entirely acceptable until a certain tipping point, after which social norms force you to move outside. Although international policy agreements are vastly more complicated, they follow a similar pattern, and it's much easier for the US to broker an agreement if they're out ahead, leading.

Keystone XL, whether you like it or not, has become a symbolic issue in the American fight against climate change. Accepting a pipeline now would send a massive signal to the American people and the world that we may talk the talk, but we sure as hell won't walk the walk. Obama rejecting it, on the other hand, shows leadership and puts us in a position to get a deal in the Paris climate negotiations in December. In other words, Obama wants the US to be the first person to walk outside to smoke.

To add to that, the refusal to develop the pipeline counts doubly because of the small dividends from cancelling the project; if we're willing to sacrifice economic value for symbolic gestures, imagine what we would sacrifice for real global action.

If you're serious about climate change action, early steps like these are absolutely vital.
This doesn't change anything. The oil will still get to where it needs to go, only now it will be via trains and cargo ships. He is not saving the environment people. This is a publicity stunt so he looks good at his environmental meeting that is coming up. 
&gt;On another occasion, a staff member drove a tractor into the office of a coworker "with the intent of damaging the office and injuring the staff member's supervisor." UN investigators chalked up the incident to "long-standing workplace-related issues."

Okay, all the other shit is pretty awful but this made me laugh
The title made it sound like, on a single flight, UN staff brought on 380 pounds of weed, watched and shared child porn, and tried to bring a chainsaw on board.
We'll start our own UN with weed and chainsaws!
Work in corporate security for a while and you will hear the most amazing stories.   Modern companies often have 50-100k employees or more.    With 100,000 samples of the human animal - you get some remarkable things happening.

OK, let's back off here.  Whoever hasn't tried to bring a chainsaw onto a plane, let him cast the first stone.
I'm sorry I didn't know I couldn't do that 
This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://news.vice.com/article/the-uns-weirdest-crimes-380-pounds-of-weed-child-porn-and-a-chainsaw-on-a-plane) reduced by 75%. (I'm a bot)
*****
&gt; Investigators said several UN staff members threatened colleagues with violence, including one who &amp;quot;Repeatedly threatened to kill or suggested that the staff member could arrange to kill the Head of Mission."

&gt; On another occasion, a staff member drove a tractor into the office of a coworker &amp;quot;With the intent of damaging the office and injuring the staff member&amp;#039;s supervisor.&amp;quot; UN investigators chalked up the incident to &amp;quot;Long-standing workplace-related issues."

&gt; Other entries in the report were more mundane: A staff member removed barbed wire from a UN premises without authorization, an employee took fuel belonging to the UN, a staff member stole a ream of paper, another misrepresented his educational record to superiors.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/3r34w7/report_un_staff_transported_380_pounds_of_weed/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ "Version 1.6, ~11304 tl;drs so far.") | [Theory](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept/) | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr "PMs and comment replies are read by the bot admin, constructive feedback is welcome.") | *Top* *five* *keywords*: **Staff**^#1 **member**^#2 **report**^#3 **Another**^#4 **employee**^#5
All right, this does sound like an Onion article title. Holy fucking shit.
Just shows how much people fuck up around the world and get away with it.
Most UN missions hire local people to fill in admin positions or low skill jobs. Bet you anything most of the cases minus the pornography one were done by local contractors/consultants, or local recruited staff, without any one of them having any diplomatic position whatsoever. The porn one? Everyone likes porn, youre bound to get people into CP, even in the UN.
2 of those sound fun 
Kinda certain I've been on 30 flights with chainsaws in the overhead compartments, and possibly 10 helicopters with them stuck behind the jump in the back seats. Looking out the window to watch baggage handlers move crap in the frozen north is a lesson in horror.
So, out of 41,000 people, ONLY 4 un staffers messed with CP on their work networks.  That's .0009%.  

With a sample size of 41,000 of virtually ANY randomly selected group you wanna concoct (priests, saints, whatever) you're going to find some seriously bad skeletons in the closet.  It's unavoidable.

This headline is outraging people who ought to be embarrassed to be outraged at it.  The kind of people who'd flip a coin a hundred times and get confused that they got 7 heads in a row once.  Find me any 41,000 people and I'll find you just as bad or worse.
I'm reminded of the *The Culture* books by Iain M. Banks, which are set in a best-case-scenario-automation-endgame utopia.  The machines do virtually all of the work, and humans are freed up to live lives of leisure.  Money isn't a thing anymore because everyone can be provided with a high material standard of living with minimal effort.

How we get there from here is, of course, the tricky part.
From Stephen Hawkings AMA 


&gt; If machines produce everything we need, the outcome will depend on how things are distributed. Everyone can enjoy a life of luxurious leisure if the machine-produced wealth is shared, or most people can end up miserably poor if the machine-owners successfully lobby against wealth redistribution. So far, the trend seems to be toward the second option, with technology driving ever-increasing inequality.

This actually does frighten me. If we could learn to share the wealth created by such advanced robotics, we'd be fine. But if history is any indication, advanced robotics will just widen the gap between the rich and the poor.
To be followed by the era of mass depopulation.
And the choice is whether everyone gets a slice of the pie or we get Elysium.


Protect the sanctity of marriage and our jobs! No AI and robotic marriages! 
This always misses the logical progression so I'll try to add it. 

1- companies slowly replace humans with robots... Make more money. 

2- unemployment rises... People make less money. 

3- people spend less money (don't have any) so companies start making less money

4- robots stop getting purchased as companies go out of business. 

5- cheap second hand robots for sale from bankrupt companies

7- people get cheap robots and have sex with them. 

8- money irrelevant now that robot sex is plentiful. 

9- golden age ensues. 
Perhaps in the future, humans wouldn't have to "work" for a living. Robots could work all day while we explore the universe / play. 
I wrote a college paper back in 2006 that suggested the greatest threat to capitalism was automation... because eventually it would remove so many workers that the only people left to buy shit would be the super rich who eliminated the human workforce.

My professor called it wildly unrealistic.
I'm fine with AI's taking my jobs so long as I can have my own HK-47.
Great video on this from CGPGrey "Humans Need Not Apply":

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Pq-S557XQU

I don't get why people are still clinging to the idea of us needing to work so much. We could have been down to 2 hour workdays by now, but instead we just keep creating busywork for everybody because we can't accept the notion that the work is all pretty much finished now. This species can rest on its laurels. We won the game of survival. Why not enjoy it?


But articles like this still frame the issue in the context of, "Oh no, what will we do when the robots take our jobs?!" WHATEVER WE FUCKING WANT! THAT'S THE WHOLE POINT!


Why do we insist that we need to carry on employing everybody for 40 hours a week? As far as I can tell, this is simply an arbitrary idea we arrived at sometime late in the industrial revolution, as we tried to seek a balance between servitude to factory life and unionization. And it was probably quite reasonable at the time. But now it's an outdated model, and we keep living by it only out of habit.


Sorry for the rant, this is just my pet issue lately. I sincerely believe we need to be working to automate more of our lives and start designing systems of government/economy that take into account the fact that robots do all the work for us now.


And we'll either transition out of capitalism or into barbarism.
There are 2 paths ahead of us, both rooted in a post-scarcity environment. Option A.) sees people free to explore their potential in ways not handcuffed to the struggle to survive and secure their basic existence. Option B.) doesn't want to see people explore their potential and thus implements the most optimized scarcity based system, one where the provider of goods has near zero overhead and can realize close to 100% pure profit!

It is fantastic to see this in /r/worldnews because it's been at the forefront of discussion amongst those that follow AI and the progression of robotics, and that pool is too small. 

"Working for a living" is going the way of the dinosaur, and it's fantastic but things have to change. It's really important to make sure people are aware of it because we absolutely do not want to stop this movement, we need to embrace it. The only way to really embrace this change is to fully understand the implications.

First to go are transport and manufacturing jobs, which make up around [16 million jobs](http://www.bls.gov/emp/ep_table_201.htm). Construction (at &gt; 5M jobs) will be soon to follow. Many, many more processes will be automated or ran by software instead of people. Sure, a few new jobs will pop up but not at a rate that can sustain the ones being replaced. 

We have **no choice** but to put capitalism behind us. It served us very well and has allowed us to get to where we are but it's time to begin transitioning away from it. Personally, I'd like to see a transition to sustainable living. As in you get x lbs of wood "credit" per month...after so many months you can say "I want a [new table](http://woodlandcreekfurniture.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/Timber-Frame-Barn-Wood-Beam-Dining-Table.jpg)" and then you put in the order if you have enough wood credit. Something to that effect. 

This is going to be reality in our lifetimes (massive loss of jobs). It's not like past claims...there are autonomous jobs popping up all over. Capitalism, by default, drives the elimination of jobs because eliminating jobs puts more money in the coffers of the elite few leading the company. I'm a young guy but I'm 100% certain my children or grandchildren will be in the middle of the inevitable storm.
we are already seeing it in supermarkets. most of them around where i live have those self-checkout things, with only one worker on a checkout
I watched a talk by this AI guy at google recently and he said this exact thing. He also said that his group would be capable of making a kill-bot within a year if they wanted to so that anybody could just buy a robot and tell it to kill whomever he or she wants to kill.
I hope I am dead before any of this happens or at least retired with a good chunk of change in the bank.
Basic Income, because I know someone will mention it.   I wanna know if almost 50% of the population is not working, where exactly is the tax revenue going to come from for the government to be able to give everyone a basic income?  Thin air?  
This is why basic income and/or socialism is inevitable unless you want some sort of apocalypse outside of the walled gardens of the rich.
&gt;crocodiles cannot be bribed unlike human guards

Except with meat
&gt; It’s not a human rights violation when a crocodile does the killing.

This is hilarious!
Isn't this pretty much how Australia started?
crocodiles who aren't hungry won't kill. Throw 5 prisoners in the water until the crocs are done eating and simply swim out of jail.
Do we have a volcano, or at least a pit of lava in the center of the prison?
Never been a fan of security systems that can be disarmed with snack food.
They cannot be bribed *like* guards, but they can be bribed *with* guards.
ironic since crocodiles often symbolize corrupt and greedy officials... 
Maybe we should elect crocodiles to Congress.
Amazing. The rapist, murderers, pedophiles, and corrupt politicians can stay on land...but the heroin addict who needs serious help...to the island with you.
"*...crocodiles cannot be bribed unlike human guards.*"

FALSE

You can always bribe a croc by offering a fatter convict.
For those not already familiar with Indonesia, its a shitshow of a country.  Every year plantation owners set fires to clear land which is highly illegal and causes [really hazardous smog](http://www.abc.net.au/7.30/content/2015/s4344018.htm) throughout the region.  In spite of it being illegal, and regardless of condemnation from the President and Vice President of Indonesia, the fires have continued because of [widespread corruption](http://theconversation.com/why-indonesia-cant-stamp-out-fires-that-have-cast-a-haze-over-south-east-asia-50029).  

I wish this were the only example of corruption in Indonesia, but [unfortunately](http://www.asianews.it/news-en/Archdiocese-of-Jakarta-organises-seminar-to-tackle-corruption-35646.html)  the [corruption](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/11/09/indonesia-pertamina-probe-idUSL3N13435T20151109) in Indonesia is a [thing](http://www.themalaysianinsider.com/sideviews/article/on-fighting-corruption-kanti-pertiwi).  

Full disclosure: I live in Singapore currently and have been choking on Indonesian haze for 3 months now and I'm a little sick of their shit.  
Jeez. This is like the Mumbai attacks all over again. Same model, similar death toll.

Absolutely tragic.
Can't believe they just massacred *100* people in the concert hall. That's unfathomable.
**NSFL**[Dramatic Escape footage](http://www.lemonde.fr/attaques-a-paris/article/2015/11/14/daniel-psenny-journaliste-au-monde-j-ai-senti-comme-un-petard-qui-explosait-dans-mon-bras_4809665_4809495.html)

edit: added tag
Some news from Germany:

A week ago a 51yo man from Montenegro was arrested near Rosenheim, Germany. He was transporting several pistols, revolvers, MPs, ammunition and TNT.  

According to reports there are indications that he was heading to Paris. 

The press is speculating that he might have been an additional terrorist.  Though the police say he might have been "just" an arms dealer.  

Source (German): http://www.br.de/nachrichten/schleierfahnder-attentat-paris-100.html
Jesus. I was surprised when I saw 15 a few hours ago.
What is the point of all of this? 

Why?
One of the problems with this kind of terrorism is our inability as a society to have a rational discussion about the costs and methods of addressing it. The sort of trauma that this induces seems to lead to little more than calls for more bombing and or increased on the ground troops to fight rebel groups in the middle east. There is little discussion of cost or any kind of metrics to determine the actual effectiveness of these courses of action. Then there is the inevitable clamp down of civil liberties and no discussion of the fact that your odds of getting killed by a terrorist are minuscule in spite of incidents like this. What moments like this call for is some wider context and outside the box thinking, but it seems like everyone is just going to hunker down into their political boxes and stick to the script. Oh well.
These radicals literally behave like a macro cancer.

Difficult to quickly detect, distinguish, and isolate.

Their functions are to replicate themselves uncontrollably and destroy the healthy.

If allowed to continue, they would completely destroy the very things that allow them to exist.
The bombs that blew up outside the stadium might have been intended to get inside. If they had somehow gotten in, things would have been much much worse.
Radical Islam needs to die. 
I see things like this happen and just feel numb. I'm sitting on my couch on the verge of going on a nice vacation and realize how lucky I am. Humanity is a hell of a thing. I got lucky.
Terror is a disease. It eats away at a person, or a group, or a whole country like a cancer. It cripples tourism and economy, it stifles growth, individually and on a national level, it holds us back as individuals and as a whole. Regardless, of the race, religion or creed of the attackers, they are terrorists. If a white man walks into a movie theater with an assault rifle and starts firing into the crowd because he wants someone to remember his name, he is a terrorist. If a brown guy walks into a concert and opens fire because his religion tells him to, he is a terrorist. Terror, like cancer, inhibits healing. It destroys from the inside out and it never quite lets the wound heal, it just eats away at the corners, getting a little bigger each time it strikes. 

Tonight, many many people had their lives cut short, and a nation suffered a blow that was meant to terrorize and cripple them. And while that blow was devastating, it was far from crippling. Instead of being terrified, the people of France stood their ground, mobilized their forces, rallied the world, and opened their doors to provide shelter to those who needed it. The hospitals and first responders were caught unaware, and still rallied with incredible speed and numbers. Those who were able to throw open their doors and welcome scared, sometimes injured people into their homes, did so, and I've no doubt lives were saved because of it. Those who could do nothing but hold a camera, held a camera. Doctors were not too terrorized to report to the hospitals, police and military were not too terrorized to step in and minimize the threat, and citizens were not too terrorized to open their homes and provide safe passage. 

In their immediate goal, which was to hurt and kill and make a statement, they succeeded, but in their overall goal of causing terror and dealing a lasting blow, they failed. That, in my opinion, was the single most important thing to show them, that they failed. More so than all the outrage that is flowing off the internet tonight, the silent refusal to be bullied was the perfect response. 

Paris, we weep with you, we mourn with you, we stand with you. 
Fuck man. This is bullshit.
Holy fucking...shit. My mouth just dropped to the floor when I read this. 100 + 58 people dead. How could this happen? This is unfathomable savagery. No, this is what we humans call evil.
I just wish the media outlets would clarify that EoDM don't actually play death metal, and even if they did, that it would in no way mean that their fans love death. I get the feeling many people are gonna think badly about the band and their fans.
Very sad, more hate and mistrust in the world.

Condolences to Paris from Pakistan.
Possibly dumb question, but I'm drunk, emotional, and trying to wrap my head around this shit.

TL;DR: How does ISIS think it's a good idea to give the West and Russia a common enemy?

What is ISIS's larger strategy here? Beyond the barbarism and everything else, this just doesn't seem like good war strategy by ISIS. What I mean is, if ISIS wants war and bloodshed against the West and Russia, isn't the superior strategy to engage in a way that causes the West and Russia to continue to be at odds with each other? Divide and conquer and all that. Attacking a Russian plane and then Paris basically back-to-back can only serve to unite the West and Russia against a common threat. Basically, instead of that, wouldn't ISIS want to antagonize Russia, and let Russia be isolated on the world stage in any military actions, and only attack the West whenever Russia starts to tire of military force, this way Russia is engaged in war when the West wants peace and the West starts beating the war drums when Russia is seeking peace. Instead, ISIS has presented itself as a common enemy of Russia and the West. What the hell is their strategy?
This shit tears me up. I'm literally torn between immense sadness and rage and it's a very uncomfortable feeling. I honestly can't even fathom how anyone could do this to other human beings. It's disgusting.

 I'm an atheist and I couldn't give a flying fuck less what god or gods you believe in or how/where/when you want to worship said god(s). But why, why do these people care so much about their religion vs "infidels" that they go to these lengths? These people are making all Muslims look bad. 

 I honestly have a hard time believing it's even about religion anymore for them, it's about power. But then how do you explain the people suicide bombing? They must sincerely believe in some afterlife and that they're doing the right thing... 

I don't know it hurts my brain to think about it.
I hope this will bring critical thinking to the table, and not just some empty sorry speech about this tragedy.

Without countermeasures this is bound to happen again.
ISIS and all these Islamic radicals are so fucking chicken shit. They talk a big game when they're attacking defenseless civilians but they get stomped into the fucking ground when they go up against soldiers ready to fight. 

The fact that they yelled "this is for Syria" makes my blood boil. Yeah because some random guy in Paris is responsible for any of that right? Why not take the fight to Assad instead? Because he'll fight back?

Chicken shit, all of them. 
You could wipe ISIS off the map and this isuse would still present itself. Extremism is now a concept rather than a group and I don't see it going away.
Damn it. Sometimes I wish I was Goku. 
To any french people reading this, I am sorry that this has happened.  I'm an American and remember how supportive the french were on 9/11/2001.  Nothing I can say can make it better.  I just want to express my sympathies.  
Man... Fuck radical Muslims.
People need to get a little bit of perspective.  
  
This thread is filled with people saying "I can't believe this happened". Well, believe it, because it's reality. This sort of suffering is not even that uncommon. 160 deaths is a pretty mild day in Syria. It's just not that common in the West. 
  
The fact of the matter is we're fighting a proxy war. We backed some rebels in hopes that they'd help install a more favorable government, and it backfired because the instability gave rise to ISIS. Now, Russia is backing the original Syrian government to fight ISIS, and this whole debocle has destroyed millions of lives. That's the facts.  
  
For those who are curious [this video](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=3iqnMcQDRnw) illustrates the point pretty well. Us westerners created ISIS. We didn't actually found them, but we created the conditions that have led to their rise. If you watch the videos, you see they quickly claim almost all of the territory that had been taken by the rebels we sponsored.   
  
An amount of western collateral damage should be expected. I'm not saying it's right, I'm not saying it's not horrible, but it's not something more disasterous than the rest of the horrors of this conflict. A life is a life, be it a Syrian, Iraqi, American, or French. If you're truly shocked by this, it implies that you're not paying too much attention to all of the usual horrors and atrocities that happen on a daily basis.  
  
It reminds me of that joker meme: a few thousand Syrians are killed in a failed U.S. coup, and no one bat's an eye, but a couple hundred white people get shot, and the whole world loses their minds.  
  
This is real life, and this is why it's dangerous to fight proxy wars. If you can't handle this, you need to toughen up, because things don't look likley to improve any time soon. We've gotten ourselves into a real pile of shit now. There's a very serious chance that ISIS could win in Syria/Iraq, and this is going to be *bad*.  
  
Anyone who supported the original Iraq war should feel like a complete idiot at this point, because being greeted as liberators is not actually what happens. People would rather be ruled by local dictators than foreign Democracies, and we're going to have to either rain fire on these people, to just pulverize them into submission like the Mongol's or the Romans or anyone else who's successfully conquered the region, or we just need to stop fucking around over there completely. These half-measures are creating a very dangerous situation. 
  
Anyway, if you can't believe that a decade of western military action could cause a little bit of blowback, you should reassess you familiarity with the current geopolitical ecosystem. This is horrible, but horrible is all the time.
I think in terms of human history, radical islamic terrorism may be one of the most insidious ideologies we've ever come across. It's absolutely infuriating what monsters these people are, completely deranged animals with warped minds. So sick and tired of it. 
[removed]
Why is the religion of peace so violent?
"We may remove bigoted or hateful comments, including those directed towards any race, religion, ethnic group, nationality, gender, or sexual orientation"   Fair enough, but one of those is a choice.  Religion is an idea, and ideas are fair to be ridiculed.  You can delete comments that ridicule religion...but you shouldn't.
I use to feel safe in Canada,  I'm not so sure anymore...  France has been through so much this year, stay strong.
The second half of Episode 13 season 3 of HBOs VICE is about religious tensions in France rising to a boiling point. I really recommend watching it especially now. They called it.
nan
&lt;div class="md"&gt;&lt;p&gt;The second half of Episode 13 season 3 of HBOs VICE is about religious tensions in France rising to a boiling point. I really recommend watching it especially now. They called it.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;a href="http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=fdEgCbUalPA"&gt;http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=fdEgCbUalPA&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
Since I read a lot of comments saying that France has to kick out all Muslims, that there generally never will be peace between the western world and Muslims etc. I want to say this:

I have lived and worked in the Middle East, mostly Qatar but also Saudi and Dubai and currently in Oman, for a couple of years and am sitting right now in a cafe in Muscat having breakfast: multiple Omanis have come up to my table and offered their sympathy and condolences, saying they'd pray for the victims and makeing it very clear how shocked, angry and just pissed of they are, that asshats like those in Paris give a bad name for the hundreds of millions of peaceful Muslims who just want to live their lives as everybody else.

I am very aware of the many problems in the Middle East but there is a lot of change going on and on the other hand there is no nation or religion that does not have shortcomings and instead of pointing fingers and blaming those who are as appalled and shocked as we are, we should stand united against those who are trying to ruin it for everybody!

Let us be shocked, let us be sad, let us mourn but don't let them change us. Don't let fear get the better of us and our values, don't give in to hate, that is the only we can lose.

I'm German and I couldn't be prouder that Germany is taking in millions of refugees right know and I only hope that, besides those few clowns who think that helping others in need is dangerous for us (fucking nazis, so embarassing), we continue to help those who need it most, be it in Germany or abroad.

Look sorry for being offensive or whatever but honestly fuck Islam. Fuck all religions. People are killing other people over fairy tale bullshit because they're idiots. None of its real. Why should I have to tolerate and act like its normal for people to believe such insane shit. All it does is turn people against each other. Religion is fucking poison and it has no place in this world 
What happened is abhorrent. But remember that they WANT us to hate them, they WANT us to discriminate all Muslims. Instead let's help eachother. 
Obama needs to get over his gripe with Assad. He's an asshole, but he isn't killing us. ISIS is. 
The bodies aren't even cold and there are already people proclaiming the innocence of Islam, and some even saying the west is at fault. Holy fuck some people will go to any lengths to stop their worldview being shattered.
[deleted]
The Islam apologism is already flowing freely.

I look forward to all the excuses, pleas to emotion, and crybullying there will be all over reddit to try and get people to turn their head and pretend Islam isn't a problem.

Why, we've already got people in here comparing it to Christianity. Nevermind that the events they compare happened centuries ago, that's nbd, still totally relatable!
[removed]
Stop importing refugees that support this. That would help.
Isn't this the drug that Saudi Prince was caught trying to sneak 100's of pounds of into the country on his private jet?
*edit SPELLING
since when are amphetamines halal?
 "have speculated that the drug (Captagon) is being used by Islamic State fighters, the biggest consumer has for years been Saudi Arabia. In 2010, a third of the world's supply — about seven tons — ended up in Saudi Arabia, according to Reuters."

When you measure your amphetamine habit by the metric ton, you might have a problem.
&gt;The tiny pill fueling Syria’s war and turning fighters into superhuman soldiers

Overstatement of the fucking year...
Sounds like the usage of speed by the Nazis during Blitzkrieg. 

http://www.spiegel.de/international/the-nazi-death-machine-hitler-s-drugged-soldiers-a-354606.html

Not the only similarity.
If the public knew how many uppers were on a US aircraft carrier they would lose their shit.
&gt;Side effects include "psychosis and brain damage"

At least they have nothing to worry about.
You know it's good writing when the takeaway from the article is " sounds great, I should get me a couple of them pills". 
It must be finals week in Syria.
#1. Purchase hundreds of pounds of this shit.
#2. Fill it with radioactive tracer with long half-life, like tritium.
#3. Allow tainted drug to "slip" into Syria, and fall into the hands of rebels
#4. Secretly equip border patrol agents, TSA, and other organizations with devices to quickly test for the tracer.
So, jet?
This is nothing new in the military.  US pilots were given amphetamines so they could fly long missions without fatigue.  Soldiers have been known to use methamphetamine too to get through days long firefights.  This drug isn't why ISIS is crazy.  They are just using a stimulant like many armies have used before.  Making them out as drug-crazed psychopaths is disingenuous and is basically just propaganda.  They are psychopaths without the drugs.        
You smoke a lot of ciggys when you speed like that. no sleeping and chain smoking. your chest hurts after a day or 2..... 
It also turns their eyes blue.
The drug is "fenethylline" and sounds like someone with a lisp trying to say *penicillin*
Not much different than the amphetamines students use to study. 
This just in:  Soldiers in war use drugs to make them less aware of the fact that they are in a war.  More at 11.

EDIT:  I mean less aware of their feelings, not the environment.  If your high you don't care so much about the fact that you are constantly about to die.
They are chanting "Pakistan, number one!" and "Pakistan, zindabad!" which is an Urdu expression of national pride and victory. This was six years ago and has absolutely nothing to do with Islam or the Paris attacks. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8AActlAp7Ow
Shit like this only happens because people are too fucking dumb to check the validity of something before sharing it
these things are just idiot traps - if you know somebody that posted you have just found your local idiot.
We're all right back in post-9/11 world, having learned nothing. Feels so much like October 2001 right now...
People using this tragedy to push their own mis-guided political agenda is disgusting. 
This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/paris-attacks-video-showing-london-muslims-celebrating-terror-attacks-is-fake-a6737296.html) reduced by 73%. (I'm a bot)
*****
&gt; A Facebook video that is being widely shared supposedly showing Muslims in London celebrating in the aftermath of the Paris terror attacks is fake.

&gt; The video, entitled &amp;quot;Muslims Around The World Celebrate The Islamic Victory In Paris France&amp;quot;, claims to show a large group of Muslim men cheering and waving Pakistani flags outside Tooting Broadway station in south London, following Isis&amp;#039; statement claiming responsibility for the attacks.

&gt; &amp;quot;Iran&amp;#039;s president Hassan Rouhani called the attacks a&amp;quot;crime against humanity&amp;quot; and Joko Widodo, the leader of Indonesia, the world&amp;#039;s most populous Muslim country, said his nation &amp;quot;condemns the violence that took place in Paris.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/3t5qgl/paris_attacks_video_showing_london_muslims/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ "Version 1.6, ~15073 tl;drs so far.") | [Theory](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept/) | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr "PMs and comment replies are read by the bot admin, constructive feedback is welcome.") | *Top* *five* *keywords*: **attack**^#1 **Muslim**^#2 **Paris**^#3 **show**^#4 **Islamic**^#5

Post found in [/r/unitedkingdom](http://np.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/3t54uj/paris_attacks_video_showing_london_muslims/), [/r/worldnews](http://np.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3t5p2b/video_showing_london_muslims_celebrating_terror/) and [/r/besteurope](http://np.reddit.com/r/besteurope/comments/3t5pfz/video_showing_london_muslims_celebrating_terror/).
[deleted]
It is so frustrating to me how easily the general public can stop using common sense and stop questioning sources as soon as bad things happen.

This is the time to slow down. QUESTION SHIT! Wade through the garbage to find truth. Maintain your beliefs instead of slipping into the shitshow that humanity tends to be in moments when maintaining beliefs is most important.

There's going to be enough backlash against refugees and Muslims - no need to invent crap to create more.
Same thing here happened in France. People were sharing a picture of immigrants at Calais around (what they called) a "celebratory bonfire" on Saturday.

Turns out it was just a fire that someone (probably in retaliation to the attacks) had started in their camp.

So many people think it's try.
Bigots changing the narrative on a video to fit their own agenda?

I am Jack's complete lack of surprise.
Superpatriot-Facebook-uncle will be crushed. Can someone help me break the news to him?
I've now seen several instances of images/stories deliberately and falsely portraying Muslims "celebrating" these attacks. 

I'll be honest, I had thought most of the recent cries that Islam is being falsely portrayed, stereotyped, and targets of bigotry were not true and they were overstated.

Now, I do see that there are serious problems with how Islam is portrayed, and I think it's getting to the point of bigotry, racism, and religious intolerance of Islam.

I say that as an atheist who believes Islam is probably the biggest source of religiously motivated violence and bigotry itself, via its extremist elements, not the majority. That doesn't justify deliberately falsely portraying Muslims to further some bullshit storyline.

Edit: ok I get it, should've have said "racism". Pretty sure you're all picking up on the core point of my ideas here though.
One IMPORTANT thing about terrorism from ISIS/DAESH.
They don't attack us because they don't like our way of living, our freedom, or whatever. 

They want to divide us, that the people hate muslims because of their religion so that they can have more people within our countries to fight. 

Everytime some dumb racist guy post such kind of videos, it's a victory for the terrorist because it's all what they want. CIVIL WAR or at least high tensions to fuel and export their fight everywhere and thus gain power everywhere.
So Syria is like a second Vietnam, second Korea. Proxy wars for everyone!
The ground forces are there primarily to guard the Russian airforce and bases, not to act as assault troops.


"Russia deployed more than 50 combat aircraft in Syria, along with some 4,000 troops. About half of them were already there as advisers and technicians, while most of the rest are ground forces needed to protect the pilots and various bases."
— Source http://www.nytimes.com/2015/11/09/world/europe/confirmation-of-attack-on-russian-jet-may-strengthen-putins-resolve-in-syria.html?ref=world
For the uninitiated, the Express is not too different from the National Enquirer in the US. The publication is complete trash, and they could very well have pulled that 4,000 figure out of their asses. I've got my salt shaker out for now...
*"THE number of Russian military forces in Syria has reportedly swelled to 4,000 as Vladimir Putin continues his bid to destroy the Islamic State."*

According

to

*WHOmmmmmmmmm*

edit: the World Health Organization jokes are bad and you should feel bad.
RUSH SYRIA BLYAT DONT STOP.
Anyone else thinking, "That's fine, let him have it?"

I don't like Putin or Assad... but I decided a while ago that I preferred them to ISIS.
To wipe out the Islamic State AND any Syrian citizen that wants to remove Assad.
ISIS leadership be like: In retrospect, shouldn't have blown up that jetliner. Shouldn't have done that.
Good.  Let the Russians fight ISIS.  
Good. Let Russia get bogged down in an endless quagmire instead of us for a change. We can pay for universal health care with the savings. Besides, Russia is probably willing to get as dirty as it takes to beat ISIS. Americans don't have the stomach for what it will take to destroy ISIS.
I thought he banned Russians from vacationing in those areas?
people in this thread discuss the likely announcement https://np.reddit.com/r/space/comments/3rctlp/nasa_to_unveil_new_findings_about_mars_atmosphere/
The water they found on Mars is more watery than expected.
Headline: Mars atmosphere similar to Himalayas. Sending Sherpanauts
Probably just a bunch of ping pong balls, logs, and dye.
Announcing the announcement. Why can't they fast track their announcements? Is it because they need to build hype for media exposure?
A relay of some sort perhaps?
5 bucks on dead aliens. 
I have a friend that works at NASA. This will be about Mars' atmosphere.
Somebody found my keys!
Mark Watney.
"Well, we spotted tracks &amp; trails but it turned out to be from that fucking rover thingy."
its space weed
Matt Damon is actually not dead after all.   
Serious question: How are these things confirmed? I always wondered how our intelligence agencies are able to confirm when we kill high operative targets.
I made a few replies to this nature, but I'll make a top-level one too since so many people seem to be confused.

They killed the leader of ISIS's Libyan operations, not the leader of all of ISIS who happened to be in Libya. 

It's a victory, but not a huge one, since the Libya ISIS are pretty much just guys who were already in Libya that were like "hey can we join y'all?". Still, fuck this guy, glad he's dead.
I've played enough shadow of mordor to know this doesn't really solve the problem. 
maybe 100 years from now we will kill an isis leader and the 2nd in command will go nah no thanks im good and we can all go home
I like to believe that when the pilots got home they ate french fries. 
Someone made a phone call after the Paris attack and said, "Hey, are we tracking any high-value ISIS targets? If so, feel free to go ahead and take em out now."
gone is old leader say hi to new leader
Good, fuck him.
Thanks.

Sincerely, someone living in Paris.
Kk I'm not parked far text when u leave counter and get you in same spot

Edit: she made it to the car. Hahaha. I have no idea how this happened by I'm dying of laughter right now

Edit 2: no acid but herb yes. 
Again?

Seems like we're shooting him every other week.
Good job U.S.
Get absolutely fucked
This won't embarrass ministers at all. They don't care in the slightest as long as the party donations and other bungs from fossil fuel interests keep rolling in.
I feel this actually has more to do with pre-empting [this](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/newsbysector/utilities/11589712/New-government-faces-potential-energy-crisis-warns-expert.html) perceived energy crisis and preventing blackouts in the winter than anything else (I don't vote Tory, I'm a disgruntled Labour voter).

Natural energy simply isn't covering the immediate need as we didn't get enough wind recently apparently, not to mention energy drawn from wind would cost more than fossil fuels. That's not good for people already struggling with money over winter that don't want to see their power bill increase a great deal (prices will rise undoubtedly).

So I do believe this is a genuine attempt to safeguard our energy situation by our government, at least for the immediate future.... it's just that lowering taxes is the Tory way of doing that :/ Unfortunately though this is just a short-sighted attempt to fix an immediate problem that wouldn't exist if we had shown some foresight in the first place, but alas this is the predicament we are in. 
For those not familiar with Guardian speak: "handout" and "subsidy" mean "tax cut"

The taxes on North Sea oil production are huge and they were recently reduced. This will not increase fossil fuel use as the North Sea Oil production is already well past it's peak and on the decline.
Fuck Cameron and the Conservatives, why would anyone ever vote for them?
*"Thus, from the war of nature, from famine and death, the most exalted object which we are capable of conceiving, namely, the production of the higher animals, directly follows. There is grandeur in this view of life, with its several powers, having been originally breathed by the Creator into a few forms or into one; and that, whilst this planet has gone circling on according to the fixed law of gravity, from so simple a beginning endless forms most beautiful and most wonderful have been, and are being evolved."*


The hairs stood up on the back of my neck the first time I read the end of the book. Still do actually. Although I'd have to argue Principia Mathematica is a pretty important book as well.
Not to downplay the importance of Darwin's observations, but... I mean... 

My vote goes for Sir Isaac Newton's [Philosophiæ Naturalis Principia Mathematica](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philosophi%C3%A6_Naturalis_Principia_Mathematica). 

&gt; The Principia states Newton's laws of motion, forming the foundation of classical mechanics, also Newton's law of universal gravitation, and a derivation of Kepler's laws of planetary motion (which Kepler first obtained empirically).

In these books, Newton also invented Calculus. 

Edit: To make /u/NorthernIron and the ghost of Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz happy, I should point out that Newton and Leibniz are [both credited](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_calculus#Legacy) for independently inventing the basis of Calculus in the 17th century, and it's Leibniz's notation that is primarily used, today. 
Let's not forget [Alfred Russel Wallace](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alfred_Russel_Wallace).
Perfect choice, and not just because of the game-changing theory. The other aspect is that this book is the pinnacle example of science communication to the public. It's a little more difficult to read as a lay-person today (150 years can do a lot to a language), but it successfully showed how complex scientific ideas can be broken down and disseminated for non-scientists without significant loss of fidelity. Darwin was a tremendous communicator.
[deleted]
Someone should show this to Ben Carson. 
This thread is the very embodiment of /r/iamverysmart 
Charles Darwin's On the Origin of Species has been voted the book on this particular list whose title was most frequently recognized.
&lt;div class="md"&gt;&lt;p&gt;Charles Darwin&amp;#39;s On the Origin of Species has been voted the book on this particular list whose title was most frequently recognized.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;FTFY...&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
The Minister for International Trade,  Chrystia Freeland, wants to hear from Canadians, so I suggest writing and calling your local MP and the [Honourable Chrystia Freeland](http://www.parl.gc.ca/Parliamentarians/en/members/Chrystia-Freeland%2884665%29). Go to [OpenParliament.ca](https://openparliament.ca/politicians/chrystia-freeland/) for more information.  
  
Send mail for free to:  
  The Honourable Chrystia Freeland  
  House of Commons   
  Ottawa, Ontario  
  Canada K1A 0A6  
This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://globalnews.ca/news/2326744/tpp-deal-worst-thing-that-harper-government-has-done-for-canada-balsillie/) reduced by 88%. (I'm a bot)
*****
&gt; After poring over the treaty&amp;#039;s final text, the businessman who helped build Research In Motion into a $20-billion global player said the deal contains &amp;quot;Troubling&amp;quot; rules on intellectual property that threaten to make Canada a &amp;quot;Permanent underclass&amp;quot; in the economy of selling ideas.

&gt; Balsillie said parts of the deal will harm Canadian innovators by forcing them to play by rules set by the treaty&amp;#039;s most-dominant partner: the United States.

&gt; Balsillie&amp;#039;s concerns about the deal include how it would impose intellectual property standards set by the U.S., the biggest partner in the treaty.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/3s28vr/tpp_deal_worst_thing_that_harper_government_has/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ "Version 1.6, ~12780 tl;drs so far.") | [Theory](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept/) | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr "PMs and comment replies are read by the bot admin, constructive feedback is welcome.") | *Top* *five* *keywords*: **deal**^#1 **Canada**^#2 **treaty**^#3 **Balsillie**^#4 **Canadian**^#5
What a terrible article. I was actually interested about the things they were saying, and it made no mention of any specifics. Oh so the TPP is going to cost Canada billions due to "ideas"? What? It would be nice if they tried to explain that, with examples or something, I mean they are just the media... 
Except that Harper didn't do it.  The new parliament will vote on it.  If it passes, you can blame the Liberals for it.
Bill C51 was the worst thing the Harper government has done.
Good thing that Trudeau will not let it pass.

Oh, wait, he supports it.

Shit.
How can this be the worst thing Harper has done?  It hasn't been ratified yet!

All Harper did was continue the negotiations and get the deal provisionally passed, as did the leader of every other country who is involved.  This is how trade deals of this magnitude work, necessarily.  If Canadians don't want it, then the current Liberal government will reject it on their behalf.  If that doesn't happen, it's *Trudeau* that's done this "worst thing for Canada."

And this:

&gt; It’s a treaty that structures everything forever — and we can’t get out of it.

Is palpably false.  We can get out of it easily, as the article explains a few sentences later:

&gt; It would require a parliamentary vote in Canada.

So if Canada doesn't want the trade deal, it can get out of it easily: **don't ratify it.**

When I see things like this--rampant misinformation, rank ignorance posing as sage wisdom, political bias pretending to standards of journalistic objectivity, and non-experts cloaking themselves in the garb of legal and international trade expertise--combined with the vast majority of people who uncritically swallow it whole... well, it makes me weep for the future prospects of Western democracy.
I wanna ask reddit - **has anyone actually read the TPP**? Or did 99% of you just read scaremongering stories from media saying "yadda yadda TPP is the worst thing ever" "hurr durr your internet freedom is gone"

Here's a few links that go full depth into the TPP. **It does look very similar to EU mind you.**
https://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/3rnsnm/eli5_full_text_of_tpp_what_it_means_to_the_people/

https://www.reddit.com/comments/3nl4sz/

https://ustr.gov/tpp/outlines-of-TPP

https://ustr.gov/trade-agreements/free-trade-agreements/trans-pacific-partnership/tpp-full-text


A few highlights of the TPP: 1. Lower tariffs generally (good for consumers and export-oriented producers, bad for industries that compete heavily with imports)


Signatories agree to enforce intellectual property restrictions for a longer period of time (good for pharmaceutical industry, bad for consumers of generic drugs. Internet freedom activists have also criticized the TPP for its potential to entrench and expand US copyright law)


It weakens protectionism in the auto industry, like the North American content rules (bad for US auto industry, good for Japan)


It enhances labor mobility so it is easier to move within TPP countries


It includes labor rights clauses, restricting child labor, forced labor, etc. (this will prevent people from challenging labor laws as protectionist measures, and may raise the standards of some developing country signatories slightly)


Ends some forms of agricultural protectionism in Japan and Canada (bad for Canadian dairy farmers and some Japanese farmers, good for consumers and producers elsewhere).


It also contains an environmental chapter, which has received more criticism than the labor rights chapter as far as I've seen.


It will establish an investor-state dispute mechanism (some critics argue this will elevate corporations and enable them to undermine national sovereignty, while defenders point out that most trade agreements have such provisions, and the TPP has included an opt-out for tobacco regulations, after the Australian experience).


The TPP will likely boost GDP among the 12 prospective signatories (US, Canada, Mexico, Vietnam, Brunei, Singapore, Japan, Malaysia, Peru, Chile, Australia and New Zealand). But the gains range widely. Because the US is already a large diversified economy, its projected gains from trade are smaller - only about $78 billion. Vietnam, in contrast, is projected to see an 11% boost to GDP.


Of course, not everybody stands to gain equally. Consumers gain pretty unambiguously from having a greater access to cheaper goods. Workers in some industries stand to lose as they face greater competition abroad, while others stand to gain from access to new markets.


In some countries, however, there are provisions in place to help those displaced by trade treaties. The US has Trade Adjustment Assistance, for instance. And in the Canadian election, Stephen Harper pledged billions to the auto and dairy industry (though it is up to Trudeau as to whether he follows through).


Some of the other implications of the treaty are harder to sort out in a balance sheet type manner. There may be geopolitical implications, as the US strengthens trade ties with many ASEAN countries, plus Japan. The treaty may pose risks to the environment. And certainly for consumers of generic drugs, this is probably not a good treaty.




I swear I will lose faith in Trudeau really quickly if they let this pass.  Even more so if they try to pull a smoke and mirrors show and legalize pot at the same time.
sounds good, but they write only name-blind recruitment. Ideally you'd need to hide the gender and the address to only keep the school records.
As they should be anywhere. Keep any potential biases, in any direction, out of the picture as much as possible. This should help everyone.
Long time since I applied to university now, but I recall physically visiting universities for interviews before actually receiving offers.

Bit difficult to conceal your ethnic status in that case?  Or are actual interviews dead now?
This will never happen in the U.S. Within a few years, campuses would be 60% Asian and 40% white. 
[deleted]
What will the excuse be if the majority of accepted applicants are one color after bias is removed?

EDIT: Not saying this WILL happen. Just asking what if.
EDIT2: Made color generic.
A simpler solution would be to remove the questions of gender, religion, and ethnicity from college applications 
Huh, a meritocracy. Imagine that...
The title says "University" not College, how did you get that wrong? In the UK (where the article is from) the terms college and university are not interchangeable. 
So this is interesting because it could end up going one of two ways.  The first is what it is intended to do, where it increases diversity on campuses and allows solely grades on standardized tests to determine entrance into college.

The second possibility could be worse however.  Since standardized tests are geared towards students who receive the best educations, and cause those who may be just as smart and work harder but get lower grades simply because of their school is worse, this would cause the students of wealthier neighborhoods to more easily be accepted into better schools.  Which would lead to an even greater increase between the classes, which most people can agree is a negative thing.
This would be good in the US too, so we could prevent unconscious bias against candidates who aren't in minority groups.

Apparently, Asians are honorary whites, cause they get discriminated against worst of all by colleges.
Suddenly white males write "Growing up as an impoverished black girl" in their essays hoping to get in on the minority card. 
Million times better of an idea than "diversity quotas". 

Sadly this will probably get axed when it turns out that white and asian males keep doing best in a merit-based system.
"[I'll consider it](http://i.imgur.com/HaX68WK.jpg)"
But it is pretty clear that our government doesn't want a healthy democracy.
Right - let's ask *governments* to protect their own whistleblowers.

While we're at it, lets put Saudi Arabia in charge of women's rights, and let Wall Street regulate itself.  What could possibly go wrong?


... This is the same UN that brought that video game chick to testify that mean comments online warranted criminal prosecution and censorship of anything deemed misogynistic right? What the dick do they care about free speech all of a sudden?
The French were the first to call for them to be called Daesh. In particular:

&gt; “I do not recommend using the term Islamic State because it blurs the lines between Islam, Muslims and Islamists. The Arabs call it ‘Daesh’ and I will be calling them the ‘Daesh cutthroats’.”

That was said by the French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius back in **September last year**.

http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/isis-vs-islamic-state-vs-isil-vs-daesh-what-do-the-different-names-mean-9750629.html

Possibly a silly question but how is it pronounced?
A lot of news outlets are quoting an Arabic translator named Alice Guthrie on the origins and meaning behind 'Daesh'.  

[Here is a pretty comprehensive explanation.](https://www.freewordcentre.com/blog/2015/02/daesh-isis-media-alice-guthrie/) 
&gt; The Kurdish militants battling ISIS in Iraq already use the term regularly, though they risk **loosing** their tongues by uttering it.

This bothered me more than it should.

Buncha daeshbags if you ask me
*that'll show 'em*
Why can't we just call them The Shrimp Dicked Pig Fucking State? I guarantee you'd see their numbers drop.  And whenever we mention them we precede it with, after fucking their cousins. 
For example CNN right now says ISIS threatens DC.

"The Shrimp-Dicked Pig Fucking State, after fucking their cousins, threatens DC" 
more like Stan DARSH!!!
Good--the Egyptian goddess deserves to have her name removed from the mud.
From the article Daesh can, in Arabic mean:

"a bigot who imposes his view on others.” 

Sounds pretty fucking accurate to me.
It's annoying to hear world leaders call them 'ISIL' when nobody else calls them that. It's ISIS or Daesh.
Was this not considered by Reddit just yesterday as "cringe"?
This shit again? The media pushed this same fucking theory months ago. It wasn't true then and it isn't true now.

IS, I mean Daesh, doesn't care. 
This is the diplomatic equivalent of changing your profile picture to a French flag. 
Whatever left out of Egypt's tourism is now finished. Sharm was the light at the end of the tunnel for Egypt. Now that light is out. 
The Paris attacks were horrific enough. I think we all need to be reminded, however, that even more Russians died in this single plane crash than in Paris a few days ago. If there was ever a "casus belli" for Putin, this would be it.
&gt;Mr Putin vowed to "find and punish" those behind the attack over the Sinai peninsula. A branch of so-called Islamic State said it downed the plane. "We'll look for them everywhere, wherever they are hiding. We'll find them in any corner of the planet and punish them."

Cat and mouse game begins.
Attacking Russia? Looks like ISIS wants to play the establishing sovereignty game on hard mode. 
If it does emerge that Isis caused the crash we need to ask, first of all, how they came to this capability and secondly, why they have persistently withheld any real detail of how they did it.
All we need to do is rotate our Facebook pictures by 90 degrees. 
Waiting for CNN's font size 72 headline for this.
I followed this closely; partner is Russian, family are in Dahab. Quite clear early on (despite the reddit skepticism) that the most likely cause was a smuggled explosive. These chemical tests should have been finished a while ago. They sat on this. Now after Paris they are calculating it is better to reveal than conceal. I think the Russian public is being prepared for a military escalation.
This is the perfect time for Britain, Russia, USA, France etc to join forces and destroy ISIS. Hitler fucked up when he messed with the Russians and if we could fight alongside Stalin then I'm sure we can fight alongside Putin so that these fuckers don't see the light of day again.
The last time Russia had casualties in the multiple hundreds was the apartment bombings which led them into Chechnya. 
Russia now you have more reason to wipe those shits off the universe.
I really wish these wankers in here who only feel the need to complain about how Facebook won't do anything would just fuck off.

If you really worry about what Facebook will do you need to get your priorities sorted. 


#PrayForRussia

Oh wait. For some reason Facebook will never do things like this, and nor will the western people.

EDIT: 90 points and controversial? Thats a record!

Anyways, I didnt mean to shit all over the West or something, its just that I dont think the response to a terror attack in Russia would be as ´loving´ as a French one. Still, Im not talking down any of the events, both are extremely horrible.
My roommate said yesterday, "ISIS should ask the Nazis how it went the last time someone gave the US and Russia a reason to put aside their 10,000 differences."
The next couple weeks are going to be interesting.
Fighting terrorism needs to be a global effort. I sincerely hope a league of western nations wipes ISIS off the face of the earth.
""This tragedy has become another testimony of terrorism's barbarity, which poses a challenge to human civilisation," Russian President Vladimir Putin said in a telegram to French counterpart Francois Hollande, according to the Kremlin."

He said in a TELEGRAM? 
The west needs to stop the love making to the Saud dynasty and acknowledge a secular Syrian government. 
HAHA. Remember [this picture](http://i.imgur.com/qdCuOIk.jpg) ?   Let's pretend that everybody's out there to save the world from evil.   
NATO should definitely answer the call. An attack against one nation of NATO is an attack against us all. Every country under the treaty should do it's part to eradicate this disease from the earth not just France and not just the USA.
And we know that Russia does not fuck around...

"The incident began when four Soviet diplomats were kidnaped last September by Muslim extremists who demanded that Moscow pressure the Syrian government to stop pro-Syrian militiamen from shelling rival Muslim positions in the northern Lebanese city of Tripoli.

The militiamen, the Jerusalem paper said, did not cease their attacks, and the body of one of the Soviet diplomats, Arkady Katkov, was found a few days later in a field in Beirut.

The KGB then apparently kidnaped and killed a relative of an unnamed leader of the Shias' Hezbollah (Party of God) group, a radical, pro-Iranian group that has been suspected of various terrorist activities against Western targets in Lebanon.

Parts of the man's body, the paper said, were then sent to the Hezbollah leader with a warning that he would lose other relatives in a similar fashion if the three remaining Soviet diplomats were not immediately released. They were quickly freed.

The newspaper quoted "observers in Jerusalem" as saying: "This is the way the Soviets operate. They do things--they don't talk. And this is the language Hezbollah understands.""


Source: http://articles.latimes.com/1986-01-07/news/mn-13892_1_soviets

BRITAIN. USA. FRANCE. RUSSIA. THE ORIGINAL FAB FOUR. WINNERS OF WW2.

WE'RE GETTING THE BAND BACK TOGETHER BOYS!

EDIT: Listen, I get people are angry I left out a lot of the other countries who helped out during the war, and I'm sorry. In school, we were always taught that the biggest fighters in WW2 were BARF (Britain, America, Russia, France) vs JIG (Japan, Italy, Germany). That's the way I've always thought of it and I figured that was the easiest way to say it. I'm sorry if I pissed off anyone for excluding their country. I recognize and appreciate everything that everyone contributed to the war effort.
Why is terrorism in quotes?
ITT: people who were calling the US warmongers last week want the US to wage war.
Someone is arming them.  Go after that, even if it means the Saudis.
Your either going to need brutal regimes like Saadams Iraq to keep them in check or a constant presence of outside militaries plus some sort of rebuilding effort. That region is failed and the world needs to police and rebuild it. Bombs won't stop the problem.
I've been saying for a year or more that ISIS might be that "Alien Invasion" that unites the world. 
The civilized world needs to unite against this barbarism. Nothing can unite people as much as having a common enemy, and ISIS seems like just the ticket. 

We always hear how our actions serve as recruitment for terrorists.  Maybe it's time to reverse that.  Let their heinous acts serve to unite us, letting go of lesser quarrels (at least temporarily) in order to confront this threat and end it. 

I'm not sure that it is something that can be won, but surely it every nation on earth joins forces we can get fairly close. 
Look, ISIS is essentially a government and while it's bad that they have taken over such a big area, the good thing is you can wage traditional war against a government. Let's get Russia, and the U.S. and France and Germany and Britain and just wipe ISIS off the map.
https://media.giphy.com/media/3o85xH3Se9dX6eZSb6/giphy.gif
If the US says no to this, I'm so fucking done. 
4 years and 7 months ago, the people of the west deemed Assad the epitome of evil, disregarding the pragmatic approach that one solution is not universal to every ambiance and historical circumstance.
The rule of the idiom "one thing leads to another" does not stop existing in the moment we initiate an action.
If the West can't eliminate ISIS, (at least) support Putin. 
Could they retract the comment about Kerry by saying "he does *not* have the mental abilities of a 12-year-old"?

edit: smelling mistake
Just nominate Mel Gibson as ambassador to Israel and call it even.
Lol. and yet, somehow, they asked for an extra 5 billion this year, we need to stop sending these people tax dollars, we need to fix American infrastructure not Israel's.


I don't get it - has the Israeli leadership just decided to be as bananas as possible? I get that they're under a lot of pressure, all the time, but... still.
I dont understand why the Israelis are trying to isolate themselves so much on the world stage. the US was one of the last backers of the country, as Europe and most of the western world had already said they had gone too far in many aspects.

Seems Netanyahu's plan is to back the Republican party 100%, and hope they get back into power, otherwise they are just going to marginalize themselves further
"As head of public diplomacy and media, Baratz, a 42-year-old philosophy lecturer, will be tasked with improving Israel's reputation in the world."

Off to a GREAT start...
Last year the US gave Netanyahu's government **3 billion dollars** in foreign aid. Israel has universal health care and cheap university tuition. How about we cut them off the gravy train?
I love how the Israeli governments definition of anti-Semitism is "you disagreed with something we said or did"...
Its like "fuck you; now give me more military aid pls"
Time to take our toys and go home. They don't want to play with us anymore.
Biting the hand that feeds.
Could we just stop supporting Israel? 
Man, they can just fuck right off.  If US wasn't playing big daddy,  they wouldn't be around to say this. 
AIPAC is too strong. The second most amount of lobbying funds in Washington
Kerry has at least a mental age of 14, maybe even 15.
We're literally their only friend in the entire world.   Yet they continually spit in our face and kick our shins.   I really don't get it. 
Don't worry. The Israelis also claimed Iceland was Anti-Semitism when Reykjavík boycotted Israeli products in support of Palestinian independence. 
jeez....why are they giving Kerry so much credit. 
I fucking hate the Israeli government. Fucking. Hate.

"But what do you need a financial advisor for? Twenty years ago you had the highest Gross National Product in the world, now you're tied with Albania. Your second largest export is secondhand goods, closely followed by dates which you're losing five cents a pound on. You know what the business community thinks of you? They think that a hundred years ago you were living in tents out here in the desert chopping each other's heads off and that's where you'll be in another hundred years, so, yes, on behalf of my firm I accept your money."
— Bryan Woodman, *Syriana*
CNN quotes the IMF report but fails to mention the IMF also projects oil  prices to be at $70 a barrel in five years. http://knoema.com/IMFCPF2015Jun/imf-commodity-price-forecasts-july-2015
[removed]
Getting tired of CNN's clickbaity titles.

&gt;**If oil stays around $50 a barrel,** most countries in the region will run out of cash in five years or less, warned a dire report from the International Monetary Fund this week.

That's a big if. Oil will definitely go back up big time, the question is whether it's in 1-2 yrs or longer.
Good.

They're like the national embodiment of backward, amoral trailer trash who win the lottery and carry on with their shitty behaviour empowered by the riches and influence which they had little to no part in earning or creating for themselves.

EDIT: Realized I double posted, apologies!

EDIT 3: Woah! this really blew up! thanks for the gold by the way, kind strangers :)
Guys, you do know that the Saudi Royal family will almost not be impacted due to their holdings all around the world right?  The only people who are going to be starving are the already dirt poor lower class.
This news is very, very Aladeen.
The IMF didn't say that, they said (I'm paraphrasing) that *if current trends continue* Saudi Arabia will run out of cash in fewer than 5 years. Current trends won't continue, because Saudi Arabia doesn't want to run out of cash and they are largely in control of those trends. CNN is stupid to report this story in this way.

A large part of the foreign policy finagling Obama has done in the last few years is to drive middle eastern oil prices down to undercut Russian oil.

Saudi Arabian oil is still cheap to produce, so they can drive the price down quite a bit, but they *usually* have no incentive to do so, because the demand is such that they can charge quite a bit as long as the rest of OPEC agrees to it. Russian oil, on other hand, is encased in shale which makes it hard to refine, so it's only profitable to refine it if oil prices are high.

Obama has cut deals with Saudi Arabia to reduce oil prices. This has two effects: 1) the US economy is stronger because oil prices effect *everything* here (hence our 0% inflation over the last year), and 2) it destabilizes the Russian economy because they can't export oil, which keeps Putin in check.

I'm not exactly sure what deals Obama cut with Saudi Arabia, but they almost certainly aren't good enough for Saudi Arabia that they're willing to run out of cash, so there's *no way* they're going to keep oil prices where they are. This presents a problem for the US in that Putin will eventually have oil money to fund military actions, but that will likely be a problem for Obama's successor to solve.

TL;DR: Saudi Arabia isn't going to run out of cash, because oil dependent nations are going to give them cash.
Why are the impossible mission force doing economics all of a sudden?
[Ozymandias poem](http://www.poetryfoundation.org/learning/guide/238972)
Went Saudi to Iraq real quick.
Saudi Arabia, what a fucking country.

Among the worlds most extreme and outrageous religious attitudes. They spend huge amounts on arms and potentially may acquire nukes one day.

Besides harming themselves and the planet by selling oil at a ridiculously low price they are also one of the most wasteful consumers of oil on the planet. With the amount that they waste amazing things could be done. They could build a mosque on the moon with that.

Their kings are swimming in it now but the people are going to be pretty pissed off when it runs out early.

Their mismanagement is extreme and it's potentially going to be very messy when it all collapses.
As far as I can tell, they are betting the farm on the following plan, and many world leaders are in on it.

1.  The free world doesn't trust Putin.  Putin gets away with tons of stuff because Russia supplies so much natural gas to Europe that no one can really object to much of anything Putin does.

2.  The Saudis and other Arab countries have plenty of natural gas but nowhere to pipe it to.  Syria and Iraq stand between Europe and the Arab world.  No one was going to run a pipeline through those two countries with those crazy rulers -- they're worse than Putin.  That would have given them too much power.

So Bush tries regime change in Iraq.  Makes up weapons of mass destruction because he wants a pipeline.  Fail.

So Obama tries to start something with Syria to push their government out.  No one will support him, so he starts supporting the resistance.  Then ISIS shows up and starts fighting Assad AND his resistance.  Obama steps in and pretends to fight ISIS, but really only fights them if they fight the resistance.  Assad is fair game.  Obama wants the pipeline.

Putin sees Assad teetering and decides he has to annex Ukraine now.  Once Assad falls, the Europeans might support fighting back.  But as long as Assad is in power, Putin can grab what he thinks he needs.  Europe will meekly go along because they need the natural gas only Putin can supply.

The Saudis, of course, REALLY want the pipeline.  So they decide to support Obama by lowing the price of gas, essentially ensuring the US economy remains robust so that we continue to support regime change in Syria.  Basically, it has turned the US into Saudi mercenaries, at least in part.

The refugees are the pawns in this game, meant to benefit the Saudis AND the Europeans.  So Europe steps up and takes massive numbers of refugees.  Why?  Not because they are good guys, but if the war results in too big of a humanitarian crisis, the world populace, in the dark over all of this, will demand an end to the war and Assad will remain in power.  So Germany, who will be the greatest beneficiary of stable supplies of gas, tells Greece, who owes Germany a lot of money, that they can get some serious financial concessions by accepting refugees.  Greece complies.

Putin sees Assad teetering, and doesn't much care about him, but doesn't want the pipeline to be built.  So Putin steps in to the war to defend Assad.

So all the world's major events come down to a pipeline vs no pipeline.  They are all connected to it.  The Saudis are "betting the farm" over it.  The pipeline will represent untold billions of dollars for centuries.

[Map of Syria and Iraq](https://img.washingtonpost.com/wp-apps/imrs.php?src=https://img.washingtonpost.com/blogs/wonkblog/files/2013/09/syria-commons-map.png&amp;w=1484)
I wish I had been born 100-200 years later in the future just so I could personally witness the death of that country after we dont need oil for fuel/cars/etc. anymore and we have better methods of creating energy
19:51 - Secretary of the Interior said whole city is in danger

19:55 - Public transportation in city center is partially stopped

20:03 - Police president said there was a serious plan to plant/detonate something

There will be a press conference at 20:30. 

There is SPECULATION on twitter that the police got someone ( [Picture](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CUCTiKAW4AANcxS.jpg:large) ) ( [Tweet](https://twitter.com/Jeroen_Grueter/status/666695058255650816/photo/1) ) - Press conference said there were no arrests yet, so probably not true. 

20:15 Newest info from police president is: There was a PLANNED bomb attack on the stadium

NOT YET CONFIRMED (RUMOR): [This news](http://www.kreiszeitung.de/lokales/niedersachsen/fussball-laenderspiel-rettungswagen-sprengstoff-vorm-stadion-5875541.html) and [this twitter](https://twitter.com/dw_sports/status/666698740108009472) (thanks trecht) say there was an ambulance car with explosives inside, but it was found early enough. 

Television news said Intelligence had information about an attack on the stadium earlier today. 

People also left the stadium in a coordinated manner, no mass panic. 

Link to press conference (hasn't started yet): [Link](http://www.ndr.de/nachrichten/niedersachsen/hannover_weser-leinegebiet/eventlivestream2352.html)

20:40 - News say attack was planned by Islamists. Police president said they got the decising clue 15 minutes after letting people into the stadium. What a timing. 

20:47 - Press conference delayed to 21:00. 

By the way, ZDF (German television) is trying to broadcast the game England vs France at short notice. So keep the beer cool for now. 

21:00 - A heavy police force is guarding the Ministry of the Interior. Press conference hasn't started yet. 

Missed that one: A concert hall in Hannover also got evacuated. 

21:21 - Press conference just started.

Info from Press conference (also check u/seewolfmdk comment, (s)he is doing a more detailed job at translating): 

- after Paris, there was (as usual after big attacks) a lot of clues and info about upcoming attacks. Intelligence got a lot of info just today, so they adviced politicians to cancel the game and Secretary of the Interior supported that. He also won't comment on any source or what kind of clues there were. 

- Heavy police force will keep securing Hannover so everybody is ensured to get home safe

- Secretary of the Interior DOES NOT want to comment about if there is still a threat, what kind of threat there is/was, when he got information, just ... nothing really. His reason is to not give away any information about sources or how they decide to cancel public events like that. 

- No information about found explosives and no information about arrests. No confirmation either. 

- NO CONFIRMATION about explosives inside of an ambulance truck. 

- Secretary says people should still gather and celebrate things like football or christmas (soon). Cancelling big events like today will happen on a case-to-case basis, not generally. 

- PRESS CONFERENCE IS OVER. 

If you want my personal opinion, there wasn't any important information to justify this press conference at all. He also talked in a way that I found dodgy and very, very imprecise. Since there is no confirmation for anything, they could've canceled the game just because or any other reasion. But that's just my personal point of view. 

21:30 - dpa says they have insider info that the crucial clue was coming from a foreign Intelligence Agency. 

u/try_some_ubik [Video from Hannover, police presence](https://vid.me/MElP)

u/pXmo says they check passengers and cars for IDs 

22:02 - The police minister said on television they more or less HAD to cancel when they got this "crucial clue". 



I guess I am more or less done. If anything big happens, I will still update, but I don't expect anything. More information about what happened and what kind of attack was planned will appear the next days, I guess. 

I'm just happy people are safe for now. 

Thanks for the gold! :)

22:04 - Bild (German yellow press) claim they have info that the clue came from the French Intelligence Agency. 30 hours before the game was supposed to start, they warned Germany about a group of attackers armed with explosive belts, bombs and automatic weapons. 

22:43 - Federal police is investigating a "suspicious object" inside of an InterCity train 

22:49 - Bundesliga is supposed to go on normally. If there were clues about a group armed with explosives and assault rifles and they can't find those guys, they could just try again. Really strange feeling, although keeping up our normal life is probably the best thing anyway ... 

23:40 - "suspicious object" is secured, but it's not confirmed if it is a bomb/explosive or just dummy. 

23:45 - Suspicious object was detonated in a controlled way, experts doubt it was explosive anyway. Still no explosives found or confirmed. Main train station in Hannover is operating again. 

0:00 - Not related to Hannover, but a [suicide attack happened in Nigeria](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2015/11/nigeria-market-bombing-151117213718605.html). Sigh. Hate this to be the last update for me, but I will head to bed soon. My deep condolences to the people in Yola and I hope everyone gets home safe in Hannover. 
Now all trains from the stadium have been stopped and evacuated.

EDIT: The SEK (special forces) and GSG-9 (counter-terrorism forces) are arriving.
"OFFICIAL: Police announcement: "Move away from the stadium. Do not stand still." #GERNED"

 https://twitter.com/dw_sports/status/666684833075187713?s=09
So that World Cup in Qatar should be fun
Dear ISIS. Historically it is not a good idea to piss off the Germans and Russians, just saying.
Trying to mess with European football again??

Instead of bombing the middle east I say we send over a squadron of football hooligans armed with patio furniture to deal with ISIS. Inner city firm, Ultras, Celtic, Rangers, Boixos Nois, Boulogne Boys and Hogesas all united to take down these scum.

It would be beautiful.
Seriously what the flying fuck. Friday my friend was sick and we couldn't attend the game in Paris. 

Now we both are in Hannover and the game is cancelled. 

I must have some serious guardian angels. 

It strikes me that the only thing dumber than poking a bear is poking all of the bears. 
Platform 7 to 14 in Hannover Central Station are blocked now, police are apparently searching a train for a 'suspicious object'. Lots of stranded passengers.

[Source \(German\)](http://www.haz.de/Hannover/Aus-der-Stadt/Uebersicht/Fussball-Laenderspiel-Deutschland-gegen-Niederlande-in-Hannover)

Edit 1: Police are blocking the passage between platforms 11 and 12 and asking people to go around the central station if they want to get to the other side. 

---

Edit 2: [Lots of firetrucks](http://images.scribblelive.com/2015/11/17/c5427246-7394-4370-92f1-7ce298665a51.jpg) driving past the central station.

---

Edit 3: Police are searching delivery trucks passing the central station.

---

Edit 4: Police did confirm that they are searching an IC train. A bomb-sniffing dog apparently reacted to something and now explosive experts are going to check the train. The train is an IC coming from Braunschweig, it was supposed to go to Emden and is currently halted at platform 11.

---

Edit 5: [An explosives expert in full gear.](http://images.scribblelive.com/2015/11/17/226ea03c-deca-456d-936d-e990755496e5.jpg)

---

Edit 6: According to the police, a suspicious package is going to be detonated shortly.

---

Edit 7: [Fire fighters on their way to platform 11.](http://images.scribblelive.com/2015/11/17/b7af8bc7-009d-48b9-9b53-1cb2b997580d.jpg)

---

Edit 8: A policeman is using a megaphone and warning everyone that a loud bang is about to be heard, goes on to say that it is a controlled detonation and everything is normal. The blocked area will be expanded by a couple meters.

---

Edit 9: The platforms are no longer being blocked, apparently there was no detonation after all. Adjacent platforms 9 and 10 are back in use now.

---

Edit 10: The police operation appears to have been successful, the suspicious package doesn't pose a threat any longer.

---

Edit 11: Police confirms the controlled detonation. Apparently passengers in aforementioned train had noticed a person acting suspiciously. Said person fled when they were talked to and left a package behind. Police were called and checked the package with bomb-sniffing dogs; the dogs reacted to the package. Police x-rayed the package and saw wires, circuits and a cellphone inside and decided to detonate the package safely.

---

Edit 12: Full press conference available [here](http://www.ndr.de/nachrichten/niedersachsen/hannover_weser-leinegebiet/Die-Pressekonferenz-im-Innenministerium-in-voller-Laenge,pressekonferenz326.html) (German).

---

Edit 13: Streets are [pretty much empty](http://images.scribblelive.com/2015/11/17/5cb58e18-c2d7-417d-8b3d-b3b5cbc71a4c.jpg) now in the city centre. Still a [noticeable police presence](http://images.scribblelive.com/2015/11/17/0be27d64-de96-43e7-83fa-210079348ded.jpg) throughout the city though. Central station is no longer blocked, there have been no injuries or worse. Everyone seems to be alright.

---

Edit 14:

Police have released a statement, apparently the luggage piece was a fake, not a real bomb. 

Click [here](https://www.facebook.com/289267767806104/posts/1023879527678254) for the police statement in German (via Facebook). 

A loose translation:

&gt; Dear Followers,
&gt; 
&gt; we'd like to thank you first and foremost for keeping things orderly and civil regarding the evacuation.
&gt; 
&gt; Since the game was canceled there has been a series of investigations on suspicious items, but we couldn't confirm the presence of explosives.
&gt; 
&gt; There has been a controlled detonation in the central station, but we couldn't find any explosives here either.
&gt; The area is no longer blocked.
It's a weird feeling right now, I am living in Hanover. Of course Paris felt close , but hearing the police/ambulance/firefighters whatever driving into the city with sirens feels a lot closer...
Terrorists can you please stop your shit? Us Europeans just want to watch football...
I'm there right now and things are so crazy here... Theres police everywhere, heavily armed, one of them told us to immediately leave the area. I feel like in civil war here in Hannover.

Edit: I won't stay here. Gonna drive home now.
Update: there was evidence of an impending attack.

The earlier found object turned out to be a false alarm. 
The attack threats/evidences were received after that object was found

___________
Edit: 20:04 stadium is completely empty and all cars in the proximity get searched, causing congestions. Still lots of people on the arenas parking spots

Edit: 20:07 policeman says that the area should be safe by now, there is no imminent danger anymore

Edit: 20:11 police is taking off bullet proof vests. Seems like the threat is really no longer 

Edit: 20:17 according to N-TV the president of the hannover police says that there was solid evidence that an attack with an explosive device was planned during the game

Edit: 20:24 it was precised that it should have been a suicide attack with an explosive belt. There is also speculation that there was a vehicle disguised as an abulance car with exploives in it. But this has not been confirmed by the police yet

Edit 20:38 according to the DPA it was a threat of a suicide attack by Islamists

Police got the crucial piece of evidence just 15 minutes after opening the gates to the stadium

Edit 20:56 police presence in the whole city, it is speculated that there were more attacks planned in other locations

Edit 21:07 bomb disposal experts were sighted at the arena

Edit 21:41 speculation that bombs were found in a vehicle or any bombs at all get rejected by press conference

Edit 21:48 press conference over, I am not any smarter to be honest. Notably: It was stated by the minister that there is some information he rather not releases because it might cause unnecessary fear among the population.

Either all the the information is wrong/just speculation or he knew about anything he really didnt want to release. I personally think that there was evidence for an act of terrorism and I really hope that I am wrong or said "evidence" was greatly exaggerated or misinterpreted

Edit: spelling and grammar
Maybe ISIS just really hates football...
Minister of the interior was just asked if the threat is still ongoing and he said "I can't answer that because my answer might scare the population". Damn.
http://www.ndr.de/nachrichten/niedersachsen/hannover_weser-leinegebiet/eventlivestream2352.html

Livestream of german government.

-  Federal Minister of the Interior decided to cancel game
- says situation was dangerous
- not easy to make this decision because we don't just want to cave to terrorism
- important hints came in very late
- can't comment on origin of information because it would help attackers
- game was to show solidarity with france, so the decision to cancel it was hard, but safety is more important
- thanks police for fast and good reaction and evacuation (Also thanks people for making no problems)
-  heavy police presence this night to show safety for people still out 
- german soccer team had to cancel second game in a few days, netherlands informed immediatly (both soccer teams brought to safe police station)

Unknown object found in hannover central station, some areas closed

- minister of interior says again that he can't answer questions because it would make the population feel uneasy and sabotage their effort to get further information

- so far no explosives found and no one arrested

- directly asked can't confirm anything about explosives in ambulance
- minister says that terrorism will not stop the german people from enjoying live and public places but still sometimes decisions like this have to be done
- police checks safety of every big public event always and early, will focus more on it in the next days
- don't think that these attacks have anything to do with soccer itself
- chancellor merkel was involved in decision process
- contrary to first claims no explosives were found in the stadium itself
It's so devastating when these terrorists succeed with any sort of attack that we overlook things like this where the good guys do a great/thorough job and unquestionably save lives.  I hope we start to do a better job of appreciating when police forces get wins like this.
So far only "babbling" about security.

Edit 1: After discussion and thinking about it, the Federal police minister recommended to cancel the game.

Edit2: The source of the threat and who gave a hint will not be published.

Edit3: It was a heavy decision, but with this level of danger, there was no other way.

Edit4: Lower-Saxon police minister now.

Edit5: The decision was difficult, he's thanking the Federal police minister and the state police.

Edit6: There was no real discussion that the game had to be cancelled.

Edit7: Police will be present in the city the whole night.

Edit8: President of German Football Association: It's sad that the game had to be cancelled. 

Edit9: It's hard that the team had to endure 2 bad situations within 4 days.

Edit10: He had been informed by the state police minister, later by the federal minister.

Edit10: The teams hadn't arrived in the stadium, they were 5km away.

Edit11: The Dutch team is on it's way back to the Netherlands via plane.

Edit13: Until tomorrow there will be stronger police presence in the city.

Edit14: No arrests, no explosives found yet.

Edit15: Was there a threat for the German team directly? Pure speculation. The security authorities did good work, not thinking about the next matches yet.

Edit16: Explosives in an ambulance? I can't confirm that 

Edit17: The team was still in shock during the last days.

Edit18: We won't change our way of life, we will visit christmas markets, matches, public meetings, but we have to be careful.

Edit19: If there are threats, it's job of the state police to evaluate these threats, but there is no reason to think that terrorists are targeting football specifically. They are targeting public meetings.

Edit20: The ministers phoned a few times over the day, the chancellor arrived in Hannover, but returned to Berlin.

Edit21: Non confirmation of explosives inside the stadium.

End. On the left: The police minister of Lower Saxony, middle: Federal police minister, right: president of German Football Association. 
Here is a Periscope stream live from the stadium: https://www.periscope.tv/w/1vAxRoYrAmXKl

Edit: The guy talking is a news reporter for BILD Zeitung by the way. Police sent people a little away from the stadium, that's why he's mainly talking now and can't show much of the scene.

Edit 2: He finished streaming now. If you click on the link though, you can replay it and see the very first moments of the evacuation.
All right, that's it. They may take our lives, but they'll never take our football!
Wow I'm torn right now.

Sure, don't take any chances. Noone wants to regret it later on if something happens or the "suspicious object" turns out to be a real threat.

But they were talking for days about the increased security measures, the shitload of police forces present and everything they had planned out to keep this safe with the whole german cabinet in attendance. No dice, they got us again. Scared us, made us change our ways, made us stop doing things we love.

I don't want them to have that much power over us.

[We have pretty cute police!](http://cdn3.spiegel.de/images/image-923396-breitwandaufmacher-unxw-923396.jpg)
i like dick so much. no one will ever see this comment. i love penis :)
For the lazy wondering what the 'targets' are:

&gt;500 oil tanks... 26 command-centers, 35 depots, 28 fortified sites, 3 training camps, 8 explosive factories and 86 heavy-weapon stores for the ISIS were destroyed.
Russia racking up some nice XP, clearly going for the platinum trophy.
I get vietnam deja-vu... welcome to 2015 where the body count is made up and doesn't matter in the end
Perhaps this isn't the right place for this question, but the math never seems to add up. 

How is ISIS able to be so strong?  They are complete assholes.  No one likes them.  Everyone views them as the definition of evil and everyone realizes they are bad for society.  Muslims know that they are following/enforcing an extreme interpretation of Islam.... 


All of this leads me to believe that their numbers would dwindle faster than they can replenish them.  I just don't see how anyone would join them.  What am I missing here?  Are they forcing people into their ranks?  Are there more extreme Muslims in the world than we thought? 

If no country supports them, how are they getting weapons and supplies?  I know they were selling oil on the black market, but they can't sell *that* much can they? 
yo, but how many twitter accounts dey get?
All we hear over and over are these huge reports of this many ISIS targets blown up, this many militants taken out, this many dozen more bombs dropped. Is it any of this actually making a difference? You can bomb an enemy forever - the US has been trying it since WWII - but you cannot win a war just by blowing up targets from the air. You need actual competent ground forces or ground allies to defeat ISIS. Are they making gains right now? Or is all of this fluff?
So when they are Russian bombs no one cares about civilian casualties? 
dude I'm so glad all the world powers are coming together finally to be like --- 

wipe them out.... all of them.
I wonder how many of those targets were actually destroyed
If this was a story about the US bombing all you hear about is how many civilian casualties there were. 
Isis can't stay in the game for long at this rate. 
Why aren't there any [Daeshcam](https://www.get-digital.dk/web/getdigital/gfx/products/__generated__resized/1100x1100/Aufkleber_Trollface.jpg) videos of the Russian cruise missiles hitting targets? :(
Are they actual ISIS targets this time, or "ISIS" targets (aka FSA)?
TIL that there are powerful Mafia families in Toronto. Huh.
Let's just say Johny is sleeping with the beavers now. 
The mobs should just get their kids to date and the problem will be solved. No mob war.
Mounties vs. Mobsters, next week on the History Channel. 
"WTF does Italy know about mob violence in Toronto?"

*reads article*

"Oh, THAT mob."
Anyone interested in this should keep an eye on Marco Muzzo. This guy was recently involved in a drunk driving accident where he killed a grandfather and three children in an accident so gruesome that 5 of 8 paramedics took 2 weeks leave due to PTSD. 

So far he has already hired Brian Greenspan as his lawyer, and managed to have his trial pushed back twice. It is likely that this will get swept under the rug due to his influence. 
Canada just keeps sounding more and more interesting.
Kudos to Italian law enforcement for the tip.
What the hell is this? The 1970's?
That's what this shooting was about.

http://www.cp24.com/news/police-id-man-fatally-shot-at-restaurant-near-airport-1.2623162


Can't wait until this is Trudeau's fault even though he's not even in power yet.
Haven't they heard of the 6god!? Look what happened to meek. rip: (

This is exactly why Drake and The Weeknd need to collaborate on an album...maybe that'll bring peace to Toronto.
As a resident of Toronto; sorry, what?
Rizzuto left a power vacuum in Toronto...
My dad used to live in Toronto in the late 70s. One of the coolest stories he ever told me was how he witnessed a gang war between the Italians and an Asian gang. Guys literally fighting in the streets with knives and guns. 
&gt;People seem to be getting along, everyone is shaking hands and kissing each other. It is either really good or really bad

And the award for the most Canadian thing I've read all day goes to
People are much, *much*, **much** too lenient with the mafia.
PAY ME MY MONEY eh
As far back as I can remember, I always wanted to be a gangster.
Well, considering Belgium has taken measures based on a 'serious and imminent threat', it could be possible that more attacks are planned for Sunday...Take with a pinch of salt, of course. 
I don't envy people whose actual job it is to evaluate credibility  of threats. With all the fear around right now there are lots of people calling out lots of imaginary scenarios that feel utterly real in their heads. 

And of course you are in deep shit if just one of them was right and you dismissed him/her as the looney that he/she sounded like. 

Edit: spelling
"**The targets listed by Anonymous are as follow:**

* Demonstration by Collectif du droit des femmes (Paris)

* Cigales Electroniques with Vocodecks, RE-Play &amp; Rawtor at Le Bizen (Paris)

* Concrete Invites Drumcode: Adam Beyer, Alan Fitzpatrick, Joel Mull at Concrete (Paris)

* Feast of Christ the King celebrations (Rome/Worldwide)

* Al-Jihad, One Day Juz (Indonesia)

* Five Finger Death Punch (Milan)

* University Pastoral Day (Holy Spirit University of Kaslik, Lebanon)"
The anonymous news twitter says different:

https://twitter.com/YourAnonNews/status/668160687043125248


"War" has gotten really strange.
This'll likely be more effective than dropping bombs. Isolate where their cash is coming from and they can be starved out. I wish you well and hope you succeed in defeating this evil.



&gt;ISIS has responded to the threat from Anonymous, warning of a reciprocal attack against the activist group

This line made me realize why its good Anonymous is involved. How is ISIS supposed to attack a loose collective of NEETs who never go outside? This is actually an effective counter against them. 

Edit: Thanks for the gold, whoever the hell did that. 

I know Reddit hates thanks for the gold messages, but the difference between the people who hate it and the people who gave me gold is that one spent money on me and one didnt. 
They plan on attacking a WWE event?! I can't think of single place on earth that would have more people hoping for a chance to kill a fucking terrorist. Its like the most American event you can attend 
Edit: Many users have pointed out that NASCAR and gun shows are more American and yes, I realize it isn't a realistic scenario that anyone is gonna fight back or neutralize them, it's a joke lighten up
Fun fact: Sunday is Independence Day in Lebanon.
So the Falcons play at home on Sunday but they are going to hit WWE?  Either NFL security is way too good to beat and they picked a secondary target in Atlanta or this is complete bullshit.  The attacks couldn't possibly be coordinated simultaneous attacks if you hit Atlanta at night and once 4 cities are attacked by ISIS in the same day, I gotta imagine events will start to get cancelled in the United States if there's any small amount of intel that another attack could happen.

From the article:

&gt; when authorities do not take action, Anonymous does. 

I wonder how they can know if/when the authorities have taken action, and if these plans were actually real. Either way, if these were actual planned attacks, this just took an interesting turn. 
For those wanting to know, U.S. Target is WWE survivor series at Phillips arena in Atlanta on Sunday. CNN (based in Atlanta) would have a massive boner. Might turn Anderson straight.
&gt;rawstory.com

it amazes me that people are willing to disbelieve anything reported by the Daily Mail, but people are more than willing to eat up dross from websites like this.
Via Anon twitter 4 minutes ago 

&gt;We did not spread any rumours about possible future ISIS attacks, and frankly, we do not know where the rumours come from.
I'm guessing they've never been to a WWE event in Atlanta. They'll be shot on the street because Atlanta. 
didn't take ISIS long to figure out the concept of mis-information....
Eagles Of Death Metal.  Five Finger Death Punch.  I wonder if the "Death" part is just a coincidence?   
Why Indonesia? 
Usually, when such info leaks, nothing happens, because the local authorities probably have been aware of it for some time. 

Also, ISIS attacking Paris right now would be suicide, the army is patrolling the streets.
I didn't have a problem with them taking down resources.  I have a big problem with them evaluating threats and making them public with absolutely no experience whatsoever.

By releasing names of cities they will only be adding to the terror and making ISIS more effective or, worse, becoming a disinformation resource for ISIS.
People dont seem to realize that "Anonymous" is not an organization. It's a label. Anyone can claim to be a member of Anonymous, including ISIS supporters.

That's why this "information" is most likely complete bullshit.
The only thing we can do now is pray that our lord and savior...... JOHN CENA SAVES US THIS SUNDAY NIGHT AT THE SURVIVOR SERIES!!!!! 🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺

But in all seriousness fuck ISIS. 
Attacking the U.S. is like poking a sleeping bear made of angry bees... This will end with troops on the ground if Anonymous are correct.

Edit: I never said I was in support of putting troops on the ground. Stop assuming that I want that.
Anonymous: Hey FBI, Douche will be attacking these locations on Sunday. 

FBI: OK we'll put some agents there so we can catch the bastards, maybe get some information out of them. Don't broadcast that we have the locations. 

Anonymous: Hey world, locations! 

Douche: Well, guess we'll stay home and diddle kids. We can blow up some other target next week. 
What never stops amazing me about reddit comments on these types of articles is that so many people are under the impression law enforcement and national security agencies can't do their jobs.
I dont know about you guys but I would betray the fuck out of my squad for 50 million dollars. 
To put that in perspective the reward for info that led to the capture of Bin Laden was $25 million.
I am just imagining the gnarly Russian assassins this is going incentivize to go after the bombers. 
ISIS will turn them in for the money.
I need to reconsider my career choices. 
Bandar bin Sultan is the powerful member of house of Saud, the royal family which runs Saudi Arabia, overseeing and funding terrorist activities all over the world including Chechnya and Syria.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bandar_bin_Sultan

Where do I collect the money?
It's probably not even government money he's offering. Just some cash he forgot he had in his attic. 
[Just make sure they end up with the right guy](http://media.moddb.com/images/groups/1/3/2933/rabbit.jpg)
Fifty Million Dollars???

Who they think they got, Chelsea Clinton?
Something about Putin and Russia's tenacity is... both inspiring and scary.

Even with all the bad publicity he and the country gets, he seems to genuinely care. Even if it's in a weird, controlling dad kind of way.

EDIT: Punctuation is lost on me today.
US offers $5 million for IS leader. Russia responds by saying $50 million just for the airline bombers.

Kinda feels like the overall response to this crisis in a way. US supplies menial munitions to 'rebels', while Russia bombs the living hell out of ISIS.
Russia: $50 million for Egypt plane bomber

U.S: $5 million for leader of ISIS

*Obama, are you even trying?*

So have we already forgotten that Russian backed rebels shot down a plane full of European civilians last year?
The guy had HIV. Probably not the best control case.

Edit:  I'm just saying for those who don't read the article that this didn't just happen to some random person. He was already severely compromised. But it's definitely bizarre.

Edit 2:  AIDS, not HIV

Edit 3:  It just says HIV in the article so you can all stop yelling at me. And I know the difference.  Ten years of HIV without taking your medication and you are probably pretty sickly. Probably had AIDS but it doesn't say
This reads like an episode of House
Also the tapeworm itself had a tapeworm which also had cancer
Two of my three biggest fears coming together. Terrifying. 

Now just to hope I'm not about to plow into the side of a mountain in a commercial airliner while infected with a tapeworm with cancer. 
What kind of fucking lifestyle did this dude live? HIV, tapeworms?! His parasitic WORMS got sick from eating him.
&gt;Although the man's case is probably a rare one, the researchers noted that both tapeworms and HIV affect millions of people worldwide, "so there may be more cases that are unrecognized,"

Still sounds crazy. 
[deleted]
If the guy died, he pushed it past just "becoming sick". 
Cancer transmissible from parasite to human host, this is horror movie scary.
Dr House would be having a field day
Bro, it's my tapeworm... it... has cancer.
So i have some bad news and some worse news, which do you want first?
TIL tapeworms can get cancer. Fuck tapeworms and fuck cancer. May they both burn in hell
You know that you're just supposed to die when your diseases start getting diseases.
Madagascar has closed its boarders. 
There are actually people [who used tapeworms to diet.](http://zidbits.com/2011/04/can-you-lose-weight-by-eating-a-tapeworm/) You buy their eggs in a magazine and swallow them with water. 

The interesting thing is, in many cases (not all), it actually worked somewhat. It was a diet pill that did what it claimed. The problem is that the tapeworms rob you of key vitamins and stuff so you become deficient, and it would destroy your health in other areas. 

Or if the tapeworm finds its way to other parts of your body, like your brain, heart or liver, you die.
Metal.
So. Member of ISIS killed. Probably good?
So the Middle East/West Coast Rap Feud claims another victim
"....becoming involved with Millatu Ibrahim, a pro-Jihadi group in Germany founded by Mohamed Mahmoud, an Austrian jihadi...."


Jesus Austria, when will you stop getting Germany into trouble?!
Good. Let that be a lesson to anyone else who attempts to rap in German.
Well, this is what you get and what you deserve for joining ISIS.
Thanks USA. I went with him to School and he was a real dickhead. 
And nothing of value was lost.
Imam's spaghetti..
[removed]
Good riddance, scumbag!
I knew the guy personally. I have produced some tracks for him in 2007, and I was on very friendly terms with him, though he always had something in him that I found extreme, even before he converted. But at the same time, he could be extremely nice. It was always sunshine or thunderstorm. I know he had some psychological problems, maybe bipolar or borderline? Dunno, but he was in the psychiatry for some time. That's where he converted.

He kinda disappeared some time after that, and I never heard anything again from the guy. And although I know he got what he deserved for his extremist bullshit, part of me is sorry for his poor idiot ass. RIP, stupid motherfucker. 
Wait a second I thought music except hymns were forbidden in radical islam. How come someone with extremist views end up being a rapper?
Thats him:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KUmWMAGYtH4
"My mixtape is on fire."
I hope he saw his death coming and I hope he lost all his faith in that final moment.
/r/upliftingnews
I love a feel-good news story.
As a German, I say well done.
You joined a caliphate

To spread your hate

Dropped more rhymes 

On Saudi dime

You had mad cred

And were getting lots of head(s)

But now you're gone

And the caliphate moves on

Towards fatal attrition

At the hands of the coalition

...

Fuck ISIS

now hes in heaven with 72 redditors
Play stupid games, win stupid prizes.
What a loss.

I mean, I bet that missile was a really cool addition to the aircraft before it was used to take out the human garbage.
[removed]
He was spurred into joining those radicals after his career ended when he ~~failed because he had no talent~~ converted to Islam because Shahlala was calling him. 
[deleted]
Haha.
Huh, I didn't realize people were protesting in the streets against ISIS in ISIS held areas,

"In the meantime, dozens of people took to the street in Manbij to protest against ISIS atrocities. However, the group opened fire on the protesters, killing at least two and wounding several others. The rest of the protesters were arrested, said activists in Manbij. 

This is the third protest organized by the people of Manbij in two months, calling for the departure of the terror group from their city and denouncing its violations against civilians."
It's sad he had to take his own life, but I'm glad he put down some ISIS scum before he did. Wish more people were able to do so without putting themselves at risk.
Source ABNA24.con aka Ahlul Bayt News Agency, a Shia "news" site with zero credibility. 

some great "news" from the site:

Israel is blame for Paris attack - says Dutch politician! 

Imam Khomeini's philosophical character introduced in Senegal!

Over 200 Syrian children shot killed just in one minute by ISIS militants!
Good. 

I'm only saddened that he didn't take more ISIS douchebags with him. I'm also saddened to hear that the little protest they had against ISIS rule in that town was immediately squashed. That's how ISIS rolls, unfortunately. However, that'll come back to the bite them in the ass, hopefully with a lot more incidents like this.
Good. This is how ISIS will be beaten. Not by us denouncing them, not by bombing the place, but by the locals getting tired of their shit and slitting their throats in their sleep.
The biggest victims are those people, they don't have anyone or anything to protect their self. 
I always wonder with this type of news...

Who was the judge? (no name)
Who was the Syrian man? (no name)
Any sort of evidence? pictures of the protest? something?

I believe things are like shit in ISIS controled zoned, but this smells hard to propaganda everybody is eating with the mouth wide open.
The towns people have had it
ISIS's Islam is the same as the one preached in Saudi Arabia and in many mosques founded with SA's money all over the world, including in Western Europe.
Stopping this extreme state sponsored propaganda and allowing only religious teachings which complies with the existing democratic laws will help much more than the continuing the mantra "the root of the problem is neither immigration nor Islam."
Can someone explain how they know they were made in Turkey? I imagine there are other places to get a fake passport so unless they stamped "Made in Turkey" on the back I have a hard time understanding how they could possibly know where they came from.
Maybe hold off on the speculation.  Only one attacker has so far been identified and he was a French guy.  Remember the Egyptian passport found that turned out to belong to an injured bystander.  Go easy with the internet detectives and shitty sources.

Edit: now two more have been identified by authorities, neither of whom are Syrian refugees however. They are both French nationals who were living in Belgium. We don't know who the other five will turn out to be, but ludicrous speculation doesn't help any.
So people are either framing the refugees or they're not refugees at all. Sowing uncertainty and suspicion amongst the general populace.
Easy way to get into Europe - show a Syrian passport and claim to be a refugee.
Syrians passports are extremely easy to get a hold of. The Syrian Government pretty much set up shop in refugee camps and started selling them to anyone who has cash. You can basically walk in and pay with what ever cash you have, show a little paper work that says you are from Syria. Then walk out and start heading directly to Europe. It is that fast and easy. These are not fakes but legit passports. So are we really surprise that some members of ISIS have got their hands on them?

Edit#1 here for people asking for sources. [Syrian government relaxes rules for passports](http://america.aljazeera.com/articles/2015/4/27/syria-relaxes-passport-rules-lets-refugees-apply.html)

[Syria sells 10,000 passports in Jordan and around the world. 9/11/2015](http://www.express.co.uk/news/world/604394/Alarm-Syria-sells-10000-passports-few-questions-asked)


/r/titlegore
Is it common to keep your passport with you while you are terrorizing?  I usually leave mine at my hotel.
edit: it makes perfect sense to bring your passport with you. Stop upvoting me. 
Fellow Turkish redditor here,

Most of you probably already know that it is assumed that the our government is financially supporting ISIS. So it is quite possible that this might have "slipped by". And also there are known religious groups in Turkey that support ISIS. Althought they arent a lot, they could probably pull something like this off too.
Reminds me of the story about [Mossad agents who used fake Irish passports to enter Dubai and assassinate a Hamas official](http://www.rte.ie/news/2010/0218/127737-dubai/).

Actually the passports were not fake, they had real numbers belonging to real Irish people. 
where is the outrage over the huge lapse in French security during this whole event? Fake passports, terrorists on the 'watch list', catching a supposed terrorist 9 days before event. Big time intelligence failure.
I sometimes wonder if 'multicultural hope' is put at risk when one of the cultures involved is fuelled by a religiously-mandated belief in its supremacy over all other cultures?
Probbably 90% of /r/worldnews will ignore that and keep distracting from Daesh by pointing at refugees.
He replied: “I apologise for the fact that the intelligence we received was wrong. **I also apologise, by the way, for some of the mistakes in planning, and certainly, our mistake in our understanding of what would happen once you removed the regime.** But I find it hard to apologise for removing Saddam.”


History could have told him that much. Apparently the interview is part of a documentary coming out on Tuesday called Long Road To Hell: America In Iraq.
If only saying "I'm sorry" was a justifiable response to thousands of families ripped apart.
Blair is lying again. The intel WASN'T wrong. The intel said that Saddam didn't have any usable WMD's. The Intel was FIXED to fit the intended policy.

Blair is also lying about why the US &amp; Tony Blair wanted to invade Iraq. It wasn't because he was an "evil dictator" or to keep anyone "safe".

The Lies Still Being Told In The Media About The Invasion Of Iraq http://ian56.blogspot.com/2015/05/the-lies-still-being-told-in-media.html

War criminal.
So he and Bush got to fuck up the Middle East, killing hundreds of thousands of civilians and maiming thousands of soldiers and burning through like a trillion dollars, and a saying "sowwy" will be sufficient?
Every British soldier who died did so defending someone else's country, that's not acceptable.

Over a million people marched in London to tell him not to do it and he still went ahead. That's not acceptable.

We wasted billions of £ on absolutely nothing. That's not acceptable.

Obviously ISIS would not be a thing right now, obviously.

Fuck Blair. Fuck Bush
He should have to explain why he is sorry to the International Criminal Court. 
No worries Tony, apology accepted. Now please report to the ICC at the Hague.
&gt;"I apologise for the fact that the intelligence we received was wrong."

Ooooh I know this defense. It's the one every crook in politics uses: The "Y'know. Am not baaaad. Just one big retard" defense.

"Ow I can't tie my own shoes, how can I know a bunch of ridiculous satellite photos of trucks in B&amp;W waved by Colin Powell and that the world didn't buy don't make a good casus belli? We, leaders of two nuclear powers with global deployment capabilities that get in wars every few years, were scared of a semi-demilitarized country whose population was being starved by international sanctions so much, that we asked for UN mandate to kick that country back to the stone age, and when they didn't give us one, we did it anyway! And we didn't get sanctioned because we control the world economy and have seats in the UNSC! And I know, the inquiry into if he was making nukes that we forced said he wasn't making nukes, but we were totally duped by a Jordanian taxi driver into believing he did! We believed nuclear holocaust was pending! The fact he just switched the second largest oil reserves in the world to euros did not have a thing to do with that!"

Accept your responsibility and pay for your crimes, douchebag.
Forcing a nation into a war of aggression that nobody wanted through lies and deception, killing those who oppose you at home along with scores of civilans abroad is called a mistake now?
Sorry about all the death and destruction. Yeah and Isis... 
Detention WITHOUT TRIAL is a hallmark of an authoritarian regime.
Good luck to this man in obtaining justice in UK courts. The detainees sure didn't get much help from the Obama administration.
Whatever happened to Obama closing Guantanamo?
'A man'  
  
Shaker Aamer. It seems odd not to have his name in the title. 
If I had been imprisoned and tortured for years for no reason, I'd probably dedicate my life thereafter on going Liam Neeson on whoever did that to me.
the EU court of human right might want to hear about that.
Imprisoned for 14 years without trial...

If he wasn't a terrorist when he went in, I wouldn't blame him for being one now.
Poor guy, the western world looks at the Middle East down the length of our noses like they are so barbaric but the fact is that what happens in Guntanimo bay is right up there in terms of shitty human rights.  
Don't worry, Dubya.  Obama's got your back.  You are two peas in a pod.
Just fyi, Shaker Aamer was captured leading a group of Taliban fighters near Tora Bora in Afghanistan. He was a foreign fighter operating on behalf of Al Qaeda when the Americans invaded. 
&gt;One Kobe resident in her thirties, who prefers not to be named saying anything related to the Yamaguchi-gumi, tells The Daily Beast she remembers her international school classmates paying Halloween visits to the headquarters even 20 years ago. She says that the first time her classmates went shouting “trick or treat,” the hapless yakuza who answered the doorbell was utterly befuddled. After trying to figure out what to do, he ended up giving each of the children 1000-yen bills ($10) and told them to go away.

&gt;And thus, perhaps, a tradition began.

this is actually adorable...
That article is more TIL than a lot of TIL posts are. I learned at least 5 or 6 new things about Japan while reading that.
I'm speaking based on like second/third hand information, but this war is basically happening because someone broke off from a Yakuza gang because he doesn't agree with how they do things. One side wants to sell drugs and stuff in Tokyo while another doesn't want to sell "to their own people" or something like that.

I think it's basically old school vs new school. this possible gang war has been on the horizon for months now. We're talking about top Yakuza leaders ready to go at it because they can't agree on how to be criminals.
The difference between street thugs and organized criminals is that the latter knows how to manipulate public opinion.
 This is purely a political move it seems, and its pretty genius. They are not trying to prevent violence so much as force their opponent to move while getting the public on their side. Unless of course they plan a halloween massacre, which would be some samurai shit.
This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2015/10/25/japan-s-yakuza-cancels-halloween.html) reduced by 85%. (I'm a bot)
*****
&gt; One Kobe resident in her thirties, who prefers not to be named saying anything related to the Yamaguchi-gumi, tells The Daily Beast she remembers her international school classmates paying Halloween visits to the headquarters even 20 years ago.

&gt; There was no official response from the Yamaguchi-gumi on why this year&amp;#039;s festivities had been cancelled, but a low-ranking underboss told The Daily Beast over the phone that, &amp;quot;Trouble is brewing with the breakaway faction, the so-called &amp;#039;Kobe Yamaguchi-gumi,&amp;#039; and we don&amp;#039;t want to take a chance that some innocent child is embroiled in violence. That would be unforgivable."

&gt; Atsushi Mizoguchi, Japan&amp;#039;s foremost expert on the Yamaguchi-gumi, said that he believed the Yamaguchi-gumi split would result in all yakuza losing power and might herald the end of the yakuza themselves.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/3q4zec/japans_yakuza_cancels_halloween_on_halloween/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ "Version 1.6, ~9057 tl;drs so far.") | [Theory](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept/) | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr "PMs and comment replies are read by the bot admin, constructive feedback is welcome.") | *Top* *five* *keywords*: **Yamaguchi-gumi**^#1 **year**^#2 **Kobe**^#3 **event**^#4 **children**^#5
I still am so confused about the relationship between the Yakuza and the people of Japan. They're "organized crime" but then you hear stories of how people love them. 

If an organized crime group held a children's event near where I lived, I wouldn't send my children there. So what is it about these guys that citizens seem so at peace with them?

On the flip side, if I were an organized crime leader, I would be committing organized crime. I wouldn't be this nice.

Then again, that's probably why they've been in business this long.

EDIT: Can anybody recommend good movies/books on this topic? Preferably true stories.
Slightly misleading title. One group of Yakuza are cancelling their own personal Halloween tradition, but the rest of the country is unaffected.
I love how socially conscious these guys are.
That has to be the coolest day, to go up to gangsters and extort them for candy. 
I guess it's good that they're taking steps to cut down on civilian casualties.
Hmm, when I was younger I lived in japan before being adopted into the US, I lived in a smaller village and my parents used to hide me, saying I was at school, or in the cities so that they would not put pressure on my parents to sell me, and it eventually got to the point where money was so tight they were going to sell me to them, it never happened but it warms my heart that you all put them into such a positive light, you fucking weeaboo scum bags.

Seriously, how fucking dumb can you be do you find it funny? or are you all this fucking misguided. 
What I've seen so far:

Omar Ismail Mostefai: was a known radical and is believed to have trained with Isil inside Syria last year

Bilal Hadfi: He fought with Islamic State in Syria as recently as this spring, using the names Abu Moudjahid Al-Belgiki and Bilal Al Mouhajir.

Samy Amimour: French police issued an international arrest warrant the following year, after he went missing and was suspected of having traveled to Syria to join Islamic State.

Abdel Hamid Abaaoud: He is believed to have been in Raqqa in April/June 2014, then Tabka, Deir ez Zor and finally Kobani.

Intelligence agencies say some evidence shows they trained for the attack in Syria. All these people have EU passports. All these people were in Syria months before the attack. All these people were on some kind of watch list. How did they get back to EU?

http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/france/11996120/Paris-attack-what-we-know-about-the-suspects.html
&gt;Just 10-20 per cent of EU citizens have their passports checked against a database designed to catch foreign fighters returning from Syria and Iraq, the paper claimed. 

THA FUCK? Is it just me, or did we all assume every ID was run against "the list".
Doesn't that mean that the problem is a lot worse than we think it is?
I don't understand these straw man arguments from both sides.  This is getting ridiculous. 

It's not that either A)  refugees will cause terrorist attacks because they were involved in the terrorist attacks as the extreme right claims,  but it's also not B)  that no refugee was involved on the terrorist attacks so no refugee is a threat as the extreme left claims. 

Life isn't black and white,  its murky grey.  I'm an immigrant,  so I'm not xenophobic or racist but there is a legitimate concern that  Daesh terrorists will infiltrate within the refugee ranks to commit terror within the western world.  The head of the FBI has already stated that there's no way to vet all the refugees to ensure that no terrorists are entering with the refugees. 

My point is,  that we shouldn't be playing political football with these straw man arguments of 'was a terrorist a refugee?'  It honestly doesn't matter.  We should  be addressing the elephant in the room; how do we vet refugees to ensure the safety of the native population whilst doing the our best to support families fleeing their own terror?  

The moment we start asking and trying to answer that question the better.  I'm sick and tired of both sides; they are either completely demonizing all refugees or completely white washing them..  Neither is right. 

The fact of the matter is that these refugees unfortunately come from a war torn part of the world that has a history of committing  acts of war on innocent civilians,  this isn't the same as accepting Vietnamese or Korean  refugees who have no history of attacking innocent people.  It's a legitimate concern that has to be addressed.  The most concerning aspect of the refugee crisis is that, if we are talking  about potential 'sleeper'  terrorists within the refugee ranks,  then Daesh are already discussing it too.

Edit: words. 
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/11/16/us-france-shooting-bomber-greece-idUSKCN0T50U420151116

Except for that one guy who's fingerprints match a refugee entering Greece a few months ago.
[deleted]
The journalist is deliberately being disingenuous.

It has already been established that one of the terrorists that blew himself up [entered Europe posing as a refugee](http://www.wsj.com/articles/paris-stadium-attacker-entered-europe-via-greece-1447698583), and [others have tried to follow suit](http://news.yahoo.com/turkey-detains-8-europe-bound-suspects-posing-refugees-112604479.html).

I support continuing to take refugees, but let's stick to reporting the facts shall we.
So now instead of not wanting refugees we'll not want people who have been here for years.
That makes the terrorist threat that much worse.
It's frightening that people are celebrating it like it's a victory.
What about economic reasons for not taking in refugees? All conservatives talk about is terrorism and all liberals talk about is racism. I'm just hoping for a zombie apocalypse. 
In my opinion its more worrisome that people who are within western countries are becoming radicalized and committing terror attacks.  If they came from Syria you could say that it is a regional issue in the middle east, but this just shows that people growing up in Muslim communities inside Europe can become radicalized.  Islam doesnt fit in the West
Bet all 8 of them were Islamic though!
Speaking as a Brit, please take Anjem Choudary with you. 

He's a fucking asshole, who preaches for Islamist terrorism. 

[This is him converting an 11 year-old boy. Where are his parents?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-kbmT_Ln4kw)

Investigate the Saudi influence that was behind importing Wahabist preachers and the Saudi Money that paid for the mosques and so influenced traditional Islamic toleration to become like Saudi's ideological extremism. A thirty year process that is now bearing its terrible harvest in the West but has already had devastating effects from Sudans civil war in the 80's to the situation right now in Yemen.
Great move. I as a Canadian Muslim can say that there are some really bigoted mosques around here and they need to be taken care of. 

A friend of mine explained to me that the imam of the mosque he went to banned the wearing of poppies on remembrance day because Canadian soldiers spilled the blood of their Muslim brothers or some bullshit like that. 

Not all mosques are the same though, the one I go to for example gives out poppies and helps the Royal Canadian legion with donations themselves, so there are always two sides of the coin on this. 

Tldr; great move to tackle some shitty mosques spewing nothing but irrationality. 

Edit: Appreciate the kind words everybody. I felt like I haven't had some nice and sophisticated conversations on reddit in a while :) 
I'll just put a bit of context here if anyone wants to bother.

The french government and religion have had a complicated story during the 19th century, which resulted in 1905 in the complete separation of church and state. Not a single cent of taxpayer money goes to any religious organization, and churches can preach whatever they want, provided they respect the law. It is kind of a given that established religions respect the laws, so there isn't much surveillance done in that regard. There is however a very strict surveillance of cults (by an organism called miviludes) to make sure they aren't putting anyone in danger or doing anything illegal.

Our laws concerning free speech are a bit different than in the US. To copy wikipedia : France prohibits by its penal code and by its press laws public and private communication which is defamatory or insulting, or which incites discrimination, hatred, or violence against a person or a group of persons on account of place of origin, ethnicity or lack thereof, nationality, race, specific religion, sex, sexual orientation, or handicap. The law prohibits declarations that justify or deny crimes against humanity, for example, the Holocaust.



Wether you find those laws justified or not is another debate (though I personally think freedom is not as easily quantifiable as american media make it look like and sometimes less is more). The point is to not give islam the free pass it had, because clearly there are problematic cases. This is not a restriction of anyones liberty, this is not a modification of the laws, and there is no slippery slope. This is just us doing a better job at making people follow the law.
Did America do anything similar to this after 9/11?
In Europe, this has been considered racist and Islamophobic. When this happens in Muslim countries as it has, it's, you know...just let them do what they gotta do. And so on. 
There are a lot of people in this thread calling for surveillance and the rights of innocent people to be taken away.

That's pretty frightening considering here in the west we are fighting to keep all of our rights.

If they did monitor every mosques with cameras and a mic, what's to stop them from doing that to every other person.
Why not shut down any house of worship where hate is preached?
Like so many other people, you have to wonder why it's taken us this long to shut down centres that are actively preaching hate against their host countries - Why does it have to take a 120 deaths to realise pragmatism is just that, and not racism?
This is a frightening prospect quite frankly. When this becomes status quo who will decide what is hate? 
[removed]
What next are you going to send spies every time a preacher open his mouth? This is what the Chinese do in Xinjiang, and it didn't stop attacks. It does make the majority of French people feel good. 

I lived in Indonesia during the Suharto era, where the government did exactly this.  They sent army intelligence to mosques to monitor sermons, if preachers said things they didn't like, they would take them away for "interrogation" ie torture. What end up happening, Suharto drove many of the extremist to Malaysia and the Philippines.

At the end of the day to deal with Islam, France will have to setup a bureaucracy to manage it. Albania has a Committee on Cults, which manages religious affairs. You have to start collecting data, publishing it.  France can't stick its head in the sand and continue with the stupid policy of "We are all French, there is no discrimination in France"



  
It's about time.
As a Muslim, if they have concrete proof that the mosque is preaching hate speech, then they deserve to be shut down. I just want to know that measures will be put in place so that xenophobes can't take advantage of the law. 
Good to see France doing what needs to be done, even if the radical left will scream "racist" until their throats bleed.
[removed]
Sky news saying they released hostages who were able to recite passages of the Qu'ran 
170 hostages!

http://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/gunmen-take-170-hostage-radisson-hotel-bamako-mali-n466831
[Reuters: Security source says around 10 gunmen are believed to have attacked Radisson Blu Hotel in #Bamako &amp; thought to be holding hostages](https://twitter.com/SkyNewsBreak/status/667636891743887361)
Holy shit. Not 2 attackers, 10.
https://twitter.com/SkyNewsBreak/status/667636891743887361
This is the hotel where the AirFrance pilots are staying.
Gunmen released hostages who could recite passages from the quran
Supposedly a group of chinese tourists in the hotel. Shits about to get real with the EU, China, USA, and Russia all sharing a common enemy. 
They're on the 7th floor where the Air France crew's rooms are.
[removed]
FFS Can we just have 1 day where there isn't some fucktards shooting people up?
So basically every two days there's a major terrorist attack
[Perhaps relevant....](http://www.thetimes.co.uk/tto/irishnews/article4619078.ece)	

Irish troops were set to be sent to Africa to free up French troops needed to combat ISIS. 
I honestly can't comprehend how these people can do this to other human beings, all these hostages have family and friends going through hell right now because of them. All of this for a fucking ancient book.

All this shit keeps happening more and more frequently and I can't see it ending in any good way.
| BREAKING: Supporters of al-Qaeda-affiliated group claim responsibility for attack in Mali: Twitter posting
-Reuters Live, Cassandra Garrison /u/antihexe

Great. Now it seems likeal-Qaeda and Daesh are starting a 'Who's the better terrorist'-competition. Fuck me.
I hope this shit doesn't spill over to where I live now as an American. I'm living in Mindanao Philippines which has a large Muslim population. There was just a bomb that exploded in a van at our local mall a few days ago. 
Damnit, this is going to be bad. If we want combat these people, we have to lose the 'BOMB THEM' hysteria and demand answers as to where their funding and arms are coming from. Whose buying their oil, what banks are they using, how are they transferring funds? No more faux bullshit.
It fucks me off that these bellends never target anyone who can fight back.
[deleted]
I miss the days when "shots fired" just made me think that people were having a go at each other 
This type of terrorism is to send a message to the world: Convert to Islam or die. Fear is their tools to get nonbelievers to memorize the parts of Quran. As soon as people see this in the news and start pulling out Quran verses to study, they have won.
[removed]
"There is no global pattern of jihadi terrorism." - entire internet just a week ago. 
UN counts 27 bodies as hostage situation ends

Edit: There is a very clear theme: radical Islam is using violence to kill people. Their goal is to eradicate Western values and impose their version of Islamic Law. This attack appears to involve remnants of Al-Qaeda, the Paris attacks involved ISIS, but the underlying motivation is the same: Radical Islam.

We must have the courage to call out the people who kill in the name of their religion. When will our leaders have the courage to do that? How many innocent lives will be sacrificed before they have the courage to stand up to evil?

[removed]
So much for reddit being "the front page of the internet." I wonder when they'll actually start displaying breaking news properly again. I heard this story break first on TV -- meanwhile reddit's FP consists of memes, video games, and a vigorous Bernie Sanders circlejerk. This post has gotten 400 upvotes in under 20 minutes and it's nowhere to be seen...
im getting sick of these fucking muslim murdering everyone
Can't wait for that fucking "terrorismhasnoreligion" hashtag to start trending after this while white people on twitter post things like "1.5 billion Muslims are condemning this right now!!". 
The sheer naivety and ignorance would make you laugh if it wasn't so dangerous.
[removed]
[removed]
&gt; allegedly “attempting to smuggle about **two tons** of Captagon pills and some cocaine,”

Holy smoke!
Saudi princes are working around the clock these days to cement all stereotypes of Saudi princes.
He'll be playing the diplomatic immunity card in about 5 minutes.
It seems like Captagon is a very popular drug in the Middle East, although its odd that he was caught smuggling it from or through Beirut to Riyadh, since the wikipedia article notes its often cheaply made locally through a simple process. 

If its intended for use by ISIS though, this could have other ramifications. As a stimulant on multiple levels I can see this being popular with people who have to remain alert at all times.
http://i.imgur.com/t7gnCe4.jpg
Saudi Princes exist to let rich people know what it's like to live next door to a fucking crack house.
Pretty sure many have been beheaded for much less in the kingdom.  Sauds are such fucking cunts.
They should know follow their law and publicly behead him and leave his body crusified on square(yeah they actually do this)
Sometimes I wonder if "Saudi Prince" are the middle east version of "Florida Man"
"This is just the beginning... The response of the Republic will be         total... The terrorists will never destroy the Republic, because it is the Republic that will destroy them. " - I swear you could put this line straight into a movie 
This makes sense, since every time there's an attack similar to this one in France, they always say that the suspect was already known by the police as being part of radical Islamic groups.


I understand there's been bombs strapped to terrorist's chests, but my heart stopped for a second at "rocket launcher"
In city of millions, going through 150 houses and finding a rocket launcher is either extremely effective profiling or super fucking scary, either way they're doing it right. 
Civil liberties! Police state! Police brutality! A rocket launcher! oh ok 
Well if a rocket launcher has been found then I'd say it's working
"This is just the beginning... The response of the Republic will be total... The terrorists will never destroy the Republic, because it is the Republic that will destroy them. "

Sounds like a quote from a star wars movie.. 
This is huge, and great news - it is time to dismantle the terrorist cells present on our territory. Also the intel gathered will be worth gold.

Honestly, I think this is a biggest blow to Daesh's influence than airstrikes. Go France.
The question is, will they be able to relinquish that power after the threat has passed?  
We've seen this story before.
Reddit hates invasion of privacy, warrant-less searches and big brother... until it actually matters and it isn't just empty platitudes. Then fuck your civil rights we will sacrifice all the liberty for the feeling of security.
Having random stop-and-identify checkpoints for a while might not be a bad way to address the migrant issues and ensure that everyone is registered.
bbc is reporting that one of the paris attackers passed through greece with migrants a few months ago.  if there's no way to differentiate between the people actually trying to escape war, and the people actually trying to bring war into europe - what are these countries supposed to do?  cross their fingers?  their obligation is, first and foremost, to the security of their citizens, not foreign migrants.
I believe a cultural integration program should be held.

1. learn the language. young and didn't learn? bye bye.

2. kids must enter school with majority cultural natives. doesn't want? bye bye.

3. migrants must be spread out throuout the country, with a specific ration as to avoid guettos and culturally divergent communities. doesn't want? bye bye. 

4. think this is unfair and want to live as you did before? fine, go live where you lived before. can't? then accept the demands.
Greece has confirmed that one of the terrorists involved in last night's massacre is indeed a Syrian refugee. He was registered on Leros island in October. It is foolish to think that among the millions of Muslim migrants, most of whom are young men, there would be no jihadist recruits. 
We have family friends in northern Sweden (a good 600km away North from Stockholm). The wife is not Swedish as well as her son, and the husband is local. The town is tiny, friendly and safe like no other place I've seen so far.

They have refugees there. The refugees refused to eat what the centre provided, stating it is not what they 'can' (presumably because of religious beliefs) eat. So now Swedes are importing expensive foods for the refugees, most of which even the locals wouldn't afford on a daily basis. The wife, since she's much more sceptical and has a different upbringing, clearly said that the refugees were taking advantage of unsuspecting Swedes, knowingly doing this?

I know they run to save themselves and their families. But really, how far are they going to go with their demands? Soon you'll see laws changing to accommodate their beliefs.

I never thought this day would come as to me referring to Putin's words, but he was right when he said: the refugees who come to Russia need Russia. Russia doesn't need them. When they come to Russia, they should obey the laws of Russia. If they want Shaari (pardon my spelling) laws, they should go to the countries where that is the state law. If they come to Russia, they will have to speak Russian.

(If I'll dig up the exact quote, I'll  edit this. But i think you got the message.)

Edit: a comment from /u/bohred1 in a reply to this had a few articles:

http://www.expressen.se/nyheter/migranter-vagrar-lamna-en-buss/

http://www.dt.se/dalarna/ludvika/asylsokande-vagrar-lamna-bussen-i-fredriksberg

http://www.expressen.se/kvallsposten/asylsokande-vagrar-att-lamna-bussen/
"This [multicultural] approach has failed, utterly failed"

*Angela Merkel*
*Potsdam, 16 October 2010 *
I'm from Poland and immigrants don't give a shit about us. They are passing trough to Germany, France and UK. Poland is just a pit-stop. 

We are too poor to support our citizens so immigrants get almost nothing from us (just enough to survive). 

It's one reason on the short list of positive things about polish politics. 
On one hand I know these people are running from war, fleeing to provide a better future for their families. On the other hand I wonder how many terrorists are disgusied within the refugee groups, using the refugee crisis in europe as means of undetected passage.

With Poland not accepting migrants, more EU countries will follow suit. I 100% fully respect and support the decision of Poland and any country willing to do so, however, how will this impact on migrants and their choices? Their final gateway to hope will end up with a door slammed shut, leaving the only option to return home. IS will use this opportunity to further brainwash the migrants and add to their numbers. The situation at hand is completely fucked, whichever way you choose to view it.

EDIT: A word. 

EDIT 2: I am aware there are many homegrown terrorists carrying out the attacks and more waiting on orders to act. But still, I do not doubt for a second that IS is seizing the opportunity of migrants fleeing in order to station more terrorists around the EU. 
The member nations of the European Union have an obligation to their own citizens above all else. The unhindered flow of refugees into these countries is of far greater benefit to the refugees than it is to the citizenry. Are they prepared to assimilate such that in a generation they become indistinguishable in their values from native citizens? If not, then the leaders of the European nations are perpetrating well-intentioned treason against the very people from which they derive their power. This is a dangerously naive policy that will reverberate for generations if not stemmed soon. Full stop.  
  
edit: removed a letter.
Migrants are already getting pissed that they aren't receiving the housing and accommodations they are promised by the smugglers. They expect middle class arraignments not a simple safe haven from a war torn country.  As soon as they get disenfranchised they will become terrorists. I understand you think you are a good person for wanting to help "refugees" but our cultures do not mix well and it is a bad idea to take in hundreds of thousands of people who already think you owe them something.  
Germany against the rest of the EU. 
Every country have its right to protect its own safety.
[removed]
Saudi Arabia taking in zero refugees but offers to build hundreds of mosques in Germany, how generous.
The Polish government is doing what it should. Protect the safety and security of their own citizens and look out for their own people first.
To be honest most likely the terrorists will turn out to be second generation or even third generation born in France. I actually agree with the Poles for other reasons but France has had a homegrown terrorist threat for quite a while.
Poland's already accepted a fuckton of Ukrainian refugees earlier this year. Fuck Merkel for strongarming the rest of EU into dealing with her mess. http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/may/13/ukraines-refugees-find-solace-in-poland-europes-most-homogenous-society
This reads like a *Papers, Please* headline
It's 30x cheaper to provide aid and shelter to a single refugee in neighboring countries than to import and care for them in Western Europe. It's ironic that the do-gooders are actually helping less people with their policy of open borders in Europe.
For having a fairly liberal fanbase, Reddit sure gets conservative *real* quick when shit like this goes down
Intelligent decision. Stay strong Polska, don't be bullied by Merkel. Many people are with you on this.
Wasn't one of the goals of the attacks likely to get European countries to stop taking in immigrants? It just seems like this might make groups like ISIS feel like these attacks are effective at accomplishing their goals. 
im 100% behind eastern europe countries not accepting imigrants if they choose to do so

if you could save 100k of them,its not worth it even if only one of them turns to violence of this scale...nobody should be forced to deal with this shit just because germany desperately wants to erase the image of hitler

in times like these being humanitarian can get you killed,its unfortunate but its true


Good job Poland, finally a country with common sense.
[removed]
Good on Poland at least they aren't sheep going out of their way to say look how "tolerant and definitely NOT Racist" we are.  Like most other European countries.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Well a Syrian passport was found on one of the bombers at the soccer game (reported by CNN this morning).  Connect the dots.
[removed]
They're not socialist, they're a market economy with high taxes and a strong safety net
[deleted]
The "Nordic model" (or *social democracy*) is essentially applying socialist principles to a market economy. He's not *completely* wrong, but there is certainly a pervasive element of socialism in the Nordic model which you simply won't find in the US.

Bernie Sanders uses the word socialism because it's a lot more impact than "a market economy with socialist principles". 
Americans think Canada is a socialist economy.   


"We the people should only pay for bailing out banks and big corporations, wars and *coup d'état's*, the minute any of our tax money is spent on my health or community we get out the pitch forks and call it communism!"  
As a Dane, I can say that our current prime minister does **not** singlehandedly represent Denmark. Up until July, the Social Democrats were in power. Lars Løkke (prime minister) is the head of our largest liberal party. 

They are against accepting more refugees, want to lower tax for the richer, and have just recently decided to cut government spending on education.

For me, it feels like Denmark has been going down the shitter ever since our xenophobic nationalistic Dansk Folkeparti have gained traction in the late 90s. These right-wing parties can not speak for the whole country, and they are not the reason Denmark generally does much better than most countries. 

Edit: obligatory 'this blew up!' Just like all those damn muslim terrorists invading our country. /s
yeah too many people associate somewhat socialistic ideals with socialism as an economic system. Truth is, universal healthcare is no more socialistic than the idea of a public road system.

Bernie Sanders is not a socialist. Europe is not full of socialists.
The Danish and nordic welfare model is based on social-democratic values and principles. And Lars Løkke is a twat.
Marx considered democracy a stepping stone to actual socialism, but he would not have considered a welfare state by itself to be socialist, since the ruling classes still own the means of production.
The most successful con ever has been the ability to convince America's poor that socialism is a bad thing.
Counter-terrorism should indeed be a global effort. 
China's in y'all.  Who else?
This is still an ongoing terrorist attack, and yet world leaders are chiming in with offers of help.

So even though it sucks big time when horrible mass-murder events such as these take place, the feeling of brotherhood that people in various countries all across the world feel for each other immediately afterwards is calming.

Silver linings, you know?
Shanghai tonight

http://imgur.com/qjydtuQ
Que last time when hundreds of people died in Urumqi in large scale terrorism, French and other western government condemned China for 'surpressing minorities', and expressed regret when terrorist leaders were executed.

I hope France wake up this time. 
Meanwhile under the French embassy's Weibo(chinese twitter) people are spamming mockery towards French by saying the state should have trialed the freedom fighters before executing them, "I express my condolences to the innocent but the french government need to improve human rights and stop oppressing minorities" etc.

These are the words used against China from some western medias in previous Muslim attacks in China. So they are just rejoiced and call it Karma.
They have their own Uighur terrorist problems. Don't forget the extremists that killed hundreds of their own. They need to collaborate with France to stop these terrorists. It's good when countries come together in the name of counter-terrorism.
I would like nothing more than the full force of all the Western powers, plus the EU, plus Russia, plus China and other Asian nations all in one huge show of force show these fucking cowards what's up. I really do believe the world is genuinely pissed off together. We have our bitching matches with China and Russia, but this can be something to have common ground and common enemy. At least with Al Qaeda, they were very specific in targets. These ISIS fuckers just want to spill blood. We need to go in with our full military might of all our nations and show them what real shock and awe is. Vive la France, Vive la liberté!
You probably read too much into it. What he said is "fight terrorism together with the rest of the world communities to ensure security for the people". Just diplomatic language, no hint on "combat". China of course wants a better relationship with France. But sending Chinese military to Syria will be considered a big help to Russia. 

So unless France specifically asks for help, I guess China will be watching without actually doing anything.

Some people really want to see China join the fights so we can see WW3 later. The fact is Chinese military lacks actual combat experience. They have some new hardware but never used them. Also, a Chinese military intervention won't happen without UN authorization.

China is not going to get militarily involved with ISIS whatsoever. The extent that they will help is sharing intelligence.
People, read the article.

&gt;I provided examples based on our data on the financing of different Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL) units by **private individuals**.

He's saying there's evidence that **private** individuals from 40 countries, including G20 members, are funding ISIS. Not the governments themselves. 
This is being misinterpreted by most commenters - please read the article!!

 Putin is talking about private individuals financing ISIS, not states. It should be obvious to anyone that ISIS is financed from Islamists residing in many countries - possibly including France, the UK, Germany, The Netherlands, Belgium, Russia and other nations. It is also obvious that a lot of that money must transit through money-laundering-states like Luxembourg or Switzerland. None of this is real news, although it would be useful if the individuals could be identified.

Now if it could be proven that states (not individuals), e.g. Saudi Arabia or Turkey, are financing ISIS, this would be big news with major geopolitical consequences.
Why on earth doesn't the US do something to curb the funding of ISIS by wealthy citizens of Saudi Arabia, Qatar and Turkey?
&gt;*The motorcade of refueling vehicles stretched for dozens of kilometers, so that from a height of 4,000 to 5,000 meters they stretch beyond the horizon.* Putin added, comparing the convoy to gas and oil pipeline systems.

Trucks filled with oil shouldn't be too hard to destroy, sounds like a ripe and easy target.
Never thought I'd say this but I'm really liking Putin right now.  This is the type of straight forward discussion and decision making that the world needs.  

EDIT: For all of those who keep taking this post super seriously and as some sort of general support for Putin, get over yourselves and take a deep breath.  It doesn't matter how you feel about him or even if you think he has ulterior motives.  This post is not meant to be anything more than it is.  Relax.  Go see a movie.

EDIT: For all of the upvoters, thank you.  Glad to see calmer minds can prevail.  
He's right.

- The House of Saud is practically directly funding them.

- Turkey is literally shipping weapons to them, categorically denying it when they were caught doing so, and prosecuting the journalists who openly called them out for it.
[removed]
Putin is the only one world leader who can reveal information like this without fear and that is what makes him the most powerful man in the world.
Turkey funds them.
It's... curious... that Putin has to show Obama/U.S. what ISIS is doing.  We have ample capability to get the same satellite imagery, or UAV images.  Is the U.S. military / intel incompetent, deliberately not bothering, hiding, or is the U.S. government ignoring?  We could spot a terrorist leaving a house in Iraq, but we don't know ISIS is hauling oil in such numbers?  Something is not right.
 
I hate to agree with Putin, but...
Government just released this statement according to our National News website


We recommend to the population to take the following measures:

* Avoid places with a high concentration of people: concerts and big events, stations and airports, public transport, busy shopping streets

* Respect security checks

* Do not spread rumors, Only information from the government or police services.

post in /r/belgium https://i.imgur.com/CFcezz9.jpg
From the US embassy in Belgium's website. Apologies if folks have already realized this.

&gt;The U.S. Embassy in Brussels informs U.S. citizens that the Renaissance Hotel on Rue du Parnasse 19 has been evacuated due to a suspicious vehicle.  The U.S. Embassy recommends all U.S. citizens to avoid the area until further notice.

http://belgium.usembassy.gov/security_messages.html

edit: /u/rckchlkjhwk posits that this was from earlier on Friday, though I didn't see anything this specific mentioned in articles I read.
I mean what does it take for a country to raise its terror threat to imminent? They have information of a terror attack that could happen or what? 
American here in Brussels. Just flew in tonight. Cab dropped us off near our accommodations and there were police and military with machine guns all along the main drag. Still went out for a walk and dinner without incident. In fact, the city seemed fine/normal. Lots of people out partying/having fun. It was reassuring! Sirens woke us up a hour ago -- 7 or so police cars all in a row, going away in a hurry. Street lights went out a half hour later then came back on a minute later. Staying indoors tomorrow (ugh) and seeing what's what. Happy to update as I see/hear things. 
**12:35**The mayor of Molenbeek Françoise Schepmans (MR) sends troops to the supermarkets in its municipality. According to the French-language public broadcaster RTBF there are soldiers sent to the supermarket Carrefour, Delhaize, Aldi and Lidl in the neighborhood around the Gentsesteenweg.
The mayor of Brussels encourages the managers of stores to close their case. Yvan Mayeur directed his question to the owners of affairs in the Pentagon, on the Elsensesteenweg, the Porte de Namur and Louise district.

**12:18:** in the busiest shopping street in Brussels close to the shops one by one the doors. Reported RTBF. Previously Mediamarkt al continued increasing, but now also the other stores next.
Source https://twitter.com/fthevissen/status/668014116305547264/photo/1?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw

**11:52 HLN reports:**The match Lokeren Anderlecht is still canceled tonight. The Pro League said in a tweet.
Earlier, let Pro League know that all scheduled matches in the sixteenth match day in the top class football just go ahead despite the increased terror threat.
In government circles, people already "not amused" about the refusal to cancel the match day in football.

**11:40 Het Nieuwsblad reports:** Friday investigators have new raids held in Molenbeek. In addition, various weapons were found. It also spoke of explosives and chemical products. According to RTBF was a "key figure" was arrested in the investigation into the attacks in Paris.

Source: (dutch) : http://www.nieuwsblad.be/cnt/dmf20151121_01982595

**11:25h HLN news reports:** Raising the threat level four in the Brussels Region, according to some French-language news sites to do with a search of Molenbeek, which were last night a large quantity of weapons and explosives were found. The security forces were last night around 23h invaded in a building on the corner of Vierwindenstraat and Isidore Teirlinckstraat. It is not known whether arrests were made.

**10:42 HLN reports:**Prime Minister Michel announced four measures as a result of the increased threat level.

As potential targets cited the premier shopping centers, public transport and major events.

The terrorist threat has decided to:

1. The number of major events to push back.

2. The Brussels metro to stop until Sunday afternoon, there would be a new evaluation come from OCAD, the organ of the terrorist threat.

3. Increasing the capacity of police and soldiers, particularly in Brussels.

4. commissioning of a special number (1771) on the crisis center for those with questions.
[deleted]
It's good that they make these threats very public and broadcast it everywhere. I think if would be terrorists see that people know something is coming they might call off immediate plans, giving security forces more time to find/stop them. 
Wow. They must be fairly certain something big is about to happen.
I had a plan to go to Brussels next week. Guess I'll be stuck at home, drinking beer, watching football and learning how to cook lasagna.
Meanwhile the syrian alert level is still cloudy with a chance of russia
One time, at a KU Leuven computer lab, I met a (former) Chechen rebel. He cooked a mean navy macaroni.
My only fear is some shitty chemical/bio weapon being used
Bring Me the Horizon and FIDLAR have shows in Brussels tomorrow night. FIDLAR's a SoCal rock band,much like Eagles of Death Metal. Bring Me the Horizon is a British rock band.

If I had tickets to either of those shows, I would just skip it TBH.
What's going on with the world? 

Edit: missing punctuation.
I'm an American that was just in Brussels for a few days in August as part of my European vacation. 

This. Fucking. Sucks. 

Fuck terrorism. The Belgians were super nice people and I had ~~a fucking blast~~ an amazing time in their country. 

I seriously miss Belgium. I think if it everyday. I wish I was at Rock Classic or Delirium right now. 

EDIT: I wrote this kind of drunk last night before heading to bed.  Basically just wanted to come back and say that really my sentiment in this was that from my experience the Belgians were amazing people and I was empathizing with the current situation in Brussels.  etc. etc.
People also have to remember it's not just twitter accounts being suspended. Anonymous is also targeting more than 100 known VPNs so they are forced to either use public VPNs or none at all which helps as much as these accounts being suspended. They are also targeting know websites that incite violence / extremism 

This is just a small part of the effort against Daesh however it's more than most are doing so I suggest people hold their tongues until at least next week and then we can all assess how effective anonymous has been.
&gt; Alex Poucher, a spokesman for Anonymous

Ummm...
Next, howabout Daesh bank accounts? 
I'm guessing next will be the Playstation network?

Considering the rumours going around saying that they used PS4s to communicate.
5 point 5 fucking K
Well, that escalated quickly.
What's stopping them from just creating new accounts? I know their followers will take a bit of a hit, but they will still use the same recruiting hashtags for people to find them. Like people were saying in another thread, the best thing for twitter to do would be to create a shadowban that feeds them fake retweets and favourites, and then their activity could still be tracked as well. 
The whole "ISIS is a master mind of social media" meme needs to die. 

They've been pushing about how strong and secretive their social media presence is but I remember reading an article a bit ago about how most of them have about 2k followers and are being monitored. I'm sure the CIA has the twitter firehose and if they were really concerned they would have shut these down already.

If I can put my tin foil hat on for a minute: the government's endgame is backdoor encryption.
Wait, wouldn't taking down these accounts make tracking these individuals more difficult? While I respect what anonymous is trying to do, I can only assume certain agencies already knew about these accounts and were using them to attempt to track or get information. Am I wrong with this assumption?
If anonymous really wants to have an impact they should drop names of financiers and accompany proof. Shutting twitter accounts grabs headlines but changes nothing.    
Hi guys - Your Earthquake Perspective here.

I'm currently at work and not all the information is out yet. Due to the location, depth and demographics of the area, the pager information is taking longer than usual. This however is a normal aspect of quakes in the middle east due to slow media reports and limited access to information.

So in short, this could be really bad, or a lot of people could be very lucky. 

****

**UPDATES:**

* Loss of power and communication networks have contributed heavily to the lack of firm numbers. What we do know is that the Afghanistan Government is preparing for a heavy number of casualties, which translates to initial reports are not at all good.

* Confusion between media agencies aren't helping the situation. There are now 70 confirmed deaths, but there are variations as to where the deaths are coming from. Expect this number to triple in the next few hours. 

* Death toll is currently at a known 60 people, with many hundreds more feared dead in the Northern Regions of Afghanistan.

****

* **Magnitude:** Initially reported as a 7.7, some sources are reporting it as an 8.1 event. Right now the USGS has it as a 7.5 event and due to my history of using the USGS, it makes sense to continuing doing so. 

* **Depth:** Currently sitting at a fantastic depth of 212km. Due to the depth, a lot of the violent shaking would have been dampened, reducing the risk as compared to if the quake had happened at a depth of 10 or 20km.

* **Intensity of Shaking:** Very strong with a moderate chance of heavy damage. This will likely change as more information comes to light. 

* **Expected Deaths:** Current estimates expect the death toll to be between 100 and 10,000.

* **Expected Cost:** Cost between $1-10 million USD. 

****

I will answer any questions you may have after work - So perhaps in an hour or so. 

Stay Safe!
Visitor in Islamabad checking in. First earthquake I've ever felt. Can confirm - was terrifying. 

Edit: Thanks for the concern guys and gals. I am safe as well as everyone I know here. 
[deleted]
I'm in New Delhi, and on the 9th floor of an apartment building. Heard creaking from the walls, my chair was rolling around 6-7 inches by itself, cupboard doors were opening and closing, shit was swaying everywhere... absolutely insane feeling. Felt incredibly nauseous, and the suddenly everything was moving.
Heart goes out to everyone near the epicenter, if it was this bad here, it must have been terrible there. I feel especially bad for the Kashmiris, they've had an incredibly rough year with earthquakes, flooding, mud slides, etc.
I am a Pakistani from Lahore. News reports said it lasted two minutes, but I could have sworn it lasted five.
Paging /u/TheEarthquakeGuy
[removed]
Omg. Stay strong Pakistan.
Well the Iranians are in France, so a better headline would be: Iran won't dine with French if wine is served.
This seems like such a Sim City headline lol.
I was at a meal after a funeral where there was wine. One of the people there, a neighbor of the deceased, was Muslim. I don't know how devout, but he'd performed the Hajj once. Someone who didn't know his religion offered to pour him a glass. He said no.

That's it, that's the whole story. He didn't make a big stink out of it or insist that we shouldn't drink either.
Reminds me of Sir Winston Churchill's demands in order to dine with the Arabs.

"My religion requires a strict diet of alcohol and cigars" LOL
Just serve non alcoholic wine. Then nobody's happy....
*...making any photo ops showing the consumption of alcohol and non-halal meats out of the question.*

I know they mean pork here, but I really want to imagine an Iranian journalist staring at a photo of a Boeuf Bourguignon and trying to figure out if the cow was killed in a halal manner or not.
Just use the diet coke can.
Only the French can say fuck you in such a beautiful way.
When Australia's foreign minister was in Iran, she donned the ~~niqab~~ hijab. As did Catherine Ashton. Refusing to adhere to the recipient country's cultural taste is poor etiquette.

That being said, there's also another issue at play here. Rouhani has won big victories over the hardliner bloc back at home with the nuclear deal and partial thaw in diplomatic relations with the associated western countries. The hardliners reacted quite poorly and have just arrested journalists in a show of force. 

Were Rouhani to attend a meal with wine, the conservative media and politicians at home would have an absolute field day with portraying him as a decadent atheist hedonist and Khamenei would be forced to act. I suspect this is Rouhani ensuring that his opponents have nothing to hold over him. 
i worked for heineken for years, some of my colleagues were muslim.

they said brewing beer or working in the presence of alcohol wasn't an issue as long as you don't drink it.

and moreover, if you're in need and have no other solution it's also acceptable to eat non-halal food.

basically, you can be in contact with alcohol or non-halal food if your job requires it. it's not haram unless you feast on it.
Respect for culture is a two-way steet. France can respect Iran by providing non-alcoholic beverages and Iran can respect France by allowing them their traditional wine with dinner.
I was going to be mad at France, but then I realized they were the ones hosting. 

   I wouldn't be going to Iran and demanding pizza and cheese burgers. 
I'd damn sure need a couple of drinks to help me tolerate an hour with an Iranian ayatollah.
How petty and childish. My 4 year old niece is more mature.

It's like a vegetarian demanding that nobody else eats meat either. At a grill restaurant. 

I can understand wanting halal meat (even though I don't agree with it, halal is cruel) but they don't have to drink the wine. The French aren't forcing their mouths open and pouring it in. And then declaring the alcohol free breakfast, who the hell drinks at breakfast though, too 'cheap'. 
I remember when I was like 3 or 4 years old in iraq, my mom sent me to go get eggs from the corner store. I went, got the eggs, and started walking home. That's when I see three women in full on niqabs, with just their eyes showing. I'd never seen that before. I thought they were ninjas and would steal my eggs, so I ran home fast af and told my mom about the ninjas trying to steal my eggs. The whole family thought it was hilarious. 
Fun fact: During Musharraf's rule in Pakistan, a Wahhabi religious cleric tried to escape a siege wearing a burka. His name is basically synonymous with cross-dressing in Pakistan, but it does prove that terrorists and religious fundamentalists aren't averse to using burkas for their own ends.

Edit: For anyone who happens to be curious, here's the haram zada's wikipedia page: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abdul_Aziz_Ghazi
Wearing burqa is illegal in [France for quite some time](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/French_ban_on_face_covering), so it is not something uncommon. 

Edit : For some context, french people do not like religions. In school for example, it is not allowed to wear any religious marker like a cross or a veil. In school religion should not be shown. Also, wearing a hat in any building is seen as lack of respect.

In my university in France, we have a lot of foreign students, especially africans from Cameroun and Algeria. One time, during class in amphitheater, one teacher got really mad that an arab girl kept her veil and decided to leave and cancel the class. For the teacher and for a lot of students, it is seen as lack of respect. We have grown up in a state where religion is looked down and thus, it might be seen as weird for some americans too.
I've seen some weird things happen when it comes to these religious clothes. There was a woman trying to get her driver's license here in the states. When she was being her picture taken, she was asked to remove the clothing that was covering her face. She grew angry and tried to sure the DMV for a racist act. She inevitably lost the lawsuit. It's a really strange and touchy subject, but I agree with the judge's ruling. 
FYI ITT - Burqas are cultural, not religious. They are not mentioned in the Quran. My assumption would be that imams/mosques/whatever distort this in another attempt to control women.
I wouldn't want to live in a society where half the people i interacted with were masked.
I wish someone would finally take a stand and ban socks with sandals.
The headline reference to "islamic dress" is kind of misleading.  As the article points out, Senegal is more than 90% Muslim.  The Burqa is not mainstream even in most Muslim countries.
[deleted]
We're always getting told by "moderate Muslims" that the Burqa is or rather face veils are not part of Islam. Yet when people try and ban it they get furious.

Care to make up your minds? Is it part of your religion or not?
Might want to edit that title to say "nightclub fireblast" instead of blast. I'm from Romania and upon reading the title I thought it was a terrorist attack. Had to go read the Romanian news before posting this comment. From what I'm reading on the Romanian media, someone from the audience lit up fireworks (Edit: more media outlets reporting  it was actually the pyrotechnics installation) and the soundproof foam next to the stage caught fire which rapidly extended all the way to the ceiling, catching more soundproof foam and other materials on fire at which point a thick black smoke started rapidly spreading in the club. 
   When that happened, all people in the nightclub rushed in panic towards the ONE open exit door, creating a stampede. According to police at the scene, a lot of the victims are hard to identify, since a lot of them didn't carry an ID with them,  which is normal when you go to the nightclub in Romania and you're underage (source: I was one of those Romanian kids a few years ago). 

Edit 1: One of the media outlets is now saying the fire started because of a faulty pyrotechnics installation.

Edit 2: [Here's an alleged pic right after the fire started](http://i.imgur.com/k1VuTt9.jpg) Credit: Alex Sanda

Edit 3: it seems that the bass player and vocalist for the band that was launching their album in the club suffered burns on 45% of their bodies. They're still in serious condition in the hospital.

Edit 4: Government officials want to declare 3 days of national mourning, according to the Health Minister. 

Edit 5: Sources are saying there's been an inspection conducted at the club on 10/21/2015, but from what I'm reading the inspectors were commercial inspectors, not safety inspectors. The club was fined for using unqualified personnel to serve food/beverages. This seems irrelevant to the fire, sounds to me like someone is trying to cover their asses. 

Edit 6: Klaus Iohannis, the Romanian president, said he has proof that the accident was caused due to the nightclub not following applicable operating rules and laws. 

Edit 7: As of 4:30 AM CDT/ 11:30 PM local Romanian time, 27 people died in the fire and 162 are in serious condition in various hospitals in Bucharest. 17 of the dead and 7 of the injured are still not identified. Damn, imagine being a parent to one of those kids right now. 
Also, from what I'm reading, two airplanes were prepped up in case any of the patients have to be flown to foreign hospitals for treatment.  

Edit 8: The nightclub did not have authorizations from appropriate authorities to use the pyrotechnics installation. 

Edit 9: The owner of the club was questioned about the fire overnight. He was not arrested or taken into custody. A manslaughter criminal investigation is on the way. 

Edit 10: The guitar player for the band was confirmed as one of the 27 victims. Rest in metal heaven brotha.

Edit 11: According to adevarul.ro, the contractor that installed the soundproofing presented all the options to the owners two years ago and the fireproof option was 35-40% more expensive, so the owners went with the cheaper, non-fireproof option. 

And I'm done for the night. Had to get up due to a tornado warning but it's been cancelled so I thought I'd update this with the latest info I could find  while waiting. 

Edit 12: Tornado warning reissued, so I'm awake again, sigh.So here are the latest news:
The nightclub did not have all the prerequisite authorizations for functioning. As a Romanian, I can tell you this is not surprising. Grease the right hands and you can get away with a lot of things as a boss/owner. 

Also, the number of injured people is up to 184. Reports are coming in from the hospitals that took the injured. So far two of the hospitals reported a total of 16 seriously injured people with burns inside the airways and on top of their heads. Unknown out of how many. We probably won't have a clear picture of this until tonight, after all the reports come in.


Edit 13: A musician that was part of the audience/ posted a blog entry about the fire. Here's the gist of it:

- when the fire started the band asked for an extinguisher to put it out. It didn't come in time. 

- people didn't panic initially 

- he keeps reinforcing it wasn't really a "pyrotechnics show", more like those birthday fireworks you stick on top of a cake before bringing it out. 

The rest of it is  about how most clubs are like this, how clubs wouldn't make any money if they had to pass all the inspections and pay all the taxes and how he is grateful to be alive. 

Edit 14: The mayor of Precinct 4 (Bucharest is divided into several precincts with their own mayor and one overall mayor) said that as far as he's concerned the nightclub was following all regulations and there's nothing that he feels sorry about, as far as the nightclub breaking rules and such. 

Edit 15: Morning folks, here's the latest: 

-both guitar players from the band died in the fire. 

- Precinct 4 city hall announced they will pay for the funerals and burial spots for all the victims

- there's a Facebook protest going on calling for people not to go to any nightclubs tonight, October 31st. 14000 people signed up so far. 

- a  march is being planned for Nov 1st @ 14:00 local time through the capital, to honor the victims 

- a number of bands and clubs have cancelled their shows and Halloween celebrations tonight, in honor of the victims 

- the Romanian president, Klaus Iohannis, called the tragedy "unforgivable" and said the venue space was too small for the number of people present 

- the Bucharest School District has cancelled all high school freshman balls that were scheduled for today. 

Edit 16: Investigators have found one "small, already used" fire extinguisher inside the club. Sweep of the nightclub continues and they should be releasing a breakdown of how the fire started and spread soon. 
Out of the 27 victims, 23 have been identified as of 18:30 local time. 

Edit 17: Investigators found an additional two fire extinguishers in the building. It will take them two weeks to analyze all the data and put together a report about the incident.

Edit 18: According to the Department of Internal Affairs, 81 of the injured have been identified so far, as of 19:30 local time. This means there's still close to 100 injured people that are not identified yet. 
Didn't something like this just happen at a waterpark in Asia? Pyrotechnics lit some colored dust on fire and turned the stage into a giant flamethrower or something like that. 
Screenshots from live tv:
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CSmRs58WIAAo8GP.jpg

https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CSmRs54WUAEvQ80.jpg

https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CSmRs55W4AA0gbC.jpg

credits to [Antony Bushfield](https://twitter.com/AntonyBushfield)

BBC source [here](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-34684973) and Sky News source [here](http://news.sky.com/story/1579207/explosion-at-romanian-nightclub-kills-18)

*edit 1: Death toll rises to 25 with 88 wounded ([source](http://bnonews.com/news/index.php/news/id2342)) and Sky News source [here](https://twitter.com/SkyNewsBreak/status/660223301231493122)

*edit 2: First interview in Romanian can be found [here](http://www.antena3.ro/actualitate/explozie-club-capitala-guantanamo-incendiu-321744.html). The Telegraph has live updates [here](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/romania/11967239/Bucharest-nightclub-fire-kills-18.html) 

*edit 3: Romanian site reporting that "Minister Gabriel Oprea" announced that the death toll has risen to 26 [here](http://www.hotnews.ro/stiri-esential-20544401-ultima-ora-explozie-urmata-incendiu-clubul-colectiv-din-bucuresti-25-morti-cel-putin-88-raniti.htm) and second source that verifies that [here](http://bnonews.com/news/index.php/news/id2342)

*edit 4: You can watch the Romanian Channel Digi 24 live online [here](http://www.digi24.ro/Media/TV/Live/Digi24) (in Romanian)

*edit 5: The event's Facebook page promised "a customized light show and pyrotechnic effects." Facebook event found [here](https://www.facebook.com/events/739803732809828/) with translation [here](http://imgur.com/WuolvcA)

*edit 6:  Photo taken before the tragedy showing the stage and crowd: [here](https://twitter.com/MichaelBirdUK/status/660231580716302336) Credits to Michael Bird via LemiBlack.

*edit 7:  Another update on the number of people hospitalized [here](http://imgur.com/0o3GDYY), again both in Romanian and translated to English.

*edit 8:  Sanda Nicola, a local reporter, stated that: "Some of those being admitted to hospital have burns all over their bodies. Most of the victims were teenagers and students. Paramedics say that many of the people involved were foreigners who did not speak Romanian." Credits: [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/romania/11967239/bucharest-nightclub-explosion-fire-deaths.html)

*edit 9: The number for friends and family of attending people to contact: [021 206 9291](https://twitter.com/Digi24_HD/status/660237782313385984)

*edit 10: Photo showing the entrance to the club: [here](http://imgur.com/EnJbPuA)

*edit 11: Picture provided by Club Colectiv that shows the band's pyrotechnics [here](http://imgur.com/InL6Glb)

*edit 12: Fox6Now reporting on death toll of 36 without sourcing it [here](http://fox6now.com/2015/10/30/25-dead-88-injured-after-fire-breaks-out-in-romanian-nightclub/) and now CNN does as well [here](http://edition.cnn.com/2015/10/30/world/bucharest-nightclub-fire/index.html?eref=edition) (note: also without any source).

*edit 13: "Health Minister Nicolae Banicioiu announced that those who want to donate blood can do so starting Saturday morning at 8 at two centers in the capital." [source](http://www.hotnews.ro/stiri-esential-20544401-ultima-ora-explozie-urmata-incendiu-clubul-colectiv-din-bucuresti-25-morti-cel-putin-88-raniti.htm) More specifically at the: "Transfusion Center Str. Constantin Caracas nr. 2, sector 1" and at the "University Hospital"

*edit 14: Antenna reporting that sources indicate that: "the club did not have all the necessary approvals for operation." [source](http://www.antena3.ro/actualitate/explozie-club-capitala-guantanamo-incendiu-321744.html)

**edit 15: One unidentified victim admitted at the University hospital has died, bringing the death toll to 27.** [Source](http://www.digi24.ro/Stiri/Digi24/Actualitate/Stiri/Explozie+intr-un+club+din+capitala+Zeci+de+raniti), [here](http://www.antena3.ro/actualitate/explozie-club-capitala-guantanamo-incendiu-321744.html), and [here](http://www.hotnews.ro/stiri-esential-20544401-ultima-ora-explozie-urmata-incendiu-clubul-colectiv-din-bucuresti-25-morti-cel-putin-88-raniti.htm). BNO News update in English [here](https://twitter.com/BNONews/status/660252854754635776) and The Telegraph confirming it as well [here](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/romania/11967239/bucharest-nightclub-explosion-fire-deaths.html)

*edit 16: Digi24 reports that the first emergency call was placed at 10:36 PM local time. The first medical team arrived at the scene on 10:43 PM according to their source. [Digi24 source](http://www.digi24.ro/Stiri/Digi24/Actualitate/Stiri/Explozie+intr-un+club+din+capitala+Zeci+de+raniti) with [translation here](http://imgur.com/WBHYitB)

The reporting has slowed down significantly and so this concludes my updates for tonight. I am going to catch some sleep in the hope that when I wake up tomorrow, the death toll will not have increased overnight.
Album release for local metal band called Goodbye to Gravity. The promotional text on their fanpage on facebook for tonights event pulled through google translate: 

&gt; Program and access rules to launch Goodbye to Gravity today in Club Collective
&gt; 
&gt; Bucharest residents Goodbye To Gravity from today launches its album "Mantras of War 'in Club Collective. On this occasion the "astronauts" have prepared a memorable show with special guests and many other surprises.
&gt; 
&gt; Admission is free and public access in the club is from 20:30.

edit: longer description from the event page, bolding by me

&gt; Goodbye To Gravity: Launch 'Mantras of War' Club Collective
&gt; 
&gt; Admission is free and public access in the club is from 20:30.
&gt; 
&gt; **The concert will benefit from a customized light show and pyrotechnic effects and scenery specially created to play the SF artwork's atmosphere.** There will be special guests, an after-party Halloween GTG brand and many other surprises!
&gt; 
&gt; Access to the concert will be free, and the CD "Mantras of War 'and merch site specially created for this event will be available at promotional prices.
&gt; 
&gt; "It is a very important step for us," says bassist Alex Pascu. "We are very proud of this album and the launch will be a really special event for rock fans in Romania."
&gt; 
&gt; "It will definitely be a unique concert with an extended setlist, which will include the best songs from the two albums," adds vocalist Andrei Galut.
&gt; 
&gt; 'Mantras of War' is the second album of Bucharest and will be available through Universal Music Romania from 30 October.
Pyrotechnics in nightclubs need to stop - even if statistically the odds of fire are low. When things do go wrong, the results are too horrendous. 
I'm from Bucharest. I was wandering with a group of friends in the city centre, 1 metro station away from the club, right after the fire happened. Nobody knew at that time about it, so it was a happy feeling in the air, with a lot of halloween themed parties around. 

At a point, I saw an fairly old man sitting on the ground with his wife near him, both crying and screaming at the sky in pain. Normally I thought they were just pissed drunk and lost their wallet or something not so important.

Half an hour later word came by about the fire and it all made sense. I really hope they had nothing to do with the accident and did not lost someone close to it. But deep down inside, I know I'm wrong.
This sounds like a repeat of the Station Nightclub incident in 2003 when Great White were playing.  Awful tragedy.
memo to self, DO NOT go to nightclubs/bars that are having any kind of pyrotechnics.  Not a good idea, I hope the concept dies off soon.
Bucharest is the capital of Romania. It's in [southeastern Europe.](http://media.web.britannica.com/eb-media/78/64778-004-CF42217E.gif)
[Here is a photo from the event right before the fire.](https://instagram.com/p/9eYd5jFtPq/) With a, now, really ominous caption. 
If it wasn't for my dad's birthday today, I'm 100% sure I would have been dead right now.

This morning, as I was driving to work, I was listening to my favorite radio station when I heard about this concert. I used to talk often to the band frontman, he's a cool guy, and I really like the band so in the back of my head, I said "Oh, looks like I'm going to a concert tonight!"... but then I realized it was my dad's birthday and I promised I would come home.

The thing is, I have a disability and there was no way on earth that I could make it out in time to stay alive. I would have been dead right now. I can't shake the shock off and there are still people I know who might have been there and I don't know anything about them. :( It's a horrible feeling of dread and panic hovering over the whole city right now. My Facebook friends list has turned into a mass of black profile photos and lots of my friends have potentially lost close friends and relatives, since most of my friends are rockers.

But the thing that doesn't let me sleep right now is the thought that I could have been there. My dad's birthday literally saved my life.
My friend in Bucharest is reporting from the news around her: 

150 people in hospital

Some of the people in the hospitals are like 70% burnt - high probability the death count rises. 

Reporting at once missing blood, but also apparently they can't take blood donations now. Not before tomorrow from 8 am. Somebody went to a hospital to donate blood and they sent him away. 

Concert goer reported:

Police arrived in 20 minutes

Firefighters got there after thirty minutes

My friend added: There's no traffic in Bucharest at this hour
and the club is not even in the center. 
Good lord. If you're ever inside and someone sets off a firework or 2, promptly leave.

Edit: [Cough cough](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Station_nightclub_fire)
One way in, one way out bars don't exist in the US anymore because of this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OOzfq9Egxeo

edit: This video will shake you if you haven't seen it. It's supposed to. If it triggers you, good. Always be aware of your surroundings in a bar/club, know the nearest exit and understand the best way out may not be the way you came in. Of the 100 deaths, 60 people died near the front door because everyone piled on top of each other until the door became impassable. If a bouncer won't let you through to an exit in an emergency, knock his ass out. 

Eerily similar to what just happened in Bucharest.
This is why it annoys me when some people think Dubai and by extension the UAE is some happy place of tolerance. A diamond in the rough. 

It's not. 

edit- A lot of people asking 'who the hell thinks like that'. I've seen this positive view of Dubai/UAE all around the internet. To be more specific i saw stuff like this heighten when Furious 7 came out and people saw the Abu Dhabi part of the movie. With it's cool modern look, women not completely covered head to toe and general feel of the scene in the movie i guess they saw the country through rose colored glasses. 

I didn't mean to offend anybody, i'm just saying it's not the super progressive, tolerant country in the middle east i've seen people call it. 

I went to the UAE at the end of my college days. They try so hard to make everything as wonderful looking as possible, but it's super not. The countryside, historical sites, and architecture within the major metropolitan areas are wonderful, but I think one of my professors described it best when she said that the country is "gilded". As a tourist you are surrounded by beauty and wonder at every turn, but the treatment of foreign workers, the twisted legal system, and the knowledge that you can do nothing about it is brutal. I'd love to go back some day, but only to see how things have changed over time. That country is a lot crazier than most people realize.
Dubai is an okay place if you're rich and Arab. Shit if you don't belong to them. The place reminds me of Las Vegas without the gambling. 
Why don't they just ban women since they hate that gender so much?  
Not surprised. That country is like the Dark Ages with cell phones.
Yeah aren't they also being stoned to death in the same region?  Also little girls that have been raped are married off to their attacker to make it "better".  Whether it is jail, life with their attacker, or death I think it is fair to say that life for raped women in the middle east is pure shit. Actually life for many women that haven't been raped is pure shit too
Do these people not have wives, sisters, mothers, or daughters?! How can anyone stand behind these beliefs? This a bit off topic but happens to the men that get raped? With a country like that you can be sure some men are getting it in the ass!
nothing you can do, its their "culture"
&gt;Under the UAE Penal Code, which is based on Sharia law, those convicted of zina (charges of illicit sex which include adultery, fornication, and homosexuality) face severe penalties. The law, according to the BBC, overwhelmingly affects the thousands of female migrant workers traveling from Asia and Africa to find work in the homes of the wealthy, brought in via the kafala system — where employers sponsor their employees' entry into the country.

Oh my god. Who the hell cares who is fucking who? 
And these are our allies against the dastardly Assad regime, where women can wear whatever they want and do pretty much whatever men can do.
Culturally speaking, In the Family of Earth, the middle east is like a retarded, inbred uncle who won't stop molesting the family dog.   It's just embarrassing to everyone.  If company ever comes by to visit  (aliens), we'll want to keep them locked up in the shed and make awkward excuses for their shameful lack of development.

Worst case scenario would be if aliens meet them FIRST, at which point they'll probably just knock Earth into the sun for the good of the galaxy.
I'm pretty sure that the muslim residents of the countries near ISIS have felt this way for a long time. 
Was watching CNN today and one of their guests (sorry can't remember his name but he was a former Muslim (the show referred to him as former Islamist, whatever that means) speaking out against terrorism. He had some very good points that were great food for thought.

He brought up a really good point that terrorism is an "idea problem" more than anything. The point isn't to wipe out ISIS members, as satisfying as that may be, but to prevent the circumstances which lead people to joining ISIS in the first place. 

He called upon Sunni leaders to speak out against the evils of ISIS and radical Islam (whether that'll happen will be seen), especially Saudi Arabia. I'd love to think that a well placed strategic strike would rid the world of the evils of extremism, but ideas don't die with bodies. The disenfranchised will always be preyed upon by evil men to join their cause, and ISIS knows how to recruit beyond idealistic values through financial means as well as non tangible things like respect and power.

My heart goes out to those who have suffered at the hands of this corrupt and evil organization, and military action is definitely required, but "let's fuck them up" seems too naive of a response to a problem as complex as this.

I love Batman, I think I love him because he can fight problems with his fists, but the Joker always comes back.

Edit: Maajid Nawaz is the guest I'm referring to
Just to be clear: he is talking about the geographical ISIS-stronghold.
Its funny when you hear someone talk about wiping out ISIS like they forgot what happened just a few years ago. ISIS is like 50k strong so if any military attacks them they just blend in with the local populace and wait it out like those groups have always done.
"Release the hogs of war."


 "Dogs." 


"Whatever farm animal, Lana." 



I appreciate his anger but if he want's them wiped out it'll include blood on the streets of European cities, terrorism isn't an enemy in a uniform on a battlefield, it's far more complicated than that and has some military strategists have said unbeatable.
Remember the troubles in Northern Ireland and the attacks on mainland Britain, remember what it took to calm that down.
...won't someone else just take their place?
That's all very well, but how? It's impossible to declare war on a transnational concept.
[removed]
ISIS is nothing more than the latest iteration of the Khawarij. The Khawarij were an islamic sect that started to rear their ugly head not 40 years after mohammed bit the dust. They would go into random crowded areas and start murdering random people until they would be killed by other muslims. Eventually ,that instance of lunatics settled in what is today Oman and the UAE. 

Why? Because they would look at the muslims who were not as fanatic as they were as not being religious as being apostates. And ofc, they looked upon the infidels even worse. It's like how sunnis hate shia with a passion. And viceversa. 

Routinely, over the centuries, such sects would spring in about everywhere in islam all the time. And sometimes they would be an "underground" movement, sometimes they would be part of the ruling class. And ISIS is just the latest iteration. The problem is not that ISIS is not islamic, they are actually true muslims and according to them, the "moderate" muslims are not muslims. There is no way to stop this cycle. It happened every few decades all the time, even during the so-called "golden age of islam". 

Edit: I should point out, as /u/DeathLeap, /u/DoctorExplosion and /u/kissbyfire48 stated, that Oman is not of Khawariji faith today, or better put it, it's actually a reformed Khawarji faith known today as Ibaldi. A lot has happened in the over 1000 years from the events I described in this post. Over 1000 years ago the Khawarji occupied that territory but events happened and now it's Ibaldi. I don't know to what degree you could call it more moderate or whatever, that's a whole different discussion, but it is another one of the major sects of islam, along with sunni and shia. 
Why the heck is this on #1 on /r/worldnews? Some mayor of a city in Europe says we should do something. Great. He has zero actual political power or insight into what is going on behind the scenes. On top of that the horrible clickbait-title feeds into people's need for polarisation. This sub needs to do better.

Edit: On top of that **barely anyone** that upvoted this has *actually* read the fucking article because the website has been down for hours and there is no mirror in the comments at this moment. Get your shit together /r/worldnews.

Edit 2: Some of you seem to disagree. Does this article tell you anything about the course of world politics in the coming time? Does it inform you of any changing power relation between or within any [great power(s)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_power) or the implications of such a shift? Is it a factual article about an event that is internationally relevant? The answer to all of these questions is **no** so we should all downvote the *shit* out of this article.

Edit 3: The upvotes on the post keep rising while the website is still down. It feels like this post functions as a reddit poll for the question '[D]o you want to have western armed forces do a full-scale invasion of the regions in which ISIS is active?' devoid of any depth, nuance and actual plan for policy to deal with the very real-world meanings of the words 'power vacuum' and 'compartmentalization' afterwards.
Just like it was time to invade Iraq after 9/11 when people are riled up and not thinking of the consequences of an expensive drastic measure.

If we could just "wipe out ISIS", we would. Instead what we get is a military with unlimited funding and a government with ultimate corrupted power to do as they please without question.
Hi, everyone, 
I wrote the story on Greenland melting. Appreciate the discussion and am happy to talk about the reporting and answer questions. This is my first time on Reddit, and I'm told I demonstrate that I am who I say I am -- here's the tweet I just put out before joining the conversation! https://twitter.com/CoralMDavenport 
cheers, 
Coral 
[Kangerlussuaq](http://graphics8.nytimes.com/newsgraphics/2015/08/03/greenland-sketch/assets/images/kanger-1600.jpg)! I've been there! [Here](https://imgur.com/a/uLxGw)'s some more images, the last two taken from the edge of that little jut of land behind the village in the first picture.

[Here](https://i.imgur.com/fhLAhMU.jpg)'s a picture of one of those lakes. I thought this one was pretty neat, so I took this while flying over.

[This](https://imgur.com/a/FcvzK) is the edge of the ice cap. It looks dirty, because it is, but that's natural since Greenland is a very dirty/dusty place and this is where the ice meets that. Yes, I have tasted that water (a little further up where it's white of course). Yes, it was delicious - until I closed my mouth and felt all the sand between my teeth.

[Here](https://imgur.com/a/KY6lF) is Greenland's "Terrain Generation". I call it that because it looks like it was made in god damn Minecraft. Except for the ice cap, of course.

And [this](https://imgur.com/a/RmKbO) is a waterfall we found on the way to the ice cap, with bonus image of a chunk of ice meeting the land.

Please excuse the fingers in the corners of the pictures occasionally. It's quite cold there, as you can probably imagine what with the wind coming off the giant sheet of ice, and knowing where your fingers are while operating an outdated smartphone is slightly harder than usual.
Beautifully designed site!
A more positive headline would be "Greenland is getting greener!" /s
how do you make those scroll to zoom things, is that all html5?
&gt; But the research is under increasing fire by some Republican leaders in Congress, who deny or question the scientific consensus that human activities contribute to climate change.

&gt; Leading the Republican charge on Capitol Hill is Representative Lamar Smith of Texas, the chairman of the House science committee, who has sought to cut $300 million from NASA’s budget for earth science and has started an inquiry into some 50 National Science Foundation grants. On Oct. 13, the committee subpoenaed scientists at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, seeking more than six years of internal deliberations, including “all documents and communications” related to the agency’s measurement of climate change.

I don't understand this.  Whether climate change is man-made or not, doesn't change the fact that there's GLOBAL WARMING.  If Greenland or Antarctica melt faster than expected that would have catastrophic effect. Wouldn't you want to research that?
&gt; "The ice sheet is porous, like Swiss cheese," Dr. Smith said. "We didn't know that until this year."

Wait a sec, I thought this was well known? Moulins and how rivers flow underneath the ice sheets aren't new information.
I really wanted to drink that water.. 
The most important part of the story is the fact that the republicans are still denying science despite the overwhelming evidence.  They are using this denial as an excuse to cut NASA's Earth Science budget.  The republicans are actively sabotaging the nation's effort to deal with the greatest national security and economic threat in history.  This makes the republicans traitors.
&gt; We have invited this regime in with open arms and, based on the conduct I have seen this week, I am convinced we will live to regret it

Is she talking about electing David Cameron, or befriending China? - It's honestly  hard to tell.
But remember, kids: the *Bulgarians* are the ones ruining Britain.
&gt;Two Tibetan women were also arrested by police after they attempted to wave Tibetan flags at the passing motorcade. 

&gt;The two women, Sonam Choden, 30, and Jamphel Lhamo, 33, were also dragged from the scene. According to one eyewitness, the police at first assured the two they weren’t being arrested but then an order countermanding that came and both were arrested.

This is more interesting I think. Wtf did they write on the arrest report? "*Suspects were waving flags in an aggressive manner*"
Nice one Dave..
Did'nt the uk just announce they would be china's poodle last week?
This guy stood in the middle of the road to block a presidential convoy... what did people expect was going to happen?

Also, pay attention to all the doublespeak in this. "Regime" is doublespeak for govt when we want people to hate said govt.

It would be newsworthy if he didn't do anything and was raided, but he did something blatantly illegal, stopping the convoy of a head of state. Throughout history stopping a moving vehicle is the standard playbook of assassinations. Of course they're going to raid his house. 

tl;dr: an attention whore got exactly what he wanted and a bunch of "freedom lovers" are taking pages straight from 1984 for their propaganda.
If that's what "brutally manhandled" in the UK looks like, sign me up.

I'm pretty sure if I stood in the middle of a road full of traffic, I'd get arrested pretty much anywhere. Except maybe China. Chinese people drive pretty crazy over there.
Yeah, you get arrested when you block a fucking motorcade. Nothing to see here.
And people bitch about America's influence.
How is it "doing china's bidding" to arrest someone for doing something illegal?

just because it was a peaceful protest doesnt mean it was legal.
As the [Economist](http://www.economist.com/news/europe/21678272-marine-le-pen-may-win-elections-fear-non-existent-migrant-wave-phantom-menace
) pointed out last week, the vast majority of migrants are still heading towards Germany, but the fear of migration is still present in France and can be seen in support and votes going to the Front National.

But that article was prior to the attacks. So while President Hollande may reject fear, it may be very different for a significant percentage of voters across France.

Additionally, taking in 30,000 over two years doesn't begin to form a cohesive European policy on addressing the crisis, especially considering that just over the last month migrants were entering Europe in the hundreds of thousands.

But with the population of France understandably reeling from last week's attack, I'm not sure there's much hope for cohesive European action on handling the influx of migrants.
When America was accepting a massive influx of migrants through Ellis Island, everyone was required to register on the island before they could access the mainland.

I think Europe needs to take a more systematic approach towards registering migrants. People shouldn't be getting in with fake passports or without being background checked.
As much as it hasn't worked out for the Palestinians (for other reasons); I don't think countries should be looking to permanently resettle Syrians.


The refugee crisis should be looked at as a temporary solution, before securing the country and allowing the return of the refugees.


You can't just let all the good people leave a country (which 99.9% of the refugees likely are) and leave nothing there but a cesspool of extremism and violence.


Let's help the good people out, win back the country, and then return the country to the people and ultimately the people to the country.


I get the feeling that allowing the Syrian refugees to take up residence in large numbers in Western countries will result in pockets of economoically struggling, desperate, and angry refugees.
Everyone will initially be happy just to be in the Western world. Their standard of living will increase dramatically, but then it will plateau for many. It's not a phenomenon that hasn't been observed before.

The same "homegrown" terrorists that left Europe to fight for ISIS, were likely, not too long ago, happy refugees and good people who were given the chance at a new life.



They need their country back, not a new country. 
This really hits close to home. I was one of those refuges during the wars in Bosnia back in 91 and migrated into another country in Europe with my family for a while before coming to the US. The Swiss were amazing people, I didn't realize at the time what it all meant or how lucky we were. It's insane to think that people that were once part of the same country were willing to kill me on sight, a kid; simply for being from the other nation. That over looming possibility that if you are seen by the wrong pair of eyes or caught etc you will be shot or possibly worse is immensely stressful. One thing people have to remember when they close their hearts to the plight of others and demand closed borders is that most of the refuges are families with kids that are just caught in a horrific situation. We're all humans on this planet, only difference is the birth lottery that spawned you in a better situation and to say that others not so fortunate aren't allowed is about as "Fuck you, I got mine." as I've ever seen it. 
It has been known for months that due to the preferential asylum treatment of Syrians (see Angela Merkel's statements), fake Syrian passport market has bloomed.

http://www.businessinsider.com/fake-syrian-passport-market-is-booming-2015-9

http://www.wsj.com/articles/migrants-pose-as-syrians-to-open-door-to-asylum-in-europe-1442013612

2 months ago, a dutch journalist bought a fake Syrian passport with the face of Dutch PM. He warned terrorists could do the same https://www.rt.com/news/315591-fake-syrian-passport-journalist/

The Guardian says it can cost as low as $250 to get a fake Syrian passport. http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/nov/17/how-easy-is-it-to-buy-fake-syrian-passport



**It has been confirmed that 1 of the Paris terrorists entered EU with the refugees using a fake Syrian passport.** http://www.wsj.com/articles/paris-stadium-attacker-entered-europe-via-greece-1447698583

How many "Syrians" who got in Europe actually used fake documents and are not actually Syrians and therefore can't be accounted for? [At the end of September Germany said about 30%](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/germany/11891219/Refugee-crisis-Many-migrants-falsely-claim-to-be-Syrians-Germany-says-as-EU-tries-to-ease-tensions.html)

You can label me however you want, but I think we have been subjected to the greatest security catastrophe in our modern times. 

**We have watched this unfold and now we watch EU politicians from the same camp that created the mess desperately trying to sweep it under the rug.** After the Paris attacks, Jean-Claude Juncker was the first one to speak of refugees.


Why can't Saudi Arabia or Qatar or some other rich country in the area accept them? It's a lot closer and they have the money and infrastructure to house them, not to mention they already have mosques and other places of worship. Why do they have to go all the way to France and Germany?
These new ghettos are really gonna help.
Call me crazy but i feel this is not a great idea.
We had 100 Syrian refugees arrive here in Scotland last night. The Scottish Government had assured us all that they were all Syrian and had been "properly vetted" whatever that entails. One man was interviewed on TV and said he was Jordanian. Another was asked if he was glad that he was in Scotland, "Yes. I get my medicine." That was it. Not one said they were happy to be here, or even thank you. Funnily enough the medicine comment was cut from the News when the report was next repeated. Councils here, full of right on left wing types have been running around with glee arranging houses, schooling and the medical needs for these refugees. Meanwhile I am working with a service charity to help military veterans who have PTSD and other issues and you have to fight for everything we get. One has even been told by our local council he will "probably" slide down the waiting list "if we end up getting refugees". He has been waiting over six months. When we have money to house people from halfway across the world but not our own I ask questions, because to me they are no less deserving. There needs to be a recognition that out of the masses heading to Europe some are genuine refugees but most are "gimmegrants" making their way to the place they think they will be given the biggest handouts. They are NOT refugees, you lose that status once you leave the first safe country you arrive in. I am all for doing what we can for those genuinely in need, not at the expense of our own though, while the rest should be deported tout suite. 
TIL most redditors are experts on French politics and what is best for France.
Just because you are being 'brave' by doing something potentially dangerous does not make it a good idea.

"Man rejects fear, goes driving after 5 beers" doesn't make it a better idea.

It's not about doing whatever "rejects fear" or even not doing "exactly what ISIS wants", it's about doing what's best for our countries. If taking in these migrants isn't best for the country, then "rejecting fear" by doing it isn't commendable. 
I love the biased title. I am going to "reject fear" and leave the doors and windows to my house unlocked all night with a big sign on my front yard that says, "Come on in, the doors are open. Please follow the rules. Or not... I wouldn't want to offend you."
Are they going to have any way of determining if they are real refugees?  It seems like a lot of countries aren't real good at determining that.
The problem is you can't have a bunch of devout Muslims living in a multicultural, secular society. The two are incompatible.

The door should be shut on the entirety of the Middle East until they've gone through an Enlightenment Period, and have distanced themselves from religious mumbo jumbo.

When these people have decided that they can live next to: women, gays, non-muslims, and atheists, they'll be ready to arrive in Europe.
There are no terrorist attacks yet because the refugees haven't been incubated for long enough yet. Here's what will happen--the refugees will flock towards Muslim enclaves in Europe because they can't speak the language and identify more with their Muslim brothers than with western Christian values.  They will have kids that will grow up in the ghetto who will feel like they've been marginalized and will blame white western culture for their problems, poverty, and 'lack of opportunities'. Radical groups in the ME will reach out to them on social media to recruit them for terrorist attacks.  Rinse and repeat over and over again.  You are living in a dream world if you think Muslim culture can integrate seamlessly into Christian dominated western culture. It. Doesn't. Fucking. Work.  Oil and water won't mix no matter how hard you try.
Imagine being harassed in Europe for doing things like simply being drunk, catching some rays in a bikini in a public park or for walking your dog.  That is the way Europe is headed and liberals really haven't wrapped their minds around the culture and values they're telling us to accept with open arms.  Ironocally Liberal beliefs will be one of the first things to be persecuted once Muslim traditions take hold.
Hasn’t it been confirmed already that the fingerprints taken from a man entering the EU in October match those of one of the terrorists killed in Paris last Friday. So why are people continuing to focus on the passport? It’s irrelevant. If is the fingerprints that will prove or disprove the link. And at the moment it appears that at least one of the terrorists entered the EU among the migrants.

And it really doesn’t matter that the vast majority of migrants entering the EU wish us no harm. The fact is there is a percentage that does (and no one can deny that now after Paris). And what many people have issue with is that we have seen thousands of migrants enter and wander about the EU unchecked. Here in Germany they have already reported that there are hundreds of migrants unaccounted for, they have simply vanished. Nobody knows where they are and more to the point, no one has an idea who or what they’re intensions are. The EU seem very sure about their obligations to the migrants heading to the EU however, I would argue that they have completely forgotten their obligations to the people of the EU. So no wonder that people are asking for the brakes to be applied before we allow any more people in.

As for people being reluctant to take in refugees, I think it’s totally understandable reaction. When you read something like this in the newspapers at the weekend...

The arrests – local media said three people had been detained – took place in the Brussels district of Molenbeek that has been linked to several other terror plots in Europe.

The Observer’s Daniel Boffey reports that Molenbeek “was casually described by one Belgian broadcaster as a ‘den of terrorists’, where returnees from Syria have in recent years often made their home”

What do you expect? People are no doubt going to continue to label them as racist and as xenophobic. The Poles, the Hungarians and anyone else who is going to be dragging their heels to take in immigrants. Fact is though that the Poles, the Hungarians and others are looking to France, they are looking to the UK, they are looking to Belgium and elsewhere where there is a considerable Muslim population and they're thinking fuck that for a game of soldiers. And considering all the issues that it brings, the constant issues, the constant threat (and it is now constant, this now is the new norm for certain parts of Europe, certainly for France) plus considering over 100 people have been slaughtered in cold blood by Islamic terrorists in Paris just a few nights ago (at least one of them home grown) who can really blame them.

Reading that about Molenbeek. Who would want that within their borders? If you didn't have it already, why would you want it? Why would you bring that upon yourself? Because like it or not, no matter how you want to argue this, if you introduce a sizable Muslim population then there is a chance (no matter how small) this is what is going to come along with it. And no matter how many times you can argue it is a small minority, fact is that small minority can cause a great deal of harm. And again, it’s hardly unreasonable that many people do not wish to bring that chance of harm to their communities.

Edit Thank you for the gold kind stranger. 
[removed]
so TIL the current regime of France will be voted out next election cycle, this is how you lose elections.
Where will the money comes when we can't even help our poor and homeless?
What is with Reddit's circlejerk about these people? Lets get 1 thing clear. A "refugee" is, by EU Law, someone that claims asylum in the **FIRST** country in which they arrive.  All it takes is a handful of those people to turn Europe upside-down. Turkey already lets hundreds of thousands pour through. The liberal mindset of "lets keep letting them pour in, by turning them down we are doing what ISIS want." What kind of "logic" is that? Just don't let them in and deport all islamist extremists that turn up in the fallout from that. 



Granted, I know Greece or Italy isn't exactly prepared financially for all those people, but one thing has to be made clear. When these people march through multiple countries to get the benefits that they are seeking, that is calling benefit shopping. The majority of them went to Germany and will apply to GER, Sweden, and France. Lets call a spade a spade here and cease this reddit circlejerk.





EDIT: A word 




EDIT 2: Thanks for the gold fellow human.
I think, that ultimately, this is the *wrong* call.
Most people seem to only think 1 step ahead.

So lets say the terrorists that hit Paris were not Refugees, okay. They were home grown and raised in europe by their religious parents, who in turn migrated earlier to europe.

So, what's to stop the next generation to do the same thing? Studies show that these people do not share our core values, they are much more religious than we are. Increasing their population is only going to make it easier for them not to assimilate, they will hold on to their culture which could very well result in more home grown terrorists using an ancient book to excuse horrific acts of violence.
As a french it seems obvious to me that since we took the risk to destabilize syria or lybia we have a moral obligation to take in the refugees even though unemployment rates are at a all time high. The intelligent thing to do would have been to avoid this situation in the first place though ...
France rejects ~~*fear*~~ **logic**, renews commitment to take in 30,000 Syrian refugees
With proper screening, why not? Prove to ISIS that their terror is not sufficient to change our world. Western values rule the civilized world, and we do not negotiate with terrorists.
There is brave and then there is stupid....
To  be clear, none of the 5 Paris attackers identified so far is Syrian. [Source](https://twitter.com/ABarnardNYT/status/666987273536278531)
There is no hope for Europe then.
Hahha thinkprogress.org? A highschool newspaper is more credible
It’s a bold move Cotton, let’s see if it pays off   
   
I'm expecting a repeat of:   
13 Nov attacks  
21 aug attempted attack  
26 June Beheading  
8 Jan Attacks  
    
   
At this point France cares more about refugees than the safety of their own citizens. 


*looks out window*

No signs of the apocalypse yet.
that's so gay
They will also be able to adopt children. Progress is amazing!

On other news God hates Ireland: 

www . godhatestheworld . com / ireland /

PS: *A lot of people suggesting I should not have linked to their site, giving them page views, publicity etc. I agree with the sentiment, although I don't know what they are going to do with their page view stats, I don't know. Break-ing-the-link.*
So now we Bosnians can legally fuck your ass tonight at Aviva Stadium in Dublin :P
It's now the Republic of Sodom and Begorrah!
Great! Now Lets hope other European countries will soon follow, looking at you Merkel
Kinda nice to see some uplifting news after this horrifying weekend.
So, Northern Ireland is the only jurisdiction left in the UK and Ireland to not have same sex marriage. Maybe one day.
Ireland has shown the world that it has long shook itself free from unreasonable Victorian morality in favour of simply letting people be happy. 
This really is wonderful, a great day in irish history.  BUT we cannot call ourselves a Progressive or modern country when we still deny women safe accessible abortions. 

2016 will be the year we over throw these barbaric laws I hope and on that day I will say I am proud to be irish. 
It is kinda funny the guns displayed on time's page are all air rifles. 
When you talk to people from parts of Brazil or Mexico that live in areas basically run buy Cartels with illegal weapons, that have zero or massively corrupt police support, they tend to be in favor of the right to bear arms.

edit: relevant link
http://www.npr.org/2012/01/28/145996427/mexican-community-takes-taboo-stance-on-guns

 "allows citizens to buy nine guns and 600 rounds of ammunition a year"

What kind of ratio is that?
Hey, Brazilian here. Just letting you guys know, this is one of the things that will not happen anytime soon, it's nothing else than the intentions of someone. 

It's not even being talked about much. Probably just someone trying to gather votes from people with the same opinion.

This article is like the NASA plans and estimations articles.
Hopefully they'll get better guns than Taurus'
&gt;The draft law is the latest move by what has been dubbed by opponents as the **Bullets, Beef and Bible Caucus** in Brazil’s congress. Politicians linked to the security services, big agricultural firms and evangelical Christians consolidated their power in last year’s elections and have advanced a series of conservative measures.

Wow, they really do want to be like us.  
Brazilian here. 

The only people in Brazil who does not have guns is the general population.   


Criminals? Armed to the teeth.  
Corrupt police? Ditto.    

It is PAST time to allow people to defend themselves. If you wait for the state to do it, you are already dead. 

BTW: When I say that criminals are armed to the teeth, I am not talking about pistols and shotguns. I am talking about AK-47s, AR-15s, FALs, MP5s and even RPGs.  

Most of those are either smuggled in or  provided by army recruits in exchange for drugs. 


Edit: Thank you for the gold, kind stranger.

"An armed society is a polite society" they are about to put that to the test. 
Reddit will circlejerk the result either way it turns out.
Not sure what I'm reading in these comments... Are American Redditors... fans of the second amendment?

Just surprised
"This might lead the the Wild West".

That's kind of the point. The Wild West had a murder rate of about 1 per 100,000.
American here, also permanent resident of Brazil. First let me stress that most Americans cannot conceive the amount of violence, crime and petty nonsense that goes on here. It really is strange that people have to live with such violent, rude and careless people, and have their government do so little. Before I really give my opinion on this please let me describe how and why I came to believe what I do. 

Criminals have all the guns. Police have some, but they don't seem to confront criminals or gangs. We, the people, are the victims. Simple, but please keep reading. 

The biggest problem in my city (I do not live in a giant metropolis, but rather an average sized city in the state of São Paulo) is the incredible amount of roving youths that amass in the blink of an eye. Often they come from poor neighborhoods and chill out in some of the city's more important areas- supermarket, mall, bus station. Now, they do generally create a lot of commotion and are quite disrespectful. Think mall rats, yet somewhat more confrontational. However, I've never encountered one of them with a gun. These kids are usually poor as hell (you can tell this based on the fact they take the bus heading to their impoverished neighborhood) with nothing to lose. I would not want one of them with a gun, whether given to them by a gangbanger or stolen from their parents who obtained it legally (if this law becomes reality). Street kids + poverty + weapons + trying to act cool in front of a girl (remember, they are kids who still think like kids) = chaos. Yes, I would feel safer with a concealed weapon. 

Secondly, THERE IS NO POLICE PRESENCE IN BRAZIL!  I needed caps here because I cannot stress this enough. You may see on the news police swarming a favela, but that's such a small portion of Brazil. In the US, we have police patrols on foot, by horse, motorcycle, car everything. Here, not the case. I have seen one traffic stop in my life here. I have never seen police interacting with the public to create goodwill. Most brazilians dislike the police and it's obvious why- they seemingly do little to inhibit crime, are notorious for corruption, and they generally seem indifferent and unhelpful. I posit that an increased police presence would go very far in reducing crime. I mean, when you have routine assaults on buses, youths smoking dope on the sidewalks in plain view of passerbys, and street gangs that have no problem robbing you as you walk home from a day at work, yeah, a police presence would help. And so would the right to have a gun. 

BUT, Brazil is also the most bureaucratic, often confusing country I've been to. Would I trust the politicians to write gun legislation that kept guns away from convicts? Or the insane? Or people who have shown to be socially unstable? Huehue, no! This is the same country that allows some prisoners to visit home for Christmas. 

And by the way, if you think I'm being insensitive to Brazilian culture or people, please understand that virtually every Brazilian I know agrees with me, and they all look at the USA as a model nation, and wish Brazil was more like America. Hell, many Brazilians have laughed in my face when I told them I chose to live here because of my wife's school and career. We'll move back to the US in a few years I estimate. 

TLDR- Guns would help avoid crime and prevent small time crooks from taking advantage of you, but Brazil's bureaucracy makes it virtually impossible to implement gun legislation that wouldn't lead to more deaths at the hands of people who shouldn't be permitted to have guns to begin with. 
The "right to defend themselves" and "criminals are already armed here" are kind of sound arguments, but people seem to completely ignore the side-effects of this bill in Brazil. Our reality is very different from the US.

More than 50% of the women killed in here die by the hands of familiars inside their homes (actual data from our "map of violence" - official data from the government). 

More than 110 people die from firearms in Brazil PER DAY. Homicides are the cause of death for **more than HALF** of teenagers between 16 an 18 years old in Brazil (and they won't have the right to  use firearms to "defend themselves").

Those are just a couple examples, but there is a lot more. Brazil also beats records in homicides of black people and homosexuals.

The numbers are even more scary when you classify the victims by wealthy. Note that poor people won't have access to firearms anyway, since it'll be ridiculously expensive.

Another repercussion would be the increase in number of suicides.

People are trying to emulate the US reality in Brazil, but you can't even imagine how our country is in terms of violence. This shithole is the world champion in domestic violence. Women, children and the elderly are slaughtered inside their homes. Now imagine how that'd go with guns. The average victim in Brazil is a poor teenager, and he will still be unarmed.
/r/watchpeopledie video count set to skyrocket
Exactly, the moment the police force becomes even mildly corrupt the average citizen is royally fucked in a state where they aren't allowed the means to defend themselves.
Might as well try something new, the current methodology isn't going very well. Fingers crossed. 
Also a brazillian here. 

      I think it's important to know that weapons aren't forbidden in Brazil, just the right to bear arms is restricted to police and military. At the moment, bearing a firearm ilegally is a non-bailable crime, and allowing people to walk around wouldn't make the streets safer, since very few honest people would want to carry them, making it very easy for criminals to walk around carrying guns, with no sentences for getting caught.

      Although many people in this thread might support it, I believe most of the brazillian population doesn't feel sympathetic towards guns, and the law isn't the only thing stoping everyone from having them. If the restriction was diminished, most people wouldn't go buy one, otherwise they would have already done so. Reducing the requirements to show aptitude would make access to weapons easier mostly to those who want to use them ilegally.

      Also, the suggested changes aren't very good either:

- Reducing the required age to buy a gun from 25 to 21 years: Most criminals are young, and facilitating access to guns for them isn't a big advantage.

- Alowing people to own nine guns: In no way necessary for self defense.

- Facilitating the process of acquiring a gun: Allows mentally unstable or untrained people to get them.

      Trying to give the population the task of defending themselves because the police is corrupted is just an easier alternative to ending police corruption. These easy alternatives are a common practice in Brazil and they need to stop. In this case, data from the US already shows that [higher gun ownership rates lead only to higher violent crime rates](http://www.ajpmonline.org/article/S0749-3797%2815%2900072-0/abstract), and the last thing we need is even more crime.
Alright Brazil!
As an American, I shed a joyful tear of Freedom for Brazil. So beautiful.
It's ironic how much the anti-gunners in Brazil sound like the anti-gunners in the USA, mouthing the same, hoary wording, about "the wild west" if law-abiding Brazilians can have a gun to defend themselves.
I don't even know, Storskog is so far away north, there is almost no infrastructure, only few very small towns, the roads are very bad etc. I doubt that there are any passenger trains in 50-100 km radius. As a Russian I don't know anybody who has been to those places. I don't even know how to get there. Crossing border there is one of the worst decisions you can make. Why not crossing forest border with Latvia or Estonia? 

That place is like Alaska for US but much worse, it is very far from civilization.
I read some of the interviews with the migrants that this article relates to and the fact that they are trying to game the system is quite clear. First of all, many of them claim that they are Syrian, when they are from Afghanistan, in an effort to validate their refugee claim. Secondly, many of these people have lived in Russia for years, some for as long as 15 years! They say, during these anonymous interviews, that they are migrating from Russia because of the poor living conditions and the lack of available jobs (for them, jobs might not be a large problem for natives).
There's no war going on in Russia. If you flee from there, you're not a refugee. 
The moment they hit the first country that is safe, they are no longer refugees, but immigrants seeking something better.
**Edit done at 21:09 GMT**

We should ask ourselves a question of "Yes, we can and should help those refugees, but how many can we help, and for how long can we help and sustain them". People are saying it is inhumane and immoral that we do not take all the refugees, give them housing, jobs, healthcare and education; I believe we should help them - yes. 

*However in what context?*

Should we just give them food, water, basic shelter and education, and then wait whilst the EU decides what to do with them? Yes, that's what I amongst others think. They are refugees - they have nothing. By giving them those basic human rights, and offering them to stay in peaceful democratic West we have already increased their standard of living by 10x. Why should we be obliged to give them; jobs? Housing? Social security and welfare? Also, who is going to pay for that - money for those things doesn't grow in a magical land, me and you pay for that through taxes. 

Before helping these refugees, I'd like to first help people that were born in the Europe and European Union that are struggling to make ends meet - drug abusers, homeless people, unemployed people, families living on minimum wage, kids that don't have lunches when they go to school because parents can't afford a fucking loaf of bread and a slice of ham. 

One million refugees - or city of Brussels, waiting to be fed and looking for better lives. That's only this year. 
Next year it could be two million. Or three. Or maybe even whole Syria. How long can we sustain them? A year? Perhaps two before the public will say that's enough - help your own people first, before helping some refugees from Middle-East.  

So yes, perhaps it does seem inhumane and immoral to not take refugees. However, ask yourself basic questions of what we're going to do with these refugees, who's going to pay for them, what will be the cultural and social implications of such mass integration, how will the public react; perhaps you think that taking refugees is great, but for every person that agrees with you there can be 10 that disagree. 

**End of EDIT** ^^^^




I believe that most of us deep down are fine with refugees. Europe (not European Union) is an area of over 50+ countries with a population of 740 million. Increasing the population even by a million due to refugee crisis is a drop in the ocean.

**However**
,the problem that I have (along with others) is that these so called "refugees" lose their status as a refugee, when instead of staying in one country that offers them shelter, jobs, social security etc. want to go and travel to the West, or to countries with high GDP per capita such as France, UK and Germany, where they believe will find equivalent of American Dream, but in Europe. 

Those people are not refugees - they are now economic migrants; a person or people that travel from one country or area to another in order to improve their standard of living. 

*It is wrong.* **Period.**

This is what irritates me and the others - sure I understand, you're running away from war and god knows what else, to have a better life for you and your family. But do not, and I repeat - do not think that you are entitled to something (benefits etc.) without contributing to the economy first. You are not. And you won't be. 

Take Poland for example - when a refugee does come to Poland, those who stay in the aforementioned camps receive an allowance of around 210 złoty (roughly £50) a month, in addition to but not limited to free Polish lessons, health care, and dental care. Children also have the right to go to school in the camps. Refugees who chose to live outside the camps can get up to 750 (roughly £120) złoty, but this number varies depending on whether or not they are independent or with their family. This whole scheme costs the Office for Foreigners 56 million złoty (£10 million) per year. http://www.krakowpost.com/10477/2015/09/poland-to-accept-5000-refugees

Yet, at the moment Poland has 11 refugee camps in which there are 1,549 people with **431 vacancies left.**

This is what is wrong - they are providing those refugees with basic human rights; medical-dental care, education, food, shelter and Polish lessons, yet those refugees ignore that and choose to travel to France to get on a boat to UK.

That is my opinion on the crisis, I'd like to hear your opinion on it.


They crossed a bunch of other peaceful countries too. This is no longer about escaping the war, its about getting that sweet sweet government cheese.
[deleted]
Sick of the people coming to sweden. I was okay with it at first, thought we were helping then i met the spoiled cunts that have migrated up here. I hope we kick half of them out
Good. It's about time someone ropes in this foolishness.
Finally people start to realize that we can't let them do whatever they want.
It's interesting to see the moderate humans who pay no attention to politics express worry and concern about the impending wave of immigration and be objurgated by an affluent liberal for being racist. 

Is it any wonder natives are less tolerate of refugees and migrants when someone asks "How much will this cost" Or "We're having problems with the NHS and housing, how will this affect those problems?" to be branded a 'fucking moron' or 'right wing scum!'


[removed]
Or send them straight to Germany like any other country is doing now.
As much as Russia is a shithole, it's a stable enough shithole. At least you're not threatened by war there. As harsh as it may sound, refugees in Russia can stay in Russia. It's far from perfect, but they'll be safe enough, and that should be the important thing when you're a refugee. I'm with Norway on this one.
Fair enough. Russia is a nice place to live.
[deleted]
yes!!! let's put all of Arabia into Scandinavia.  

Problem fixed! Fantastic! The world will finally know peace!  
Afghans are coming to Europe too now? Jesus, there really *is* a civil war involving Islam in Europe on the way. 
Don't get in a butt kicking competition with a porcupine.   Especially as that particular porcupine has a "kill them all and let the devil sort them out" mentality.  
ISIS is only going to strengthen ties between all of the countries that they target. They going to attack China next?
So I guess they don't remember the last time terrorists tried taking over a theater in russia.  The Russians don't take prisoners, they gassed everyone in the theater. 
In winter? These guys dont understand history.

ISIS is about to join a very exclusive club, consisting of just Napoleon and Hitler. 
Very soon... Sounds like me when I'm procrastinating
Attack both nato and russia. 

This is way too stupid to be true.
I really don't want to see Russians get attacked by ISIS, but I wholeheartedly want to see the wrath of Putin come down on all terrorists like a sledge hammer.
Are we in the 80s? Proxy wars with Russia, afganistan 2.0
gl hf
[removed]
I think I'll put on some Mussorgsky while this plays out. 


lmao if ISIS didn't burn all the history books they found in the middle east they'd know why this is the worst idea ever
I'm just gonna sit here and wait for this. Do I think that the loss of life in Russians would be bad? Yeh. Do I think the Russians would level the Middle East in response? Yep.
You reeeeeaaaally don't wanna poke the bear.
Don't poke a sleeping bear.
Honestly I would be more scared of Russia than the US.

US has a huge political base to worry about any sort of serious military action. But I can see Russia just goes in and fuck everyone up without even considering what the public thinks.
The motherland will erase them.
Have fun with that one. If there's one country you don't fuck with, it's Russia.
If ISIS pulls a Paris in Russia and they will be steamrolled like Chechnya was.
If the IS attack Russia the reaction is going to be like after the aliens attacked in Independence Day. Every country in the world will band together to destroy them. The world is getting tired of this bullshit.
I am a historian and have read a lot about the Soviet Union.
What they endured is beyond comprehension in terms of lives lost and destruction during the Second World War. They make a very big deal of celebrating their victory of Nazi Germany for a reason. They become a military superpower because they were going to make shit sure that NO ONE would ever try that again. So for these piss ants called ISIS to make threats? Don't expect to survive for much longer. You have your small victories now but in the end expect to be woodchippered into animal entrails...
Дуракам закон не писан.
I wonder what all those young, stupid kids that have joined ISIS via twitter and shit are feeling right now. Like. Your little club that you joined out of rebellion or ignorance or whatever the fuck is revving up some serious war engines with the world powers right now. And you have to know, deep down in your heart, that you guys won't win. Like. Isn't that scary? Putin. Hollande. Obama. And everyone else is getting ready to fuck you right up. You're done. For life. 

You had all of it ahead of you, everything, you could've done something wonderful with this life you were given, made great art, found someone beautiful to share your life with, raised great kids. You could've been somebody. And it's done, even if you don't die, it's all done, and you're doomed to this shit life.

And for what? Pussy? Money? Adrenaline? Hatred of others for being different? Because it damn sure wasn't out of dedication to Islam and you're bullshitting if you say that. I feel bad for you guys. I really do. I hope you guys change. I hope you get out somehow, if you can. I used to think you guys were actually not as bad as the shithead cartels in Mexico and South America, but now I'm not so sure.

Praying for you, and for those innocent people you hurt, not just in France, but everywhere. 
That's a bold strategy cotton, let's see if it pays off. 
Everyone in this thread is assuming that ISIS will have a ground invasion when in reality it'll be bombers and randoms with weapons 
Empty threat, they'd never have the balls to try what they did in Paris in Moscow or St. Petersburg. Because if they did the Russians would turn Raqqa to glass before they knew it.
Please do. Then you will soon be nothing but a bad memory. 
Why is Russia being praised on Reddit as Gods of Warfare?
[removed]
&gt;"The good news is that Antarctica is not currently contributing to sea level rise, but is taking 0.23 millimeters per year away," Zwally said. "But this is also bad news. If the 0.27 millimeters per year of sea level rise attributed to Antarctica in the IPCC report is not really coming from Antarctica, there must be some other contribution to sea level rise that is not accounted for."  
  
That's what I was wondering: If you're correct, where does the water come from? So right now it would be his methods + some unknown source of water vs. the known sea level measurements. Are his methods so good, so that it's more likely that there is an unknown source of water?
Apparently the ice is over 2 miles deep in some places. 

Holy shit. Since Antarctica was one of the first to separate from Pangaea, along with Australia (isolation of which resulted in animals like the platypus), I can only imagine what kind of animals are hidden under all that ice and in the earth from before the continent made its journey to the South Pole. This has almost nothing to do with the post but it's interesting to think about

Edit: obviously all the animals are going to be dead under the ice. I'm talking about preserved specimens and fossils. We would probably find some crazy stuff and it would be cool to know how life branched off down there before everything froze to death
This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://phys.org/news/2015-10-mass-gains-antarctic-ice-sheet.html) reduced by 87%. (I'm a bot)
*****
&gt; According to the new analysis of satellite data, the Antarctic ice sheet showed a net gain of 112 billion tons of ice a year from 1992 to 2001.

&gt; The extra snowfall that began 10,000 years ago has been slowly accumulating on the ice sheet and compacting into solid ice over millennia, thickening the ice in East Antarctica and the interior of West Antarctica by an average of 0.7 inches per year.

&gt; Zwally&amp;#039;s team calculated that the mass gain from the thickening of East Antarctica remained steady from 1992 to 2008 at 200 billion tons per year, while the ice losses from the coastal regions of West Antarctica and the Antarctic Peninsula increased by 65 billion tons per year.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/3r8ok7/nasa_reveals_that_antarctica_is_actually_gaining/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ "Version 1.6, ~11658 tl;drs so far.") | [Theory](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept/) | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr "PMs and comment replies are read by the bot admin, constructive feedback is welcome.") | *Top* *five* *keywords*: **ice**^#1 **Antarctica**^#2 **year**^#3 **changes**^#4 **sheet**^#5

Post found in [/r/worldnews](http://np.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3r8j41/nasa_reveals_that_antarctica_is_actually_gaining/), [/r/Physics_AWT](http://np.reddit.com/r/Physics_AWT/comments/3r2rcs/mass_gains_of_antarctic_ice_sheet_greater_than/), [/r/environment](http://np.reddit.com/r/environment/comments/3qzkx6/mass_gains_of_antarctic_ice_sheet_greater_than/) and [/r/EverythingScience](http://np.reddit.com/r/EverythingScience/comments/3qyfgk/mass_gains_of_antarctic_ice_sheet_greater_than/).
[removed]
Not true of the north pole which is just the opposite.
ITT a shitload of 15 year old climate experts
This has been known for a while- Antarctica is gaining some ice (~~sea ice only, no land ice~~) while the Arctic is losing about 3 times as much ice as Antarctica is gaining- at least several million km2 worth.
This is a great study (and I am familiar with many of the folks that worked on it), however it is worrisome in that it will get incredibly mis-interpreted by the media.

I posted this over in the other thread.....

We know pretty well from studies of the WAIS core that accumulation has increased significantly since the last glacial maximum and through the transition into the Holocene....(for West Antarctica)(see http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v500/n7463/abs/nature12376.html).  You can see the same for East Antarctica in the EDML, EDC, and Vostok cores.
It goes without saying that warmer waters and warmer temps will bring more accumulation just simply due to the saturation vapor pressure. The key here is that there are parts of antarctica that are losing mass at an incredible rate (Pine Island and Thwaites Glaciers). Very soon, the melt will outpace the accumulation increases. Many of the outlet glaciers are hanging on by the proverbial thread as well. Many studies now are looking at the introduction of antarctic deep water up to the underside of many of the grounded outlet glaciers. These waters are melting many of the unstable pinning points where the ice is grounded on a small "bump" that is effectively holding back the glacier. Once melted, the recession of the glaciers speeds up significantly and causes incredible mass loss (see Rignot et al. and Joughin et al. papers).
As far as where has the current increase in sea level come from. Likely a combination of Greenland, depleting fresh water aquifers, mountain glaciers, and thermal expansion of the ocean waters (water heats up...it expands).

source: PhD in glaciology


Warmer oceans --&gt; more evaporation and atmospheric moisture --&gt; more precipitation in the antarctic which has not warmed as much and is largely insulated from oceanic temperatures
Incoming lots of speculation from non-scientists about what this means. 

The fact is data is just data. It's meaning in the greater context of a working theory is something that scientists will debate for a long time with differing views. This does not invalidate or confirm any theory. 
ITT: People who know more than NASA
Antarctica is not the Arctic.  There is a lot of ice loss in the Arctic, but yes, there is some small gain in ice levels in Antarctica.  This may sound heartening at first, until you realize that the gain does not offset the loss of ice overall.
[removed]
I honestly cant get mad about this. People are acting like other countries are all clean or this is a big surprise. 

There was a post on Reddit a while back, it had the best 25(50?) ranked 100m times and the runners highlighted who have been caught doping. There was more drugs cheats than clean athletes and from many countries.  

Just need to face the truth, athletics is a dirty sport. 
He said, before turning and slaloming through a team of professional ice hockey players and scoring with a distinctly average shot.
I think they should have a roid Olympics to see how far people can go with the helps of steroids and doping.
Oh! As a person who lived in and knows too much about Russian/USSR mentality, those words are useless.

There will be 2 most probable outcomes for this Putin's quote:

1. After this 'investigation' nothing will be found, Russia will call themselves a country clean of doping.
2. Scapegoat will be found, who will be at fault for everything in this situation, there is a small chance of public court for PR reasons, but nothing considerable would be done.

Do you believe that coaches and high ranking officials will come up and say "oh yeah, daddy Putin, we use doping all the times"? 
&gt;"A sporting contest is only interesting when it is honest."   

I disagree. Just open a doping contest, and a separate one for non-dopers. Once anyone enters the doping contest, they aren't allowed back in the non-doping leagues. Problem solved!
Interesting that Egypt is the most popular tourist destination for Russians 
How can they say it "confirms" anything when they say more than once in the article that they say it **"it has been claimed"**,  **"It now rests with the Egyptian authorities to officially confirm the cause of the attack."**, **"Russian media claim the black boxes have no useful information on establishing the cause of the disaster."**, **"However, something happened"**

I admit it's likely an explosion occurred but as far as I can tell nothing is confirmed still...
Could they just not swab some pieces of the wreckage and look for explosive residue?? I have an insulin pump and every time I go through TSA at the airport they make me rub my insulin pump on my hands, then they swab my hands with a piece of cloth/cotton and put it in a machine where it can detect explosive residue?

I don't know how realistic it would be for them to do it with wreckage from a plane thoubh
Serious Question: How reliable is LePoint? They are the news outlets that originally reported the story.
I know this won't be a popular opinion, but I think it's ironic that so many people adamant that the US and other western nations not bomb in the Middle East, because it creates terrorists by killing civilians, are suddenly all about Russia going scorched earth on ISIS and their followers

I guess people don't actually care about seeing terrorists and their followers killed, they just want someone else to do the dirty work
This was one thing that Putin feared being sucked into a ground war. What he wanted was a quick show of Russia's military power. Now ISIS is calling him out to bring soldiers to Syria.

If he invades Syria on foot, he puts his political power base at a huge risk of another Afghanistan with almost 1/20 of the resources Soviet Union. Even USA couldn't finish the job with mass resources and technology.

If he doesn't mobilize soldiers and take revenge, it's a blow to the tough guy image built up by Putin. 

Either way, Putin doesn't have much room to make mistakes like in Ukraine. The middle east is quickly proving to a place that can't be conquered by a foreign army.
It's funny watching the jingoistic nonsense coming out of some redditors in response to this. Russia will hunt the terrorists to the end of the Earth! 


Are we so quick to forget our history?
The implications of this are huge. Putin didn't have to go into Syria, and now Russian citizens are dead as a result.

EDIT: I didn't say it would go one way or another. Just the facts. All of the problems that exist in the world are just made up. We could literally wake up tomorrow and embrace nothing but optimism and peace, yet we tend to just take an eye for an eye nowadays.
[Wow, ](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3rjbhz/us_intelligence_bomb_likely_brought_down_plane/cwovm4g?context=3) I [guess](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3rjbhz/us_intelligence_bomb_likely_brought_down_plane/cwov7nc?context=3) I [was](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3rjbhz/us_intelligence_bomb_likely_brought_down_plane/cwoutc5?context=3) a [real](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3rjbhz/us_intelligence_bomb_likely_brought_down_plane/cwoz5ef?context=3) asshole [for](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3rjbhz/us_intelligence_bomb_likely_brought_down_plane/cwothdo?context=3) posting [the](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3rjbhz/us_intelligence_bomb_likely_brought_down_plane/cwoso80?context=3) CNN [article](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3rjbhz/us_intelligence_bomb_likely_brought_down_plane/cwopd8p?context=3) which [said](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3rjbhz/us_intelligence_bomb_likely_brought_down_plane/cwoprah?context=3) that [US ](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3rjbhz/us_intelligence_bomb_likely_brought_down_plane/cwooh9o?context=3) intelligence [believed](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3rjbhz/us_intelligence_bomb_likely_brought_down_plane/cwoogji?context=3) the [plane came](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3rjbhz/us_intelligence_bomb_likely_brought_down_plane/cwomhj1?context=3) down [from a bomb.](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3rjbhz/us_intelligence_bomb_likely_brought_down_plane/cwpj69n?context=3) Pure [US propaganda](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3rjbhz/us_intelligence_bomb_likely_brought_down_plane/cwpclta?context=3) garbage, [with](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3rjbhz/us_intelligence_bomb_likely_brought_down_plane/cwparlk?context=3) no [basis](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3rjbhz/us_intelligence_bomb_likely_brought_down_plane/cwp9mqm?context=3) in [fact,](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3rjbhz/us_intelligence_bomb_likely_brought_down_plane/cwp7p6s?context=3) which [Putin](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3rjbhz/us_intelligence_bomb_likely_brought_down_plane/cwp7gnm?context=3) would [ultimately](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3rjbhz/us_intelligence_bomb_likely_brought_down_plane/cwp78tj?context=3) prove [to](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3rjbhz/us_intelligence_bomb_likely_brought_down_plane/cwp4jv1?context=3) be  [another](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3rjbhz/us_intelligence_bomb_likely_brought_down_plane/cwp3rxu?context=3) Western [smear](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3rjbhz/us_intelligence_bomb_likely_brought_down_plane/cwp3jye?context=3) campaign, [so](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3rjbhz/us_intelligence_bomb_likely_brought_down_plane/cwp39vf?context=3) fuck [me, right? ](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3rjbhz/us_intelligence_bomb_likely_brought_down_plane/cwoztpl?context=3) /s

Edit: Thanks for the gold, /u/homie_jesus.
Oh look American and British intelligence was right. Go figure? Lol
This was a false flag attack to draw Russia in. Also, jet fuel can't melt steel beams. 
If you provoke the Russians, you're gonna have a bad time
Nepal has only been a republic for 7 years.
While its great that Nepal has its first female President, some of the things Bidhya Devi Bhandari has said in the past would definitely make you wonder if her election is indeed such a massive step forward for Nepal's women.

To quote this[article](http://www.buzzfeed.com/anupkaphle/nepal-just-got-its-first-female-president#.hpB1jZ0Nk) (Buzzfeed -I know, I know. It's accurate though)

&gt;she criticized feminists and women’s rights advocates who are demanding more rights as being influenced by Western values.
“Whether we agree with it or not, in Eastern culture and tradition, a woman is entirely devoted to a man,” she said according to the report. “This may be a discriminatory system, but our society has always functioned this way.

&gt;Nepal’s new constitution — although it provides quotas for women to serve on constitutional bodies — makes it difficult for a single mother to pass her citizenship to her child. According to the constitution, a child of a Nepali woman and a foreign man cannot get a citizenship by descent unless the man first takes Nepali citizenship; but children can become Nepali automatically if the father is Nepali, regardless of the mother’s nationality. The constitution also makes the path to citizenship longer and more cumbersome for people marrying Nepali women compared to foreign nationals who marry Nepali men.
&gt;Bhandari has been criticized for defending her party on such citizenship provisions.  
  
So while this does seem to make a great headline, the underlying issues with regard to women's rights in Nepal have a long way to go.

Edit:'...massive step forward for Nepal's **women**.'
And she's a Communist. The Soviet bloc might have failed, but Communism is just getting started.
Nice, hopefully Nepal can put aside the civil war and be really independent. 
People need to stop caring about this.  They need a good leader, not a gender icon. 
&gt; Louis had been attending the Eagles of Death Metal concert with his mother Elsa Delplace, 35, and his grandmother Patricia San Martin, 61, when it was attacked by terrorist gunmen.

&gt; Ms Delplace and Ms San Martin were both shot dead as they tried to protect him - leaving him covered in blood.

The headline should include the grandmother too :(
most moms say they would take a bullet for their kids, thankfully most don't have to. RIP brave ladies
This is heartbreaking, the kind of stuff I really don't wanna think about for too long, just think of that family, that day wrecked havoc on it.
&gt; In a Facebook post, French journalist Antoine Leiris, whose wife Helene Muyal-Leiris also died in the Bataclan attack, said "you will not have my hatred".

&gt; He said: "I don't know who you are and I don't want to know, you are dead souls. If this God for whom you kill blindly made us in his image, every bullet in the body of my wife is a wound in his heart.

&gt; "So no, I will not give you the satisfaction of hating you. You want it, but to respond to hatred with anger would be to give in to the same ignorance that made you what you are."

Wow. So powerful and spot on. RIP.
I would like to donate to a fund or something for this child 
oh god, my heart ...
That kid's growing up with a lightning bolt scar.

I guarantee it. 
Please don't take this the wrong way, but this is Metal as Fuck.

1)  Mom is true bad ass  
2)  Who brings 5yo to a late night ~~death metal~~ rock concert.   Coolest mom ever, thats who.  
3)  This kid is going to have a truly dark experience growing up.  

I really hope that his family is there for him. I honestly can't think of anything more traumatic.

Keep rocking little dude.   Your momma seriously loves you.
The bravery of the citizens of Paris is beyond words
This in addition to an [$11.25 billion sale of warships](http://www.commondreams.org/news/2015/10/21/midst-war-us-approves-11-billion-combat-ships-saudi-arabia)
Gotta sell weapons to the friends of our enemies - how else would we keep this industrial war complex going.  
I wonder how much is going to get funneled to ISIS by the Saudis?
This is why people should stop taking America's "war on terror" seriously.
Meanwhile, students in US protest Halloween costumes. 
Saudi Arabia, the home of Salafism and Wahhabism, which gave us Al Qaeda and ISIS.


That US foreign policy for you and me...
Cha-ching: The American military industrial complex.
Everyone start writing your senators and representatives. The only way this will be stopped is if we start talking about it. 

Writes an email, write a letter, someone post that copy pasta for dissenting view of [insert here] legislation. 

Congress can vote to block the deal and if you feel negatively about this then you need to write your congress men and women about it immediately.  
Disgusting.
idiots
The title should be "terrorists on american soil who have complete control are selling weapons to terrorists on foreign soil." 
I live in Northern Ireland, where they sure as shit don't shun guns.

I've never seen a policeman without an MP5 and handgun.
It's funny how cops are in London. I either saw them toting full auto MP5s or nothing at all. Absolutely no middle ground. 
Let me give a quick overview on the subject for those who care.  I have a little casual knowledge about this.

So these are the bodies of police that routinely carry firearms.

 - *National (Home Office) Police Services* - only Authorised Firearms Officers (AFOs) and Specialist Firearms Officers (SFOs) are trained to carry and use firearms.  You start off as a regular beat bobbie and can apply after your two year probationary period I think.  Must have a clean complaint record during that time.  Each national service has some firearms people to call upon when needed.  Some are busier than others.

 - *Ministry of Defence Police (MDP)* - basically all are trained to AFO standard.  Routinely armed - MoD says 90% of their officers are armed at any one time.  See [here](http://www.mod.police.uk/firearms-training.html).  They mostly police MoD sites, waterways, and stuff.  Basically security guards.  They can be sent to Afghanistan and the like to aid there, which is a bit odd because I know the Army's Royal Military Police (RMP) have handled police services in these countries too, including training the local police forces.  I don't know who does what.

 - *British Transport Police (BTP)* - they police the UK's railways.  Mostly privatised.  Not routinely armed I don't think.  One of their [Specialist Teams](http://careers.btp.police.uk/about_btp/specialist_teams.aspx) is the Counter Terrorism Support Unit, which includes "Armed Policing Capability".  Interestingly, they carry different guns to other UK police services, AR15s instead of G36s and MP5s.  Don't know why, maybe cheaper.

 - *Civil Nuclear Constabulary (CNC)* - guards areas around nuclear sites, and nuclear materials in transit.  Possibly some overlap with the MDP I think.  All officers trained to AFO standard, routinely armed.

 - *National Crime Agency (NCA)* - newish replacement organisation for the dissolved Serious Organized Crime Agency.  "The UK's FBI" (lol).  They handle major organized crime, heavy firearms, drug and people trafficking stuff, so I supposed it makes sense that they are armed when making arrests.  Honestly I don't know much of how they work, but if you google them you get some swanky publicity pics, so there's that.  And they have been involved in a couple of shootouts already.

And probably some other super special units I'm forgetting.  Maybe some intelligence people, Special Branch, and the like.  But those are the main armed police units as far as I know.

The system works fine enough that nothing will change in the near future.  There would have to be war in the streets before I would expect the police to consider arming more cops.  If anything they should relax some of the rules about civilian gun ownership first - keep most of the licensing rules but allow more calibres and such.  Shooting sports here suck.

Edit: oh shit, I was away for an hour, when I came back I had 10 messages, I was trying to remember what I must have said to piss everybody off!

Since people are actually reading this I'd better add a disclaimer: I have "casual" knowledge of this stuff, meaning *no actual experience*.  I'm not a police officer or soldier or anything like that.  This is all shit I started learning about when I was younger and went through a police officer phase.  We had just got the internet for the first time.  Trying to read pdfs and long articles on dial-up sucks, let me tell you.  So all the above is stuff anybody can find out about with some googling and some googly-moogling.  Later skaters.
Britains been through worse shit than this without changing its policy, why would they suddenly change when france gets attacked?
We have CO19 officers for serious shit. Your average community support officer doesn't need a gun. 
The French police carry guns, that didn't prevent the attacks in Paris nor did it end the attacks. The attacks ended via suicide vests and special swat units. Nations of unarmed beat police like Britain and Ireland to name just two have armed response units and special tactical units that can be called at a moments notice. The reality is the 99% of day to day policing doesn't require a weapon. Due to strict anti gun laws in places like Britain most petty crimes are committed with out fire arms. 
I'm a British citizen, I live south of London in an area that is quite affluent but I have many friends who live in South London boroughs and throughout the city. One notable impact that unarmed police have to the UK is the level of animosity shown from people. It's understandable that a lot of young people who get into trouble show some anger at the police, but I've never seen or met anyone who's threatened violence against the police - maybe it's just my circumstance but since people are less threatened directly by the police, it doesn't foster the animosity that seems to be prevalent in the US.  

(again, just my personal view would be interested to see other interpretations)
yeah we are good mate. if there is an armed situation we have plenty of armed police who come pretty quick. we don't want normal police killing our innocent citizens. the entry exam level is to low to give them guns/
Fuck all this "Anti gun vs Pro gun" shit in the comments.     
I'm Irish, I love that our police force are unarmed, and if you're worried about terorists in the country then welcome to 20 years ago. It's great when a country has no guns, I love it. But at the same time, I think that because America has a population filled with gun nuts it's going to be impossible to have them give it up, which also means it's going to be impossible to have unarmed police there.     
      
Now that I think about it, it's almost like we're different fucking countries with different fucking people and we should accept that and stop bitching about how we should run one another's countries. 
There are still officers that carry firearms across London and the UK in various locations such as airports, stations and the business districts. We do not "shun guns", we just require those that carry them to be specially trained and then deploy these officers where/when they are required. In America every moron with a badge carries a pistol, hence the unacceptable amount of unlawful killings that occur each year.
Whether they are armed or not, the brit police by way of sir peel had/have it right:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peelian_Principles
Even during the height of the IRA bombing campaign in England the Police didn’t carry weapons, it wouldn’t have made a difference even if they had and that was a threat from within the UK.

From what I have seen in the first Paris attack the Police that did have weapons where clearly outmatched in raw power, range and accuracy. 9mm pistols against AK-47 assault rifles and they failed to stop the attackers.

Also unless the officers armed with pistols happen to surprise the attackers the chances of them engaging them effectively aren't great. The majority of the killing was done in the recent attack was within the first ten minutes, not enough time for any Police force to respond in time, armed or not.

Lee Rigby’s (the solider hacked to death in London) killers where contained and later shot / wounded by highly trained armed Police who arrived promptly soon after the attack, of course his attackers did not flee but remained on the scene until the Police arrived before attempting to attack the officers.

UK Police have trained armed officers at major hubs like airports and railway stations, to train every officer in firearms would be a huge expense at a time Police budgets are shrinking. Also not every officer will be proficient at using a gun, what do you do in that case, take them off the streets?

You would be arming an entire force for a threat which to date has not managed to arrive on the streets on the UK (persons armed with assault weapons) due to the efforts of services like the Police, MI6 / Mi6 and the Nation Crime Agency. Yes I know that the attacks on 7/7 where terrorist attacks but again a Police officer with a gun would not have stopped those attackers, indeed armed officers actaully managed to shot dead a totally innocent civilian only days later on the London Underground.



As a British Citizen I would just like to say that I don't want everyday officers to carry guns. I think they are already extremely effective at doing their jobs without the use of firearms. 
Met a retired Bobby from Manchester here in NYC. I asked him how many times he had to beat someone with his Billy club throughout his career. His answer. Never. 
*"There's a reason why we keep the police and military seperate. One exists to fight the enemies of the state, the other exists to protect the people. When the military and police become the same, the enemies of the state tend to become the people."*
Honestly I love our police force. For the most part they're incredibly friendly and helpful people; I fear that increased spending cuts, privatisation of certain security aspects and the potential for them to have guns on the beat will just turn them into the stereotypical American thug cop.
I'm an American living in London and I love that there aren't armed cops everywhere...I find it crazy that I rarely actually see cops.  I was in Copenhagen during the Paris attacks.  I was there Thursday-Sunday and the only police I saw were at the airport.  So weird as an American...that being said there are plenty of armed cops in London now.  They aren't arming the whole force but I see machine guns most days at Victoria and some days in Green Park station.
Yeah, good. I don't want our police to be armed, it changes the whole dynamic of policing &amp; makes criminals more dangerous.
There sure are some insanely immature posts being upvoted in these comments...
We don't need all police to carry guns as we have one of the lowest violent crime rates in the world.  Part of that is because the police don't carry firearms, then most criminals do not feel the need to either.

Secondly, every area has an Armed Response Unit.  If an incident requires police with firearms, cars from that unit are there as quickly as any unit would be if all police officers were armed.

Finally(!) most high risk areas do have armed police on guard anyway.


Result: lower rate of violent crime, lower cost to tax payer, almost zero rate of non-justifiable civilian deaths from police firearms, high risk areas protected anyway.  That's a win/win/win/win situation.
I'd rather have a police officer that I can interact with and not be afraid that they will shoot me on a daily basis.

When situations occur that require armed police, all British police forces have armed response teams with an average response time of under four minutes, and odds are that armed regular police would not have prevented said situation in the first place.

The armed forces use weapons to defend the people against their enemies. The police are there to serve the people. When you arm the police you are turning the people into the enemy.
Where is the vid of the Black guy with a knife in London and 6 cops running from him?
ITT: Americans with their mind blown.
[deleted]
10%... that's officially a decimation. 
I mean, not that I think he's NOT a jerk, but to be fair, he bought it because it was doing really poorly.  This should not be a shock. 
I can't wait till NatGeo turns into the History Channel, just a bunch of terrible reality shows that have less to do with content and education and more to do with television personalities. New show on NatGeo is all about B-list celebrities Vs. child-stars in a month long survival experience in the wild!
This is like what happens to the magazine in the Secret Life of Walter Mitty (the Ben Stiller one). Hopefully a day dreamer will save the National Geographic.....
Hate to rain on the Murdoch Is The Devil parade, but 10% could easily be duplications within the Murdoch media empire (you don't need an in house financial auditor if there's already a staff that covers for the other publications for example) plus all magazines are having to trim staff just to keep afloat. 
I wonder what would happen if like 2% of the people who claim to be outraged actually subscribed. They might not hemorrhage money as much as they clearly were. 
This is sad.  

There was a humorous spot in the article.

It seems the owner of Fox News decided to lay off members in the fact checking department.

I'm sure murdoc was confused as to what that department does...
Would this attack not trigger NATO article 5, and be considered an attack on all NATO members?
Yea let's help defend against the Islamic terrorist. Let's see, we could start by getting the world to put sanctions on Saudia Arabia. You know, the root of all Sunni Islamic extremism, with their Wahabi school of Islam and directly sending money and weapon to ISIS. How about we sanction the shit out of them just like what we did to Iran?
How Article 5 of the NATO treaty works is...

A nation being attacked has to invoke Article 5, they meet at NATO HQ in Brussels and all members of NATO agree that it was an attack.

"The Parties agree that an armed attack against one or more of them in Europe or North America shall be considered an attack against them all and consequently they agree that, if such an armed attack occurs, each of them, in exercise of the right of individual or collective self-defence recognised by Article 51 of the Charter of the United Nations, will assist the Party or Parties so attacked by taking forthwith, individually and in concert with the other Parties, such action as it deems necessary, including the use of armed force, to restore and maintain the security of the North Atlantic area.

Any such armed attack and all measures taken as a result thereof shall immediately be reported to the Security Council. Such measures shall be terminated when the Security Council has taken the measures necessary to restore and maintain international peace and security."

Since this is similar to the 9/11 attack invocation, here is what NATO says about that

"The United States has been the object of brutal terrorist attacks. It immediately consulted with the other members of the Alliance. The Alliance determined that the US had been the object of an armed attack. The Alliance therefore agreed that if it was determined that this attack was directed from abroad, it would be regarded as covered by Article 5. NATO Secretary General, Lord Robertson, subsequently informed the Secretary-General of the United Nations of the Alliance's decision.

Article 5 has thus been invoked, but no determination has yet been made whether the attack against the United States was directed from abroad. If such a determination is made, each Ally will then consider what assistance it should provide. In practice, there will be consultations among the Allies. Any collective action by NATO will be decided by the North Atlantic Council. The United States can also carry out independent actions, consistent with its rights and obligations under the UN Charter.

Allies can provide any form of assistance they deem necessary to respond to the situation. This assistance is not necessarily military and depends on the material resources of each country. Each individual member determines how it will contribute and will consult with the other members, bearing in mind that the ultimate aim is to "to restore and maintain the security of the North Atlantic area".

By invoking Article 5, NATO members have shown their solidarity toward the United States and condemned, in the strongest possible way, the terrorist attacks against the United States on 11 September.

If the conditions are met for the application of Article 5, NATO Allies will decide how to assist the United States. (Many Allies have clearly offered emergency assistance). Each Ally is obliged to assist the United States by taking forward, individually and in concert with other Allies, such action as it deems necessary. This is an individual obligation on each Ally and each Ally is responsible for determining what it deems necessary in these particular circumstances.

No collective action will be taken by NATO until further consultations are held and further decisions are made by the the North Atlantic Council."
Maybe we can put Sadam Hussein back into power to stabilize the region. 
It's nice to hear the words, but I just wonder what they mean specifically by "aid". Like, France is an equally developed nation so I wonder what we can offer besides moral support in this particular situation.
Maybe stop supporting Saudi Arabia and they won't be able to fund isis????
High fives at Lockheed Martin today.
Man, after watching Obama's press conference you can really tell his two terms have really caused him to lose his faith in humanity. Hope he has a peaceful retirement one day, man deserves it. 
Maybe we can stop supporting Islamists in syria
Feel good meaningless words when you're literally allied with Saudi Arabia.
"What is true is that from the start, our goal has been first to contain and we have contained them."

Obama talking about ISIS this morning. 
"We are prepared to pretend to fight ISIS while dropping billions of shrinkwrapped dollars into the middle of the desert."
Did anyone notice the caption of the photo?  It says he was arrested last week.  The linked German news story says it was on the 5^th.  Crazy to think this may have been prevented.

&gt;  On November 5, Rosenheim veil investigators had stopped on the highway Salzburg-Munich in Bad Feilnbach a car, where they found several weapons and explosives
In a German article they said that his GPS was set to go to Paris, I'm assuming that's the link they're talking about?
A German article with much more information´s: 
http://www.br.de/nachrichten/schleierfahnder-attentat-paris-100.html

Translation:
Has the german police informed the french public authorities in time of possible attacks? **At 5.November** Rosenheimer "Schleierfahnder"(*Officers who controll cars*) stoped a car on the highway Salzburg-Muinch near Bad Feilnbach, which contains multiple weapons and explosives. Meanwhile,Bavarian Prime Minister Horst Seehofer confirmed to the Bayerischer Rundfunk that the driver  maybe belongs to the circle of assassins of Paris. 

At a routine check the investigators stopped a VW Golf who was in transit between Salzburg and Munich. Driver of the car was an 51 years old man from Montenegro. Under the engine hood the officials found 2 pistols and a grenade. The officers took experts of the State Office of criminal Investigation in. These found insight the car eight Kalashnikow riffles with ammunition, multiple Pistols , two grenades and 200 Gramm explosives in different hiding places. Thereupon ,the man got arrested. Investigations in Montenegro arising that the 51 years old was not known by the local police. The Investigators check at the moment If and how he is involved with the depredate series of terrorist attacks in Paris. This confirmed Bavaria's secretary of the interior Joachim Herrmann:" When somebody carries Kalaschnikows, grenades and explosives, he could be someone out of the serious crime area. However, the suspicion seems likely that he had terroristic  intentions , or delivering weapons for terrorists. Due to the data of his navigation system and his handy there are clear references he wanted to go to france"

The ARD- Terrorisms expert Holger Schmidt has substantiate the references via Twitter. He found out that the navigation system was programmed to lead him onto a public parking place in Paris. Also the secured documents arise serious evidence the man was on his way towards Paris. The more important question is how the german public authorities cooperate with their french fellows. Out of LKA(*Here the Bavarian  Crime Commission*) rings we knew that the German Crime Commision immediately after the arrest contacted the french public authorities with details of the case. The reaction from Paris was conservative: The german police should place a letters rogatory, when they need information's from france

Sorry for the long post. English is not my native language so expect grammar errors

There must be many more. There is small chance it is only one guy with a volkswagon  golf. 
He had 8 Kalashnikovs and a lot of Ammo! Thats scary..
That's great!  They are going to find lots more and stop more attacks.
This is going to be really hard. These motherfuckers are everywhere. They just do not stop!

Glad the german police got that guy though, maybe they can get information out of him and help us stop the next attack.
I hope this is the right person
The real question is why we're importing milk into Canada when we have one of the best dairy industries in the world. If we have a shortage of milk, take off the quota restriction on dairy cows and let local farms fill the deficit. Sounds more like a play for legalizing it in Canada on the premise that imports are ok, so why not local dairy? Strange.
Trade deals are now so ridiculous dairy cows are getting their jobs outsourced to other countries.
Hopefully the new government will reject the treaty.
&gt; Most notably, it's illegal in Canada to administer bovine growth hormone (rBST) to boost milk production in dairy cattle. But there's no such restriction in the U.S.

&gt; No new certification or inspection regime appears set to screen milk destined for import into Canada. It's also unclear whether U.S. milk would be segregated at Canadian processing facilities, or simply mixed with Canadian product.

I can understand why Canadians would be concerned about this. I'm sure *something* good has come out of the TPP, but it sure seems like all the negatives greatly outweigh the good.
Canada is not so innocent when it comes to trying to nix protectionism - their beef industry just sued (and won)  in a WTO court against "product of USA" labels under NAFTA rules.

 Mexico did the same a few years back and that's why you no longer see tuna in the US labeled "dolphin free".

What part of a "free market" prevents consumers from having information they want to spend their $ as they see fit? This is bad policy on a good day and corporate fascism on any other day.
If Canadian consumers really care about this, they can vote with their wallets and buy Canadian milk. Personally, I welcome the competition and look forwards to the break up of the Canadian dairy cartel. 

Supply management sucks. It taxes the 99% to the benefit of the 0.01% of Canadians who own quotas. 
[removed]
While the black boxes are important to any plane crash investigation, on site investigation is just as important, residue and the damage pattern from a bomb would be almost immediately apparent.
This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/world/egypt-crash-jet-flown-by-airline-with-chequered-record/ar-BBmKjhp?ocid=News) reduced by 82%. (I'm a bot)
*****
&gt; The Russian airline whose Airbus plane crashed in Egypt killing all 224 people on board has a chequered history including another fatal accident and has not paid its staff for two months.

&gt; The 18-year-old Airbus plane that crashed in Egypt on Saturday had previously been flown by a string of other airlines: Lebanon&amp;#039;s MEA, Turkey&amp;#039;s Onur Air and Saudi Arabian Airlines, the Russian business daily Kommersant reported.

&gt; Former director of France&amp;#039;s BEA aviation investigation agency, said Russia has much upgraded its fleet recently and got rid of old planes that had the worst safety record.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/3raq9g/the_russian_airline_whose_airbus_plane_crashed_in/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ "Version 1.6, ~11783 tl;drs so far.") | [Theory](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept/) | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr "PMs and comment replies are read by the bot admin, constructive feedback is welcome.") | *Top* *five* *keywords*: **plane**^#1 **airline**^#2 **Russia**^#3 **crash**^#4 **fleet**^#5
This isn't the Russia I know. 
Who works for free for 2 months? The better question is how can these people afford to work for free for 2 months?

I know if i miss a single paycheck i'm kinda screwed.
It is starting to sound more and more like a bomb. The "tail" falling off after 30 minutes of flight at a cruising altitude of 31,000 is highly unlikely. I wonder how Russia will react if it were a bomb.
They are just bringing up some facts that may not relate to the incident.
Wow, this is good news! My cable bill has gotten astronomical, we keep talking about cutting the cord but it is not easy.  Basic plus Netflix should do us fine.  I guess they will raise cell phone plans even more now.
All I want is Internet service to be cheaper so that I can stream what I want to.

Cable TV is dead.
as a kid, after my mom canceled our cable, I remember asking... "Why can't we just pick and choose what channels we want?" 

This was 12 years ago. I'ts about damn time cable company's start having it stuck to them 
Bring this to the US. I just want to watch football. I don't need OWN
Channel pick-and-pay system?
&lt;div class="md"&gt;&lt;p&gt;Channel pick-and-pay system?
What is this?&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
His last venture (mega.nz) the encrypted file storage was basically stolen from him by a Chinese investor. The dude lost control of the company and tweeted about how mega.nz should no longer be trusted.
... with blackjack and hookers. 
"CompuGlobalHyperMegaNet, Junior Vice President, Homer Simpson speaking. How may I direct your call?"
From what I understand, with "non-ip" he is not talking about not using TCP/IP (that is unfeasible) but rather to not address each computer with an IP. It seems to be a distributed scheme and thus it relies on anonymity, but the fact is that each device in the network is going to store fragments of files and thus each person involved can potentially be prosecuted.
despite EVERYTHING, i admire that guy and his energy that he puts in his projects
He *is* the leading authority on disregarding IP
Toot toot, all aboard Kim Kimble's next unscrupulous attempt to keep his name in the news! All aboard!

A surprising number of people don't realize his history. I remember him  boasting about "hacking Bin Laden", and other narcissistic inanities during the 90s.
If ISIS getting off of Twitter means governments can no longer monitor their communications, then the NSA really sucks at their job.
I think the girls who tricked isis into sending them $3000 are cooler http://www.telegraph.co.uk/women/womens-life/11775228/Three-Chechen-girls-catfished-isis.-Now-theyre-internet-heroes.html
Serious question, but what if the government intelligence agencies left these online assets alone on purpose? In order to gather info or whatever? I mean, surely they have the capability and resources (not to mention administrative powers) to shut down all those ISIS assets if they wanted to, but elected not to?
I'm glad Anonymous is actually doing something this time. Instead of expelling hot air. Not that I'm actively doing anything. But still, makes me kind of happy.



EDIT: This is getting bigger than I thought it would. Real quickly. A bit too quickly for me to keep up with. Thanks for all the replies! I'm glad I got to start a discussion! :)
So, 2 tin cans and a rope?
Here I was thinking the fundamentals of spying were pretty logic and easy to understand. Seeing the massive amounts of ignorance spewed made me doubt that.

Reddit, just... just how are you gonna spy on an enemy if you go up to them and punch them in the face? Ponder on that for a minute and then ask yourself again why it seems like the spy agencies are doing nothing.
i live in the area. This has been going on for years, its just this year that partially butched corpses show up. Normally the herds just comeback a few heads shy. 
With the price of beef in Canada I am not surprised
I was visiting Alaska when they caught a guy doing this to moose.  Hunting culture is a big deal up there - its a fact of life that everybody hunts then trades the meat - here's some of my sheep for your bear steaks, etc.  

Well this one guy was cutting the backstrap (best steak on a moose, according to the opinion of the person telling me this story) of moose and leaving the other **800 lbs of meat** to rot.  Basically only taking the amount of meat a person could carry on foot in one trip - he never made return trips.

 He did this to 3 moose in a small time frame.

When they caught him, they gave him 25 years in prison.  They do not fuck around with hunting laws or blatant disrespect of hunting culture in Alaska.  Some of the locals thought 25 years was too lenient and wanted to kill him.  

His defense was that he was hunting on foot without any way to get the rest of the moose home, so he'd only take what he could carry in a single trip.  Nobody cared about this.  

800 lbs of moose feeds a lot of people.  No need to kill another animal when that one will last you and several other families the entire winter.
Maybe the perp is a guy who got into a bad car wreck and was found by an experimental surgeon/biologist who reassembled his body parts with some animal parts incorporated, this granting him the physical strength and primal hunger of the animal while retaining most of the reasoning ability of the man.
Fucking come on, Vice; "hangry"?  "a nice chianti"?  I realize that you're going for the Gonzo High Times sort of journalism but come the fuck on, that's just trite...
Oh my god thats awful, poor cattle.

P.M me for cheap steaks by the way.
[deleted]
Lots of reports recently of cattle rustling in north america. Sign of the times, things are tough all over. 
Carcasses. Corpses are all human. 
Everyone here is acting like it's a great thing. But the people in ISIS who are going to flee a battle are probably the same people who were conscripted when their town or village was overrun by ISIS. They were probably given the choice: fight or die. They aren't the real psychopaths. They're probably just people trying to survive and it's sad that their lives ended this way. The true fanatics who deserve death probably aren't the kind of people to flee from battle. They believe they'll be rewarded in heaven if they go down fighting so there's nothing for them to run from.
I bet many of them were forced to join when the cities were taken over
ISIS is showing many signs of weakening. In the last few months they have  lost a lot of territory, with major losses in Aleppo and Sinjar in only the last few weeks. Also, their recent posturing as being powerful (Paris attack, killing deserters, etc) can be a sign of a desperate leadership or ineffective recruiting. If a modern army is put on the ground it probably would not take very long to defeat them. However,  they will still exist in the form of disjointed clandestine cells much like al-Qaeda and as the Iraq and Afghanistan wars have taught us we can't defeat that. We really need to think of a new way to combat terrorism that does not involve dropping billions of dollars of ordinance on Toyotas as this seems to be completely ineffective. 
[deleted]
Maybe ISIS isn't such a bad guy, he is killing ISIS after all!
Ninjas are so gay. 
[removed]
[removed]
The Twitter account *Raqqa is being slaughtered silently* reported the drone strike last night and have ['confirmed' his death](https://twitter.com/Raqqa_SL/status/665124607096041472).

For context: the account is run anonymously by residents of Raqqa. They also reported the killing of the Jordanian pilot long before ISIS confirmed it. 

Jihadi John's father was just shown on the news saying he didn't think his son's death was meaningful because he was a nobody and ISIS is still out there. Dude went on to say he wished the media wouldn't sensationalize it because his son could become a martyr and attract new recruits to the cause. As soon as they cut back to the anchors and analysts, it's like they didn't hear a single word he said. 
worst youtuber ever
Good.
Isn't this the second time they killed him?
Drone kills are notoriously hard to corroborate, I'm going to take this with just a pinch of salt. 
&gt;There has been no official confirmation of his death but a senior military official told Fox News the US was "99 per cent sure we got him", while a Pentagon source told the BBC there was "a high degree of certainty" that Emwazi was killed.

OP your title is misleading.
It's odd feeling such satisfaction due to another human's death. But for real, that guy was a real dick cheeseburger. Wish we could kill him again.
Rot in hell you fucking son of a bitch.
Am I the only one who has no clue who the fuck "Jihadi John" was?
&gt; At least one other person is believed to have (been) in the car when it was hit.

Worst Uber pickup ever... 
"The whole earth, perpetually steeped in blood, is nothing but a vast altar upon which all that is living must be sacrificed without end, without measure, without pause, until the consummation of things, until evil is extinct, until the death of death."

- Joseph de Maistre
Excellent news to wake up to. The world is down one psychopathic, religiously-deranged murderer. Only a few thousand more to go. Let the drones fly!
I'm going to get flamed for this but..my immediate reaction was 'his poor family'. From what I understand, they're a normal family who's son is (was?) a total fuck up (yes I know I'm putting it lightly.) 

Anyways, I can't imagine what it would feel like if a child of mine went down this path, and became such a monster that random people on the internet could have such joy from his demise. 

I suppose I feel like his victims are not only the people he killed and their families but his own as well. 
Have u guys seen the Guardian coverage of this news?

Why post so many pictures of him, a lot of of him as a child?
It's ridiculous, they take more care of this psycho than of the victims...
I thought Schengen was supposed to apply to Europe, not to the entire Middle East and Africa.
I agree. The whole goal of terrorism is to terrorize and divide. We need to remain strong and carry on. That's how to beat their ideology.

Besides, when you're dealing with people who aren't afraid to die, there's nothing you can do to be secure. If they really want to they'll find a way to kill you. What we need to do is wipe this cancer out before they get any worse. That's my opinion, at least. 
A country having border controls is not "the end of Europe."
I think the end of Europe would be letting in millions of migrants who have much higher birthrates and a drastically different culture.
Oh Reddit.

NSA reading our e-mails?

&gt; Those who would give up Essential Liberty, to purchase a little Temporary safety, deserve neither Liberty nor Safety

Destroy Schengen and keep all refugees out? 

&gt; It wouldn't be the end of Europe for fucks sake. It would be the start of a more secure Europe.

&gt; Just like Israel building fences and walls is the end of Israel right?

&gt; Welcome to the beginning of the new Europe. Make sure to praise Allah and never draw Mohammad or you'll be slaughtered at a rock concert.

Dude that holds white supremacist ideology shoots and kills African-Americans in African-American church: society (rightfully) condemns his *beliefs* that manifested in violence.

Israel builds walls and expands geographically: global community (rightfully - in most cases) condemns Zionist ideology that has manifested in the above-referenced policies.

Christian baker refuses to make cakes for members of the LGBT community: society condemns their Christian ideology as being backwards and intolerant. 

Christians rally to ensure their tax money doesn't support any facet of Planned Parenthood because of their religious convictions: society condemns these groups and declares, "A War on Women."

Self-described Islamists, or dubbed "Islamic Terrorists (a phrase many now try to avoid) carry out thousands of terrorist attacks over a 20 year period, maiming and killing millions of innocent people: NOT all Muslims are terrorists. In fact, terrorists *can not* be Muslims. Islam is a peaceful and tolerant religion. If you say anything but that, you're a racist! I clearly don't know what racist means because Islam isn't a race, but my college professor told me that racism is prejudice plus power, dictionary and common understanding be damned.  

Edit: Since some seem to be misunderstanding my point I want to clarify the purpose of this post. (Taking from a reply) - every social science in existence attempts to qualify and quantify data by looking at things like what environment was that person (or group of people) in, what motivated that person, etc... It doesn't make any sense to me why Islamic terrorism (and frankly a lot of Islamic beliefs) should be exempt from critical analysis.

I'm struggling to understand how so many folks who cherish liberal values give a clearly illiberal ideology (Islamic terrorism) and illiberal religion (Islam - as widely interpreted and practiced around the world) such a pass. 
Just like Israel building fences and walls is the end of Israel right?

Why do they keep feeding us this bullshit rhetoric.
"From Russia, with love"
Hopefully they don't accidentally get sent to Paris.
I'm surprised no body posted [this image yet...](http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-dcRivbo-K-Y/UzDSY2SCb4I/AAAAAAAAI1w/JKOCBcqN2hY/s1600/Easter+eggs+for+Hitler,+1945.jpg) similar situation happened in WWII.
translated as "for paris" could be a bit confusing. 
i'll try to explain. it's more like "this is revenge for what you've done in paris"
another bomb had a sign "за наших". that means "this is revenge for our people"

That's such a Russian thing to do.

"I show sympathy with bomb, I bomb enemy, bomb make everything better"
It's probably because I'm drunk, but I think it's fucked that it's completely normal to us to see a headline about bombs getting sent to Syria. Like, I couldn't even imagine what it would be like if the world was desensitized to the notion that bombs were getting sent to be dropped on my home. I know it's ISIS, but for the others man.. it's fucked up.
Should just inscribe "Cyka Blyat"
*Bombs intended for ISIS accidentally dropped on Paris because of confusion over destination*
спасибо.
So does this mean we're cool with Russia about the whole Ukraine thing then?
Russia also knows how to ride the hate train. 
I think many redditors ignore how much the French and Russian people have in common. I don't know about the russians, but lots of French are fond of Russia.
The USAF had their take on this as well, except they did it before the Russians: http://imgur.com/X2ouHrU
There is news, and then there is pure propaganda. From the cute dog dying to Russia sending messages via bombs, some announcements are doing nothing but adding emotional spins.
I'm sure the innocent civilian casualties will appreciate the sentiment
Paint them like pigs 
Gotta love how reddit falls for the Kremlins cheap PR moves. The Coalition countries have done way more for France than Russia.

Putin does not fight ISIS, he helps Assad whether he is fighting "Terrorists", ISIS or the Rebels. 4/5 Targets of Russian bombs were NOT ISIS.

http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/10/21/us-mideast-crisis-syria-russia-strikes-idUSKCN0SF24L20151021

The combined effort of Putin and Assad has killed more than 6 times the amount of civilians as ISIS has in their WHOLE EXISTENCE. 80% of the Syrian civil war is between Assad and the Rebels, not ISIS.

http://www.businessinsider.com/assads-government-still-kills-way-more-civilians-than-isis-2015-2?IR=T

http://www.vocativ.com/news/224151/syria-government-assad-kills-more-civilians-than-isis/

http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/syrian-government-forces-responsible-for-more-civilian-deaths-than-isis-human-rights-group-claims-a6673956.html

http://newirin.irinnews.org/dataviz/2015/8/17/syria-government-threat-bombing-douma

Russian Intervention has killed a LOT more Syrian civilians than the Paris attack.

http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/russia-in-syria-moscow-air-strikes-have-killed-thousands-of-civilians-already-warns-uk-defence-a6698751.html

http://www.vocativ.com/news/247479/russian-airstrikes-killed-more-syrian-civilians-than-isis-fighters/

[deleted]
Everyone who died was somebody but it sucks when a face and name is put to the tragedy. 
Great, funny, band.  Haven't heard their name for years until yesterday.  I wish his family and friends well.
This man was in the merch booth when this happened working for the band. Nick was a great guy. RIP
So sad to read this. I spoke with him a few times at their gig last week. He seemed like a really cool, funny guy. He was just selling cds and t shirts, his poor family :( 
I was at the show with my wife, we saw Nick right when we walked in. The booth was set up where the IS pieces of shit entered the concert...so fucking sad.

Edit: I'm overwhelmed by the kind words and well-wishes... Never thought I would find a small bit of comfort in this venue, so I thank you. 
This whole thing has really messed me up. I think being a fan of Eagles of Death Metal has put this into persepective for me. These 100+ people and I had something in common. It may be something as trivial as music, but it adds humanization to the number of people dead. My thoughts go out to everyone affected by this tragedy.
Crazy to think that being at the wrong place at the wrong time means the end of your life. Poor guy
[This](http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/world-news/paris-attack-third-terror-squad-6834874) shows a picture of him with his girlfriend. It breaks my heart to think about how she'll never get to see him or talk to him again. I'm hugging my SO so much today. 
Who would ever, ever expect, that their life would end like this? I hate. So much. Because this kind of shit does not need to happen.
Could explain the location of the second and third explosions. First explosion was meant to be inside the stadium, second &amp; third were meant to occur as fans rushed away from the stadium?
This was supposed to be their biggest attack. Whoever discovered the bomb should be given a goddamn medal. They saved the game of soccer being played in France
The terrorists must have been furious that the game continued...not only did they fail to kill any spectators, they couldn't even stop a game of soccer
This makes it clearer why the stadium wasn't evacuated (explosions occurred outside the stadium) and how the game could continue (the noise was assumed to be fireworks by spectators).
Scary to think how much worse it could have been.
If he did detonate inside the stadium then that would have been absolutely CATASTROPHIC. Dozens killed by the blast and can you imagine the mass panic of 70,000 people? All on live tv.
Wow, this might be the first example ever of a stadium security check actually foiling a terrorist attack.  Kinda.  
Ah there we go. I was just waiting for something like this. I thought that was kind of fishy as soon as I heard about it. I mean, it's a stadium full of people. A really good target. And then there is an explosion and only 2(?) people die. Something didn't seem right about that. I figured someone must've spottet the guy or something, given that the timeing was shit, too. 
Goddamn that is scary
&gt;The guard—who asked to be identified only by his first name, Zouheir—said the attacker was discovered wearing an explosives vest when he was frisked at the entrance to the stadium about 15 minutes into the game. France was playing an exhibition against Germany inside.

Scary to think what may have happened had he arrived on time amidst the thousands of other people entering the stadium. That said, it is my experience in America that I have never entered a stadium without being asked to lift my shirt and expose the contents of vests/hoodies. Hopefully the procedure is the same in Europe.
Post 9/11 where passengers won't allow a hijacking I always thought a packed stadium was the obvious target.  Glad to see their security isn't just theater like TSA.
One civ, good catches guys.. Seriously, this is one of the biggest successful acts of counter terrorism since '01.
If I read well, the guy tried to go inside the stadium and they noticed the vest so they didn't allow him. But why not arrest him there? Or call police?
As a Turk I see this in here first. Goodjob reddit. 

edit after 900+ upvotes: I'm using google DNS guys. Maybe thats why :)
At first only a few subreddits like /r/gonewild were blocked then a few weeks ago imgur was banned too. I'm not surprised. Most people who use reddit in Turkey know how to get around the ban anyway. That's not the worrying part since it's not so popular here, but that it sets a predecent for similar Turkish sites to be blocked.
Wow. This happened when I was over there studying for my graduate program as well during the Gezi Park protests. A few websites we used were blocked, Turks that we were staying with were furious. Gonna be a lot of heat on the Erdogan government over the next few weeks after what happened yesterday, things like this certainly won't help. 
With France likely to invoke article 5, will be interesting to see how the NATO/Turkey relationship works out...
Absolute bull. İ'm Currently redditting from Turkey.

Edit: Reddit works when im using WiFi (TTNET), but not when im using my 3g (Türkcell) internet, but im not redirected to the telecommunications ministry's usual web page that you're redirected to when trying to access a site that's been blocked by them. weird.
Why can't this happen in America?
if any Scientologists here are reading this, I often go to your book shops on Saturday afternoons, and I pretend to be interested and I pretend to know nothing and I just waste the book shops staff time for my own enjoyment.

before you say that I am stupid for doing this, this is my religion, and my god demands I waste the time of Scientology church members, please respect my beliefs.

A few European courts are finally strapping a pair on. Sure hope US/CA/UK will be following suit soon.
I've mentioned it a bunch of times, but it bears repeating.

The church of scientology is firmly entrenched because of [Operation Snow White.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Snow_White)
IT isn't a church, it is a scam and too many people spend a fortune on rubbish courses and get sucked into their nonsense "beliefs"
It it noted that this does not apply to Greece, which is the first country most people actually enter through (not because of some whim but because there is a court ruling that says Greece is not capable of taking proper care of the refugees). 
Only if they've been registered in said country in the first place, which the vast majority of the refugees haven't. It also doesn't apply to Greece.

This will have very little impact, which is also the reason why the SPD agrees with the plans ("plans" is the wrong word as this is already in effect since October 21).
Once the war is over or before?
"there and back again"

an immigration tale by germany
"I have altered the deal, pray I do not alter it any further."
Sooo.... Let me get this straight.

October 2013: Swedish government announces it will give permanent residency to any refugee from Syria who can reach the country [[1]](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-24635791)

A huge wave of illegal immigration into the EU follows.

Since then, 5000 migrants die trying to cross Mediterranean. [[2]](http://cdn.static-economist.com/sites/default/files/imagecache/original-size/images/2015/09/blogs/graphic-detail/20150905_woc647_1.png)  Some pay $1000s to get into EU.

November 2015: Sweden renegs, asking refugees to not enter the country [[3]](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3rt6uy/swedens_migration_minister_morgan_johansson_has/)

September 10, 2015: Merkel welcomes refugees into Germany, causing a rush across EU borders and another wave of boats from ME/Africa [[4]](http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2015/sep/10/angela-merkel-welcomes-refugees-to-germany-despite/?page=all)

November 2015: Germany renegs [THIS THREAD]

Question: Will Swedish and German leaders admit they made a deadly mistake (that costs thousands of lives), take responsibility, and institute a common-sense policy of helping refugees in the camps in Turkey and Syria? Or will we continue to hear self-righteous hypocritical bullshit about how the rest of EU countries need to do more to invite refugees?

This is, of course, entirely rhetorical. We all know what will happen.
I really hope this doesn't get buried but it should be known. Most of the Syrian refugees are being insanely picky and choosey given the situation. A bunch of Syrians in Finland boycotted food because it wasn't good enough, they then kept demanding money from the Finnish government and most ended up leaving once they got paid..

After everything I hear in detail about the refugees, they really sound like jerks
What about the other 80 % of so called refugees? Nothing but fortune hunters looking for a country with the most benefits.
Why is it that 80% of the "refugees" coming over are young males in there early 20's.  In America we call those people immigrants.
It's setting a horrible precedent to build artificial islands and then declaring the area around it as off-limits.
stop building sand castles in the middle of the ocean
That apostrophe illegally entered your title.
Literally the real life equivalent to Playing a sid meier's civilization game and having the A.I. build a city next to you, then yelling at you for encroaching on their lands the next turn.
Those were international waters that the US entered, not Chinese. Literally no nation on the planet recognizes China's ridiculous territorial claims LOL
Other countries should be sending ships and planes through these international areas.  Let's not have this be propagandized into a China vs. USA dispute, it's a China vs. the rest of the world dispute.
Damn, they've got Liu Kang as the spokesperson for the ministry. That's intense
They can complain all they want.  There's nothing they can do about it.  Any escalation I can think of ends up in violence and the last thing China wants is to go to war with the US.
According to China, everyone needs to respect international boundaries...except China
"What you doing in my waters?"
To all of those people who constantly complain about US international intervention and their "130+ bases around the world",
_this is one of the reasons why_. Half the world has their hands out to the US to protect their assets and maintain their regional stability, because countries like China are actively trying to expand their own territorial borders at the expense of their neighbours.
This is like the US claiming the ocean between Hawaii and California. 
ITT: People making analysis based on their experiences in Civ 5 rather than actual post-WW2 military conflicts.
This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.cnn.com/2015/10/27/asia/us-china-south-china-sea/index.html) reduced by 89%. (I'm a bot)
*****
&gt; China&amp;#039;s Foreign Ministry said in a statement Tuesday that the vessel &amp;quot;Illegally entered into the waters of China&amp;#039;s Spratly Islands."

&gt; Rival claimsThe South China Sea is the subject of numerous rival and often messy territorial claims, with China, Brunei, Malaysia, the Philippines, Taiwan and Vietnam disputing sovereignty of several island chains and nearby waters.

&gt; China&amp;#039;s Foreign Ministry reiterated that its activity in the South China Sea didn&amp;#039;t affect freedom of navigation by sea or air but said it held &amp;quot;Indisputable sovereignty over the Spratly Islands and its nearby waters."


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/3qfhlj/china_says_us_warship_illegally_entered_its_waters/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ "Version 1.6, ~9680 tl;drs so far.") | [Theory](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept/) | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr "PMs and comment replies are read by the bot admin, constructive feedback is welcome.") | *Top* *five* *keywords*: **China**^#1 **U.S.**^#2 **island**^#3 **Sea**^#4 **Chinese**^#5

Post found in [/r/worldnews](http://np.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3qffkr/china_says_us_warship_illegally_entered_its_waters/) and [/r/news](http://np.reddit.com/r/news/comments/3qelt1/china_clams_illegal_us_patrol_china_warned_and/).
I guess the fact that China pulled this same kind of stunt in Alaska while Obama was visiting there caused him to put on his big boy pants and start playing hardball with China.
The US Navy is so unbelievably superior in this world that all the other navy's combined could not challenge it. 
Maybe China should stop building islands that are going to be used as military bases and instead solve their pollution problem. 
Go fuck yourself China 

Sincerely, 
US Navy 
Compared to one of the first things Tony Abbott did after being sworn in which was abolishing the 70 year old science ministry.

Congratulations Canada.
The previous administration's stance on scientific research was a straight-up fucking national disgrace. So I'm sure this will be an improvement.
Even better (or at least as good): he changed the name of the Minister of the Environment to "Minister of the Environment and Climate Change". The previous administration's environment minister was a climate change denier.
OP did you have a stroke midway through writing this title?
the most interesting to thing to me is that there seems to be a thing : "medical geography"
Yay we made it back out of medieval times! :D
Side note, I hated Kristy Duncan. Had her as a prof a few years ago. Judgemental, rude if she didn't agree with you, unrealistic expectations for first years, forced us to buy her book and only use one chapter of, etc. But she was knowledgeable and (overly) passionate about her subjects, so there's that.
[deleted]
Canada has it so fucking made now and as an American I'm jealous. We love you Canada, fight the good fight! 
As if they aren't sick enough, they know little children will pick up the toys.  Is there anything these terrorist shit bags won't stoop to doing? 
There just has to be a point where one ISIS guy turns to the other as they're stuffing bombs into a Barbie doll and says, *Are we the badies?*
Just when you think they can't possibly get any scummier.

&gt; 18 dolls stuffed with bombs...
So... they were trying to kill small children on an Islamic pilgrimage. Wow, what devout Muslims!
My blow up doll doesn't look like theirs. 
Come on Barbie, let's Jihadi.
Orrrr they just want to take credit for it. I'll wait for evidence 
They claim responsibility for everything. I will take it with a pinch of salt. Next they may even claim responsibility for the conspiracy against Chelsea
I doubt it, but let's wait and see. I feel like these terrorist groups just take credit for everything regardless if they did it. If  an earthquake destroyed Moscow I am sure they would claim that was them too. 
ITT.



*Parent comment:* They just claim responsibility for it, probably didn't do it.


*Level 2 comment:* They'd probably claim responsibility for natural disasters too.


*Level 3 comment:* But natural disasters are allahs will. hue hue hue.



There, I just saved you people the trouble of going through this thread.
Syria is going to become a prime tourist destination for Russian troops.
Not sure why they want to fuck with the Russians like this.  The Russians absolutely do not hold back when it comes to war.  The concept of "political correctness" in war does not exist with Russians like it does in the US or Western Europe.  The Russian military has absolutely no problem steamrolling entire cities to wipe out insurgents.

Insurgents have an advantage where they use and act like civilians to gain a military advantage over a conventional army, but such tactics don't work when the conventional army that you're fighting completely wipes out anything and everything in its path with full support from their government and civilian population.

Guerrilla warfare works pretty well against the US military because the latter absolutely cannot do anything at all to kill civilians or else there will be massive amounts of American citizens opposed to it.  The US military was completely crippled by the fact that they had to fight a war so *carefully* with such strict RoE's.  In WW2 the US could carpet bomb entire cities and kill 200,000 innocent civilians in one day, with full support from American citizens back at home.  They fought an enemy by completely destroying *everything*.  All materiel, almost all fighting age men killed (Germany had to use children towards the end), and all cities/structures reduced to rubble. Germany couldn't continue to fight because they literally had *nothing* to fight with. 

The US can't do that today.  But Russia still can.  IS can fuck with the US all day, but they can't really afford to fuck with Russia.
bull shit
Do you want to get bombed to the stone age by the Russians? Because this is how you get bombed to the stone age by the Russians.
[deleted]
Since a number of comments have questioned about the fairness of a country like India which makes drugs (mainly generic) cheaply and sells it at a low cost but does not develop any drugs, let me explain a little.

India has patent laws like most of the Western countries. We didn't have a decent law for quite some time, but we do now, due to several trade agreements which required this. However, there are some important points.

First, India does not directly (without studying) grant a patent if one has been granted in a different country. I was told that some countries just grant patents if you have a US or maybe EU patent. But India does not do this.

Second, section 3d of the act specifically deals with improvements to existing patents. Several pharmaceutical companies are known to utilize a process called evergreening, where they make a small modification to the drug for which they have a patent, and then get the patent for the new modified drug. In india, section 3d ensures that a new patent can be given to a modified version of an existing drug only if the new molecule increases the efficacy by some significant amount. So, it is not that companies cannot get patents for the drug they have researched, invested in and developed. It's just that after the patent time limit, they cannot use evergreening to hold monopoly over the drug, which happens a lot in US and EU. After the patent period lapses, several companies produce the generic version to be sold at very low prices. This is also applicable to other patents, but has had a large impact in the pharmaceutical industry due to legal cases which went all the way to the Supreme Court of India.

Third, specifically with respect to certain drugs which are necessary and considered life saving to the extent where no similar drug exists in the market, the act allows for the cheaper version of the drug to be manufactured by an indian company even if the patent period has not lapsed, but pay a portion of the revenue to the patent holding company. This section also mandates that the drug should be sold only within India and cannot be exported. This act is added to ensure that in the worst case scenario, the health of the citizen is put ahead of corporate profits. Till now as far as I know, this clause has been used only once for one drug and is to be allowed in extremely rare cases. Also this is only allowed if the original price of the drug is so high that it cannot be afforded by the average citizen.

For those interested in more, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7M44W85g6yY

Edit: Several comments seem to be relating my comment with the article posted by OP. The article has nothing to do with patent laws. The government is merely selling the drugs at lower rates at a cost to the state exchequer. AIIMS is a centrally funded institute. HLL Lifecare is also owned by the government.
[removed]
Docitexel, a medicine used in Chemotherapy which uset to be sold at ₹13, 440 will be available now at ₹889. A 93% rebate for 1 cycle.

 ₹66 = 1 $


as an Indian I would love people all over the world come to India for medication !
Finally an Iran deal I can agree to: We take all your good looking women and you can keep you 'moral' superiority. We'll send pictures now and then. 
So what was that about how she was totally safe? 
smart she now has a legal avenue for refugee status in most developed nations
Oh, how low Persia has fallen.
Come to America and it'll be win win for both countries. America gets to have another beautiful actress and Iran gets to expel someone it doesn't want.
[Her instagram account](https://instagram.com/sadaftaheriann/). She is beautiful.
She can stay with me. I personally love it when women don't wear hijabs.
Sounds like a loving and tolerant religious experience, just like how Reddit says everything about it is misunderstood.
This just proves that Christopher Hitchens was telling the truth and just how disingenuous Islam apologists can be.

 http://youtu.be/CUHGCIW0Oes
Being forced to flea Iran is more like a reward than a punishment 
One of the many reasons they're on the state-sponsored terrorism list.  Glad she made it out okay. There's probably a book deal waiting for her somewhere. 
Well at least it was unanimous. 

I mean, having to impeach a member of your executive branch for plotting to kill another member is bad, but it seems like the rest of the government agrees that its a thing that shouldn't happen.
"The government has called the explosion an assassination attempt. The U.S. FBI, which investigated the explosion at the government's request, said **it found no evidence that it was caused by a bomb.**"
Crusader Kings is leaking again. 
Ok... not not not true... Cuban here born and rise on a farm in Holguin. The government manipulates and shows examples to media of urban farming and very other methods of using pets.. the government do supplies only about 20% of local consumption the rest is imported of by "campesinos" local farmers, those that supply 80% of the country food use pestised, organics and not  ALL THE TIME. Its true the Gov tries to bring organic farming BUT this is FAR from been true at all. Poor economical intensives, controlled farming, poor land and irrigation is the main reason. 
This is not true, Cuba imports about 80 percent of its food, however, the methods by which they avoid pests are revolutionary.

Edit: source http://faostat.fao.org/site/342/default.aspx
Edit: clarification also (i thought i'd never write this) RIP my inbox.

as much as i hate wikipedia i'm going to list it here https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Agriculture_in_Cuba
note that they export suger in vast quantities, consequently they look like a net exporter. however, they still import 80% of the food they eat.
Also worth noting, this story comes from TeleSur, which is/was the personal mouthpiece of the Chavista Revolution and therefore exists to produce pro-commie propaganda. 
The keyword here is "rationed products". It doesn't matter how advanced your science is, if you still have rationed products and your population survives from rationing, it's not an advanced country. 

If you believe in TeleSur, you are eating government propaganda with a spoon.

By the way, this is the kind of article that should be rationed. 
i'm calling this BS...as a Cuban...potatoes are rationed, meat is atrociously expensive and of poor quality...and you'll find rice from Vietnam and chicken from Iran...

and that is not talking about the libreta de abastecimiento - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rationing_in_Cuba
Misleading title, should be edited by moderators.
Uh.... the average citizen in cuba is eating not a whole lot.  Maybe that's ok, but its not like they have abundance, and are borderline malnourished for many citizens.  There are basically no protein sources outside of beans for anybody who isn't in the military or a rich tourist.
[removed]
Having very recently visited Cuba and see the number of people suffering from starvation and other such "niceties" from Cuba's attempt at Communism, all I can say is... whatever. 

Friends went to Cuba told me they have nothing to eat other than rice and beans... 80% of the food is imported... We are happy Cuba enjoy a pesticide free agriculture but before they are autonomous this is a bit of a joke.
The point that people should be realizing is that this country was basically alone and left to its own resources to fight off pests, and they did a good damn job of it. Cuba sounds like a country that is actually trying to clean itself up, most of the big countries in the world can't even begin to focus on that.
Final outcome : 

- 2 killed : the kamikaze woman who blew herself up and an other terrorist who have probably been killed by police's grenades.

- 7 arrested : 3 in the first appartment, 2 outside and 2 in another appartment (*edit : it's said to be the apartment owner and a friend of him*).

- 5 policemen with light wounds.

- 1 dog killed.

**No** civil killed/wounded.

Source : http://www.lemonde.fr/attaques-a-paris/article/2015/11/18/assaut-a-saint-denis-ce-qu-on-sait-ce-qu-on-ignore_4812399_4809495.html
According to police 3 terrorists died, and 3 in custody. To be frank the security force did a fabulous job, well done, and rest in peace Diesel the brave Belgian Shepherd police dog killed by ISIS terrorists in Paris this morning.
Have people seen this picture?

http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2015/11/18/10/2E8E571800000578-3323196-image-a-31_1447840971328.jpg

One of the terrorists was arrested and marched out with no trousers and his naked bum on show. Apparently his pants and underwear were removed to make sure there was no suicide belt - but it'll sting the jihadis to know they're being paraded around with no pants
cant wait for the latest developments since 3 were caught alive
Counter Terrorists Win! 
I'm a bit curious about what the owner of the apartment room said from [this life feed.](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/france/12002350/Paris-France-terror-attacks-isil-Saint-Denis-raid-Molenbeek-suspects-Syria-bombing-live.html#update-20151118-0702)

He said that a friend asked him to house a few of his friends in there, so I'm wondering who is this friend that helped them and asked his help? 

I'm also confused by the two things in the live feed:

The owner:

&gt;"I told them there were no mattresses and they said 'That's OK,' they just wanted water and a place to pray,"

Neighbor who saw the raid:

&gt;Christian, a neighbour in Saint Denis' rue de la République has told BFMTV being woke up by gunfire at 4.20am and seeing police on the roof shooting into an apartment opposite. Later blasts smashed the windows in the flat and a mattress came out the window, writes Henry Samuel in Paris.

Did the owner lie about the mattress or did they get one of their own?

Edit: I don't think the mattress thing is something that's very important, but the info regarding to the owners friend might be something to look into.
I wonder what drags women into religious extremism? There is literally nothing for them to gain besides a life of being a second class citizen. 
Good. Hunt every last one of these twisted fucks down. 
A police dog has been killed during the St Denis standoff.
One still alive and holed up. One female w/ suicide vest - detonated/dead. One sniped dead by police. An innocent passerby was killed. 
I'm hoping the three they arrested are complete pussies that were hiding during the raid and will give up info for the slightest of titty twist. 
Yall are pretty sadistic 
ITT: people getting off at justice porn.
This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.rt.com/news/322536-russia-isis-targets-plane/) reduced by 73%. (I'm a bot)
*****
&gt; On the day Moscow officially confirmed a terrorist attack as the cause of last month&amp;#039;s downing of a passenger plane in Egypt, the Russian military hit over 200 terrorist targets in Syria in 127 sorties.

&gt; The escalated Russian operation involved not only warplanes flying from an airfield near Latakia, but also strategic bombers operating from Russian territory.

&gt; On Tuesday, Russian warplanes conducted 127 sorties and hit 206 targets, a source in the Russian defense ministry told RT. Russian strategic bombers such as Tu-22M3s, Tu-95MCs and Tu-160s were previously used for patrol missions as part of Russia&amp;#039;s nuclear deterrence.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/3taoqa/russia_hits_206_isis_targets_in_syria_after/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ "Version 1.6, ~15404 tl;drs so far.") | [Theory](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept/) | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr "PMs and comment replies are read by the bot admin, constructive feedback is welcome.") | *Top* *five* *keywords*: **Russian**^#1 **terrorist**^#2 **Russia**^#3 **bomb**^#4 **sorties**^#5

Post found in [/r/worldnews](http://np.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3takb9/russia_hits_206_isis_targets_in_syria_after/), [/r/besteurope](http://np.reddit.com/r/besteurope/comments/3takvu/russia_hits_206_isis_targets_in_syria_after/) and [/r/worldtoday](http://np.reddit.com/r/worldtoday/comments/3taktx/russia_hits_206_isis_targets_in_syria_after/).
Can someone ELI5 why we are constantly bombing these ISIS targets and it seemed that they have a never ending number of bases for us to bomb? 
How's all that terrorism working out for ISIS?  They take down a plane, or gun down a bunch of civilians, then they get bombed to oblivion in response.  Not a great return on their investment if you ask me.  What's the rationale?  We'll just stop exploding them into smithereens if they can kill a few more innocents?
The Russians are not known for their subtly and restraint when it comes to matter like this. They tend to not care so much about collateral damage and restrictive rules of engagement. ISIS may get more than they bargained for in their hopes of a gigantic battle that ends in their favor.
  
It's very hard to destroy an idea or an ideology. Perhaps it will take defeating them so decisively that others will be less inclined to follow their path.
I see they're taking the "bomb a lot of shit and call it ISIS" approach.
This is an excellent opportunity for Putin to show of his military might.
Good that's what they get. Fuck ISIS, pieces of shit.
Never thought id be happy to read that Russia is bombing something...As an American let me say " FUCK YEAH! WAY TO GO RUSSIA"
The link to the [other products that are currently "blacklisted"](http://www.legislation.gov.uk/uksi/2004/629/schedule/1/made) is kind of interesting. It's like a list of things that have ever been recommended on the Dr Oz show.
Just apply homeopathic principles to the funding for homeopathy.

It is most effective when you reduce the funding until the amount becomes undetectable.
Good. You know what they say, if homeopathic medicine worked, it'd be called medicine.
I am honestly shocked that no such ban is in place now and that general practitioners in the UK are currently allowed to prescribe such treatments. Homeopathy based therapeutics are worse than useless. From a pharmacological standpoint any homeopathic drug has absolutely zero activity. If this fact is not obvious from the very definition of homeopathic medicine (serial dilution), the lack of efficacy of homeopathic drugs has been [shown by one comprehensive study after another](https://www.nhmrc.gov.au/guidelines-publications/cam02). Therefore at best such drugs are a simple a waste of money for a glorified sugar-pill. What is even worse is that the availability of such alternative "medicine" can cause real harm by steering patients away from receiving proper, effectual medicine. In any case, the NHS definitely should not endorse such utter quackery by being willing to pay for any homeopathic remedy.
Doctors were prescribing homeopathic "medical treatment" and British taxpayers were paying for this garbage?


Starting at the age of 14 I started getting sinusitis. Horrible really really painful. 2-3 times a year. Took all sorts of treatments but nothing really seemed to help.

Then, when I was about 25 it stopped. Realized I gone for a winter without having a bout, then another, then another.

Thinking back this was around the this time I stopped watching Eastenders. Look, I'm not saying that I understand how it works, but I stopped watching Eastenders and my long standing sinusitis was cured.

People need to open their minds to soap opera related treatments and stop being so negative. There must be some sort of link, my cure proves it.

The sinusitis thing, me having it til 25 is true by the way. What reminded me about it is it's one of the conditions that the British Homeopathic Association says is proved to be helped by their sugar pills. Got me to thinking what story I'd be telling if the year the sinusitis stopped I had started taking homeopathic pills? Would I have been suckered into believing the sugar pills cured it, when really it just stopped?

Mountains 1     Hurricane 0
If it was a movie, Patricia would have been a huge disappointment. Thankfully it was a hurricane and the people of Mexico seem to be safe and alright.
Patricia kinda just appeared then kinda just disappeared
CNN sent a whole army of crews down there to get some sweet sweet footage of human suffering and death and they got skunked. And the management is just pissed.
More like Hurrican't.
As a Texan, thankyou mountains. The storm isn't even here yet and fucking trains are derailing from the floods.
&gt;Two babies were delivered at the small hospital during the storm, a boy Friday night and, at 5 a.m. Saturday, a girl whose parents refused to name Patricia.

&gt;"The parents were asked about naming her after the storm but they said they had gone through too much trouble with Patricia already," Abad said.

I guess Donald Trump called it off
Well they are fucking mountains what did you expect. A mega hurricane that would force itself through them. I was looking up the geography in that area of Mexico just to dick around. Found that the mountains are long and thick as fuck. They're not pussy mountains but long dick mountains. Black mountains. 
Lol get fucked Patty
"Two babies were delivered at the small hospital during the storm, a boy Friday night and, at 5 a.m. Saturday, a girl whose parents refused to name Patricia."

Ah CNN, bringing us the real news.
This is like a battle of epic proportions, a mountain versus a megastorm, like a battle between two legendary pokemon
Is this true? Or did Time Warner make a donation to the mountainous terrain?
Many people prayed for us. Thank you for your prayers.
I'm Mexican, I've experienced quite a few hurricanes in the Pacific and I told people here last night to stop this over-the-top alarmist bullshit. I'm glad that many here seemed genuinely worried about my fellow Mexicans, but I couldn't help noticing hoy many on this site criticize news outlets like CNN for exaggerating every single thing, yet seem to react in the same way to events like this. 

Some guy literally told another dude that he was going to be found dead today because he didn't leave Puerto Vallarte. Geez... Stop watching so many apocalytpic movies. 

Anyway, the Mexican authorities reacted well, for once. It's something worth mentioning. 
Anonymous needs to expose the people and countries supporting and funding ISIS. That can get some action
1. Set up some dummy recruiting sites.

2. Redirect the real recruiting sites to the dummy ones.

3. Send emails to anyone that signs up saying they're on a 'list' now.

3. Laugh as ISIS loses all online credibility.
[removed]
Considering how active ISIS has been in social media, and has had such an online presence more than any other terrorist group has in the past, this opens an opportunity for anonymous to mess with their operations in ways they have proven themselves capable of before.
Shit just got virtual.
For anyone who doesn't remember....
Hackers who regarded themselves as anon helped people setup dial up in Tunisia and overthrow a dictator.

Also remember, Anonymous is an idea... it could be dozens or thousands doing their bit.

EDIT: Again, its not a group but an idea. People who were able to send instructions to make gas masks and setup internet to people in a country where internet itself was cut off could easily hack social media accounts of IS recruiters....
Look at well known hacker groups who had teenage members, who took down PSN and Xbox live. Its not 'on soil' war but it still makes a difference, no matter how small it could be.
Not sure why everyone is hating on Anonymous.  

ISIS's social media campaigns are massive brainwashing powerhouses.  Constantly taking down anything controlled by ISIS takes a lot of work, but if they succeed, it could certainly do damage to them in the long run.
The irony of 72 Virgins attacking ISIS. JK JK, honestly, I hope they succeed in their plans, anything helps really
All these people saying they can't do shit and that ISIS won't care is missing something incredibly important about ISIS.

Their entire recruitment operation take place online with social media. Pretty much ALL of their new recruits are from foreign international countries that made connection to ISIS through twitter and their other media outlets. 

If anonymous is able to cripple ( they wont stop it) their recruitment operations, that's a hell of a blow, an army and military state such as ISIS won't last at it's current death count to operate sufficiently and at a scale as large as they are. 


They're also actually doing something... It may not be taking down ISIS leaders by hacking into their bombs and blowing them up like fucking Aiden Pierce but it's something, and it's perhaps the first non-violent attack on ISIS that's been launched.
Can't wait to watch the shit out of the documentary of this in a few years.
I too declare war on ISIS.


Edited:  thanks for my first gold anonymous...
Everyone in this thread is mocking them for trying to do something while you shitheads feel good about yourselves by changing your facebook picture.
I'm certain I saw this exact headline 2 months ago.
Yeah but what about 4chan? Did he also declare war?
Not sure why everyone is giving them such flack. 

I think it's great that anyone with a particular set of skills is willing to use them to try to help take down ISIS. Good on them.
[removed]
Don't worry Ma'am.  I'm from the internet.  
I guess there is no better time to say this so...



**I, /u/ColdFire86, personally declare war on ISIS.** Let it be known now, there will be no mercy.
Actually, mercilessly spamming IS social media channels with porn, all day, everyday, might be useful.

Let's see if we can get Mohammed and friends sneaking off to jack off on a regular basis. 
This is not how I remember V for Vendetta.
[deleted]
Come back to me when they take down the Church of Scientology which was their original purpose at inception.
THE BETA UPRISING IS STARTING!
I didn't know Anonymous was still a  thing...
They are going to doxx them and then order a bunch of pizzas to their house as well as subscribe to magazines that ISIS doesn't want to read. 

~~I mean, if they could do something meaningful it'd be nice. But the main things Anon has done is uncover illegal activity. Don't think ISIS is going to give a shit about that.~~

Edit: My comment was made in jest and apparently I've over looked somethings they can do/have done to actually affect ISIS. That would have my support. 

Edit 2: Holy shit guys, I didn't mean to imply Anonymous doing this is a completely wasted effort. My comment was a joke springing from the fact Anonymous has been credited with some pretty silly things in the past. Which is sort of a downfall of being anonymous. Anyone can organize a raid and claim it was planned by Anonymous. Again, I may have overlooked some things they can do to affect ISIS, especially in regard to recruiting. 
Translation: One 13 year old boy in Romania posted to 4chan that Anonymous is declaring war, and all three of his friends are in. But not Steve. Steve is at war with the NSA. Except now is minecraft time. 
Hi, I made the other thread about this quake, a lot of media confuses tsunami warning with advisory, this was a tsunami advisory for southwestern Japan, they are expecting waves of 0.2 to 1 meter which is not that bad. Here's the [map.](https://twitter.com/weatherchannel/status/665275064686936064/photo/1)

Also the earthquake was not felt as strong as it should've been, due to several factors including location of epicenter and a downgraded magnitude. USGS at first reported a magnitude 7.0 but downgraded it to 6.7, [here's the summary for the earthquake.](http://earthquake.usgs.gov/earthquakes/eventpage/us10003y71#general_summary)
...i am in southern Japan -- though not near Kagoshima where this quake is based. This quake happened Saturday morning as we slept.  The emergency alert on my smart phone was not even activated -- this was not a serious event for Japan.  So please relax with the hyperbole.  

Paris is indeed unfolding tragedy.



**edit**: a number of requests asking why i use "..." to start comments.   
Nothing significant intended -- though the poetry of e.e. cummings impacted me greatly as a student.  





And so out of respect for the people of Paris  
here are some words from e.e. cummings:  



i carry your heart with me(i carry it in  
my heart)i am never without it(anywhere  
i go you go,my dear;and whatever is done  
by only me is your doing,my darling)  
 i fear  
no fate(for you are my fate,my sweet)i want  
no world(for beautiful you are my world,my true)  
and it’s you are whatever a moon has always meant  
and whatever a sun will always sing is you

here is the deepest secret nobody knows  
(here is the root of the root and the bud of the bud  
and the sky of the sky of a tree called life;which grows  
higher than soul can hope or mind can hide)  
and this is the wonder that's keeping the stars apart

i carry your heart(i carry it in my heart)
BBC says 30cm Tsunami. Isn't that a bit short for a Tsunami?
1 foot tall tsunami

Will Japan survive?
This and the Paris Bombings, so much tragedy tonight!
Holy hell in a handbasket, today was not a good day. 
President François Hollande is declaring a nationwide state of emergency and closing the country's borders to keep the perpetrators from escaping.
Closing like totally close or like controlling every one at the border even on the ground?
I was listening to NPR and they said France closed the borders to try and trap the attackers in, since in January during the hebdo attack one of the terrorists' wives fled the *country all the way back to Isis. 
the real question is longer term, how this and other terrorism will impact their immigration policies 
America remembers the support of France during 9/11. I only hope we can adequately repay it now. 
They're fighting an absolutist, authoritarian ideology utterly bent on world domination, whose followers welcome death and even seek it out.  The enemy believe their mandate comes from the highest of all possible sources, and that their enemies are less than human and must be destroyed by any means.

People really don't understand this.  They have a hard time internalizing that some people would really ACT the way some people TALK online.  There are people in the world who would kill you and your family and your friends because of what religion you are, or because of where you live, or because of what you believe.  There aren't a few of them, there are millions.  The most motivated go to great lengths to follow through.  They're more committed to hurting you and yours than you've ever been to anything in your life, and there're always going to be more of them after we kill the current lot.  Unless the underlying ideas of Islamism can be exposed, discussed, and discredited in a way that makes young people genuinely not want to take part in them, this will never, ever stop.  
the not so funny thing is, ISIS actually said they will sneak in terrorist with refugees and carry attack like this. 
The borders are definitely going to close on refugees now. Not just France's, probably just about every European country. I can't say I blame them though.
France *is* our oldest ally. Nowadays my compatriots seem to forget this.
That's okay, Germany is taking anyone.
A few decades too late,  don't you think? 

[Third and Fourth generation French Muslims are becoming more radicalized ](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/france/11826862/Airlines-told-to-expect-French-911-as-Hollande-warns-of-more-Islamist-violence.html) 
And their friends from coming in.

Jesus enough with the pc already, fuck hurt feelings and offended sensibilities. Step on some toes to protect your people. At this point it's not a fucking option.
All of Europe need to close the damn borders
whole of Europe should close it's borders
Was it mus.....

Ah who are we kidding. Of course it was muslims. Do we even need to ask any more?
[removed]
I know it's not the best time to say this, but EU keep inviting terrorist, this is a tip of an iceberg, you have done a historical mistake, you avoided your own people and you forget your priorities. 
[removed]
The article focuses mainly on the redistribution of biochemical resources, but there are other ecological effects. Regarding whale poop mentioned in the article, whales eat large quantities of small crustaceans and, in addition to the phosphorus they bring to surface waters cited in the article, their poop concentrates the carbonates from those animals shells so they sink into the deeps --ie whales are a major source in the long term sequestration of CO2 from the ocean/atmosphere system into the earth's crust. Other ways the missing poop of large animals effects the ecosystem: Osage Oranges, those trees with the weird green fruit that looks like a brain, these were likely a food source for mastodons and mammoths, who would have spread their seeds through their poop. The trees were almost extinct before early US settlers found they could use the branches of the trees to plant "living fence posts" for enclosing their pastures. The pawpaw, largest of the North American edible fruit is also much more restricted in its range because its primary feeders, mastodons again, but also Jefferson Ground Sloths are extinct. The loss of these herbivores pooping their seeds across the landscape have vastly decreased both their frequency and growing range.   
--EDIT-- 
corrected some sloppy spelling and gramatical errors. I'd like to blame an autocorrect but probably just fat fingers
feces falloff forebodes forthcoming foliage failure.
Looks like an area where humans can fill in. 
&gt;Turkey's only atheist group launches petition to have selves arrested for conspiracy against the state.

FTFY
Good for them. There's no reason the government needs to know your religion. 


Edit: This statement was made mostly because Turkey has blasphemy laws about Islam and they're enforced against those who the government has registered as Muslim. While the US collects statistics on religion in the population, as far as I know they don't archive it to potentially use against me (although with the NSA revelations lately who knows anymore). 

Edit 2: Source http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2014/05/28/which-countries-still-outlaw-apostasy-and-blasphemy/
This will end well. 
Welcome to the largest enforced religion in the world. Good luck leaving it.
Didn't they celebrate Christmas during both world wars?
War on Christmas --&gt; War, on Christmas
Pushing forward the message that ISIS has engulfed the world in war will do nothing but help ISIS recruit. The messaging needs to be focused on how ISIS are failures - it's not like its wrong considering the fact that they are getting crushed on their hometurf. 
Because all the other years of Christmas it was meaningful and the world was at peace? The world is always at war. Either between countries or with in ourselves. 
Then we should celebrate all the harder, to show them they won't stop our way of life.
As opposed to [Christmas as usual](http://lum.spoonuniversity.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/105/2015/11/rampage-black-friday-w724.jpg)?
What about Thanksgiving in America while we discuss the best way to stop refugees from entering?
Huge exaggeration. 

Let's not mention the fact it's always a charade anyway.
1. The whole world isn't at war, just a mindless minority.
2. I don't need religion to celebrate the end of the year with family and friends.
&gt;The vote by the court’s criminal chamber declared that individuals should have the right to grow and distribute marijuana for their personal use. While the ruling does not strike down current drug laws, it lays the groundwork for a wave of legal actions that could ultimately rewrite them, proponents of legalization say.

&gt;The legal ruling on Wednesday barely referred to the bloody backdrop of the drug war. Instead, Justice Arturo Zaldivar wrote an 88-page opinion based on principles of human rights, arguing that the state recognizes an individual’s autonomy to engage in recreational activities that do not harm others.

--------

Sounds like a few people in Mexico are doing the right thing.
The sooner the Americas (North, South &amp; Middle) legalize drugs the sooner the cartels will be history. 
/r/arboles will be happy 
I bet they didn't really sleep.
You think they had an unofficial kick around on the pitch? 
Humility is a virtue, and so is compassion. You can add empathy to the list as well. Kudos to the French team for this most honorable bromosexual gesture.
Both the French and German national teams have lots of muslims on them too. Good gesture
Soccer players sleeping together? Way to perpetuate the stereotype.
Whenever I see an article or documentary about Turkey they always state the wrong ''fact'' that 97% of Turkey is sunni muslim. It's just that by default everyone has islam on their papers. There are about 15 million shi'ites (Alevis, jafaris and arab Alawis) and who knows how many atheists (old kemalists and communists) in that country. It's just that the sunni muslim population is the majority and has a parlementary majority, so they controll the country.
[removed]
I don't see why babies should be registered as any religion, they are far too young to decide
What courage they show. People get killed for this sort of shit.

As far as the registration at birth, one thing I cannot stand at all is the phrase "Muslim Child" or "Christian Child". They are just children of Muslim/Christian parents. No child can understand the sort of insane self-contradictory dogma that these religions push, and furthermore, no child should be exposed to concepts like hell, sin, violent treatment of apostates, etc when they are so young.

Parents, speaking in confident tones, can and do make kids believe absurd and insane things for life.
The tax revenue of the state of Rhode Island is about $250 million per month.  I hope we don't have to fight those guys. 
That doesn't seem like a lot actually given their area and responsibilities.
Who is buying it? 
And BDSM punishable by gay sex?
And therefore it is really important to say "no homo" after you bang a dude
I know an American guy who, the week the tsunami struck Banda Aceh in 2004, got on a plane and went out there on his own nickel and dime to help any way he could.

He also happens to be gay. I wonder how it makes him feel to know that the people whose lives and houses he helped rebuild want him tortured.
[removed]
I'm so glad I live in a country where nobody really gives a damn who I have sex with.
"Oh, it's only Aceh! Not all muslims!"

Except for [this story from PBS last year.](http://www.pbs.org/newshour/bb/indonesian-province-turns-sharia-law-devastating-tsunami/)

Here's the best part:

&gt;Meanwhile, other parts of Indonesia are beginning to see Aceh as a model, sending local officials to observe the implementation.

I say close all the roads in and out until the people overthrow the fucked religious idiots.
[removed]
'Not all Muslim countries are crazy, just look at Indonesia'
Taliban/al Qaeda/Isis just want a few simple rules:

Absolute religious law

Complete adherence to wahhabism

Use of capital/corporal punishment to control the population

Complete segregation of genders

Complete censorship of the media

You know, like how our "ally" Saudi Arabia operates.
You start to follow the money, and you don't know where the fuck it's going to take you. - [Freamon](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z7M71wmwWRo)
This really is the way to go. You can't beat the west at economic warfare.
I assume he is talking about Turkey?

&gt;Turkey could cut off Islamic State’s supply lines. So why doesn’t it?

http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/nov/18/turkey-cut-islamic-state-supply-lines-erdogan-isis

&gt;Why is Turkey supporting ISIS and NATO does nothing about it?

/r/syriancivilwar/comments/39lcuw/why_is_turkey_supporting_isis_and_nato_does/

&gt;Noam Chomsky: Turkish intelligence sold US-trained moderate Syrian forces out to Al Qaeda affiliate

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QXuiBMeQxrc

IS logic:

Prostitution:bad

Sex slaves: righteous 
Having an anti prostitution agenda is strange coming from a group that condones sex slavery.
Fuck you, Amsterdam holds that title. Fuck you IS.
Prostitution bad. Slaughtering innocent concert goers good.
That's rich, coming from animals enslaving Yezidis for sex.
the holier-than-thou strike again.  
These guys fuck goats and they're calling Paris obscene
Come on ISIS, prostitution an obscenity is the one redeeming quality the french have for the rest of us here in Europe. You suck at propaganda and not even the real muslims like you.
Dur dur me ISIS caveman. Consensual sex between two adults, bad. Turning infidel women into sex slaves, good.
Here's a pretty badly translated version of their statement that i put in another post:

In the name of Allah, Most Gracious, Most Merciful. Allah Most High said, and they thought that their fortresses would defend them against Allah. But Allah came to them from where they were waiting point and cast terror into their hearts. They demolished their houses with their own hands and the hands of the believers.

Pull in a lesson, O ye who have eyes. Surah 59 verse 2 In a blessed attack which Allah has facilitated the causes, a group of soldiers of the Caliphate Believers, Allah gave him power and victory, has targeted the capital abomination and perversion, the one who carries the banner of the cross in Europe, Paris.

A group of divorced life on earth came towards their enemy, seeking death in the cause of Allah, rescuing religion, the Prophet and his allies, and wishing humiliating his enemies. They were true to Allah, we consider them as such. Allah conquered by their hand and throw fear into the hearts of the Crusaders in their own land.

Eight brothers wearing explosive belts and assault rifles pet targeted locations carefully chosen in advance at the heart of the French capital, the Stade de France during the match of the two countries crossed France and Germany which was attended fool of France Francois Hollande, nine yards or gathered hundreds of idolaters in a perverse party and other targets in the tenth, eleventh and eighteenth arrondissement and, simultaneously. Paris trembled under their feet and streets became narrow for them.

The balance sheet of its attacks is minimum 200 crusaders killed and more wounded, and merit praise for Allah. Allah facilitated our brothers and gave them what they expected (martyrdom), they have triggered their suicide belts amidst the miscreants after exhausting their ammunition. May Allah accept them among the martyrs and allow us to join them.

And France and those who follow his way should know that they remain the main targets of the Islamic State and will continue to feel the smell of death to have been leading the crusade, have dared to insult our F'rophète, have touted to fight Islam in France and strike the land of the Caliphate Muslims with their aircraft with which they have benefited in anything smelly streets of Paris.

This attack is only the beginning of the storm and a warning for those who want to meditate and learn. Allah is the greatest. Now to what Allah has power and His Messenger and the believers. But the hypocrites do not know. Surah 63 verse 8

[deleted]
At some point the global community is going to have to take climate change more seriously. This bottom up method is moving too slowly. If nothing is done we are going to be facing an unimaginable migration. Hopefully not in our lifetime but the writing is on the wall. 

I think we need to stop treating this like we are trying to save the planet and more like we are trying to save mankind. 
It's an international trade treaty, designed to unify standards and reduce trade barriers. Climate change is well outside its scope. Even if you wanted to, it would be grossly premature. The trade issues that TPP touches on are ones where there is already broad international agreement on the basic principles: just differences in detail. There is no such consensus in place for how to address climate change.

There are simply too many legal unknowns for this to be a good forum to address climate change in. It's an issue better tackled in dedicated summits. If you tried to get climate change into TPP, there simply would never have been any consensus on anything - trade *or* climate.

Now, perhaps you think that's a good thing, that it would be better if TPP negotiations never went anywhere. But in that case you're just being disingenuous: you don't really give a shit about climate change, you just wanted to cynically use it to derail a trade agreement you dislike.
They left it out because they wanted a trade treaty that might actually be signed one day. If you add climate change to the mix, all you would get is another decade of negotiations. 
&gt;"The environment chapter confirms some of the worst nightmares of environmental groups and climate activists," Dr Rimmer said.

&gt;"The agreement has poor coverage of environmental issues, and weak enforcement mechanisms. There is only limited coverage of biodiversity, conservation, marine capture fisheries, and trade in environmental services. The final text of the chapter does not even mention 'climate change' – the most pressing global environmental issue in the world."

&gt;Controversially, the deal includes a clause giving foreign companies the right to sue Australian governments if they introduce laws they say have harmed their investments.

--------------


This shit is not cool. Now that the final text is out it will be interesting to read more analysis of it in the news but you guys better believe, the corporations will be planting pro-tpp stories to balance out the negative ones. I would encourage everyone to research who thr authors are going forward and the ties they might have.
&gt;Perrilloux argued that these countries, despite being “better partners to us than some of our NATO allies,” were being unfairly judged compared to Chinese human rights abuses.

translation: "they buy more of our stuff"
---“Another significant irritant,” Perrilloux said, “is the application of human rights laws” toward U.S. allies in the Middle East, including Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, and the United Arab Emirates. Perrilloux argued that these countries, despite being “better partners to us than some of our NATO allies,” were being unfairly judged compared to Chinese human rights abuses.---


Quite the 'irritant' indeed
&gt;"Weapons transfers are actually a foundation for stability, the executives argued. “More often than not, it is the military relationship that will keep the relations and the bonds between countries very strong,” Kohler said.

And from then on, everyone could feel a little bit better about themselves. 
[deleted]
I'm just a small town turd farmer...but how in the fuck is Saudi Arabia supposed to be passed off as a close ally of the US people? US corporations maybe...
I didn't know we liked [Stalin](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CUFtbnzWoAEJRBy.jpg) [in Czech Republic](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CT9RHSPWUAAW_p2.jpg) (this guy is one of the commanders of those forces if the [sources](https://twitter.com/GissiSim/status/666934585398308864) are correct)
Well, the Czech's do make some top quality AK ammo.
shame the insurgents are using that caliber...
ISIS, consider yourself....  
(•_•)  
( •_•)&gt;⌐■-■    
(⌐■_■)  
Czechmated.
Czech Republic is always here to help you guys. Dont forget about us like in 1938.
Fun fact. During Israel's war of independence against invading Arab armies, both the US, the EU and the Soviet block, all initiated an arms embargo on the region. Ostensibly it was neutral, but in reality the invading Arab armies have existed for years, and had plenty of ammo and weapons, while the Israeli army was just being created at the time, and as a result had almost no weapons or ammo.

Czechoslovakia was pretty much the only country that agreed to sell Israel weapons (secretly), and those weapons were absolutely instrumental in the first months of the war. 

I wonder if this is going to be a similar case, with them indirectly contributing to the establishment if a Kurdish state this time. 
Quick summary for the people that didn't read the article:

Grave site is near Sinjar (the city in northwestern Iraq recently taken from IS by the Kurds). Was discovered yesterday by Kurdish forces either when clearing a minefield or after following up on intel from a local woman (2 conflicting accounts?). Site is currently being excavated. Investigation is ongoing, but it is believed 78 older women between the ages of 40-80 are buried there. No younger women are thought to be buried there as they would have been taken as slaves by IS.
Why is the U.N. still calling it a "possible" genocide?
its the 21st century and these fuckers still kill and rape in the name of God. Makes me sad
:(
So, is lunch meat processed meat? Cause I eat that crap every week day
Always important to read beyond the headlines with these stories:

&gt;Prof Tim Key, Cancer Research UK’s epidemiologist at the University of Oxford, said: “This decision doesn’t mean you need to stop eating any red and processed meat. But if you eat lots of it you may want to think about cutting down. You could try having fish for your dinner rather than sausages, or choosing to have a bean salad for lunch over a BLT.”

&gt;Dr Elizabeth Lund – an independent consultant in nutritional and gastrointestinal health, and a former research leader at the Institute of Food Research, who acknowledges she did some work for the meat industry in 2010 – said red meat was linked to about three extra cases of bowel cancer per 100,000 adults in developed countries.
"A much bigger risk factor is obesity and lack of exercise,” she said. “Overall, I feel that eating meat once a day combined with plenty of fruit, vegetables and cereal fibre, plus exercise and weight control, will allow for a low risk of colorectal cancer and a more balanced diet.”

Basically, everything in moderation folks. Don't eat bacon every day and you'll probably be OK.

Source: http://www.theguardian.com/society/2015/oct/26/bacon-ham-sausages-processed-meats-cancer-risk-smoking-says-who
Arby's soon to change slogan

"We have the cancer!!"
Hasn't the correlation between the two been known for a while?
I'm switching to Photosythesis now. Go green!
My wurst fear realized. 
Vegetarians and vegans are evilly laughting /s
http://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/01635580701684872?journalCode=hnuc20&amp;#preview

This is from 2008, the risk was already well known.

It's even mentioned on [wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Red_meat#Processed_red_meat), together with a way to reduce the risk.
So does the air in almost every major city in the world.
worrying about getting cancer causes cancer.
50 grams, only two slices of bacon folks.
all of reddit right now: "this disagrees with my lifestyle as well as my concept of manliness, therefore the study is clearly flawed in its methodology"
Everything causes cancer.
Im guessing they were started on purpose by the loggers to drive out the indigenous people so they can then claim the land.
Here in Manaus (pretty much right into the forest) we wake up every day to smoke, it's scary to think how many trees need to burn to cover an entire city in smoke.
I know it's not the point of the article, but it still blows my mind that there are groups of people who still are in isolation and unaware of what most of the world is doing. How totally alien would we seem to them if we met?
It sucks that money is worth more than human lives and the life of the planet.  
They'll be the first in ... 2050. 

Of course it's only true if no other country becomes fossil-fuel free before then. 


Closing of nuclear plants to become fossil-fuel free. Interesting strategy.
Except for planes. And camping. And BBQs.
As a swede myself i do not believe it. So pretty sure the rest of the world will not either
&gt;Salah Abdeslam has reportedly been in touch with friends on Skype, telling them he is hiding in the Brussels area and asking them for help in getting back to Syria. The friends, who have spoken anonymously to ABC News, said that Abdeslam had called them on Tuesday evening and told them he was caught between the extensive police search and local Islamic State members who were “watching him”, apparently unhappy that he had failed to detonate his suicide vest after the attacks in Paris.

Uh oh! haha
How about we stop selling billions of pounds of arms to Saudi arabia who spread their extreme form of Islam around the world and where much of ISIS support come from
Molenbeek isn't a suburb. It's a municipality and can be seen as a district of Brussels, even if it's a problem area
[removed]
&gt;However, Muslims across the globe have come out to denounce the **unprecedented** attacks.

Unprecedented? They did this to Paris earlier this year because cartoons hurt their feelings. 
I'll try to explain the schizophrenic online reactions of muslims on the attacks.

A lot of muslims (myself included to an extent) are having a conscious or subconscious struggle with holding on to their identity, and reconciling their beliefs with the fact that a growing chunk of fringe muslims are carrying out violent attacks on innocent people in certain parts of the world. So when a muslim is confronted with whatever new atrocity has been carried out in the name of Islam, he digs his heels in and brings up current Arab casualties, the conflicts in the past 2 decades, the colonial past, a global conspiracy, and when all else fails, probably the Jews too. Sometimes a spade is a spade, though. 

Some of these are legitimate and valid points. The most frequent casualties of Daesh attacks **are** other muslims themselves, and in astronomic proportions. So, since Daesh is very much the direct enemy of muslims living in the Middle East and North Africa, many of us would like to see them as someone "other" and "foreign" even though its recruits mostly come from the same cultural background.

But having this brought up as a deflection tactic when addressing the terror attacks in Paris (or elsewhere) is shameful and provocative to the victims and their loved ones, and some (muslim) people who post kneejerk comments online fail to grasp that. I think the primary focus of people's attention at the moment should be the victims of the Paris attacks, as well as the concurrent ones in Beirut and Baghdad. 

Although I think there are a lot of underlying factors that lead to France tragically being the most popular target for Islamic extremist attacks, a root cause analysis that involves criticizing the French themselves is tactless and unhelpful. I'd offer more condolences but I don't personally know anyone from France. It should go without saying that the attacks are unforgivable and unjustifiable.

**edit**: thanks for the upvotes and the gold. I wish I got them on a topic not so dark. 

[removed]
Groups like ISIS are funded by governments in the middle east and tacitly supported by other countries.  It's a government operation with plausible deniability.  Assad's government is to be overthrown by Sunnis, and we all know the big Sunni governments in the area.
I will believe that when they start turning in the family radicals to the police.
Funny how middle east's problem is the west's again!! UAE, qatar, saudi etc dont give a fuck.
Nothing but a PR move. Meanwhile 62% of Muslims in Britain think you should be jailed if you criticize Islam.

And, of course, we have the "don't be racist, keep the immigration floodgates open!"
[removed]
[removed]
"Unprecedented" except for, you know, every fucking day. Open a goddamn newspaper. Muslims are blowing themselves up in crowds like its going out of style. This is literally a daily occurrence worldwide. And in France alone there have been several terror attacks in the past year.
[removed]
It's not enough any more. Islam needs a cultural change, too many within islam agree with the end goals of groups like ISIS.
Bullshit. I live in Bosnia (Country where half of the population is muslim) and no one is expressing regret. On facebook people say this was all done by America and Israel. Some say "Enough with all the paris news! Why don't you broadcast deaths in palestine?".
[removed]
And millions of Muslims all over the world support terrorism, and express solidarity with various terrorist groups. Good on the ones that don't, but let's be honest about this...
[removed]
This list is staggering: 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Islamist_terrorist_attacks


I think we have reached a point where expressing solidarity is not enough.
Ironic that for all their "solidarity" there aren't hundred of pictures online of Muslim countries hosting rallies against ISIS and burning ISIS flags and flying French colors. Would be great if some of the leaders, both political and spiritual, from the Arab Muslim world got on television and expressed their condolences and called for an end to this and laid out how these "imposters posing as Muslims" are bringing shame and ridicule on the religion of Islam. Then went out and did something about it. Well I need to stop dreaming and get back to work. 


[removed]
When you feel your religious belief trumps the law of the land. Fuck your religion, and fuck you. 
I applaud the for condemning this violence, but what we need to see are headlines showing that they're teaching peace in schools and mosques. No more "death to America" bullshit.

When the twin towers fell, there was mass celebrating in the streets of palestine. Celebrating the murder of almost 2000 people. 

Until you show me that muslim culture is changing, condemning the attacks on the news does absolutely nothing. 



Muslims once again angry that the world is so sickened and shocked at Islamic behaviour.
[removed]
[removed]
More correctly would be "Muslims all over Europe condemn terrorism, express solidarity with French to save their asses and benefits"

I'm sick and tired of religion of peace meme. 
Saying 'as a Muslim' is just the same as saying 'as a mother', doesn't make what you're saying more valid than anyone else and adds nothing to the conversation. 'As a mother I condemn these attacks', erm good for you, but if you're a half decent human being you'll condemn these attacks.
Same old crap, a handful of intellectuals and liberals condemn the actions, millions of average folks dance in the streets.
[removed]
[removed]
They may as well give 1000 apologies in advance, because it will keep happening.  The best thing they can do is renounce their religion and find something else.  Even the Church of Satan is more ethical than Islam.  
[removed]
[removed]
Actions speak louder than words, Muslims. Quit trying to save the image of your religion and start cleaning house.

Dollars to donuts those same "outraged" Muslims will throw a hissy fit when their ISIS brothers start getting bombed to hell.
When the U.S and Russia team up against you, you know you're about to get blasted in the ass.
Obama in his speech tonight used harsher language than previous as well.  America will intensify its efforts to eliminate ISIS.  

Is this the first time he has use the word eliminate as opposed to all of the discussion about his previous use of the word "contain"?



Turnbull quoted the mayor of Bogota: “A developed coun­try is not a place where the poor have cars. It’s where the rich use pub­lic trans­port.”

I think I have a new favourite quote. 
http://i.imgur.com/AOF6Yf4.jpg
I am extremely proud of the way this whole situation is being taken care of.
Maybe those two can finally get their shit together and go wipe out that daesh vermin sometime soon as well.
Nothing like Eagles and Vodka fucking shit up together!
The world is in a sad state when Obama working with someone like Putin puts a smile on my face.


(My heart is still breaking for Ukrainians who have to put up with his bullshit.)
PM Justin Trudeau has publicly stated that he wants [the opinions of Canadians before he makes his decision, and that he won't rush to sign it](https://www.liberal.ca/statement-by-liberal-party-of-canada-leader-justin-trudeau-on-the-trans-pacific-partnership/). Let's hope he keeps his promise.
Don't do it Canada...

edit : what a surprise, thanks for the gold dear anonymous redditor!
Ah yes, amidst of all this Paris chaos in the media, Obama tries to pressure Trudeau into a rushed decision, knowing that much of the details will slip by everyone's attention in Canada since most people are still focussed on Paris and the refugee issue. 

Please don't give an answer yet Trudeau! Obama took his sweet time giving us an answer about the Keystone pipelines, so let's return the favour and get around to answering it at a more appropriate time. 
Why so quick?

Seriously, nobody will be hurt too badly if TPP doesn't get approved for a few years, so why does it have to be done right now?

But we already know the answer. The longer TPP goes unsigned, the more time there will be to examine its contents.
Fuck off Obama, your term is pretty well up and I was fooled like everyone else thinking that you would make a difference and actually change things, it was all fucking bullshit.
Mind your own business Obama.

We all know you sold out to corporate interests long ago, what we don't know is if our new PM has sold out to corporate interests to allow the biggest corporate power grab in the history of the world.
Oh, this sounds like the old "just pass it and then find out what's in it" trick. 6000 pages can hide a lot of things. 
Trudeau: "So about that pipeline..."
Trudeau please don't be stupid.
Choke on a dick, Obama. Stay strong, Canada. 
Screw Obama. Canada isn't a state governor you can try to steam roll. If I was Trudeau, id tell him I'd love to sign the deal but there is a mayor in PEI who still has to read the entire deal.  And it needs to be translated to Canadian French. Might take 6 or so years. 
Fuck Obama

TPP is horrible 
So have you figured out why so many wreaks were in the same spot?
It seems weird that we were selling bombs to ANYONE.

I'm sure it makes sense politically but for the layperson like me I can't help but wonder how we ever end up in that situation.
There is no way the US will not support Saudi fully. If it came to it the US would commit ground troops in Yemen. 

Saudi is just that important to the US. It's a Sunni state with oil.
It has a Shiia minority that sits on the Saudi oil fields. If the Yemen Shiia rebels succeed the Saudi Shiia might start getting ideas. If the Shiia states ally, Iran, Iraq, Syria, Saudi Shiia,Yemen, then that could spell end of US objectives in the M.E. That alliance will trade in a basket of BRIC currency goodbye petro$.


Edit:  **A brief overview of the M.E**

there are two major factions in the M.E. Sunni and Shiia. the US backs the Sunni.
Those Sunni countries being Saudi, Egypt, Kuwait. 
the Shiia being Iran, Iraq, Syria.

It's all about the ability to control access to the worlds most plentiful source of energy. 50% of the worlds oil is sourced from the M.E.  

[Here's a real US policy doc from 1955. Take note of the objectives. Its not mythical. Its there in black and white.  ](http://www.gwu.edu/~nsarchiv/NSAEBB/NSAEBB78/propaganda%20127.pdf)

Americas number one objective in the Middle East: **The availability to the US and its allies of resources, the strategic positions and the passage rights and the denial of such rights and resources to the soviet block.**

So in 1955 the US sought to control the Gulf, to have the ability guarantee its access and to deny access to others.  Oil has not become less important in the prevailing 60 years. 

Formally the USSR was the rival and was seen off with the help of Israel, ( It was what proved Israels worth to the US ) Iran was a client. Iran is no longer a client and so currently the US would like to prevent the formation of  the a [**Shiia crescent,**](http://bintel.com.ua/uploads/images/2014/vol3.jpg) with Iran at its head. 

This crescent would include the Shiia land in Saudi. This is why Saudi and Iran are implacable enemies. Saudi is a US client for protection against Iran. [**If you look and Shiia land in Saudi**](http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-w26Pl18fmRY/TzFc-rnckII/AAAAAAAAAMg/z8K_-AuXefQ/s1600/Saudi_shia.jpg) you'll note it sits on top of the [**big oil fields**](http://www.reallycoolblog.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/Oil-Gas-Fields-Map.gif). "Find Shiia find oil" is a local saying. The Shiia are the potential rivals to US hegemony in the gulf.  

Should Iran succeed in creating such an entity this would be a genuine threat to Americas passage rights and strategic positions in the  region, which as you will recall is America #1 objective in the M.E.

The US will seek to control the M.E. so long as oil powers the world. Control of this resource is a major plank in the USA's super power status.    
I don't think there is a better ally in this ambition to control the gulf than Israel. Israel is a western enclave in the region, is a regional pariah completely dependent on the US for weapons and coverage from UN sanctions and proven ability to kick ass. Who would be better?

If you view everything in the M.E. through a Sunni/Shiia/Oil lens all becomes clearer.

The US state dept has called Saudi and the description can be extended to the region [**“a stupendous source of strategic power, and one of the greatest material prizes in world history.”**](http://revcom.us/a/090/iran-pt2-en.html)  

[Zbigniew Brzezinski](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zbigniew_Brzezinski) former United States National Security Advisor said America's control over the Middle East [**"gives America indirect but politically critical leverage on the European and Asian economies that are also dependent on energy exports from the region."**](http://www.idsa.in/idsastrategiccomments/GlobalOilPoliticsandtheEnergySecurityintheAsianregion_JNandakumar_110405) . [George Kennan](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/George_F._Kennan) put is as "Veto power". Truman's Secretary of Defense James Forrestal noted that [**“whoever sits on the valve of Middle East oil may control the destiny of Europe”**](http://www.informaworld.com/smpp/section?content=a916768279&amp;fulltext=713240928) and now Asia. 

Control the M.E and you have your foot on the windpipe of the European and Asian economies. relinquishing that control is  unthinkable. (Having permanent military bases in Iraq makes very good sense in this context ) relinquishing control to an Iranian shiia block /China/ Russia is doubly unthinkable. All other potential rivals have to figure Americas control of the oil flow into their calculations. The USA controls the oil. If the USA decides, say China, will not be getting M.E. oil then it can stop the flow. China knows this, the USA knows this. Thus before things get violent China will have to back down. ( China used for example only ) 

BTW China is taking steps strengthen the sea route from the Gulf to China, [**the string of pearls naval ports**](
http://www.china-briefing.com/news/wp-content/uploads/2009/03/string-of-pearls1.jpg)

On the Petro$: The Shiia would not use the petro$. They would use a basket of currencies where many nations have a stake in keeping the M.E. stable. The BRIC and Euros  snd most likely.
The current use of the petro$ means that the US can print dollars to pay for price increases in oil. Industrialized countries without oil, such as Japan EU or China, have to export to the US in order to obtain dollars to exchange for Opec oil; for example, cars in the case of Japan. So America gets oil and services and goods (eg cars) in exchange for pieces of paper. Not only that but Opec's excess dollars were then reinvested in the US and other industrialized countries, thus funding the US budget deficit and reducing US interest rates.

It would be a massive blow to lose the petrodollar. The value of the $ would plunge, the PetroEuro would rise. The Europeans would plunder US assets.

FYI [Here's the Feds statement on the Petro$](https://www.newyorkfed.org/newsevents/news/research/2007/rp070103.html)


TL:DR if you look at any conflict in the M.E. look at the sides, Shiia and Sunni, I'll find the US will back the Sunni as they have oil and use the Petro$


 &gt; France announced the deployment of its only aircraft carrier against Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL) on November 5.

France was already going to send the carrier before the attacks.  
A bit of a sensationalist headline, at least it is if you just read it and move on. France was already deploying the carrier before the Paris attacks happened, and it has apparently already been used earlier this year against ISIS in Iraq. 

France has been carrying our airstrikes for months now anyways. I'm not sure what response France will have, but I don't think "more airstrikes" is going to be it.
Is anyone else surprised that they only have one? 

I wonder how many England has.
Good luck based France.

Fuck them up.
Can they call on the NATO treaty?
The best way to win that war is to stop giving them money. We need to fix the oil problem asap.
Am I the only one who is reading people comments and getting sad because they think there's not a good solution? I don't know, it seems that no matter what we could do the outcome won't be good. It's depressing, really.

Isolation? I doubt they will stop there. Waging war? Innocent victims everywhere, didn't work a few years ago and there will be another terrorist group raising again. Stop selling weapons? People are too greedy for money and they would get them somewhere else anyway. No more refugees? More isolation, more victims, more rage...

It just seems like every solution will be useless in the end. And meanwhile more innocent people lose their lives. What a fucking sick world we live in... 
They can't win this war against enemies that don't wear uniforms or abide by conventions and other rules for war. It's either, just leave the middle east alone, or go in there and take it over FULLY. Have a permanent base and rule it as an international colony with strict and severe rules. 
It would be great if he could name the enemy against which he will lead pitiless war...
I'll just leave this here incase anyone wants to know how France will respond.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Serval
Oh great now france is going to have their own Patriot Act.
People keep acting like there's a simple solution to the Middle East. Honestly I see no hope for the region because people never learn. British made shitty boundaries and somehow we're still trying to enforce shitty boundaries.

Even though shoving two or more groups into one country is part of the problem. Some of those people have no concept of tolerance. Believe it or not, United States had a similar beginning in a couple of places. The state of Kentucky is united today but centuries ago it had an idiotic feud between Kentuckians that wasted lives. Civil War is a much bigger example, also fought over what we now see as retarded reasons.

Then America slaughtered most of the native population and took over tons of land. Yet 200 years later we act surprised a developing region is doing the same thing. Except replace Manifest Destiny with Islam. 

How can we deal with this? Obviously invasion hasn't worked yet. There's no simple solution for this. If you think there's one, have fun trying to defeat history's most repeating cycles.
War with what???
Give me a fucking break Hollande. Unless there's a squadron of Rafale's headed for the royal palace in Riyadh, then you're just talking out of your ass.
if ISIS is actually responsible for this, this would be exactly the response they would be looking for... how do we keep falling for this shit in 2015?
Wipe the fuckers out Hollande, we will have your back (I hope). 
Total War against ISIS Is required. Regardless of all the critics who say war is not the answer, there have only been 1/2 ass attempts at fighting them, so you only get 1/2 ass results.
The rest of the world simply needs to STOP SELLING ARMS to all of these middle East countries, full stop. We also need to stop training them.  Take away their ability to wage war at all. 

Of course none of this will happen because arms dealers are greedy, heartless, and immoral, corrupt. 
This is the tip of the iceberg. Since the invasion of Syrian refugees started to swarm into Europe I keep hearing the reporters commenting on how many of the people in the crowds are young single males and why aren't they staying back to fight? Women, children and older people make sense to flee a situation like Syria but when the largest demographic seems to be single twenty something males it should raise some eyebrows. Then we hear reports that many of the refugees aren't even from Syria. How many IS fighters have the European Union allowed to just walk into their country? I have a bad feeling we will know sooner than later. 

Any countries that continue to take in refugees has completely lost their minds. I am all for sending tents, food, medicine and even soldiers to guard the refugee camps so they can't be attacked by ISIS but they need to be in camps! With all the western nations agreeing to take in thousands of these people and literally sending them all over the free world we are letting the enemy deliver the largest Trojan horse in history right to our front doors. This madness needs to stop. Congress needs to act to stop Obama from taking in one more single refugee to American soil. I just read an article earlier today that he is trying to fast track an additional 55,000 refugees to the USA as soon as possible. This madness needs to stop! The ones that are here need to be in refugee camps until this is over or they can elect to be sent back. What will it take for people to open their eyes?


***EDIT*** Now a Greek official is saying that at least one of the terrorists killed was a Syrian refugee that came through Greece last month. Maybe my views on how refugees should be handled isn't so crazy after all. 
http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=b5e_1447520079
I think this is their "noob guide" (found here: http://thenextweb.com/insider/2015/11/17/anonymous-is-crowdsourcing-opparis-publishes-noob-guide-to-hacking/ ): 

(I'm on mobile so I can't format it right now)

Instructions for finding ISIS-related websites

1. Get Python at https://www.python.org/downloads/ unless you already have it (Mac does)

2. Open Terminal (or Command Prompt for Windows) and type (without quotes) "python"

3. Now, this step requires a little explanation. Let's set this out neatly, shall we...

Copy the contents of the following link to your clipboard https://ghostbin.com/paste/oo4tb
The contents of that link are some search terms that relate to ISIS and their content, allowing you to narrow down the results to specific ones
Paste the strings into the Terminal and press Enter
4. Choose a couple of strings (3 recommended) from the list of strings. For this example we will use strings 3+38+46

5. Once chosen, continue in terminal (without quotes) "print(str3+str38+str42)" and copy the results

6. Paste the results in https://www.google.iq and analyze the new results To translate pages, it is recommended to use Google Chrome, which has integrated translation

7. Submit any valid ones to one of the channel operators and we will deal with the info accordingly
This 'noob guide' to hacking isn't much of a "hacking" guide per say. More of a way for the hackers to find ISIS related websites more easily with other people searching for them and sending back the results.
Noob guide to hacking

Step 1:

download cheat engine and run the program.

Step 2:

open Club Penguin
The half-assed disclaimer at the end is hysterical "this is how you do this, not that you should do this or anything, it's just for news purposes really, because it would be bad"
[The War on Drugs is a failure](http://www.thewire.com/national/2012/10/chart-says-war-drugs-isnt-working/57913/)

Good on you Colombia
AOL.com? Srs?
People who live under ISIS rule and call them out for being assholes have balls of steel... 
***A Fallen Hero***

* ***1)*** He was properly betrayed by Turkish state intelligence. The Turkish intelligence has been supplying ISIS with ammunition, weapons, recruits, money, first class healthcare and intelligence since the beginning. Exxon Mobile has been buying ISIS oil via Turkey since they captured the Iraqi oil wells, which adds up to about $ 50 million every single month in revenue for ISIS.

[Turkish state intelligence](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/21/us-mideast-crisis-turkey-arms-idUSKBN0O61L220150521)

[Turkish state intelligence] (http://www.globalresearch.ca/turkish-government-smuggled-isis-[Turkish state intelligence](gunmen-to-fight-in-syria-delivered-weapons-to-terrorists/5454069)

[Turkish state intelligence](http://yournewswire.com/isis-given-safe-passage-into-syria-by-turkish-intelligence-agency/)

[Exxon Mobile &amp; Chevron](http://www.oilandgas360.com/oil-companies-evacuating-iraq-isis-selling-black-market-crude-30barrel/) ***Edited:*** (I used the wrong link. You can google the correct information/link with ease. It doesn't change my main point about who backs and supports ISIS). 

* ***2)*** A heroic young man, who defied tyranny and decided to tell the truth about ISIS and their alliance with Saudi Arabia/Qatar/UAE/Turkey/Jordan/Israel/USA, and he paid the ultimate prize.

* ***3)*** This has become an ugly proxy war and in which Saudi Arabia/Qatar/UAE/Turkey/Israel/USA has made them self guilty off aiding ISIS committing war crimes, massacres on civilians and genocide.

* ***4)*** With any luck Russia, Iran and Syria will still be able to turn the tide and prevent a massive genocide against the Christian, Druze, Yazidi, Shia, Kurd and Alawite minorities. Mr. Putin, Mr. Assad and Mr. Rouhani are all cynical criminals, don't be naive, but they are still better than ISIS.

* ***5)*** The corporate owned mass media is also actively participating in the propaganda orchestrated by the western intelligence communities. They will accept their 30 silver coins with no remorse. Don't be fooled by their feint outrage when ISIS commits a war crime, they can't even be bothered to report truthfully about them 5% of the time. Even Reddit actively censors sensitive news from Syrian on a regular basis, they have become an embedded part of corporate owned mass media. No need to pretend otherwise.  

[Mass Media](https://newmatilda.com/2015/05/17/corporate-media-and-syria-study-propaganda-and-sloppy-standards/)

[Mass Media](https://books.google.dk/books?id=adXzB5ob15cC&amp;pg=PA282&amp;lpg=PA282&amp;dq=mass+media+propaganda+Syria&amp;source=bl&amp;ots=AZjT44smQ4&amp;sig=bXa19mTDZe3fyi16FuScdIwbZIc&amp;hl=en&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0CDUQ6AEwAmoVChMI3eKZ_rzqyAIVxeMOCh0vGQjf#v=onepage&amp;q=mass%20media%20propaganda%20Syria&amp;f=false)

[Mass Media](http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2015-09-12/media-propaganda-full-frontal-father-drowned-syrian-boy-was-people-smuggler)

[Mass Media](http://www.globalresearch.ca/isis-and-war-propaganda-the-mainstream-media-is-selling-fear-to-control-the-public/5400022)

[Mass Media](https://books.google.dk/books?id=6QcCAwAAQBAJ&amp;pg=PA93&amp;lpg=PA93&amp;dq=mass+media+propaganda+Syria&amp;source=bl&amp;ots=1CxgFPXS6I&amp;sig=Xjto3hyk1ly_9FvEd7fqTkkst7Y&amp;hl=en&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0CE0Q6AEwB2oVChMI3eKZ_rzqyAIVxeMOCh0vGQjf#v=onepage&amp;q=mass%20media%20propaganda%20Syria&amp;f=false)

* ***6)*** I don't have a dog in this fight. I just want peace and avoid another Iraqi, Sudan or Armenia style genocide of none-Sunni Muslims. A young man died, soon to be forgotten, but hopefully he didn't die in vain.
This is awful. Another source with more information and images: http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/crime/gynaecologist-and-nurse-guilty-of-enslaving-houseboy-for-24-years-a6738496.html

After what he went through, I honestly hope that this guy leads as good a life as he can from now on.

"They conditioned him to the degree that when we visited him at the Perivale address and tried to lead him into the living room to speak, he became visibly shaken at the thought of breaking the Edets' rules about going into that room. It was only when he went into the kitchen that he was able to relax and speak openly to police."
What the fuck is wrong with some people.
Human trafficking is a serious problem in the UK (and all over the world), you'd be amazing at the amount of people who get stuck in forced labour for years. There have been cases involving Saudis, Poles, and Brits and plenty of other nationalities as both perpetrators and victims.

It's really hard to track and often ignore by police as more emphasis is put on preventing irregular and illegal immigration or people smuggling.
Sometimes I wonder why I even bother paying attention to the news.... holy shit this is horrible. 
Were they also originally from Nigeria?
"Threatening him with deportation"...

Think about that. When working as a slave seems to be better than going back to your country of origin.
are the couple also Nigerian?  Their names sound Nigerian.  Nigerians enslaving Nigerians.. Wtf
Russia will lose its fucking mind on ISIS if that plane was brought down by a bomb.  
CNN finally breaks a news story, and it's about ISIS, bombs and airplane explosions. CNN is about to have a field day.
For those who won't read the article, here's the main snippet, which suggests a bomb planted by ISIS.

&gt; The latest U.S. intelligence suggests that the crash of Metrojet Flight 9268 was most likely caused by a bomb on the plane planted by ISIS or an ISIS affiliate, according to a U.S. official familiar with the matter. The official stressed that there has not been a formal conclusion reached by the U.S. intelligence community. "There is a definite feeling it was an explosive device planted in luggage or somewhere on the plane," the official told CNN's Barbara Starr.
I mean, if anyone has ever been to Sharm, they would know this was a high probability. Literally no security and I wasn't even stopped after setting off the metal detector.
If the bombing is true, Egypt's already abysmal tourism industry will be non-existent for the near future.
If they really found a way to sneak a bomb on board a plane in this day and age, then that's pretty fuckn' scary.
The future is going to get interesting 
And a couple of days ago people were laughing at the possibility that it was ISIS. I'm not saying it was definitely them, but people aren't laughing anymore.
If this is true, this is a HUGE tactical mistake on the part of ISIS.

Russia will not take kindly to this.
[removed]
"never again" - the UN, prior to being useless as fuck for stopping the kinds of atrocities it was formed to stop. They're making headway on Internet trolls making fun of Tumblr though... So there's that. 
ISIS is genocide inc. We get it. We'd like to see them stop getting their funding. Can that be arranged? It's all horseshit until the money flow to ISIS stops.

Who is buying their oil? Who is giving them military equipment? Who is giving them the vehicles? Why? 
ITT : Shit comments
Nothing brings the world together like a common enemy. So, uh, thanks ISIS?
Unanimously among the Security Council, but not in the General Assembly of 193 nations.
This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/politics/war-on-isis-un-in-rare-unanimous-vote-calls-on-world-to-unite-against-jihadist-group-a6742951.html) reduced by 80%. (I'm a bot)
*****
&gt; With a rare rapidity of purpose, the United Nations has unanimously adopted a sweeping anti-Isis resolution imploring the world to unite to defeat Isis.

&gt; Stunned by the attacks of one week ago in Paris, the French government had correctly calculated that sympathy and a new sense of crisis in the chamber would trump months of dithering and division on the combined issues of Isis and the Syrian conflict.

&gt; The text calls on nations &amp;quot;With the capacity to do so&amp;quot; to &amp;quot;Take all necessary measures&amp;quot; to &amp;quot;Redouble and coordinate their efforts to prevent and suppress terrorist acts&amp;quot; committed by Isis.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/3tofvu/war_on_isis_un_in_rare_unanimous_vote_calls_on/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ "Version 1.6, ~16217 tl;drs so far.") | [Theory](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept/) | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr "PMs and comment replies are read by the bot admin, constructive feedback is welcome.") | *Top* *five* *keywords*: **Isis**^#1 **New**^#2 **unite**^#3 **state**^#4 **resolution**^#5

Post found in [/r/worldnews](http://np.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3tod8d/war_on_isis_un_in_rare_unanimous_vote_calls_on/) and [/r/exjw](http://np.reddit.com/r/exjw/comments/3todeu/the_un_just_voted_to_eradicate_isis_they_are/).
Are you trying to say the UN is trying to do something for once?
I think Germany is going to come out of the shadows and save the world. Total REDEMPTION.
The actual dates France went to war are:

sept. 19 2014 starts bombing in Iraq

sept. 27 2015 starts bombing in Syria

http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/sep/19/france-bombs-isis-depot-iraq-islamic-state

http://www.cnn.com/2015/09/27/middleeast/syria-france-isis-bombing/
ITT: People who love saying "boots on the ground".
This will grow to be a proxy war no doubt.
There's a lot of talk about ISIS wanting to provoke its enemies into a religious war in the hope it will only strengthen their numbers and support. But honestly, I look at the swift response by France and the US in the last 48 hours and it seems like this might be the beginning of the end for ISIS. It's hard to believe they can continue recruiting when it's becoming increasingly likely you'll die in an airstrike or similar fashion. 

I understand these people will die for the cause, and dying in a gun fight or by suicide bomb is probably even appealing in some ways. But nobody wants to die driving a truck full of oil. Or sitting in a classroom being trained. 

If effective strikes continue, I think it will have a great impact on the source of the problem. Kill a prominent figure, and another will eagerly replace him. But strike fear at the core of their recruiting, and long term results will start to emerge. 
Fucked up part is that Article 5 was invoked for Afghanistan and we're still in there. This really needs to be the last "hoorah" for the West and we need to decimate ISIS. No one wants "boots on the ground" but if this problem is gonna be solved, that's part of the solution.
Isis really boggle my mind. Like, what did they fucking expect to happen? I can't see a scenario where this would play out well for them. 
I wonder if I could make a government job for myself where I am given fake, hi ranking credentials and false information and, for my country of course, get bribed with women and vodka. I would tell them wrong information and keep these vixens and devil drink away from the people who really know import information.  It sounds like a hard job but for my country I will do it.
The old honey pot trap.  God I wish I was in a honey pot trap.  
a well-known strategy from **every** era.
Said Norwegian authority retracts his statement the next day, says he have had an misunderstanding after discussing this issue thoroughly with a Russian female correspondent.
No one is making them take the gifts, fuck the women, or give up secrets. Have some fucking self control and stop putting your dick where it doesn't belong. 
I once heard an interesting tale about these kind of tactics in China.

Apparently someone working for a major defence company was to attend an industry event I china, and was presented with a fairly standard security document from the company.

One of the things it warned against were honeypots... Which the document said was highly likely to be attempted on married men.

Being single, and liking the idea of sex, this chap thought he would be some free honey, and wore a fake ring to the event.

Sure enough...the honey appeared...he *ahem* enjoyed the honey, and shortly afterwards the men in suits entered the hotel room. Told him that they had recorded the event, and would be showing the footage to his wife unless he agreed to give them info....

He pointed out that he actually didn't have a wife...thinking he jad won...beat them at their own game...

The story go's...that the three Chinese suits were very much not happy about this.... They instructed the woman to leave....one got on the phone.... A short while later...in walks a girl wearing the same outfit, but underage.....

Needless to say, with the spectre of a Chinese jail cell hanging over him... Information was given... 
Any country where you can go to jail on charges of insulting the president should be legally classified as oppressive 
this really shows how Erdogan has brought the country to the brink of insanity, and then powered right ahead into uncharted territory.  How can anyone in their right mind consider this to be an acceptable lawsuit. 
So when can we say that Turkey is a dictatorship? Can anyone tell me with a straight face that they actually believe Erdogan will step down when the time comes?
Turkish people in general aren't so conservative or dictatorial. Back when Erdogan was first voted into power, Turkey had a strong democratic system for a Muslim country. That made them a natural ally, both culturally and politically for the West. 

The army is the secular force in Turkey and counteracts any attempts to dismantle democracy. The problem is that ever since Erdogan has been seizing power in increments since his first election, the army has been decreasing as rapidly in power. This leaves Erdogan untouched to dismantle the whole power balance that was setup by Kemal Ataturk, who was as Western as can get. With no army in sight, Erdogan's power is only going to increase pushing Turkey into a more uncomfortable position and adding to the clusterf*ck that is the Middle East these days. Dark times ahead.
I swear, it seems like most of the governments of the world have lost there frickin minds.

This is insane.
And I don't mean no paper cup either.... They give you a *glass* of beer. And in Paris, you can buy beer at MacDonald's. And you know what they call a Quarter Pounder with Cheese in Paris?
I have always wanted this, Ever since the time I got really hammered and tried to order a rum and coke at burger king because I thought it was a bar.
In Russia almost all fast food restaurants sell beer, Burger King included. I thought it was strange when I first saw that but now that I've been here a few years its normal. I need to learn how to say SUPERSIZE ME in Russian come to think of it
But five guys already serves beer. Does it not count as fast food for some reason?
Ok. We've got super hot gas (plasma) held in a squiggly doughnut shape. How do we get electricity from the squiggly doughnut shape?
Don Lemon at CNN wants to know; Will this create a black hole?
Fusion reactor technology is making headway and is very cool. And some day it will probably take over.. But keep in mind that viable technology is still decades away. We aren't going to be skipping a fleet of gen IV fission reactors, no matter how well the wendelstein 7x performs. So just a friendly reminder that the fourth generation of fission reactors need some love, too. 
"Ernst! Fire up ze stellarator!" I really hope they have at least *one* mad professor in the institute.
And thus Germany moved one step closer to creating their first superhero
A great day for Germany and therefore the world.

But seriously, this would be a really great step toward solving the energy problem. I'm crossing fingers that it works out well!
Well that was quick
[Interview](http://www.journaldemontreal.com/2015/11/18/il-nest-pas-chanceux-il-y-a-des-arabes-en-prison-dit-la-belle-mere-du-ijoker-i) with his mother in law: (my translation)


&gt;The mother in law of the man dressed as the Joker, who threatened to kill Arabs in a video on the internet, has emptied her heart in an interview with Radio X Wednesday morning.

&gt;Chantal Plante said her son-in-law Jessy Pelletier, 25, was arrested at his home on the night of Tuesday to Wednesday.
According to her, this video is a bad joke. She also indicated that he could not have attacked Arabs because he is disabled and moves on crutches.

&gt;"He's a good boy, but when he has something in mind, do not try to change his mind. Forget it, there's nothing to do. " 

&gt;"He would not have killed people. He has difficulty moving. This is someone who is disabled. Not just between the ears as some may think. He has a bone disease. " 

&gt;"He follows the news a lot. I knew he was a little bit racist, but I didn't think it was that bad." 

&gt;"Before he was arrested, the day before at 11PM, I called my daughter and I told her:" I think the guy in this video sounds familiar. The baby looks we hear in the background, it sounds like the voice of my grandson. "Being the grandma of that child, I recognize the voice." 

&gt;"He made that [Video] in the next room with his cell phone." 

&gt;"He loves disguises, whether Batman, Joker, etc." 

&gt;"[The gun] It is a plastic thingy!" 

&gt;"I, I said to my daughter:" was he trying to be Anonymous with that? '" 

&gt;"If you make a video like that, then you put it on YouTube, excuse me, nobody is supposed to ignore the law." 

&gt;"My daughter is mad as fuck. Excuse me the word, but that's it. " 

&gt;"Listen, she was woken up at 2 AM by the SWAT team smashing in the door at her house, it's not too fun." 

&gt;"My daughter was crying! I told her, "don't cry! He wanted to do something stupid, he has to pay the price, that's all. '" 

&gt;"He's only facing five years in jail. It'll maybe clean up his mind a little bit. It'll do him good. " 

&gt;"He's not lucky. There are Arabs in jail. " 

&gt;"I told him ... Lucky for you nothing happened to my daughter and my grandson because I would have killed him, I would have crucified him..." 

&gt;"He's nice, but having done that, I find it dumb and idiotic." 

&gt;"He threw the disguise and the plastic gun in the garbage two blocks from his home." 

&gt;"He will have to go get checked to be sure he has nothing wrong in the mind." 

&gt;"In his mind, and that's what he told the police, it was just a joke he wanted to do." 

&gt;"He is all alone at home, he mopes, he does not know exactly what to do because he can not go to work because he is disabled. He has two broken legs. He walks with crutches. " 

&gt;"I really could not see him, in his condition, going and trying to shoot someone. I can't see it happening with a crutch and a gun in the other [hand]" 

&gt;"I can definitely believe that he is frustrated by the attacks in Paris, but to go from that to saying such stupid things" 

&gt;"And not all Arabs are Muslims. We must not put them all in one basket. " 

&gt;"We must not forget that it is the people of our own country who are radicalized too." 

&gt;"He wanted to make a bad joke. It might also be a challenge with a friend, I do not know. " 

&gt;"I really do not find it funny this morning." 

&gt;"He will get an earful from me and his mother."

Huh. Easier than expected.
But he was arrested because his threats were not in both English and French.
[removed]
Wow that didn't take long at all
That is ridiculous. If this guy thinks he's better than ISIS - he's not. Thankfully he's caught now and hopefully he receives the proper consequences.
He sounds like a typical poster in r/worldnews 
Wanna know how I got these scars? The cops kicked my ass for being a terrorist.
If I've learned anything from history, a large corporation is going to swoop in, convince the UK that they'll do this, not actually do it, create a monopoly, and fuck consumers of the internet over for the next several decades with a government-mandated monopoly.
Yeah. This means the government can spy on us even faster! 

Also I can not use my encryption faster.

And I can sign up for ISIS faster.

And share my child abuse images faster. 

/s
back up a second... there are jet packs *that work* for 35,000?  

why have I seen idiots with water jets that go maybe 15feet for 15grand but never a guy flying a freakin 35k multirotor copter?

This changes everything...
The idea of using a high pressure hose at several hundred feet while tied to a massive contraption and fighting five hundred degree fires in thirty degree heat sounds like a recipe for a disaster movie.

The idea of a fleet of these sounds like a comedy.
The prophecy is fulfilled! http://i.imgur.com/kwyaKHU.jpg
Not a jetpack, it has no jets. It is a propeller pack.
Nothing helps put out a fire like the massive airflow generated from two high-power fans.
See how quickly &amp; dangerous misinformation can spread?!
That bloke's lucky to be alive!
I am amazed how nobody noticed him taking a picture with a Quran...
It is really dangerous for him. All it takes is one crazed 'vigilante'. I would be shit scared if I were in his place. Really appreciate him for keeping his cool. The canadian police should provide extra protection to him till all this blows over. 
It is a real pity that sikh's get targeted anytime being mistaken for muslims. In fact it is greater pity that even muslims get targeted for the actions of a few crazy assholes. 
Really wish that there is some miracle to bring sense to these barbarians who aim to destroy the very fabric of humanity.
"An Italian TV channel with nearly 2 million Twitter followers also posted the image."     
TV news standards have become so poor.   The crap they are pushing can hardly be termed journalism.
I hope he sues for libel... Idiotic journalists who published this photo. 
Crazy how unreliable the news is. No fact checking, just hop straight onto the bandwagon. Disgusting
&gt;Sikh man wrongly depicted as Paris attacker: Does social media make people irresponsible?

Considering the bulk of the damage was done by traditional media...no. It doesn't.
Delete Facebook, get a lawyer, and hit every last one of them with a libel suit
&gt; Although it isn’t clear who edited Jubbal’s image, reports have suggested that it was his vehement criticism of the Gamergate movement that made him the target for this particular smear campaign.

And thus, all criticism is deflected from the irresponsible dumbasses who repost crap they find on social networks and call themselves "journalists".

FWIW, /r/kotakuinaction is shitting themselves trying to figure out how they got blamed for this because most of them have never even seen this picture before.
Love the fact that they brought Gamergate into this when it has nothing to do with the case. Shit journalism.
&gt;Gamergate is an online movement that centers around sexism and misogyny in video game culture.

Funny, I was around when gamergate started, and at the time considered myself a feminist. Could have sworn that it was about ethics in game journalism and the fact that a couple failed to disclose their relationship when one covered the other's game. 

But honestly, are people retarded? A crude photoshop of a happy looking man with a very indian name and people just report that shit as fact?
In terms of terrorism, Pakistan has only three standards. 1)  Terrorist hurting India or Israel ?  -  Good terrorists 2) Terrorist hurting Pakistan -  Bad Terrorists 3) Terrorist not hurting India, Israel or Pakistan -  gtfo till 1 or 2 applies. 
The only surprising thing is a Pakistani newspaper published the findings. 


How can one not have definitive opinion on ISIS. I mean what information are you waiting for ? "I know they kill unarmed people, and enslave women, try to wipe out entire communities but I cant make up my mind yet" 
take that all the downvoters. I have been saying this repeatedly that 10-20% in islam are prone to extremism and can be potential future terrorists. Yet no one wants to believe me. I've lived in Egypt and seen it first hand...
Yeah Pakistan is seriously the world's biggest shit storm waiting to happen. 
This seems like a good time to point out that Pakistan is [a nuclear armed nation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pakistan_and_weapons_of_mass_destruction).
[removed]
Can this be surmised to malice or ignorance though? If people don't know much about ISIS they may not have an opinion on it.
ISIS does not have a presence in Pakistan so most Pakistanis don't know about it. It's like if you asked Americans about the Edhi foundation. Would they even know what it was (no it's not a terrorist org)? They too would choose "no definite opinion" if asked about a random organization operating in a foreign country.

[removed]
Is there an endangered animal anywhere on the planet that isn't threatened by the chinese appetite?
Does somebody want to explain why the Chinese seem to make it a goal to consume, or sell every endangered species we have? I'm generally curious here.

Edit: apparently it's uneducated old people not wanting to change and because the USA keeps fucking buying it. 
"Thou shalt not bear false witness against your neighbor."
Dan Brown better be taking notes. I'd like to read his version later. 
The Inquisition II. This time it's personal.
There are a great many vested interests at St. Stephen's and too many with much to lose by a Pope for the people attempting to remove corruption. Wouldn't be surprised sadly if Pope Francis met an undesirable fate.
That is so Christ-like of them.
&gt; Russia's sports minister Vitaly Mutko. . .**who is also a FIFA executive committee member**

Way to start your defense with a handicap, Russia.
WADA report: laboratory "staff members were routinely questioned by FSB upon their return from global laboratory and WADA seminars" "presence of..FSB..within the laboratory setting in Sochi..actively imposed an atmosphere of intimidation on laboratory..staff" pretended to be lab engineers in Sochi.

Russian response - WADA allegations politically motivated, have no real basis' - Russian Federal Medical Biological Agency Chief.

You couldnt make it up. 


[deleted]
[Here's a link to a documentary about systemic doping in Russian athletics](http://www.allthingsgym.com/german-documentary-systematic-russian-doping/)

"TL;DW: The documentary uncovers nationwide systematic doping. It involves names that are pretty high up the food chain, such as the president of the All-Russia Athletics Federation, Director of the WADA lab in Moscow and the Track and Field Head Coach, just to name a few. In fact it goes up to Mutko (Minister of sports) and even Putin gets a mention."


Lol ...Dick Pound.
Plane was apparently taking off from the capital, Juba. According to reports, there are two survivors, a child and a crew member. R.I.P, it has been a bad few days for aviation in this part of the world. 
This is why I'm not a fan of the Daily Star. The headline and the article itself make it seem like Russia are to blame for this crash. To me it seems rather transparent that the Daily Star are simply trying to cash in on the recent Russian crash in the Sinai peninsula with a misleading headline rife with sensationalism. Typical tabloid tactics.

Edit: Daily Mail to Daily Star
I like how all the headlines point out that this was a Russian plane.
Should we refer to every Boeing as an American plane? 
I don't recall reading about an American plane gone missing when Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 had disappeared. 
I don't really understand why it's emphasized that it's Russian plane. It's AN-12, a Soviet-made plane produced by Antonov Plant, which is located in Kiev, Ukrane. 
I guess any other country plane which is 46 years old, overcrowded and haven't seen proper maintanance for a while has pretty same chances to crash as this poor Soviet/Ukrane plane.
Only about 20 on board apparently; landed on fishermen who were working by the river Nile. Bad timing for Russian airlines as well.
This is a Russian-made plane operated in Africa. There's no maintenance and no saftey standards. It's bad enough for Russian airlines operating in Russia, but it's just terrible in Africa. There are a ton of small Russian companies that operate charter routes and I'm honestly shocked that their planes don't fall out of the sky on a weekly basis. Looks like this flight was overloaded. I'd love to see the maintenance record of this plane. 
I feel like they are only mentioning that it's Russian to stir shit up. Why didn't they state, "French" aircraft crashes after departing Egypt the other day? 
Since 2005, there have been 16 crashes of Antonov cargo planes in third world countries (and 4 others in Russia). Most of these crashes had around 10 to 50 fatalities. So everyone can stop acting shocked and conspiratorial.  This literally happens over once per year on average.
This has nothing to do with "gay rights."  The "attitude" he doens't like is bishops singling out gays and divorcees like they are the biggest deal on the block.  Yes, the church believes these things a serious sin, but they aren't unique to the other serious sins out there that people do every day.  All should be treated with compassion and viewed as people.
Here's some context for those that haven't read the article. 

&gt;Surely it was not about finding exhaustive solutions for all the difficulties and uncertainties which challenge and threaten the family, but rather about seeing these difficulties and uncertainties in the light of the faith, carefully studying them and confronting them fearlessly, without burying our heads in the sand.

That was where he "lambasted" the Bishops according to the article's title. Seems to me like a passing statement as opposed to a continuous speech where he completely "annihilated" them.
In 2010, before becoming the pope, Francis fought against gay rights in Argentina and wrote letters about how it would destroy the family. 

This guy is full of shit. 
SA is a fucking shithole, despite all their money
Saudi Arabia is like, "I don't give a fuck."

Cool. Something to be proud about again, feels like it's been a while.
Snitches get riches. 
See, Americans? When you treat your whistleblowers properly instead of exiling or torturing them, you get less corruption!
&gt;The men in custody are believed to be nationals of Syria who arrived at the Princess Juliana International Airport around 7:30 pm on an Insel Air flight originating from Haiti. 
St. Marteen is globally connected by flights to places like France, Holland and the United States/Canada (most major airlines fly from their hubs to Princess Juliana in the winter months). This is worrying. 
St. Marteen? It's St. Maarten. 

Or go with St. Martin in English.
3 fake passports, paying for air travel from Syria to Haiti to St. Maarten, that seems like a lot of money for a few refugees just trying to make it in this world. I'd love to know where they were planning on going...I'm sure they already have connections on St. Maarten, had to stay somewhere and if they were in fact on a budget. If it looks like a duck...
This is going to get much worse before it gets better.  We can only weather the storm I would think.  :(
ISIS is uniting the world. 
They manage to piss of Russia and China in the same week. Nicely done. 
Seriously, China has tried to stay out of this conflict for obvious reasons.  
And the retarded Daesh just had to get China directly involved. 
OK, so they pissed off Russia, they pissed off France, now they've pissed off China.  The word is they want to fuck up Times Square, and they'll probably take a swipe at the UK before too long.  They really want every great power in the world to unite I guess. 
Join the club china
When I think of governments I don't want pissed at me, China is near the top of my list.
In ISIS HQ they have an article from Buzzfeed printed and posted on a billboard reading: "Top Ten Military's in the World, You Won't Believe Number Six". There are little checkmarks next to over half of them.  
So basically they have pissed off the world so much in the last few days countries are forming a line to kick their ass. Their days are truly numbered.

I really hope this coming together to eradicate these fucktards once and for all creates a bit more cohesion and cooperation between the rest of us afterwards.
Theyre really picking the wrong countries to mess with. China, Russia, France, America. Thats a mighty bold strategy. Might as well add North Korea while theyre at it.
Mud pies. Unfortunately, mobile and deadly mud pies.

&gt; On December 14, 1999 in Vargas, Venezuela, a mudflow known as The Vargas tragedy significantly altered more than 60 kilometers (37 mi) of the coastline. It was triggered by heavy rainfall and caused estimated damages of US$1.79 to US$3.5 billion, killed between 10,000 and 30,000 people, forced 85,000 people to evacuate, and led to the complete collapse of the state's infrastructure.

Peru's desert seldom encounters rain, and aeolian sand builds up on slopes. When it does rain, this liquifies and produces weird, narrow structures that move extremely quickly. After the event, you have a raised ridge of debris perhaps two metres across with a narrow central channel. These things can run for kilometres, spreading out to engulf obstacles. I've never seen one in action, but they tell me that they go "as fast as a horse". 
Odd unit of measurement 
[A cool visualization of it](http://earth.nullschool.net/#current/wind/surface/level/orthographic=-309.03,7.23,1354).
Here is a little less sensational and likely  much more accurate description of the storm.

http://www.accuweather.com/en/weather-news/strengthening-cyclone-chapala/53282115

TLDR - Up to 8 inches in worst areas.

Edit: Autocorrect sucks. 
&gt; Is this really progress at all?

I'll handle this one guys:  No, it isn't.
Ok in all seriousness free trade doesnt really need to be incentivized on these massive scales. Small issue by issue negotiations in the open always work out better in the long term for both parties. 

These " Trade Agreements" are veiled corporate asset protection schemes. Look at the companies that are for TPP and you see a list of industries that ALREADY are doing just fine without any help thank you very much...


&gt; Janine Pieters, reporting in the NL Times, said the court has ruled that **sales of Scientology’s courses and therapy sessions are aimed at profit-making** and that it does not therefore belong on the tax authorities charity list.
Please start a chain reaction, please be the US next, please!

Edit: I understand the legality of not taxing religous institutions.  I would still think that a massive and very scrutinous federal investigation would show exactly how much of a not for profit organization the CoS is.  If it is deemed to not fit the criteria, then the organization of the church should be fined heavily for falsifying tax reports, and should loose it's status as a religous organization.  Scientology can still exist as a religion for all I care, but the physical organization should be disolved.  (Imagine in chatholocism, if a parish got into a lot of trouble, the parish would be disolved or at least bave its heads of management charged in court.)
[deleted]
If you ban it they will just put cat ears on it (not a human anymore) 
Oh, this again?

http://i.imgur.com/I3buMkT.jpg
Is it necessarily in good taste? No. It's not my cup of tea either - but for goodness sake, there's a world of difference between drawn loli and *actually abusing real children*. Until a concrete link can be proven between the prevalence of such art and an increase in child abuse, this is nothing more than pearl clutching.

Do the study and present evidence.
Explicit written depictions of child abuse, on the other hand, are sufficiently highbrow to deserve a different standard of protection. Heck, if you can fit some into iambic pentameter, you might get a grant!

Oh and also actual child abuse by powerful people. That's okay too.
Idiotic.  Cartoons are not people.  You don't grant human rights to fictional characters.
Let's not start banning comics again.  Artforms should not have legislation placed on them, no matter how extreme. 
[removed]
I still don't understand how a drawing can be illegal. No matter how disgusting, horrible or sick it is, it's just a drawing. No humans harmed.
I really don't see how this would help anyone. The media still hasn't figured out that TV, comics, and movies don't provoke or inspire people to commit atrocious acts, and banning them will do nothing but piss off a bunch of artists and their fans. Marilyn Manson didn't inspire Columbine, does no one remember all the shit he took from idiot suburban housewives over it because the media threw him under the bus?
if japan doesn't listen they might receive an angry letter
This is an attack on Freedom of Expression. This is not harming children. There are no children being affected by this in any way shape or form, there are no rights to protect here. This is just infringing on another person's right to freedom of expression and freedom of speech out of pure personal moral issues.
Oh yeah good idea. Take away their fantasies so that their only recourse is to that shit in real life. Thanks moralists.
How about ban REAL child sexual abuse in the Middle East first?
GAS THE CARTOONISTS LOLI WARS NOW
[deleted]
Has the UN lost focus of its stated mission?
Children are starving to death and we are talking about sexualized cartoons.
More censorship nonsense.

Now, I'm not a fan of Manga or Anime or any of that kind of stuff, but I am a fan of people creating stories and art however they want. I don't want laws and rules for what is acceptable for anything.
Going to risk downvotes by saying that I'd prefer paedos getting off to drawn images rather than abusing real children.

Also, how are you going to enforce this? If the internet has taught us anything it is that pornography of any stripe is impossible to regulate. 
They have the lowest crime rate... perhaps these comics should be mandatory everywhere.
Why? I see it as an outlet for people who might otherwise be out touching kids. I really don't care what people get off to, as long as no one is hurt. And barring the illustrator getting carpal tunnel, I really don't see that happening here. This is just unnecessary censorship.
No one is being harmed, you fucking moralists. 
First time in history Tu-160 had taken part in real combat mission. If you don't know what is Tu-160 - it is supersonic strategic bomber, largest combat aircraft in the world.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tupolev_Tu-160


ISIS, oh ISIS, you guys are fucked.
Daeshcam footage or it didn't happen. This is the daily star, the paper that stated they found a double decker bus on the moon.
It has begun.

DAVAI
You know you've fucked up when Russia and the US among others are both trying to kick your ass. ISIS is so fucked! 
Feels like we're just getting Gizmo wet after midnight. 
Well, have fun ISIS dealing with Russia&amp;France

[Assad right now](https://img.4plebs.org/boards/pol/image/1388/29/1388293796678.jpg)
♪♫♪♫
On the 17th Day of November, Prophet Muhammad gave to me.


900 Twitter Bannings

140 Russian Bombings

Russian Missiles Falling

24 Egyptian Shootings

73 Retreating Militants

20 Frenchies Firing

50 Kurdish Killings

30 British Bombings

116 freedomed oil trucks

And a partridge in a pear tree!
♪♫♪♫
They are using white phosphorus too. [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aesD9IOyPoY)
I can't believe how much totally bullshit fucking information went out about this story in just a couple hours. What a fucking joke journalism is these days.
Better safe than sorry.
Meanwhile an actual bomb went off in Nigeria killing 40 just minutes ago. What a fucked up world.
[deleted]
Please stop posting about mythical ambulance truck bombs, now.

Use this past hour or so as a lesson, to teach yourself what panic/excitement feels like in cases like this. What it feels like, subjectively, for you.

Think of some strategies you can employ to resist going berserk with speculation and rumor-mongering.

This is what the immediate post-9/11 period felt like, and it contributed to an ongoing mass public psychosis that lasted years. Well, maybe it never ended.

Those two rogue engineers sure did get around. /s
Volkswagen owns Porsche guys. They also own Bently, Audi, Lamborghini, and Bugatti.
So now what about the fresh CEO who was previously the head of Porsche..?
He's got some explaining to do..
"We absolutely did not add a defeat device to VW cars" -Volkswagen a few months ago.

"We absolutely did not add a defeat device to Porsche or Audis" -Volkswagen a few days ago.
Porsche drivers - "Ah, shit... I better bring in my $200,000 600HP turbocharged street-legal race car that gets 10MPG to find out the actual environmental impact it causes." 
That's definitely not a intrusion on privacy or anything
If they get to see ours then we should be able to see theirs. Would be interesting to see the double standards that happen if you are working for the government. 
I'd rather just confess to a murder. 
That wont work, the ISPs dont have that much storage capacity.
I'm ashamed to call myself English. If this doesn't cause a huge uproar Ima be pissed.
Fine with me! *Starts googling chicks with dicks*
This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/crime/police-to-be-given-powers-to-view-everyones-entire-internet-history-a6714581.html) reduced by 73%. (I'm a bot)
*****
&gt; Police are to be given the power to view everyone&amp;#039;s entire internet history in a new surveillance bill to be published next week, according to reports.

&gt; Authorities such as the police, intelligence services and the National Crime Agency would be able to access specific web addresses people had visited, but would need approval from a judge to view the content of websites, emails and social media messages.

&gt; Police have argued that the powers are necessary due to the scale of activity being carried out online, with The Guardian reporting that police have lobbied the Government for the change.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/3qtlrd/the_police_want_to_see_your_entire_internet/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ "Version 1.6, ~10591 tl;drs so far.") | [Theory](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept/) | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr "PMs and comment replies are read by the bot admin, constructive feedback is welcome.") | *Top* *five* *keywords*: **Police**^#1 **history**^#2 **service**^#3 **legislation**^#4 **internet**^#5

Post found in [/r/worldnews](http://np.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3qth95/the_police_want_to_see_your_entire_internet/), [/r/sodapopgun](http://np.reddit.com/r/sodapopgun/comments/3qtjnn/the_police_want_to_see_your_entire_internet/) and [/r/ClocksStrike13](http://np.reddit.com/r/ClocksStrike13/comments/3qtgpx/police_to_be_given_powers_to_view_everyones/).
I dislike talking about privacy rights, and the measures governments are going to limit said rights, simply because it's such a fucking cliche to use the term Orwellian..... but it is so fucking true.

The problem with issues like this being labeled Orwellian so often, is that it's taken for granted now.

The kids growing up today, who were born in the 90s or 00s, have little to no understanding of privacy.

I first used the internet in 1995, back when idiots were not online and it was mostly developers and geeks. The internet was created for connecting the world, and advancing technology, not so governments could spy on every citizen.

It's a sad world we live in. 
That's cool, just as long as I get to see all of their body cam footage.
We have a Minister of Environment *and Climate Change*. Quite a remarkable difference in tone from yesterday when our action on fighting climate change amounted to mostly hoping it would go away.
Here is the new [Minister of National Defence](https://i.imgur.com/mZm7T4c.jpg).



I was watching Justin Trudeau's swearing in as Prime Minister today and the swearing in of the cabinet members and I was struck by how low key the Canadian leaders Inauguration is compared to America's, so much less pomp and circumstance
All hail the Weed Lord of Neo-Canadia.
Fresh Prince of Rideau as he's known in these parts
Another interesting thing is the new Cabinet unveiled today. Trudeau promised gender parity among ministers and seems to have delivered, along with the usual mix of regional representation. 
As an older Canadian (50+), it's kind of good (and strange) to see the name Trudeau in the news again.
I wonder if they ever thought to themselves, as they were forcing civilians to eat people, "are we the baddies?"
This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.ctvnews.ca/world/african-union-reports-mass-graves-cannibalism-in-south-sudan-1.2631019) reduced by 81%. (I'm a bot)
*****
&gt; Government troops carried out organized killings of members of the ethnic Nuer in Juba, the capital, the report said.

&gt; Some of these soldiers were moved south to Kiir&amp;#039;s private farm near Juba in 2013 and later participated in the killings, the report said, citing interviews with informants.

&gt; Amid the Juba killings, Machar fled the capital and mobilized an insurgency which committed revenge attacks against the Dinka, sparking a cycle of violence in Bor, Malakal, and Bentiu towns which also included rape and murder of people in churches and hospitals, according to the report.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/3qk3p2/african_union_reports_mass_graves_cannibalism_in/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ "Version 1.6, ~9968 tl;drs so far.") | [Theory](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept/) | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr "PMs and comment replies are read by the bot admin, constructive feedback is welcome.") | *Top* *five* *keywords*: **report**^#1 **killed**^#2 **Kiir**^#3 **JUBA**^#4 **Nuer**^#5
I bet north sudan is feeling pretty smug about that separation right about now.
Another case of "nobody gives a shit because it's in africa". The UN could be doing so much in that part of the world with the ressources it is squandering elsewhere.
Once he stopped smoking because if his illness, you basically knew he would not have long.

He will be remembered.
Once watched a long interview with him in which he did what no modern American politician could get away with: before answering a question he would take a leisurely drag on his cigarette and take a few seconds to formulate his answer. Masterful and prevented dumb, off-the-cuff responses. 
RIP Helmut Schmidt

One of the greatest Germans of the last decades. A Great European and an astonishing Human Being. At least now he's back together with Loki. 


If we had one like him today half the world's problems would at least be offered a manageable solution. A salute to you, Herr Schmidt.
German here. We smoked a bunch of menthols at work today to pay our respect to the man, one of the greatest statesmen this world has ever seen :-(.
I remember this man, he was a great ally. He always gave us (US) great advice, and he was a true statesman during a time when the US and the Soviet Union were really at odds with each other over Europe.
There goes another great political mind of our time. He'll be dearly missed, especially so because he's been an active contributor in contemporary discourse even after leaving the office. Take a look at the wikipedia entry for his political contributions to honor the man if you have the time.

Good bye Helmut, rest however you most like to.
In times of a growing divide within in Germany, dies one of the last unifying political figures.

RIP.
A no-nonsense pragmatist with principles. They don't make them that way anymore.

RIP.
Not any more Norm.... Not anymore :(
&lt;div class="md"&gt;&lt;p&gt;Not any more Norm.... Not anymore :(&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;&lt;a href="https://youtube.com/watch?v=i7pt4GeKr60"&gt;https://youtube.com/watch?v=i7pt4GeKr60&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
I'm glad this finally became a publicly discussed issue. I studied my masters degree like 5 years ago and even back then the overall mentality was like "oh so you can't afford to live off of your parents in Geneva or NYC for another 6 months? tough luck!" and then you slowly got pushed away from a career in international organizations. I remember submitting an entry on an ILO call for applications about this very issue (the subject was youth and career opportunities). I spoke about fact that the system does not allow non rich kids to follow on the international organization or NGO's path... no winning entry addressed unpaid labor as a problem. It just wasn't a "notable issue" even 5 years ago. I am glad these kids who are able to work for free can address this issue on behalf of the rest whose talent is not as important as having a sponsor help them live in an expensive city while earning only "experience".
Silly interns, you don't get paid to just stand around in protest..! Oh... wait...
The UN lost its moral compass long ago
Have known for sometime about Israel, never realized Egypt was #2. Very interesting!!
The two countries, Israel and Egypt, both get this aid from the same historical event: the Camp David Accords which brought peace between Egypt and Israel in 1978. As part of that agreement, which normalized relations between Egypt and Israel, the US promised to give aid to both nations. Much of that aid had stipulations to buy American equipment which suited both nations just fine: Israel would stay militarily strong against unfriendly neighbors, and Egypt's military-ruled government would remain the most powerful Arab nation in the area.

**Long post warning!**

To understand why this is so important, we have to look back at the history of the regime post WW2. Since the founding of Israel, it has been at war with its Arab neighbors. Unlike the terrorism and insurgencies we've gotten used to in the past 20 years, most of the wars were actual nation-state vs. nation-state conflicts involving tens of thousands of troops on each side, thousands of aircraft and tanks, etc.

As you can imagine, these were often bloody affairs that severely disrupted nations and increasingly the world economy. Early on in hits history, Israel was primarily supported by European nations like the UK and France, and even Soviet Union, but things began to change.

First, when Gamal Abdel Nasser came to power in Egypt in the 1950s, he espoused the idea of pan-Arabism: a united Arab people, free of the artificial borders drawn by the colonial European rulers, and free of sectarian/religious divides in the area. The one thing everyone could agree upon: war with Israel.

Nasser's pan-Arabism was increasingly targeted at the Europeans and their American backers, and he was increasingly aligned with the Soviet Union. As part of the bigger Cold War going on, this pushed the US to more steadfastly support Israel in world affairs, especially as Soviet advisors and equipment started to flow towards the Arab nations.

Egypt, you must understand, as the most populous and most powerful of the Arab nations as well as its cultural center, was the undisputed leader of the Arab world. It, along with their allies in Syria and to a lesser extent Jordan, as well as supporting Arab nations like Iraq and Libya, waged a variety of wars against Israel over the decades. 

In 1967, the disastrous Six Day War happened when Israel preemptively struck Egypt, Syria, and Jordan, capturing the West Bank, Golan Heights, Gaza, and the entire Sinai Peninsula, more than quadrupling Israel's size.

This resulted in a mass exodus of Palestinians to neighboring nations as well as a HUGE shock to the Arab people: the small nation of Israel had utterly destroyed the combined Arab armies and took strategic and important lands away from them. This boosted the Israelis to think they were invincible, and the Arabs were a deflated group.

The economic effects of the war, however, were felt worldwide: the Suez Canal between Egypt and the Sinai ceased to function, and world trade/commerce through it stopped for years. Also, as oil from the Middle East became increasingly important, such disruptions had ripple effects in economies everywhere.

In 1973, President Sadat - who succeeded Nasser who died a few years earlier - launched the Yom Kippur War in conjunction with Syria. Catching the Israelis off guard on their holiday, the Egyptian struck across the Suez Canal and stormed the Bar Levi defensive line, which was supposedly impregnable (this is celebrated as a holiday in Egypt today).

The Israeli state was in shock, and the US had to airlift tanks and equipment to keep Israel in the fight. Eventually, the Israelis rebounded: their armies were within 50 kilometers of Damascus and 101 kilometers of Cairo when a cease fire was brokered. This cease fire was in part brokered by the US and Soviet Union, the latter of whom threatened to airlift entire divisions of Soviet Army paratroopers to the fight to save their allies in Egypt and Syria (hmm, that sounds familiar...) which prompted the US to ready forces to send there as well.

Aside from nearly bringing the two superpowers into a clash over Israel, Arab nations pressured Saudi Arabia - a steadfast ally of the US who mostly stayed out of getting involved in the wars with Israel - to start an oil embargo to punish the US's support of Israel. The famous images of Americans waiting hours and even days for gasoline to fill up their car came from this. 

The economic repercussions were huge in the US: small recessions and economic downturns occurred throughout the 70s, in part because of these disruptions. The US wanted an end to the wars in the region in part to stop these disruptions.

However, the Yom Kippur War changed a lot of things in Egypt and Israel as well. Israel no longer felt invincible - they had been bloodied early in the war. Likewise, the Egyptians felt that they had regained a lot of the respect lost in the Six Day War - there were now talks that they could negotiate with Israel as equals.

In secret, Sadat negotiated with Israel through clandestine means and finally shocking the world by flying to Israel and even speaking in front of Israel's parliament. Peace was supposedly at hand, and the Camp David Accords made it official. In exchange for diplomatic relations and peace, the Israelis would return the Sinai to Egypt in exchange for Egypt's promise to never station military forces in Sinai without their permission (part of why the Sinai is so lawless today).

The Suez canal was reopened, and with Egypt no longer at war with Israel, the Arab nations lost their strongest nation and leader and effectively could never wage conventional war against Israel successfully again. The US, also brilliantly, flipped Egypt from being in the Soviet sphere of influence to the US's side. Thus, with this financial aid being sent to both Israel and Egypt - which would be used to buy US military equipment - it effectively made Egypt an ally while securing (relative) stability in the Middle East, at least between its nation-states. The big oil embargoes and disruptions of world trade ceased to be a recurring thing.

The after effects, have been interesting. For one, the Arab League banished Egypt for years for their decision to be at peace with Israel. President Sadat himself was assassinated in 1979 by Islamist-leaning militants who were angry at his decision for peace - he was succeeded by Mubarak (yes, the same Mubarak toppled in 2011) who kept the peace and close ties with the US.

The Palestinians that fled to nearby nations after the 1967 war ended up disrupting nearby nations, first in Jordan (see Black September in 1970), and then in Lebanon which started the decade-long Lebanese Civil War. 

Finally, one could argue that in the absence of nation-state fighting nation-state, the Arab-Israeli conflict has flipped to smaller wars between insurgents and non-state actors like Hamas and Hezbollah. We certainly don't see Israel fighting neighboring nations in full-out war every few years like we used to, but we have certainly seen a lot more conflicts with terrorist groups and terrorism in general.

Sorry for the long post, and I know that it is oversimplified as the region and its politics is extremely complex, but I hope this was helpful!
Compensation to Egypt for use of the Stargate
One of the most selfish examples of humanity in action I've read for a while. This is why we can't have nice things. 
Why don't we just stop using palm oil? The world got by quite nicely without it until recently.
Palm produces 7x more oil per acre than soy.  It also is healthier (as long as it's not hydrogenated), rich in vitamin A, and E, and has a long shelf life.

I never understood the anger over palm oil, the world has cleared millions of acres of rain-forest to grow soybeans (which is less efficient than palm at producing oil) and no one really complains.


&gt;“We don’t want people to drink alcohol and we can not tolerate its promotion.”

Promotion is one thing, but dictating the personal choices of others is something else entirely.  
Mustafa Atatürk's secular Turkey is dead, IMO - the corpse is being eaten by Islamists now.
It's really, REALLY sad to watch Turkey slowly circle the drain like this.
This comes as France officially cancels their diplomatic banquet with Iranian president Hassan Rouhani after he insists that no alcohol is present at the table. In France. At lunchtime. 

Islam strikes again, ruining everyone else's fun. 
Fine then we don't like your religion. Please desist all religious activity immediately.
The more I learn about Islam, the more I'm convinced it's a really boring religion that bans all the fun out of life....
I will stop drinking when you stop raping your 15 year old wife. On a second thought, even then I won't. 

It should be noted that the previous president of Turkey (Abdullah Gul) was 31 years old when he got married, while his wife was 15. And nobody bats an eye about it.
Thanks for posting. Here is the Telegraph report on the situation:

http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/economics/11949701/AEP-Eurozone-crosses-Rubicon-as-Portugals-anti-euro-Left-banned-from-power.html

An impressive summary paragraph(s) considering its publishers:  
"Europe’s socialists face a dilemma. They are at last waking up to the unpleasant truth that monetary union is an authoritarian Right-wing enterprise that has slipped its democratic leash, yet if they act on this insight in any way they risk being prevented from taking power. Brussels really has created a monster."
Can't believe this link is so low on r/worldnews. This has been blowing up on twitter
ITT: Americans who don't understand how semi-presidential representative democracy works. 
Silva should be arrested for working against the constitution. This is a coup, plain and simple.
How do they count the bodies so fast? Did the missile have a body counter on it?
0.1 milihitlers.
What did they hit that took out 600 at once?
It's an RT article folks... The Kremlin could ask them to add or remove a zero to that number, make the victims all civilians or all terrorists and no one in the redaction would even bat an eye. 
Interesting no one is decrying the indiscriminate nature of a cruise missile killing hundreds of people in a single attack, but the U.S. drone program has received endless criticism for allegedly killing as many civilians in its entire 11 year program.
If USA did this everyone would be moaning about how all of them are civilians.
#PutinThemInTheGrave

I find that completely utterly unbelievable. There is nowhere where there are 600 militants standing around with their dicks in their hands waiting to get blown up by cruise missiles. 

Like if you were shooting cruise missiles at civilians in Damascus on purpose you'd have a hard time killing that many people at once
Wait, like both navies are chilling with each other? Thats cool.
When I flew patrols off the coast of China they would send fighters to intercept us frequently.  Usually the Chinese pilots would zip in real close along our wing and then hold up a sign in their cockpit.  Most of the time it was a little hello message, or maybe their email address.  We would wave and take pictures, then they would bug out after a couple of minutes when their fuel reserve ran low.  Just because our politicians saber rattle doesn't mean we on the front lines can't be normal human beings to each other.
&gt;The Chinese destroyer shadowed the Lassen for 10 days before and after its patrol on 27 October near the artificial islands, said Francis. 

&gt;Eventually, the Chinese destroyer that had followed the Lassen on its mission past the artificial islands peeled away.

&gt;“They were very cordial the entire time ... even before and after the Spratly islands transit,” Francis said. “When they left us they said, ‘Hey, we’re not going to be with you any more. Wish you a pleasant voyage. **Hope to see you again**’.”

This kind of makes me giggle. 
I am willing to bet $1k that none of the U.S. Or Chinese  Soldiers or citizens want to go to war. The only ones that want war are those that profit from it. We are sick and tired of being at war!! 
Should have engaged in a dank game of Dota 2. 
They left the guns and switched cars so they could move without getting too much attention. 

What they didn't expect is that the border would get closed So now they can't leave that easily back to Germany/Belgium or Syria without a passport check. 

They are probably hiding somewhere in France, that is my guess at least. Hopefully the police can find them and deliver justice.
So some of the bastards escaped? 
And the manhunt begins.
Important to note that the sentence is not supposed to make light of the tragedy in Paris:

&gt; Ghaled, 22, who was a dentistry student in Syria before he was forced to flee the conflict there, visited the French embassy in Berlin to pay his respects to those killed in coordinated bomb and gun attacks across Paris. 
I Remember being in this same situation when i was living back in Syria,It was the day before me and my brothers flight to Armenia and at 7 pm we started hearing gunshots and explosions RIGHT under our apartment,the feelings you go through hearing all those sounds echoing in your house because no one in your family is able to speak...the gunshots and fighting went on for 10 more hours,no one in my family slept,i remember my mom giving some sort of pills to calm me down because i was hunched back and sitting on a corner of my room...then at 5 am things went quite for 10 min,then we instantly started hearing gunshots RIGHT outside the door of our apartment our apartment has a wide space of windows so the terrorist were shooting from there, down at the military,my whole family moved to the kitchen which is the farrest place from the door...we were all just hoping and praying that they wouldn't decide to break down our door and break in,i cant even imagine what would've happen if they did...2-3 hours later the fight slowly went quite and we knew we had to get out of the house because it wasn't going to be over,also our flight was a few hours later,we had already packed everything...so my dad went to the door,looked thought the peephole and opened the door,looked down from the apartment and he saw the military guys sitting there,he started talking to them and explaining and they said that the main exit is swarmed with the terrorists and they would have to accompany us to a safe exit,so me,my dad,my mom and my brother each held a suitcase we could carry and started going down the stairs the military guys then started taking us to a safe exit,while we were walking(fast) we start hearing gunshots RIGHT behind us and at that moment,i don't even know how to explain what goes through your head,my mom instantly grabbed my hand and we just started running and after a few minutes we were out from the alleyways and it was so quite so empty...literally not even a single person walking in the streets and you could see the gunshots on the walls and building and stores all destroyed....we then started walking to our cousins house and a few hours later my dad drove me and my brother to the airport to come to Armenia (the flight was free it was by one of the Armenian charities) and we said goodbye to my family and our cousins and left. My mom and my dad came 2 months later of course.This was almost 3 years ago when i was 15,i'm now living with my parents in Armenia.I wrote this because its rly hard to imagine how it's like when things like this happen at those moments when your life is at risk,some people take the freedom and safety of their daily lived for granted.(We were living in Syria,Aleppo ,when the war had already started but it wasn't as bad where we lived,we knew and heard of the things that happened but where we lived it was normal..well until that day.
EDIT:thanks for everyone who has given me gold,i just wanted to share my story so thank you also i'm not sure if i should provide proof or not i've never posted a on reddit but just in case here's [Passport](http://imgur.com/CXCLUcq)

Good heavens, the man says he can empathize and people in this thread are like 'he doesnt seem to grateful' and 'he should go home'. 

Thats like the US saying we understand terrorist attacks, we had 9/11 and France saying pfft thats so 14 years ago. 

Gimme a break people, think ffs. 
[Friday's attacks were not "the worst acts of violence committed in Paris since WW2". That title goes to the Paris Massacre of 1961, when police attacked a peaceful pro-Algerian protest, killing as many as 200.] (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paris_massacre_of_1961)
It's not Europe's war or responsibilty to suppprt the refugees or to get attacked. 
with 10,000 crocodiles sounds to me they are in the body removal business.
Only HSBC has the privilege of laundering drug money without consequence.
&gt;The farm is owned by the Rosenthal family, a powerful clan in Honduras with interests spanning banking, media, property, tourism, livestock and agriculture.

Crime family sheds crocodile tears when hit with money laundering investigation.
"Yo dawg how rich is your family?"..."10000 crocodiles rich" 
Crocodiles can live without food for months. Some sites claim even [3 years without food](http://www.top10listland.com/top-10-animals-that-can-survive-without-food/).
This family is being punished merely on accusations.  They haven't been convicted.  Meanwhile, HSBC got to continue doing business while it was being investigated for the exact same thing, and on top of that they got away with it.
You wouldn't download an organ!
Oh yes, I sure do need a new pair of eyes.
This is amazing news. This truly has endless applications but the few that pop in my head automatically are CABG patients. Imagine not having to harvest those veins from other body parts. Sweet.
"Alright, Mrs. Jones, what we're going to do, essentially, is print you out a new heart, how does that sound?"
Good thing he wasn't notified of his inheritance by email, because there's no way that would have made it through the spam filter.
&gt;“I said, ‘Oh, Eric. That’s lovely. Make sure you videotape (the ceremony) so I can see it,’ ” Watson said. “And he looked crestfallen. He said, ‘But Sue, I wanted to invite you!’ ”

That's just all kinds of awesome.

The cockles of my heart have been warmed
Man, I can see the movie about it being made already...
We have some guy here in Germany who is a tribal king and travels to Africa a few times a year to run the business all while maintaining a car repair shop  
Edit: Apparently his tribe consists of 200,000 people their homeland is Ghana as well, found an English article about him http://www.odditycentral.com/news/african-king-living-in-germany-rules-his-people-via-skype.html
That Watson lady seems nice. She went well out of her way on a few occasions to help the guy out.
Hey Boss, I'm the boss now. Wanna come plant some tomatoes in my kingdom?
Yea there was a US Army Chaplain in the same situation.  Ghanese Tribal kings have a degree of power among their tribe.
http://www.stripes.com/news/chaplain-would-like-to-keep-ministering-to-troops-in-iraq-but-knows-a-tribe-in-ghana-wants-its-king-back-1.78269
I used to daydream this would happen to me, but it would be Ireland.
Unfortunately, as we have seen in Paris, terrorists on a suicide mission don't need hostages.
[removed]
170 hostages are being reported. Damn
Releasing people only if they are capable of reciting from the Quran? These terrorists are absolutely insane. 
From reddit live:
&gt;Those able to recite verses from the Koran were freed.

Yeah, not the first time this has happened. Better learn a few in Arabic, I guess.
Not everybody receive the evidence or intelligence at the same time. This is fine. I live in Egypt during the revolution. I always watch the Russians. If they evacuate, then shit is bad. 
Even if the investigations now finds that the crash wasn't caused by a bomb the news about the alleged bomb is going to ruin the egyptian tourism industry regardless. 

Looks like those terrorists in north Africa have figured out that the tourism industry in those states is both very important and quite vulnerable ([At least 70 hotels in tunisia closed after the two attacks earlier this year](http://news.yahoo.com/70-tunisia-hotels-closed-since-jihadist-attacks-151915147.html).) 

I hope the world powers realize that ISIS and terror are not a single country's problem. Seeing Russia and the US fighting together to wipe out ISIS would be awesome.
[Wow, ](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3rjbhz/us_intelligence_bomb_likely_brought_down_plane/cwovm4g?context=3) I [guess](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3rjbhz/us_intelligence_bomb_likely_brought_down_plane/cwov7nc?context=3) I [was](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3rjbhz/us_intelligence_bomb_likely_brought_down_plane/cwoutc5?context=3) a [real](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3rjbhz/us_intelligence_bomb_likely_brought_down_plane/cwoz5ef?context=3) asshole [for](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3rjbhz/us_intelligence_bomb_likely_brought_down_plane/cwothdo?context=3) posting [the](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3rjbhz/us_intelligence_bomb_likely_brought_down_plane/cwoso80?context=3) CNN [article](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3rjbhz/us_intelligence_bomb_likely_brought_down_plane/cwopd8p?context=3) which [said](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3rjbhz/us_intelligence_bomb_likely_brought_down_plane/cwoprah?context=3) that [US ](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3rjbhz/us_intelligence_bomb_likely_brought_down_plane/cwooh9o?context=3) intelligence [believed](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3rjbhz/us_intelligence_bomb_likely_brought_down_plane/cwoogji?context=3) the [plane came](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3rjbhz/us_intelligence_bomb_likely_brought_down_plane/cwomhj1?context=3) down [from a bomb.](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3rjbhz/us_intelligence_bomb_likely_brought_down_plane/cwpj69n?context=3) Pure [US propaganda](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3rjbhz/us_intelligence_bomb_likely_brought_down_plane/cwpclta?context=3) garbage, [with](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3rjbhz/us_intelligence_bomb_likely_brought_down_plane/cwparlk?context=3) no [basis](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3rjbhz/us_intelligence_bomb_likely_brought_down_plane/cwp9mqm?context=3) in [fact,](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3rjbhz/us_intelligence_bomb_likely_brought_down_plane/cwp7p6s?context=3) which [Putin](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3rjbhz/us_intelligence_bomb_likely_brought_down_plane/cwp7gnm?context=3) would [ultimately](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3rjbhz/us_intelligence_bomb_likely_brought_down_plane/cwp78tj?context=3) prove [to](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3rjbhz/us_intelligence_bomb_likely_brought_down_plane/cwp4jv1?context=3) be  [another](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3rjbhz/us_intelligence_bomb_likely_brought_down_plane/cwp3rxu?context=3) Western [smear](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3rjbhz/us_intelligence_bomb_likely_brought_down_plane/cwp3jye?context=3) campaign, [so](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3rjbhz/us_intelligence_bomb_likely_brought_down_plane/cwp39vf?context=3) fuck [me, right? ](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3rjbhz/us_intelligence_bomb_likely_brought_down_plane/cwoztpl?context=3) /s
I really hope the actually reinforce the protection of the park.  Just slapping a national park tag on it does nothing.  It is a dream of mine to visit Peru one day 
YAY! finally the UN HR committee is gonna blame an Arab country for killing Palestinians!

"Ahhmmm, Saudi Arabia is a member in this committee so.. No"

Ohhh
&gt; Saudi Arabia's justice system is based on Sharia Islamic law and its judges are clerics from the kingdom's ultra conservative Wahhabi school of Sunni Islam. In the Wahhabi interpretation of Sharia, religious crimes including blasphemy and apostasy incur the death penalty.

so in other words, the entire Saudi judicial system is just a front for whatever the royals jerk off to.  that's why you'll never see any /r/saudiprince (who is part of the drug trade or who fund wahhabist madrassas) face any trials.

**edit:** changed "madrassa schools" to "wahhabist madrassas"
So, in Saudi Arabia some guy can just say that you said God doesn't exist or you cursed his name, and then suddenly you're on trial for blasphemy. And just like that, you're sentenced to death. Wow. The US needs to quit giving a shit about Saudi oil, or sticking it to Iran. We need to drop support for the Saudis altogether. Wahhabism: this is precisely the behavior and ideology of ISIS.
[removed]
But we just sold them 1.3 billion dollars in weapons!!! oh and one of their "royals" was busted for smuggling Captagon... http://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/saudi-royal-four-others-detained-beirut-captagon-bust-n451486 

Great friends these Saudi's 
And muslims tell us there's no compulsion in religion... 
I have mentioned this before, but this **really pisses me off**.  Why are we so hypocritical about who our allies are?  We are best friends with this monstrosity of a country, but we berate Cuba on their human rights?  When was the last time Cuba sentenced anyone to death for apostasy?  When did they last crucify dissidents?  We have a worthless embargo with Cuba, while we constantly get one our knees for Saudi Arabia.

I know it is all about money, but things like this make it so abundantly clear that the US government is glaringly hypocritical.  My tax dollars go to support the piece of shit country that is Saudi Arabia.  Our politicians are an absolute joke. 
[removed]
[removed]
&gt;Even if Canada’s copyright laws are changed, he said, it doesn’t mean the most draconian of the new measures will be actively and consistently enforced.

If they don't have to be enforced, they don't have to be in the legislation.
Crossposting this from the other thread on this topic:

"Yet Simpson said some of the concerns about the TPP agreement are overblown, adding it’s notoriously hard to predict how copyright law will be enforced because of public policy concerns and corporate practice.
Even if Canada’s copyright laws are changed, he said, it doesn’t mean the most draconian of the new measures will be actively and consistently enforced.
He cited the example of the cosplay community, where people hold conventions dressed up as their favourite movie and TV characters in flagrant violation of the copyright of the major studios.
“People have had visions of (police vans) going around and rounding up a bunch of people in stormtrooper costumes and taking them to jail,” he said. “That’s not going to happen.”"



So its ok to pass shitty laws because they might not get enforced? What the fuck kind of logic is that? 
It didn't sink, for those that didn't read the article: "one of the peninsulas there was in fact an island in the ancient era, and its distance from the mainland was filled with alluviums over time. "
10 clams on History channel having a "Atlantis" special next month on this one. 
'BAH GAWD that's gotta be Kane!'
The terrorist was employed in Tel Aviv, he had a steady job and good living conditions. 

He was not a martyr.
Updates: 

2 dead. Seems like this occurred inside a synagogue during prayers.

Police confirm this was a terror attack

[Hamas praise the attack as usual](https://twitter.com/hamasinfo/status/667332322539212800)

Terrorist is a Palestinian from Durah (Near Hebron)


[**Second attack in Gush Etzion in the West Bank just 2 hours later**](http://www.jpost.com/Arab-Israeli-Conflict/Suspected-terrorist-shooting-at-Gush-Etzion-Junction-in-the-West-Bank-434692) - Palestinian terrorist shot at cars **killing 3** (1 American tourist Jew, 1 Israeli Jew, 1 Palestinian) 4 more wounded
Tel Aviv.  Not Hebron, not East Jerusalem, and some settlement outpost.  This is not "armed resistance."  This is murder.  This is terrorism.  Can't wait to see what street they name after him. 
One of the victims was slaughtered while praying in synagogue. The terrorist told the investigators he came to "kill Jews"
I'd like to ask the people from the Muslim and the Arab countries how is their media there showing those attacks of Palestinians on Jews?
Israel has been the victim of a brutal campaign of terrorism (yet again) which has featured [old men being run over and having their necks hacked at](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0pDkS-rWYLQ), the [stabbing of a mother](http://www.timesofisrael.com/i-yelled-for-help-and-they-spit-at-me-says-victim-of-jerusalem-attack/) and wounding of her 2 year old child (thankfully she survived but 2 others died, random Palestinians laughed, spat and watched), a [13 year old boy being stabbed](http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/world-news/shocking-footage-shows-13-year-6635510) and countless other fatal attacks.

Whilst stab-a-random-Jew became a hit amongst Palestinian society, we have seen videos of [small knife wielding children expressing their wishes to stab Jews](http://www.timesofisrael.com/watch-i-want-to-stab-a-jew-young-girl-tells-her-teacher-father/), clothing stores named "Hitler" [featuring knife wielding mannequins](http://www.msn.com/en-gb/video/animals/gaza-hitler-2-clothing-store-puts-knife-wielding-mannequins-on-display/vp-BBmSLUy), [streets named after the terrorists by the "moderate" side of Palestinian society](http://www.palwatch.org/main.aspx?fi=157&amp;doc_id=16013), "moderate" Palestinian officials claiming that stabbing Jews is a Palestinian "right", and much more incitement from the PA/Fatah, including blaming 
Paris on Israel.

This follows years upon years of brutal terror attacks, massacres, suicide bombings, stabbings etc.

Everybody here is saying "yeah go France, get those ISIS bastards do whatever it takes" whilst they cheer on hundreds of air strikes, arrests of relatives, and war-like rhetoric yet whenever Israel does any of this shit in response to the same Islamist piece of shit terrorists, the world calls on "both sides to show restraint", lambasts Israel, claims they had it coming. Heck, the fucking media is referring to Raqqa as the "capital" of the Islamic State yet they wouldn't dare call Jerusalem the capital of Israel.

Fucking stupid. All these cunts on Facebook saying "yeah but what about Iraq, Syria and Palestine"... Yeah, what about Iraq and Syria where **hundreds of thousands have died** and Palestine where about 60 Palestinians have been killed whilst trying to commit terror attacks. OH WON'T SOMEBODY THINK ABOUT PALESTINE?! Dickheads with the Palestine flag over their profile picture, saw some guy with a "FREE PALESTINE" hoody on today.

There's not a facepalm big or hard enough to convey the stupidity...
Fuck. The 18 year old killed was my age. I'm on a program in Israel and he's friends with people on my program. 
Israel is going through terror attacks for decades, but people don't seem to understand this is exactly the same thing as what happens in France. They are doing the incorrect liberal mistake of trying to find a justification (the occupation, the settlements...) 

There were Arab / Muslims slaughtering Jews before the establishment of Israel in 1948, before the occupation started in 1967.

I don't agree with all that Israel is doing, but people should stop justifying terror, period. The stabbings in Israel are no different than the terror in France, but it gets zero media attention. Either because it's "oh, but the occupation" or "it's just the Jews" or simply "Well, it is just a few stabbings" 

People don't get it that Israeli security forces are just way better at stopping terror. Israel had Hamas led bus bombings until they built a wall around the west bank and Gaza. It's not a wall around them, it's a protective wall around Israel. And guess what, it stopped the suicide bombers...

Israel should stop the occupation, and settlement because this is what the international law requires. 

But the fact that the media ignores the terror attack in Israel or people thinking that it is any different than the terror attacks in France is appalling. 
Sad. This has been going on in Israel for the past month; these are not the first to be murdered in the latest Palestinian wave of terrorism on Israeli civilians.

I hope the world one day sees that these are the same people as ISIS, just with differently named social clubs.
For those that don't know Tel Aviv is like the Portland, Oregon of the middle east. It's a beautiful city that's way more secular than the rest of the country; and by extension the whole middle east. I loved visiting there, personally the politics are way too liberal for me to love there but that's part of why I appreciate it.
[removed]
Again killing people praying in synagogue, what a nice religion, dear Allah fuck you and your followers.
We're gonna add the Israeli flag to our profile pic, yes? Oh. We don't do that? 

Well at least the Muslim world is going to condemn these attacks, right guys??? 
actually pretty smart. let America spend all the money on R&amp;D and then just copy it.
I love any post on the F35, all of a sudden everyone is an expert engineer.
Take a look at what is going on in China with automobiles and you'll not be terribly surprised by this. They don't even bother to try to hide that they are duplicating near to exactly, designs from multiple other manufacturers.
If they've fixed its problems, maybe we should steal it back.




It isn't a copy.

I'll drop a real shocker here.  You could fly a fully developed F-35A into a Chinese military base and let them study it for as long as they want.

And they'll *never* be able to produce a direct 1:1 copy in terms of quality and construction.

A lot of the tooling and machines used to make the F-35 are equally complicated.  Like this press...

http://www.cleveland.com/business/index.ssf/2012/02/alcoas_50000-ton_ready_to_go_b.html

In order to build a copy of the F-35, you'd also need a copy of the aircraft's software, and access to all of the tooling.

Want to know why we destroyed all of the tooling for the F-14's?  So it would be impossible for Iran to build more or make replacement parts for theirs.  Iran can't service their F-14's because they don't have the tooling for it.
No stealth material and China cannot make a super cruise engine if we gave them one to back engineer. Not worried at all.
What about that Danish woman who went abroad to fight against ISIS and had her passport confiscated? 
What a great idea.  All nations should adopt that policy.  Maybe then there would be a little less war?
Good! Fuck those Islamic terrorists. They deserve to be rammed in the butt with a predator missile.
You might be Islamic terrorizing a little too hard if multiple Islamic terrorist groups are disgusted by your conduct. 
Few things unite humanity more than a common enemy.
Of course, Iran said the same thing. Neither of them like this Sunni groups. When Hezbollah attacks, though...
Says the archterrorist. 
A short list of Hezbollah terror attacks:

* The 1982–1983 Tyre headquarters bombings
* The April 1983 U.S. Embassy bombing (by the Islamic Jihad Organization),
* The 1983 Beirut barracks bombing (by the Islamic Jihad Organization), that killed 241 U.S. marines, 58 French paratroopers and 6 civilians at the US and French barracks in Beirut
* The 1983 Kuwait bombings in collaboration with the Iraqi Dawa Party.
* The 1984 United States embassy annex bombing, killing 24.
* A spate of attacks on IDF troops and SLA militiamen in southern Lebanon.
* Hijacking of TWA Flight 847 in 1985,
* The Lebanon hostage crisis from 1982 to 1992.
* The 1992 Israeli Embassy attack in Buenos Aires, killing 29, in Argentina. Hezbollah operatives boasted of involvement.
* The 1994 AMIA bombing of a Jewish cultural centre, killing 85, in Argentina. Hezbollah claimed responsibility.
* The 1994 AC Flight 901 attack, killing 21, in Panama. Hezbollah claimed responsibility.
* The 1994 London Israeli Embassy attack, injuring 29, in the United Kingdom.
* The 1996 Khobar Towers bombing, killing 19 US servicemen.
* Providing "direct assistance" to al Qaeda, including training and explosives, in orchestrating the 1998 United States embassy bombings.
* In 2002, Singapore accused Hezbollah of recruiting Singaporeans in a failed 1990s plot to attack U.S. and Israeli ships in the Singapore Straits.
* The January 15, 2008, bombing of a U.S. Embassy vehicle in Beirut.
* In 2009, a Hezbollah plot in Egypt was uncovered, where Egyptian authorities arrested 49 men for planning attacks against Israeli and Egyptian targets in the Sinai Peninsula.
* The 2012 Burgas bus bombing, killing 6, in Bulgaria.
* Training Shia insurgents against US troops during the Iraq War.

And that's not including the assassination of Rafik Hariri, where Hezbollah were the main suspect in either providing support or executing the assassination.

Sources:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hezbollah#Alleged_suicide_and_terror_attacks

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rafic_Hariri#Assassination
Why don't we bomb the shit out of the fields and the pay American contractors billions of dollars to rebuild them after the war?
***ISIS***

* ***Turkey*** has bought most of the oil since the beginning. In return they send ammunition, weapons, recruits, military intelligence and provide excellent healthcare to wounded soldiers. You can find hours of videos, allot photos, journalistic articles and reports and 100's of written witness testimonies, proving it all. Even certain NATO officials has officially expressed their concerns. 

* ***Plot Twist:*** The European, Australian, Canadian, UK and US corporate owned mass media doesn't want report about it. They won't touch. They won't acknowledge it. They do as they are told by the military and intelligence community, nothing has changed since 2001.

* ***Saudi Arabia, Qatar and Turkey*** are also providing additional funds, beyond the oil sales which amounts to 10's of billions. You could literally walk across the Bosporus Strait on it, without getting wet feet! 

* ***Why?*** Oil and a massive Sunni Islam supremacy - inferiority complex. It is F.U.B.A.R.!  

I have given up on the corporate owned mass media, including Reddit, they have lost ALL their credibility. They censor or ignore any information that doesn't fit the governments narrative. They know exactly who is behind the proxy war in Syria: Iran, Russia, USA, Israel, Turkey, Saudi Arabia, Qatar and Jordan. They ignore the ongoing ***GENOCIDE*** against the Kurdish, Alawite, Shia, Druze, Yazidi and Christian minorities. It has become another Sudan, Iraq or Armenia.
Quote from the Pope:

“Before the problems of the church it is not useful to search for solutions in conservatism or fundamentalism, in the restoration of obsolete conduct and forms that no longer have the capacity of being significant culturally,”

It doesn't seem like he is talking about conservatism as in the political ideology, but rather its other definition as holding onto outdated things. 
So...he got reprimanded, can't hear any such cases in the future, has to enroll in remedial training, had to apologize unreservedly and the case is being retried.  Sounds like Canada has its shit together. 
"Did you try NOT getting fucked by your assailant?".
What the fuck kind of questions are those? How the hell did someone like that become a judge.
Wow, talk about victim shaming and blaming.
&gt;He came to office when the previous vice-president was sacked by Mr Yameen, also on charges of treason.

Is the president particularly unpopular or is this just a couple of power hungry VPs?
I know there is a movie who had the same plot.
Sounds similar to the Norman Schwarzkopf quote:

"I believe that forgiving them is God's function. Our job is simply to arrange the meeting.”

...but apparently that was falsely attributed too: http://www.snopes.com/military/norman.asp
Internet tough guys will be incorrectly attributing that quote in their shitty forum signatures for years.  
it was Albert Einstein 
"Dearest Mary, hope this letter finds you well. What colour pantaloons art thee wearing?"
This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/nov/08/undelivered-letters-17th-century-dutch-society) reduced by 86%. (I'm a bot)
*****
&gt; The collection includes letters from aristocrats, spies, merchants, publishers, actors, musicians, barely literate peasants and highly educated people with beautiful handwriting, and are written in French, Spanish, Italian, Dutch and Latin.

&gt; Special scanning techniques will be used to examine the contents without opening the sealed letters or damaging the ingenious variety of ways in which the pages were folded to so that the letter became its own envelope.

&gt; &amp;quot;Many of the writers and intended recipients of these letters were people who travelled throughout Europe, such as wandering musicians and religious exiles.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/3s1vg7/thousands_of_unopened_letters_dating_to_the_17th/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ "Version 1.6, ~12713 tl;drs so far.") | [Theory](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept/) | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr "PMs and comment replies are read by the bot admin, constructive feedback is welcome.") | *Top* *five* *keywords*: **letter**^#1 **Hague**^#2 **musician**^#3 **seals**^#4 **people**^#5

Post found in [/r/worldnews](http://np.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3s0lmb/thousands_of_unopened_letters_dating_to_the_17th/), [/r/discworld](http://np.reddit.com/r/discworld/comments/3s1fkp/the_real_dead_letter_office/), [/r/betternews](http://np.reddit.com/r/betternews/comments/3s0m4h/undelivered_letters_shed_light_on_17thcentury/) and [/r/Allnews](http://np.reddit.com/r/Allnews/comments/3s0l23/undelivered_letters_shed_light_on_17thcentury/).
[removed]
I've been diving there for a while and i've noticed alot of change. Less tunas, sharks, dolphins and so on :(

Good to see that happen hopefully it does well. 
http://www.smh.com.au/business/the-economy/chevron-loses-longrunning-battle-with-ato-faces-multimilliondollar-tax-bill-20151023-gkgk6y.html  

http://www.smh.com.au/business/ato-alleges-complex-chevron-scheme-slashed-tax-bill-by-258m-20141008-113696.html  

First link is talking about the court case they just lost which started this ball rolling.  
Second link details how they did it.  

So glad this is finally being blown open, it's been years coming.
Seriously, how the hell can something like that even be possible? I'm taxed that amount from a $900 paycheck!
This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.nytimes.com/aponline/2015/10/31/world/asia/ap-as-bangladesh-extremist-violence.html) reduced by 75%. (I'm a bot)
*****
&gt; DHAKA, Bangladesh - A publisher of secular books was hacked to death and three other people were wounded in two separate attacks Saturday at publishing houses in Bangladesh&amp;#039;s capital, police said.

&gt; Both of the publishers involved in Saturday&amp;#039;s attacks had published works of Bangladeshi-American blogger and writer Avijit Roy, who was hacked to death on the Dhaka University campus while walking with his wife in February.

&gt; The slaughtered body of publisher Faisal Arefin Deepan of the Jagriti Prokashoni publishing house was found inside his office following the second of Saturday&amp;#039;s attacks, senior police officer Shibly Noman said.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/3qz9ry/publisher_of_secular_books_hacked_to_death_in/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ "Version 1.6, ~11048 tl;drs so far.") | [Theory](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept/) | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr "PMs and comment replies are read by the bot admin, constructive feedback is welcome.") | *Top* *five* *keywords*: **attack**^#1 **publisher**^#2 **Bangladesh**^#3 **blogger**^#4 **police**^#5
Hear, hear. Every sane person should rally to close faith based schools. They have hurt India, they have hurt UK; they will hurt every society and be a parasite on it wherever they open.
It's disgusting that liberals protect Islam so much. I consider myself a liberal, a real one, and as one, I'm against barbaric practices that viciously discriminate against women, free speech, and secularism. 
[removed]
On a more serious note than some of the posts in this thread, it remains legal to film the police and they have been told this repeatedly, but even then in emotionally charged situations people do stupid things. If accused of obstruction, take 2 steps back and ask politely if it this is sufficient compliance, do not lose your temper or stop filming. Maintaining respect for the law, even against those who breach it and should know better, is the best way to keep the peace as an active and caring citizen.
Dear Americans, please stop posting stories from The Sun, The Mirror, The Daily Mail or any other British red top tabloid rag. 

Love and kisses, all of the UK.
Ironic when the populace is under almost 100% surveillance.... welcome to Orwellian times
no, they're threatening to seize phones if you're being an absolute moron and getting in the way.
I didn't want to be the one to say it but this is the fact: more migration will equal more attacks. Yes, the majority are innocent and yes many will be stopped before they can do anything. But the simple fact is that many will slip through and kill. I don't see an end to this.
But there's still no connection between mass unchecked migration and terrorism, right?

Isn't this called diplomacy?
100,000 pounds, that sounds cheap.  I don't think the president can leave Washington for that price.
Earth is going to have its own little slice of Arrakis
Maybe the fighting will stop since no one will want to be outside. .
Er have you tried standing outside in Dubai summer for more than 15 minutes? That part of the world is already intolerable, air conditioning is a basic necessity there.
My friend in Kuwait says this is pretty much how it is all summer anyway, running from one AC to the other, literally to hot to exist without AC. 
Get ready for climate refugees Europe
On the plus side it will finally be hot enough to host a world cup.
So ... Mad Max confirmed, then? 
Haven't we already started to see these? I thought a bunch of people in India died last year during one.
Being outside for several hours can threaten human life in some places in the ME already... particularly if you're a woman.
I cant help thinking the punishment will be heavy handed, have many more than 127 civilian causalities and create many more extremists. Im not sure what the solution is, but this seems a viscous loop
[removed]
The story of the security guard they mention is actually false.

http://www.bbc.com/news/blogs-trending-34845882
I wonder if these ISIS guys actually attend mosque. Because if their Sheikh were saying that Allah will punish ISIS and ISIS are not Muslims, these ISIS supporters would likely leave. 


I also wonder why more extremists aren't outed by their own community. Surly it becomes obvious when someone is becoming radicalized. Or is it just normal for most Muslims to talk about how the west needs to pay for its sins. 
One - there are no poll numbers yet for the recent attacks in Paris, but after the Charlie Hebdo attacks polls found that **27 percent of UK Muslims sympathized with the terrorists motivations** and **11 percent said they deserved it**. 

[Quarter of British Muslims sympathise with Charlie Hebdo terrorists](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/religion/11433776/Quarter-of-British-Muslims-sympathise-with-Charlie-Hebdo-terrorists.html)

That's over 1 in 4 British Muslims saying they sympathize with the motivation behind an attack that murdered 11 unarmed journalists. And 1 in 10 saying they *deserved to be murdered* for drawing a cartoon.  So don't tell me this ad represents all UK Muslims, because it doesn't. 

Two - the incident with the heroic Muslim security guard stopping the suicide bomber that they cite in their full page add [was a fabrication and never actually happened](http://www.bbc.com/news/blogs-trending-34845882).
Muslims who say ISIS are not representative of Islam or Muslims are not denouncing ISIS, they're avoiding the problem.

Islamism (The idea that islam should be forced upon others) is a very real ideology within the doctrine of Islam and that is the problem. People are too afraid of talking about it and won't even admit it exists, instead they'd rather plug their ears and cover their eyes and pretend none of it has anything to do with Islam. It does have something to do with Islam, not everything, but SOMETHING and that is what needs to be condemned. Saying ISIS isn't Muslims is idiotic because they think the same thing of the very Muslims saying these sort of things. If it's not Islam and more specifically the ideology of Islamism, what is it then? Poverty? Has society cast them out and they're just really really really angry? Is it because of foreign intervention in the middle east? No. You don't see any groups affected by these by in large take up a violent position in the world. You just don't. There are no poor people acting out in violence because of poverty, you don't see goths or people who think society has abandoned them go out and act in violence you don't see Christians and jews in the middle east just don't act up with violence because of foreign intervention that ruined their land too. We have to understand we all have a job to do here. We have to support and help Muslims around the world come to face the problem, but we can't do it without them. White, non-arab people cannot do this and no amount of bombs and guns will fight this war of minds.

I get why they'd rather void themselves of any relationship to Isis, but it's simply not true and is just as unhelpful as saying ISIS is what Islam should be. It's not an easy task when it appears like the west hates you, but it's gotta be done and I think in order to fix this we have to be candid and truthful about what the problem really is. These people are not doing that, they're being just as unhelpful as those who perpetuate anti-muslim hate.


Edit: The Zouhir story is fake, while he was security guard was at the stade de france who was interviewed, he wasn't even close to the attackers and didn't tackle anyone. His colleagues did. We don't even know if Zouhir was muslim. It was a lie started by Muslims and then perpetuated by apologists, no one wants to fact check if it fits their narrative.


But when will Muslims speak out?
A bit sad, id always thought of Morocco as a piece of the muslim arab world that had its head in the right place (Not in its ass). I mean they shot films like Troy, Gladiator, and a few episodes of Game of Thrones there.



Is there anywhere left between Marrakesh and Mumbai that isn't still in some hybrid of the middle ages mentally?
Again and again and again certain areas of the world demonstrate their ignorance and stupidity. I've had enough of making an effort to be understanding. It disgrace after disgrace in the name of what? People below say it's Saudi influence and I'm sorry to say it's a more endemic and deep rooted misogyny and contempt for anything which goes against the established patriarchal structure which stretches beyond the Wahabi and Salafist influence. It seems to be about ownership, entitlement and the right to denigrate and degrade freely based on honour and a false sense of superiority.
Women should avoid Morocco.  
I doubt that quote, only because the company would never refer to Lego bricks as "Legos".
Not banned. Refused bulk order. For the Guardian this is sloppy.
Clearly nobody here is actually reading the article...

He was refused a mass order, they didn't kick down his door and take back a ton of legos he had purchased. 

What if Lego refused to do this for a Neo Nazi who was planning to make pro-National Socialist art out of bricks? They'd be championed here as the good guys. I bet Lego has plenty of interests in China as well, I'm sure they're not in the business of souring their relationships either. 
If he bought the legos he owns them.  The company cannot tell him how to use them.  That's ridiculous.
Oh shit. Weed and sleep are two of my favourite things
The picture the article paints (as much as you want to believe of it seeing as it is the Daily Mail) appears to be very similar to that of previous European Muslim terrorist.

They often are children of at least partly integrated immigrants who were raised in the west and were not particularly religious for most their life.

They tend to be screw-ups and criminals partly because it is hard for people like them to make it big with deck stacked against them and partly because they are simply looser like you get them everywhere.

They fail in school, fail in their relationships, fail at getting a good job and often fail at being criminals too. At some point, often in prison, someone finally shows them the light.

They are not complete losers, they are great men, their lives have actual meaning and the reason they failed to achieve anything before was because of evil people out there not because they themselves were worthless.

The get religion and in a bad way. Their life gets meaning and they go along with it because the alternative would involve admitting to themselves the truth. They use their newfound ideology to justify any shitty thing they do or have done in the past. Their membership in the new group makes them something better.

They finally find something worth living and/or dying for.

The pattern is of course not exclusive to Islam, but in more general terms happens similarly in every ideology that seduces stupid young losers to fight for them. Islamic extremism just now has found a good combination of lots of potential recruits, a well known cause and just enough legitimacy in the eyes of moderates to approach people freely.

He sounds vulnerable and unfulfilled to me. Looks like someone found a way to take advantage of that and radicalize him. I think this highlights some of the dangers that poverty causes in subverting a society. 
Some people will conclude that weed is the Devils drug.

I conclude that dude is about  as Muslim as I am Scientologist.
Well, what happens is that they find themselves at 10.0 on the infidel scale. Suddenly, there's light! You can undo all of that if you just go kill people - you'll be all forgiven. So they do so.
I bet he drank at least three cups of coffee a day, maybe even a beer, that's obviously a sign of a hardened criminal.
&gt;some cocaine

Just 500kg don't worry
/r/saudiprince
Saudi Arabia routinely execute people for selling drugs, some are killed merely for possession. Just as well he wasn't smuggling it in to his own backward country!
Saudi sire smuggler snagged secreting snow, synthetic stimulants. Beirut bust broke backs - trawl totaled two tons this take!
It's been posted 3 times on this subreddit alone within 4 days.

https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3rhf5v/china_burns_much_more_coal_than_reported/

https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3rohzo/china_releases_nearly_a_billion_more_tons_of/
Most of it by manufacturing cheap plastic goods for USA and Europe?  We basically ship our pollution over to them and somehow they agree to it?  We could produce all that shit just as easily as they can but we have pollution and labor laws and they don't.  Time to look in the mirror.
China, despite having 5x the population of the US, and doing the heavy manufacturing of most countries, only releases 7.4 tons of CO2 per capita, compared to the US's 16.6 tons per capita.

but lets keep that anti-china train rolling anyway
Could be part of the solution.  Best of luck.
The article is a little short on context for this event.  What are the expectations for this reactor:  self sustaining reaction?  Significant net output?  Or another research step?
Please work, please work!
Good thing i have stocked up on RadAway and Rad-x.
Enjoy your dictatorship,  Turkey.
Hmmm, I bet I can predict the "outcome" of their elections Sunday.


Erdogan by a landslide. (No matter how few vote for him)

Perhaps its time for a restoration of Turkeys long tradition of coup d'etat as it is clear that Erdogan continues to build a power base and undermine Kemalist democracy, and secularism. They've had coups for casting aside Kemalism before, better get ready to do it again.
the people dont want this.  passing it would not be democratic. 
This is probably going to get buried. But I will try to correct the disinformation anyways.

I posted this same story to /r/China yesterday with a [detailed analysis](https://np.reddit.com/r/China/comments/3s733o/china_successfully_tests_dn3_antisatellite_missile/cwuoa2f?context=2)

I suggest people to go read the much better popular mechanics article. http://www.popularmechanics.com/military/weapons/a18033/china-tests-new-mystery-missile/[1]

Basically, the spiraling contrail suggest the missile is flying in an **energy-dissipating spiral pattern**. missile uses this pattern to slow itself down to meet enemy warheads descending on their targets from space. IE, this maneuver is used to develop ballistic missile defense. The American THAAD missile (Theater High Altitude Area Defense) uses the same damn thing. IE, this is a missle defense test in the upper atmosphere not even LEO which means space debris is not a problem.
The idea of Space war is idiotic!  There will only be a few "strikes" and then low orbit space is ruined for "everyone" creating a cascade of escalating space junk that destroys all low orbit satellites.

As usual Humanity only learns one way, "the hard way" and this will not be any different.

edit:of
Just don't eff up my Netflix stream bruh. 
Yes. And they added a huge amount of debris to the orbits used by everyone's satellites, not just ours.

The fact is that it won't take many satellites being destroyed before no satellites can survive in orbit, effeively blinding everyone
**Kessler, paging Dr. Kessler...**

Seriously... can we just work on high-power lasers or something? A large fraction of all the debris currently in Low Earth Orbit was caused by a single kinetic-kill test by China. The U.S. took one out with a missile launched from a fighter jet (as an aerospace engineering student that's pretty much softcore porn) but we put it in a decaying orbit first so there was no orbital debris.

If we start sniping satellites, LEO is quickly going to become a real-life bullet hell game

Edit: Kepler to Kessler and Russia to China. Guys, I had just finished a 12-hour signal processing assignment, my brain is mush, sorry bout that
&gt;Sheridan wrote that Wilson said the attackers had deliberately singled out handicapped concert-goers for execution.

&gt;“They corralled the wheelchair spectators on the first floor balcony and shot them each individually,” Sheridan wrote.

A lot of these eyewitness stories remind me of the Westgate shopping mall attack in Kenya. 
Wow, how noble of them to take out the weakest and most defenseless first. Takes a special kind of lowlife to do something like this. 
Oh my goodness that's heartbreaking. Fucking monsters. 
How fucked up do you have to be to be able to do this to someone...fucking disgusting.
My girlfriend of 3 years is in a wheelchair and I know in situations like what happened at the Bataclan we would have no chance. But this, this is sickening singling out people who can't just run and in my head I would think of ways to escape but no I would just have to cover her and pretend we were dead however that wouldn't even help because she is less able to escape than majority of other people.
Everything they have done is fucking  appalling we need to do something about ISIS they are the scum of the earth.
I hope France permanently cripples ISIS. 
It's very difficult to understand how anyone could get to a place, mentally, where they are capable of doing this sort of thing. I think we should redouble our efforts to understand how the variables in a person's life can result in people who think like this. This is so far beyond the type of behavior that a normal person is capable of contemplating. 

Edit: it's not as simple as just believing you are doing god's will, is it? I mean there have to be more things going on that lead a person to take it to such extremes. 
Fuck 'em up hard, France. Escalation is wrong but, yeah, reading shit like this? Just fuck their shit up.
religion + poverty + illiteracy are a bad combination. 
I think what people in this thread aren't realizing is that the Buddhist monks in Mynamar are extremists and aligned with the genocidal military leadership. 

Interview from 60 Minutes:

&gt; When you think of Buddhism, you're likely to think of peace and tranquility. So we were surprised to know some of the biggest inciters of violence against the Rohingya are Buddhist monks.
&gt; 
&gt; One of the most outspoken and influential is Sayadaw Ashin Wirathu. He is anything but peaceful and tranquil. Listen to what he said to us.
&gt; 
&gt; Bill Whitaker: The Dalai Lama has condemned your form of Buddhism as extremism.
&gt; 
&gt; Ashin Wirathu: I accept the term extremist with pride. I do not respect the Dalai Lama. He's a political power broker. The Dalai Lama is not honorable to me.
&gt; 
&gt; Wirathu's rhetoric is extreme, but his mantra -- that Burma is for Buddhists - is widely held, even by other holy men. He's a provocateur, who enflames passions with fiery speeches. He's attracted a large and growing following.
&gt; 
&gt; Bill Whitaker: Do Muslims have a place here in Burma?
&gt; 
&gt; We can't repeat his actual response, it's R-rated. But essentially he said Muslims were defecating on Burma; threatening its very existence.
&gt; 
&gt; Ashin Wirathu: I don't accept them.
&gt; 
&gt; Bill Whitaker: Why?
&gt; 
&gt; Ashin Wirathu: Because they're deceiving the world they want to take over the whole country. But even then they will not be satisfied. They will only be satisfied when the whole world converts to Islam.
&gt; 
&gt; There are more monks than soldiers in Burma and they're highly revered. Wirathu's view of Suu Kyi could pose a problem for her.
&gt; 
&gt; Bill Whitaker: What is your opinion of Aung San Suu Kyi?
&gt; 
&gt; Ashin Wirathu: When it comes to nationalism and the security of the country, she's useless.
&gt; 
&gt; Bill Whitaker: Useless?
&gt; 
&gt; Ashin Wirathu: Yes.
&gt; 
&gt; Her failure to speak up for the Rohingya has dimmed her image internationally. And her party has no Muslim candidates in the upcoming election.

http://www.cbsnews.com/news/new-burma-aung-san-suu-kyi-60-minutes/
You mean a country run by the corrupt milatary dictarship, who  has been jailing anyone who who opposes it (most famously Aung San Suu ki), who uses it power to rape, muder and control hundreds of thousands, who burn church's, essentially forced the Jewish the community to flee, a country that does not allow outside aid to marginalized groups.... But Muslims so it's their fault.... 
This story has not gotten a lot of attention unfortunately but it has been going on for quite some time now and is a lot worse than people realize:

[Why Burma's Rohingya Muslims are among the world's most persecuted people](http://www.cbc.ca/news/world/why-burma-s-rohingya-muslims-are-among-the-world-s-most-persecuted-people-1.3086261)
Democracy does not always come with pluralism.

We have an ideal of a pluralistic and tolerant and diverse democratic society that suddenly springs out of a third world shithole, and we're often making the world worse due to that.
The amount of apologists, advocating the use of genocide and rife whataboutism in this thread is toxic
Holy shit, these comments. Nothing but hate for muslims from people that didn't read the article, and know nothing about the situation in Myanmar or the Rohingya people.   
     

&gt;Meanwhile, leaders of the Ma Ba Tha, which translates to the Association for the Protection of Race and Religion...  
    
These are the people that you are all cheering for.  

&gt;About 140,000 Rohingya [muslims] continue to live as virtual prisoners, ostensibly for their own safety, in fetid camps.  
  
These are the people that you say deserve what they're getting.   
  
Edit - I see there is now a little comment graveyard. 
But in the USA I'm still asked if I've recently been to France.
It just seems to be common sense to me that we should be doing everything we can to ensure the highest safety standards for our blood banks. If someone is in a risk group, it should be taken into consideration. The safety of our means to give people blood without giving them something extra like an incurable disease should be held higher than any regard for the personal feelings of special interest groups. You're not going to die from hurt feelings. You very well could die from some blood borne diseases.
Your rights end when you might be infecting someone with an incurable disease.

Get over it. 
Clickbait title to end all clickbait titles. Extreme climate change didn't transform Mars. That's a circular statement, like saying "colliding automobiles cause car wrecks." Solar winds stripped the Martian atmosphere away, and that changed the climate.
"Today, scientists announced that Mars is currently losing about 1/4 pound of atoms — the same weight of a quarter-pounder hamburger"

i can't believe they had to say that.  actually i can believe it and it saddens me.
Downvoted for editorialized clickbait title.
[deleted]
This title makes it seem like ISIS was on the offensive here. Wrong.

Polis raided the cell, and the terrorists blew themselves up in response. 

Can we thank Turkish security forces for once? They are not all bad all the time

Just reading through the comments and I'm kinda shocked. How come when it happens in Western-Europe everyone is kind and compassionate and tries to show support to everyone involved. and when it happens further away from home suddenly everyone has an opinion and a whole debate starts. 

Any terrorist attack anywhere is bad, show some support to the Turkish people and the brave Police who risked their lives for the lives of others. Don't be disrespectful.
How cool is that. Great article, thanks for posting.
We have an article detailing one of the most incredible archaeological finds of the year and the only comments are essentially "hurr durr Palestine is still bad though amirite" 

Get your head out of your asses for 30 seconds and just appreciate this without acting like children.
As expected, a story about an amazing archaeological find in an ancient part of the world with so much history to offer,  and all the comments are about Israel vs Palestine. No wonder there will never be peace there,  it's like watching two 5 year olds arguing over a toy. 
If this is true, then it's probably even worse than someone posing as a refugee, because it means Muslims born and raised in European countries have easily become radicalized and taught to see their fellow Europeans as the enemy, and ISIS as their master. I can now see why France is threatening to shut down a number of mosques across the country led by questionable imams. France has also been deporting the latter at an alarming rate since the Charlie Hebdo attacks. Strangely enough, mosques in the USA almost entirely lack these problems, as evidenced by wiretaps that failed to produce any leads over the years. Does the US simply assimilate and integrate Muslims far more effectively than Europe?
I think this article is misleading. The article links to [this Telegraph page](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/france/11997820/Paris-France-terror-attacks-isil-suspects-Syria-Raqqa-boming-arrests-live.html) which states that one of the attackers entered Greece at least claiming to be from Syria (search that page for Greece). [Other sources](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/paris-attacks-more-terror-being-planned-against-europe-as-police-hunt-suspects-on-the-run-live-a6735711.html) report the same.
&gt;The announcement further casts doubt on the validity of a Syrian passport found near the bodies of a slain attacker.

Doesn't matter, damage has already been done and the mass media doesn't usually headline this in the same manner they headlined anything in the immediate aftermath. 

I hope they prove me wrong on that. 
This is the first time ever Sweden reaches this terror threat level.

EDIT:
&gt;[**The new threat level is the highest ever in Sweden**, according to the news agency TT. The last time the threat level was raised was in October 2010, when officials moved it from from "low" to "elevated". ](https://sverigesradio.se/sida/artikel.aspx?programid=2054&amp;artikel=6305489)
That's it. I'm going back to bed.
I'm getting real tired of this shit. 
They reported that they have a suspect who is wanted, they are currently trying to locate and arrest him

EDIT: Also reported that the general public shouldn't worry and just continue as normal, however they should be aware in case they receive more concrete information indicating an attack

EDIT2: So  as far as I understand, they raised the threat level because they had reason to believe that sweden is a likely target for ISIL attacks, but they haven't reported any specific attack planned
Just got back home from work in Stockholm City, doesn't feel too good having to worry when traveling home from work. 
Could only guess on how they feel in Paris..
I wonder why Sweden and France and not Poland or Czech. 
Wow, you mean letting in hundreds of thousands of foreigners with different religion, ethnicity, and culture is a bad idea for social stability?

Who would have guessed
In Sweden's case, this is just a slow moving train wreck that people saw coming from miles away. 
The only solution is to be more tolerant and to [blame the Jews](http://www.jpost.com/Israel-News/Politics-And-Diplomacy/Israel-condemns-hostile-Swedish-comments-linking-Paris-attacks-to-Israeli-Palestinian-conflict-434249).
The global oligarchy, in their willingness to plunder and destroy in pursuit of incessant greed, are the worst virus the Earth faces right now.
Meanwhile, the UN placed an official from a nation of one of the biggest Human Rights abusers on Earth as head of Human Rights. The UN is about as relevant as a VHS player. 
[removed]
We should declare war on Doctors and innocent civilians, we might actually hit terrorists instead then.
They must be mistaking them for [Militaires Sans Frontières](http://metalgear.wikia.com/wiki/Militaires_Sans_Fronti%C3%A8res).
What?? No wedding parties to bomb??
Meteorologist here.

Please don't blame forecasters for the overhyping of this storm! The outcome here is totally unsurprising, but eye-popping numbers often overpower more relevant facts.

Wind speed isn't everything!

Like the power of an earthquake depends not just on magnitude but its depth and composition of underlying earth, the power of a hurricane is more nuanced. I'll explain why Patricia was in many ways less powerful than Katrina because I've seen a lot of false comparisons being made, including these [misleading satellite images.](https://i.imgur.com/DE6lINy.jpg)

_____________________

**Size of the Wind Field**

- Patricia was a compact hurricane (i.e., the intense winds were narrowly focused around the eye).

- Katrina's hurricane force winds extended much farther from the storm's center:

_ | [Katrina](http://www.nhc.noaa.gov/archive/2005/KATRINA.shtml) | [Patricia](http://www.nhc.noaa.gov/archive/2015/PATRICIA.shtml)
---|---|----
Pre-Landfall | 105 mi / 170 km | 30 mi  / 50 km
Landfall | 125 mi / 200 km | 35 mi / 55 km

- Patricia Cat. 4-5 winds were even more compact, so they were unlikely to affect any major towns/cities.

____________________

**Strength of the Storm Surge**

- The coastline where Patricia hit was not conducive to high surge. There's a [narrow continental shelf](http://maps.maphill.com/mexico/3d-maps/physical-map/political-shades-outside/shaded-relief-sea/physical-3d-map-of-mexico-political-shades-outside-shaded-relief-sea.jpg) offshore Jalisco. [This promotes higher waves but lower surge.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Storm_surge#Mechanics)

- Katrina moved over a broad, shallow shelf region that promotes smaller waves but higher surge.

- A larger wind field builds a larger dome of water, and Katrina was Cat. 3 at landfall with a Cat. 4-5 surge because it takes longer for surge to respond to weakening.

- Storm surge is almost always the biggest killer for hurricanes, not wind.

_______________________

**Inland Topography**

- Mexican terrain is rugged and mountainous. [The coast where Patricia hit has a sharp rise in elevation.]( http://www.worldofmaps.net/typo3temp/images/topographische-karte-mexiko.jpg) Mountains shred hurricanes as the terrain disrupts the circulation.

- Katrina moved over a coastal plain. Its weakening was slower but still certain.

- Flooding and landslides were the most probable threat in Mexico as the mountains squeezed out Patricia's moisture.

EDIT (1): reformatted to bullet points to make it a faster read - [screencap of orignial comment](http://i.imgur.com/JBGpNLs.jpg)

EDIT (2): came back and fixed grammar, phrasing

EDIT (3): thanks stranger!
Props to Mexico on the great job they did with the evacuations. 
This is what bothers me about the community of Reddit.

Every time there is something that can even be remotely perceived as catastrophic, the hive mind begins to tally the deaths and damage before we even know what the actual impact will be. 

The top threads about Patricia are full of people fear mongering. A few quotes:

"Guys, this is really bad, I mean they're going to lose the majority of the population in the region hit. This is going to change a lot of things. We are on a countdown to one of the worst catastrophes to hit our modern world."

"This isn't potentially catastrophic. Casualties will likely be in the thousands, price of damage probably in the/close to the billions."

And while I understand that people may find storms and disasters like this 'exciting', I don't think it's good conversation to sit there and predit the end-times.

And this isn't just hurricanes or earthquakes. When Ebola was a hot button issue, top threads in posts were consistently "I'm in the US. Wondering at which point I should just decide there's no future, quit school, and just start drinking heavily?"

People who were trying to speak with real facts and science were silenced by those that found it more enjoyable to shout "WE ARE GOING TO DIE! THIS IS PANDEMIC!"

I really think that people need to consider that this isn't a video game or a movie - and above all, that all things should be approached with caution and sense of reality. 
ISIS, Boko Haram, Al Shabab, Al Qaeda and Taliban all drink from the same tepid pool that is Saudi Arabia and Wahhabism. 
Give Saudi Arabia for one single month the sanctions that Iran has implemented and you'll see the house of cards excuse of a terrorist supporting government crumble
the last time Iran said something like this, Bush branded them in the "axis of evil".
Looks like the tides are finally turning. Iran aren't the real bad guys of the Middle East. It's American backed Saudi Arabia that export a poisonous version of Islam. We need a world leader to call out America and Saudis on this, unfortunately the only one with the stones to do this is Putin where he will just be discredited by western media. And so the cycle continues at least until the oil wells dry up
Syria must look like the moon at this point. Every day Russian, French, US or whoever is destroying 100+ targets. Daily. Thats a lot of firepower. 
I am hearing every now and then of ISIS 'targets' being destroyed for such a long time.So how mane such targets ISIS is having?
I'm not worried so much about the targets we are hitting in the mid-East and killing hundreds of ISIS a day.  I'm worried about the 6 ISIS dudes hiding in society that are going to shoot up a mall.  How do you stop that shit?
&gt;attacking Russia. 

Mistake 1

&gt;close to winter

Game. Set. Match. 
Russians have a long history of combating terrorism. I doubt this threat will make Russians leave Syria or change their priorities.
I hope russia stomps these guys out of existence 
That's their bear to cross.
I don't think ISIS quite appreciates what they are getting into. When it comes to fighting Islamic militants, Russia simply does not mess around. In 1999, a milder predecessor of ISIS, the so-called Islamic International Peacekeeping Brigade used Chechnya as a base to attack neighboring Dagestan, sparking the [Second Chechen War](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Second_Chechen_War). Just a few short months later, Grozny, the capital of Chechnya would look [like this](http://i.imgur.com/lMSfbeK.jpg), and [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dez_oyWHAy8).

The reason for the apocalyptic level of destruction seen in that video is that Russia took away a very direct lesson from the Soviet failure in Afghanistan, asymmetric armed resistance can only be effectively quashed through massive, almost wanton, destruction. In some ways the motto of the Russian army was reminiscent of Stalin's philosophy (as pithily summarized by Rybakov): 
&gt;*Нет человека — нет проблемы!* (No man, no problem!)

So instead of fighting street by street in Grozny to clear the city of militants, the Russian army instead gave the order to evacuate all civilians and then [shelled the living Hell out of the city](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GaFrCy9HTOM). This approach may not have been quite compatible with international law, but it sure was effective! Within a matter of months most organized armed resistance throughout Chechnya was annihilated, the remaining terrorists fled into the mountains or abroad. After that, it was an easy task to persuade a local leader in the form of [Razman Kadyrov](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ramzan_Kadyrov) and his clan to come over to the side of the central government, and to definitely cement Russia's control of the province.
edit because of good point in reply: it is a very good idea to attack russia in winter because as we all know they drink vodka to keep warm and will not shoot very well, if I were you I'd start right away
I could understand why a bunch of Islamists would want to ban philosophy and music but banning math just seem really bizarre. How are numbers fucking controversial to these people?
Breeding a 'nation' of uneducated people sounds like a pretty good way of keeping them subservient to you
&gt; Math, music, philosophy, history, French and geography were all banned.

So what does that leave?  Quran lessons and gym?
"What's your next class?"

"IED Theory and Applications.  What's yours?"

"Remedial Kalashnikov Repair."
To be fair, they have close ties with Boko Haram, right?  A phrase which literally means that western education is forbidden? Hardly a shocker that they are opposed to western education, then. 
If they are trying to create a real Islamic state why would they ban Math and Music? I'm no history expert but both math and music have massive amounts of history in the Islamic world, in particular the caliphates.  Islamic peoples made major contributions towards mathematics and music was part of everyday court life. 


Because fuck French. 
"He tackled him to the ground, causing the second suicide bomber to detonate," says blogger and physician Elie Fares, who lives in Beirut. "There are many many families, hundreds of families probably, who owe their completeness to his sacrifice."

such a loss...
Other sources indicate his daughter did NOT die and show pictures of the girl holding a picture of her late father.
What an absolute hero. Sad to see we lost a person like him. RIP
This type of shit is going to lose a lot of people elections.  The country is divided on this issue.
[deleted]
Gonna get downvoted but someone needs to say this:
People are being so irrational. There's already an 18 month background check in place for refugees coming to the US. Over 100,000 migrants entered Europe with little to no background checks and none of the Paris attackers turned out to be refugees. You're chances of dying from a terrorist attack are still EXTREMELY low compared to a domestic shooting in the US. Please I beg of you to look at this rationally... 

EDIT - clarification 
Can't tarnish that near perfect record of doing the exact opposite of what the majority of Americans want.
what the fuck is with these comments?!
Not seen him.
Come on reddit. We are good at shit like this. Let's find him. Remember Boston?
Mass murderer aside, that is such a punchable face.
&gt;Salah Abdeslam, 26, reportedly helped with logistics and rented a black Volkswagen Polo used by the gunmen who stormed the Bataclan concert hall and killed at least 89 people.

&gt;One of his brothers, Ibrahim Abdeslam, was reportedly among the seven suicide bombers in the co-ordinated attacks targeting six sites across the city on Friday night.

Their parents must be very proud.
This dudes gonna get black bagged quick. The entire country is after him. He'll get lucky if he gets caught by the police. I wouldn't be surprised if people take the law into their own hands when they see him.
Jesus they need a break
Reminds me a bit of the plane that went down in Queens a little after 9/11. Hopefully just a terrible coincidence. 
Six goddamn words in your title and you couldn't bother to proofread before submitting?
* All photos gathered into one Imgur album which you can find here: [link](http://imgur.com/a/Zz1Vw) (partial credit to [Salomee](https://twitter.com/salemener)) - updated at: 20h28 local time.

* Local reports indicate at least five casualties: [link](https://twitter.com/BreakingNews/status/665550979606147072)

* RT has an article up that will be updated: [link](https://www.rt.com/news/322054-tgv-train-derails-eckwersheim/)

* BBC now also has an article up: [link](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-34822666)

* Local reports mention five dead, seven injured: [link](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-34822666)

* French railway officials say train in Eckwersheim likely derailed 'due to excessive speed' [link](https://twitter.com/breakingtravel/status/665560825185345537) and BBC link, sourcing AFP here: [link](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-34822666)

* Video from the scene: [link](https://www.dailymotion.com/video/x3dtbcv_tgv-les-premieres-images-du-drame-pres-de-strasbourg_news)

* 49 technicians were on board according to La Libre, also reports that the death toll stands at 7 (source in French): [link](http://www.lalibre.be/actu/international/un-tgv-d-essai-deraille-pres-de-strasbourg-au-moins-7-morts-564752d03570bccfaf079398) 

* Reuters officially reporting that the death toll is now at 7: [link](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/11/14/us-france-derailment-idUSKCN0T310H20151114)

* **BBC reporting an increase in the death toll, now stands at 10:** [link](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-34822666)
The last thing this country needs right now is more loss of life
I bet ISIS put a penny on the track. 
This raid saved over 70 hostages and several ISIS fighters were taken into custody. 
RIP Master Sargent
Over 14 deployments and 11 bronze stars for the the Master Sergeant killed... he was not a man to be fucked with. And over 70 hostages saved in the raid, who were told they'd be executed after morning prayers... 

RIP
Saw a picture of the Master Sargent who was killed. Dude had a real "Seen some shit, done some shit, tired of everyone's shit" look to him.

Rest in Peace.
"I am immensely proud of this young man" 

Am I the only one ticked off that some politician is referring to a highly decorated Delta operator and father of 4 as a 'young man'?
And to think there are still people who say the US isn't doing anything to combat ISIS.


Its only terminal 3, and not the entire airport which has been evacuated.

Edit: The airport is now open again.
Things will be like this for a while. Everyone's obviously nervous in Europe and any little sign of something suspicious will cause something like this. 
Hopefully this will turn out like Hanover...just a bomb scare and not something serious.
What. The. Hell. Is going on with Turkey?

Was I living under a rock, or did Turkey act like a free, western, secular society 10 years ago.

What changed? it can't be the doings of one president... can it?
Soon (if not already) the Turks are too afraid to protest against their ~~government~~ dictatorship.

&gt;Upon a request by the Ankara Chief Public Prosecutor Musa Yücel, Ankara 5th Criminal Peace Magistrate Judge Yunus Süer ordered Koza İpek Holding be put under receivership, with a variety of **pro-government trustees including the strongly pro-government Sabah-ATV Media Group appointed to replace the current board of directors.**

Disgusting.
So much for being a democracy. 
Non-citizens should pay a significantly higher land transfer tax and rental tax to disincentivise using foreign property as investment. Homes are for putting a roof over the people who live in the area, first and foremost.
This is a huge problem down in Seattle too. A huge part of it here is students. There are all these Chinese kids coming from the mainland to study here, but they/their parents don't want them to live in dorms or shitty apartments. There's a new condo building is going up over by UW, it has 300 sq. ft. units that are selling for something like $250k to start. The developer straight up said that their target demographic for the building is students from China.
Good thing that wages of middle-class people are keeping pace so that they can compete with wealthy Chinese industrialists. 
Same thing is happening in Sydney, Australia. Locals and non-Chinese migrants are priced out of the market completely, to the extent that it is #3 on the UBS Housing Bubble index. Disgusting.
Been seeing this for years.

Really happy to see more light being shed on this.

Buddy sold his house in South Surrey last year. The day after putting it on the market two Chinese Real Estate agents had a bidding war on his driveway. They were on their cell phones with their clients in China. 

Now my friend was happy that this happened. Ended up making ~20% over market value. Sight unseen.

Only chance I have of buying is leaving the city or a pre-build condo in the city (if I am lucky). 


Who wins when rich foreigners use our real estate market to launder money?  Not Canadians that's for sure.  

Just part of the problem with Canadian real estate ATM.  Perhaps a model like Sweden should be implemented, where foreign land ownership is limited.  
This is happening everywhere in California. Cash offers galore.
I'm really worried about this. There's nothing stopping rich corporations/people from buying up every single piece of land and charging people high rents just to live. I can honestly see a situation where there's no more housing left.

The long term affects are going to be bad for all economies.
This should be illegal.
Question: What is irony?
I suppose the US thinks he should be given a paid vacation instead?
Why aren't they saying this when US Police gun down unarmed citizens under suspicious circumstances? Or when its clearly caught on video?

Pure irony. 


The US is not a single person.

This was a statement by the State Department, which has a very long track record of condemning police brutality throughout the world. The State Department also only deals with relations with other countries, so they don't make official statements about our own police. 
An assassination attempt by unknown Russians?
Not shilling here, but be wary of uatoday as a source. 
Man, hopefully the fight against ISIS will lessen the tension somewhat with Ukraine. 
They already are, they just want legal cover to continue.
&gt; “We know these powers are needed as technology changes and terrorists and criminals use ever more sophisticated ways to communicate. But we need to give people the reassurance that not only are they needed, but that they are only ever used in a necessary, proportionate and accountable way. That is what this bill is all about.” - Government Source

Does that announce a propaganda campaign, a stealth campaign, or both?
I guarantee that when the draft bill is published on Wednesday it'll still be properly frightening but it won't be (nor would it ever have been) quite as appalling as had been reported it so it'll generate far less outrage and will pass far easier and more intact because it'll seem reasonable by comparison to a public who are already dangerously apathetic about privacy and the surveillance state. 
I mean do these retards realise that they are going to run out of harmless shit to kill and dissect eventually?
Schools are schools. Churches are churches.
I left high school in the UK almost 30 years ago and I remember then having a problem with our religious based assemblies. There should be no religious assemblies in state schools and for that matter we should scrap the faith based schools. Taxpayer money should not be used to support or indoctrinate students into any religion.   
How many more yesterdays do we have to have before we are finally allowed to start suggesting religion IS the problem?
India as in Indian government or some indian. I read the article quickly and saw some Bollywood celebrities planning to sue...
A hundred million pounds of diamond looks way less impressive than it sounds.
&gt;The jewel was given to the reigning Queen of the time by the last ruler of the Sikhs, Duleep Singh, after the British annexe of the Punjab.

I'm assuming then that they are saying that this guy didn't have the right to give it away?

Anyone with some history knowledge know what the circumstances were?
Guess who is full of shit? Historian Andrew Roberts. 
 Americans think the British should return a diamond obtained during their occupation of India.

 There are some Indians/Native Americans who would like a word with you all.




Before all Indians start bashing British let me remind u the only reason Britain has not given Kohinoor back is because ownership is disputed between India,Pakistan,Afghanistan and Iran.
More ever i don't think we should ask for it back, it is symbol of their greatest achievement(though sign for our worst time in history). Let them have Kohinoor, no need to make current generation feel guilty for their ancestors' sins. 
its not only about Kohinoor diamond. This list will help you guys to see how many valuables were looted from different parts of world and are lying in British museums: http://mic.com/articles/76321/9-priceless-artifacts-museums-should-return-to-their-home-countries#.6mm2Qv2Mc 
I always find it fascinating how transgenders are more accepted in Pakistani society than homosexuals. I think its because people think transgenders do not have a choice and homosexuals do. Either way there is a long way to go and this is a good start.
and now that it hit the news, they are going to get killed.

Not being a pessimist here, simply a realist.

More recently that woman in Iran who protested by posting a picture without her hijab on? had to flee the country.
There was a lot of senseless death on this day.
I "knew" one of the victims. His name was Bilal Hammoud and he made the best chicken shawarma in Oslo.

He was also the kind of guy who made you feel welcome and who recognized your face. 
It's kind of shitty to think of this thought I had. This thread gets maybe 60 comments on it and gets pushed aside. France has terrorist attacks and the whole world mourns for France and the dead. It's an interesting take away how we've come to accept this tragedy as the norm in Muslim countries but thankfully we haven't done that in western countries. I still feel the sadness and pain for those who die needlessly at the hands of terrorists in any country. 
What a shit Friday the 13th
It is sad that when terrorism happens in the Middle East, everyone ignores it, but when it happens in the U.S. or France or Germany everyone sends out their support. People in Lebanon and Turkey are people too.
Honestly this is actually a good thing, since:

1) the discovery was made and reported by China's own statistical agency.  (albeit with little fanfare)

2)  the historical underestimations were due to gaps in data collection of small factories, rather than intentional errors. 

China has long acknowledged its pathetic pollution data collection abilities as needing fixing before even hoping to enforce regulations.  The fact that it's published such a new, drastic, and much needed revision/correction for 2013 is a sign of progress.  
This is not true 

The carbon emissions  needed to create sea level rises has most likely already happened. They are already doomed.
Regardless of the incessant pedantics over whether anyone is to blame, there are a lot of good reasons to isolate humanity from relying on climate-dependent idiosyncrasies by learning to grow food indoors and moving our houses away from shifting coastlines.

In a cold and unfeeling universe, we can only benefit from becoming self-sufficient enough to not depend on goldilocks conditions for our species' survival.  
Pearl Jam are no strangers to tragedy, for those who remember their Roskilde concert in 2000.
They probably have all the blood they need. Every person who is in line should pick a random date on their calendar and come back then to give blood. 
Highjacking this post to post relevant article : http://www.liberation.fr/france/2015/11/14/dans-les-hopitaux-une-mobilisation-exemplaire_1413446

It's in French but here are the notable quotes from doctors about how the hospitals ran this night :

 - « Never before did we have to face so many bullet injured in such a short time frame. And I've rarely seen such solidarity and efficiency. An impressive number of doctors came without being called, and also interns and anaesthetists. We could act fast and save a large number of wounded.»  « People could just arrive and go straight to the operation room. We could save some of them thanks to that. There was no problems finding beds whereas it's usually impossible (it's often a problem in public hospitals in France). » Professor Rioux, director of the emergencies at Pitié Salpetrière hospital (the first evacuation location after the attacks)

 - « Seeing how big it was, I go to my hospital and ask on Twitter for any doctor to come help. And when I arrive, incredible, there's everything we need. Doctors from the neighborhood but also 17 anaesthetists who are there and we could get to work.»

«We saw how the hospital can adapt, we managed to digest (the arrivals) so fast. Tens of wounded at a time and all were given proper treatment immediately.» Professor Juvin, Pompidou hospital (second site specially at 2a.m for people from the Bataclan).

After he went to sleep for an hour : «See, (pointing the window) See the line over a 100 meters long. People are coming to give their blood.»
The news are saying it's a double suicide bombing, 7 minutes apart, they're reporting ~~10~~ ~~16~~ ~~18~~ ~~23~~ ~~27~~ ~~35~~ ~~37~~ ~~41~~ 43 dead, ~~80~~ ~~110~~ ~~181~~ ~~200~~ 239 injured. And I keep hearing sirens, I haven't heard this many since the last bombings, this will not end well.

EDIT: they're now saying it was **4** bombers, two fuckers blew up, one got killed in the first blast and didn't get the chance to bomb himself and one chickenshit ran away.

EDIT 2: [[NSFW] image of the dead suicide bomber who died before triggering the bomb](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3sjt0y/at_least_four_people_were_killed_and_40_wounded/cwxyp4v), posted by /u/HelixGecko.

EDIT 3: [and that's the other one who didn't blow up [NSFW/NSFL]](https://twitter.com/HassanHodroj_/status/664874456632786944)

EDIT 4: [ISIS says they're behind the attack](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/nov/12/beirut-bombings-kill-at-least-20-lebanon), they named 3 bombers, 2 Palestinians and one Syrian.
http://www.liban8.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/12248846_10208092272088935_964208541_n1.jpg
Adel Termos is the guy who first suspected the suicide bomber and tried to stop him from entering the mosque in the first place, which messed up the plan of the 4 suicide bombers.
May his soul rest in peace.

Edit: he was accompanied by his young daughter, that was killed as well by the blast.
A great sacrifice. Poor kiddo

Edit2: The daughter still lives and she mourns her father.

https://static.annahar.com/storage/attachments/284/IMG-20151113-WA0082_986666_1_216219_1_431685_1_143500_425999_large.jpg

The hero has two children.

https://static.annahar.com/storage/attachments/284/IMG-20151113-WA0083_500781_1_259220_1_531992_1_727408_large.jpg

It is worth mentioning that the media had first circulated the news of Adel Termos and his daughter being from the casualties of the suicide bombing. The local media had this straightened short after, but the western media still believes the daughter to be dead.


I was in the living room when we heard a bang so i stood at the balcony to see what's happening saw a huge black cloud

at that point mom started shouting explosion explosion and broke down in tears as her brother and sister(my uncle and aunt) were in the area

at that point i couldnt breathe and i still cant properly

I saw people rushing to the scene...wanting to help the wounded

then it happened...A huge explosion in front of my eyes...something ive never seen before saw the windows shattering as the shockwave spread

cloth were flying and deafening cries

I was shocked but then relieved to know my dad is ok 

i spent some time observing from the balcony

I even saw the 4th terrorist getting beaten

now the good news(kinda) 2nd bombers explosives didnt completely go off

3rd bomber died from second explosion

4th bomber caught
Just when you think that this country is stabilizing and finding a good balance. God fucking damn it all. Ayre bkis ikhton.
&gt; “The avalanche will start because ultimately nothing can compete with renewables,” he told the Guardian. “If you invest at [large] scale, inevitably we will end up with much cheaper, much more reliable, much safer technologies in the energy system: wind, solar, biomass, tidal, hydropower. *It is really a no-brainer, if you take away all the ideological debris and lobbying.*”  (emphasis mine)  

This really just sums up like 95% of the argument in my mind. As a matter of policy this shouldn't be a question... We *will* run out of oil. We *will* need to find alternate sources of energy. We *are* hurting the environment with our current energy production methods. We *do* have the technology to fix it. So get on it!
"I drink Champagne when I win, to celebrate… 
And I drink Champagne when I lose, to console myself." -Napoleon
And delicious not dirty pork 
I'm not offended by this, but I don't find it funny, either. 
I like the second cartoon better, the one about not needing your prayers, we have enough religion, Paris is all about life. 
Link to full report: http://www.msf.org.uk/sites/uk/files/msf_kunduz_review_041115_for_public_release.pdf
after reading the full report, it seems that somewhere along the chain of command, someone someone fcked up. Department A knew it was a hospital mixed with allied,enemy and civilians but did not tell Department B. Department B only know enemy are being treated there, Department B intelligence found out VIP target is in there,as far as they know it is a legitimate target, asks Command for permission to eliminate VIP ,Command did not ask Department A for more details. The result is..

Then again it could be that both department just did not give a shit and fully understood that taking out this VIP is worth the deaths of civilians and volunteer staff/doctors
Interesting: Say that this was a war crime = upvotes. Say that we should wait until the investigation is done = downvotes.

Little bit of bias there.
I am of Pakistani origin and I certainly don't hate India - I feel we are kin and am proud of India's achievements. This is a step in the right direction. Sure it's just words but words beget actions. Have to start somewhere.
Good for this dude, but until Pakistan drops the [two-nation theory](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Two-nation_theory), nothing is going to change. 

The Pakistani Army runs Pakistan. The Pakistani Army can only justify its parasitism if there's an eternal, civilizational conflict between India and Pakistan. Therefore, there's not going to be a reconciliation between civilian governments. Every time it looks like something like that might be on the horizon, the PakMil or its menagerie of militant groups will always do something (like the Kargil War) to spoil the process.  
As a pakistani, Its kind of hard to take the divide b/w Pakistan and India seriously once you realize that division was made as one final "fuck you" from the British Empire as they were pulling out of India. They pretty much set the wheels in motion for perpetual turmoil. It worked.
[deleted]
Remember how "Putin is playing Chess and Obama is playing Checkers"?  

The latest numbers have the US GDP growing at 3.9%.
Western propaganda lies. Russia is the wealthiest country on the planet, everyone else envies and hates Russia for its greatness and glory. And Putin has the highest IQ and the biggest genitals in the history of mankind.
As expected. This is why the reddit consensus of big bad Russia is laughable. They simply don't have the cash to be influential. The military reform is great, but it's at most a reform at the personnel level, which is great, but doesn't go far enough. They have no chance of modernizing the hardware because they simply can't afford it. The PakFA has more problems than we know and is a good decade away from deployment, and they can’t afford to field them anyway. The Armata is cool, but again, unaffordable. 

Meanwhile, the biggest issue is the massive brain drain. The best and brightest are getting out, and have been forever. This trend was reversed a decade ago, but is back in full force. Russian academicians are running to Western Universities because they get grants and are free to explore their research. Russian specialists are going to Western companies because the pay is better and there's less corruption. 

They have no hope to diversify the economy because the very people who would spearhead the effort are leaving. Over-all, Russia will be fine, but it will not have the global influence that its leadership dreams of. It'll be back to being a strong regional player like it always has been prior to the 20th Century.

Im interested to see if crime goes down when regular people are able to defend themselves from criminals that already have guns.


They wish they could have the violent crime levels enjoyed in the 'wild' west.
Brazilian here. Let me give you guys some insight.

Political situation: the government is very weak at the moment, there is a lot of talk about presidential impeachment that rose out of the very low (7%) approval rate of the presidency. The allies and opponents of the ruling party sensed this weakness and are carving up positions all over in exchange for support, and so they are able to promote their agenda in Congress, such as this revised guns laws.

But where do these gun laws come from, and why they feel like changing it?

Back a few years ago, when the economy was great and the government had lots of social support and approval, a massive disarmament campaing was made, which had zero effect in diminishing urban violence, since criminals don't usually give up their work tools in exchange for a few bucks. Which brings me to

Urban violence situation: the two major sources of homicides in Brazil are drug-related gang violence, which kills mostly black poor males in urban centers, and violence against common citizens, which kills pretty much anyone across society. The most feared form of violence is the latrocínio, meaning a guy mugs you and then shoots you. This happens when people are walking in the street, sitting at traffic ligths, opening their garage doors and several other day to day situations that you can better appreciate in subs like r/watchpeopledie. The thing that foreigners reading this might not understand is that brazilian criminals are extremely trigger happy, and will shoot you for whatever reason or even no reason at all. We have a huge problem with our very lax penal laws and prison overcrowding and their terrible human conditions, that promotes even further crime and impunity.

Will these gun laws make the population safer? In my opinion, no. What I think will happen is that criminals will not risk it and will just shoot people dead without even annoucing the robbery or anything.
I like how they are worried about Wild West scenarios instead of, you know, having the highest murder rates in the world.

Should this happen, I predict a massive shift from violent crime to property crime.
Brazilian pro-gun freedoms here. I am not a extreme right winger. By American standards I'd be center left even. The problem is how far left Brazil has gone in the past 13 years, we are approaching Soviet levels of State intervention here.

In 2003 65% of Brazil voted for freedom to buy and carry guns. That is 2 in every 3 Brazilians. Since 2003, leftist governments by Lula and Dilma have disrespected our democratic decision and have imposed so many difficulties to owning a gun that basically they've banned guns in the country.

With a special twist: only honest citizens can't have guns! Every single violent crime in Brazil is committed with a gun!

This is where the twisted logic comes in: we had 56 thousand murders in 2013 and 52 thousand last year. This is with the gun restrictions in place! 

Our armed forces have gun restrictions! Police have gun restrictions! Only criminals in Brazil freely own and carry guns! 

Some police in Brazil can have 9mm guns. Other police forces cannot. Which means some police are responsible enough to own that caliber but others are not?

Armed forces officials can't freely carry guns in Brazil. They must have a permit. So we had the murder of an Air Force brigadier general 2 years ago, and this year there was the murder of a Army colonel in the center of Brasilia, the capital.

The leftists want to control guns to weaken the population and keep us in fear. The entire system in Brazil right now is Orwellian, they're putting out heavy propaganda to keep banning guns, the population is terrified and criminals own the streets of Brazil.

Americans : never give up your right to own and carry guns. Ever. It may seem really civilized to ban all guns from the planet but it's not gonna happen. Criminals exist since the beginning of history and they will exist always. Don't ever fall for this bullshit talk about giving up your guns. America never had a military coup. Brazil has had 2 painful dictatorships in the past century alone.
Spanish passports have 3 Languages: Spanish, French and English. It doesn't cause any issues to have multiple languages there, if it makes relationships/travel/immigration easier.
Yes alienate the Russian speaking Ukrainians more.
So you trying to return breakaway region, that consists mostly of Russian speakers. One of the reasons to breakaway was proposed ban on Russian language. What can you do to ensure success? Promise that as soon as they will come back they will receive new passports without Russian language. But, sure, it's all Russia's fault that Minsk agreement still not implemented/  
Yeah, great idea! Why not dump millions of dollars in such important and urgent issue?
This was also an area of contention in the recent Canadian election. in very broad strokes, the Conservatives supported it, while the Liberals and NDP were against it.
Some of the worst atrocities can be committed with the best of intentions.  

Citizenship becomes a revocable status that countries strip away from undesirables.  Terrorists at first, yes, but who next?  Is anyone truly safe from such an accusation? 

What happens when the government gets it wrong?  
I once watched part of *Roman Polanski: wanted and desired*, and it was so weird how his defenders tie themselves into knots about this case. The strangest part was when they started talking about the judge, and how he had a much younger girlfriend. Like they really didn't understand the difference between drugging and raping a 13 year old, and a 60 year old dating a woman in her 20s.
 
The man committed a serious sex crime, and he should go to prison. Its never going to happen, but its weird that people defend him.
Reminder: he drugged and non-consentually raped a 13 year old (she says she told him no but he raped her anyway), and then fled the country while on bail. The guy is a scumbag and deserves to go to prison.
Call it what it was.  Rape.
did you mistake Roman Polanski for a poor person? im sorry hes rich. these public laws dont apply to him. 
Someone should non-consensualy drug Polanski and put him on a plane to the US.  
This is grandstanding since Polanski doesn't live in Poland and is unlikely to visit again since they tried to extradite him last time he visited.
Yes he should.

He sodomized a twelve year old child after getting get drunk.
People here should understand that even though a lot of funding and support from ISIS is coming from within Saudi-Arabia, and maybe even from members of the royal family, it definitely won't be coming from the king. The king is way too modern for ISIS' liking and to topple said king and get the holy cities of Medina and Mecca in ISIS hands or like-minded would probably be something that ISIS would have no problem with at all, so ISIS and Saudi's king are more likely enemies or at least rivals, making support from either side for the other unlikely.

[Some reading](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/alastair-crooke/isis-aim-saudi-arabia_b_5748744.html)
Maybe he should consider no longer funding Wahhabi mosques and schools throughout the world?  

Exporting the main variety of extremist Islam responsible for the vast majority of worldwide terrorism isn't cancelled out by donated money to some anti-terrorism centre...
  Saudi PR is not working so well.   Perhaps people are finally connecting the dots re the Saudi game.
From a public health perspective, the omission of rates for the list of diseases they just tossed out there is totally misleading and irresponsible.  Like, someone please cite some actual numbers indicating cholera "soaring" in England.  Meanwhile, [from the NHS:](http://www.nhs.uk/conditions/cholera/Pages/Definition.aspx)

&gt; There have been no cases of cholera originating in England and Wales for over 100 years, although travellers do occasionally bring the infection back with them. This is rare, however, with only 12 reported cases in England and Wales during 2012.
To the people saying "eat less take-away and more fresh food":

These are people who cannot afford the following:

Gas

Water

Electricity

A cooker

A fridge

School uniforms for their children


Tell me again how eating fresh food is cheaper when you have no way to prepare it?
Waiting for The Sun to print the headline "Tory policies return England to simpler, more wholesome era."
Well that's unhelpfully vague
The source saying it was an external factor is a "senior official" for the airline, Kogalymavia.  Of course he's going to say it wasn't the plane's fault, it was something else.  

In other words: "OUR PLANES ARE SAFE!  PLEASE STILL FLY WITH US."
I swear to God I'm going to pistol whip the next guy that says "missile!"

Now, a bomb on board? Distinct possibility. I've flown in and out of Sharm many, many times. Security is a joke. And I don't mean that lightly. Picture the x-ray tech with his finger on the conveyor button...but he never looks up from Facebook on his cell phone. Welcome to SSH.

One last thing to keep in mind: in Egypt, it's a terrorist offense to contradict an official government telling of events. Keep that in mind as Egypt handles this investigation, and try your best to get ALL of your information from elsewhere.

REDDIT ARMCHAIR AVIATOR EXPERTS UNITE!
"External Factor" could be anything from being hit by a missile to hitting a flock of birds. 

I have a feeling we won't be hearing many specifics on this case
IF India declared emergency everytime there was a powercut, we would be in a permanent state of emergency
&gt;Electricity supplies from Ukraine to Crimea have been entirely shut off after the region's two remaining power pylons were blown up.

Apparently they need more pylons.  
This week, on another exciting episode of European Collapse:

* Arab coughs loudly in a Belgian cafe, mistaken for gunshots!
* Secession moves forward: will the Catlans say adios to Spain, or will the pain in Spain stay mainly contained?
* Volkswagen tries to pad their losses from the emissions scandal by hiring Syrian refugees at their Dresden plant, but faces a hilarious blockade by Pegida!
* Greece still exists, and it's still fucked!
* Ireland says yes to gay marriage, "If we don't, the terrorists win! ... We mean the IRA terrorists, of course."
* Russia is Putin ISIS in its place; will Hollande kiss and make up?
* And finally, in the *electrifying* cliffhanger to this week's episode: Deadbeat dad Ukraine refuses to pay child support to little crybaby Crimea! Mother Russia says, "Oh nyet, he didn't!"

Will Europe survive another tumultous week? Tune in next week to find out!

EDIT: Thanks for the gold and karma, everyone! I'll definitely do this next Sunday!
It's been almost two years and they still hadn't set up an a power source from Russia? Topkek. Why the dick was Ukraine even supplying them still?
Remember when you used to be able to come on to Reddit for an actual discussion of what was going on? Now all we get are shit jokes and puns.
Now watch other commodities from Russia to Ukraine being cut off.
But we (everyone except /u/uademnus) like Russia this week so like, Yay Putin.
And at the start of winter, too.

Things are gonna get rough.
Sad to see the top 500 comments are all gaming jokes, puns, or political patter.  Not one comment sympathizing with the many affected people, most of whom are just innocent people suffering terrible consequences.  

Most of us reading and chattering would consider a laggy wifi to be a big headache, never mind the prospect of weeks or months without power, refrigeration, light, heat, convenience or entertainment.

Ukraine is becoming the wild west. A lot of people with no relation to the government have an arms, bombs etc. They may close the roads, they may cut the electricity, they are pretty free in doing anything they want and government can't do anything with them.
In summer Ukraine was trying to create a drought in Crimea by building a dam on the North Crimean Canal (up to 85 percent of the peninsula’s water needs).

Now electricity. Is it a sophisticated Ukrainian plan to convince crimeans get back? 
Compensated dating is some serious spin. I'm actually impressed by whoever came up with that 
&gt;The ministry said it has asked the U.N. office to disclose the basis for the “13 percent” claim, but De Boer-Buquicchio’s side has not clearly explained where the figure came from.    
Oh come on, we finally have Japanese people fucking and now they want to stop it?
Wait, don't they also have bars where women pay to have "charming" men socialise with them? I think it was Vice who made a documentary about it. 

Japan is a fascinating country. They are going to have a serious population problem if these folks don't get around to fucking each other. 
To be fair, the UN guy hasnt sourced his claims. 


What's the problem with this, and why is the UN involved? If the girls are old enough to consent, and are consenting, then who cares?
Let's ignore the human rights abuses by Saudi Arabia and go shit on Japan manga artists for DRAWING FICTIONAL CARTOON girls and other sexual child abuse stuff. 
They could be forced to **consider** a debate on the topic, but decide not to. 
He won an election a few months ago going from minority to majority government. Nothing will happen.
We've just had a general election where, like it or not, the Conservatives &amp; David Cameron won a majority.  A shitty petition consisting of a minority of a minority isn't going to up end the democratic system of the UK just because people are stropping that their candidate didn't gain office.

At best this is a troll attempt that has managed minor attention, at worst it's a complete waste of parliamentary time; nice one.  Either of which it certainly isn't 'world news'.
Oh ffs that's not going to unlash him.

A protest at the Saudi embassy, now that might help.
EU is being Islamophobic. It's their culture to punish those who question Allah. Bigots.
[Some video footage from that very day.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=paoXAB16x8M) 
The British government hold all the documents about the troubles, they can with hold information and change legislation to protect these men.
Honestly, as much as I'd like justice for the victims, we know damned well that both sides did some horrible things during the Troubles.  It might be best to let sleeping dogs lie here, lest they get caught up in reprisal accusations.  It's why the arrest of Gerry Adams was so troubling.  You don't need to go reopening old wounds right now.
I'm a horrible pessimist, but I'm calling it right now - this guy will be assassinated within a year. No good deed ever goes unpunished, especially when you're working with religious zealots.
Idk my guts telling me this is more a when/when situation than anything.
climate skeptics:

Nah. 

So instead of sea level rise in 50 years it could be 5 years...


These particular fucks ought to be hanged for the crimes they indirectly made possible.
&gt;Anonymous also took down a dating site for ISIS members.

Somehow this is the most entertaining part to me.
ISIS is a bunch of jabronis
Next ISIS will be bombarded with dank memes and ultra rare Pepe's.
HOW DARE THEY. DO THEY NOT KNOW WE HAVE LINDA

edit for context: http://imgur.com/gallery/96vYiZr
The fact they called them idiots shows they are causing some issues for them. 
Damn first Anonymous gets ISIS twitter deleted and now ISIS calls them idiots!

I wonder what happens next. 

Maybe anonymous leaks their nudes and ISIS blow themselves up
So basically daesh is feeding into the lulz?
Good comeback... that'll show them.
Daesh is now feeding the trolls. Awesome
What, ISIS doesn't like its 72 virgins?
Well they aren't wrong.  Most of anonymous are just script kiddies like lizard squad.  Hasn't anon been "at war" with ISIS since the Charlie Hebdo attack?  No real hacking gets done in anonymous anymore.  They are a joke.

Still, fuck ISIS.  I hope Anon continues to annoy them.
ukrainian here


the law is truly made only for EU visas, and large majority of ppl deny any LGBT things, especially adoption of children by LGBT pairs (i do not even talk about married LGBT families) and marriage


but this is the older ppl, the younger ones will rise with this law, when they become aged they will take the law as something regular


and nonetheless this is the law and now ppl could appeal to it in court (and yes, i know laws work bad in ukraine just in general, but still)


so this is just the step , one step and lots of them ahead
&gt; The bill only passed after six rounds of voting on Thursday. After the bill narrowly failed on the the fifth attempt, Speaker Volodymyr Groysman called a recess to lobby for the vote, the Kyiv Post reported, telling lawmakers, **“Seven votes stand between us and a visa-free regime.”**

It's clear that hardly anyone in Ukraine wants this law. It's seen as a painful but necessary concession in order to gain access to the EU. The discussion was never about whether protection of LGBT rights is a good thing. That becomes strikingly apparent with comments comparing a gay parade to Russian tanks. One can only hope that over time acceptance will grow and gay activists won't have to fear for their lifes anymore.
Here is the full speech in english for those interested (and [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jmGh6ysHo2g) is video of the speech):

 At the start of the meeting, the participants honored the victims of terrorist attacks in Paris by a minute of silence, being invited to do so by the head of state.  
"We should peacefully commemorate both seventeenths of November. Both 17. 11. 1939 and 17. 11. 1989. What binds these two anniversaries together over fifty years time gap? I think it's two things. First, the disagreement of our nation with the occupation. Whether the evident one in the case of the German occupation, or the ill-concealed, but existing, in the case of the Soviet occupation. This nation deserves to rule itself alone. And so that no one, I repeat no one, from the outside would dictate what to do and what not to do", said the president in his words, for which he earned the applause.
“But the second memory of both the seventeenths of November is perhaps equally serious. Back then, people took to the streets to protest against manipulation. To protest against the fact that they are forced into one single correct opinion, that they are being threaded into a straitjacket, an opinion uniform, and they must not think differently than they are prescribed by their manipulator,” he said to the applause and chants of “Long live Zeman!”.  
"Today we live in a free society, where brainwashing is more difficult than in the past. But that does not mean it does not exist. There is a manipulation that has a lot of beautiful names. I'll tell you just three: someone claims to be a „value leader”, and says about himself, that he is entitled to tell us what values we should, and therefore also we should not, share. Other proclaims himself to be so-called opinion leader, i.e. a leader of public opinion - and usually these are those would-be elites, trying to get noticed, without being elected by anyone nor authorized for such opinion. And the absolutely most horrible label is called (public) opinion makers. People who call themselves this way, scorn citizens. They believe that people are something like putty or something like dough that can be kneaded and manipulated to suit the manipulator. But we're not the dough, we're not a modeling clay. All of us who have gathered here, keep trying to think independently,” said Zeman.
"We have witnessed many, many media massages, but one I would like to mention separately, because it moves with the entire nation. It's a media massage on migration crisis. I believe that tolerance for different opinions is necessary. That everyone has a right in a free society to express their view, but also that the opposite view must not be silenced and labeled in a truly free society by various labels, or even insults such as „extremists“, “xenophobes“, “islamofobes“, „racists“ or „fascists“. The label or name-calling is not an argument. And it only proves the thinking inadequacy of its advocates. Likewise, a roar is not an argument. And it is a roar, which is manifestation of the fascists, the roar being a manifestation of the herd, which met here last year," he remembered last year's demonstration.  
"Our nation is not xenophobic. In this nation, in this country, live more than half a million foreigners. And they can find coexistence with our culture, they are friendly accepted and we have no problems with them, on the contrary, our society thrives with them. But their culture is fully compatible with European values. It is not a culture of murderers and not a culture of religious hatred. When I ask what causes migration, then I know that the vast majority of these illegal migrants are young, well-fed men. And I ask, why these men do not fight for their country’s freedom against the Islamic state? And if they come from countries where there is no fighting, I ask, why they do not work for their country and for its enhancement to overcome its current backwardness?  
The voice of a president of the republic should be a voice of the nation, not the voice of the media, not their media trumpet. Although I admit that I would have more comfortable life, if I were a voice of the media. Those journalists, who write every day about something else, without understanding anything, would praise me for giving such beautiful speeches. But I would get into a conflict with my nation. And so at the conclusion of my speech, I would like to challenge you to this: Let's do everything we can so as to be able to continue to live in a free society, where we will appreciate the diversity of our views, where we will discuss them, where we will argue and where we shall not be giving in to brainwashing.“
Criticism of genuinely and intrinsically harmful ideas (i.e. Islamism) should not be confused with "anti-Muslim bigotry". We need more honest criticism of Islamic doctrine, not less.
Massive demonstrations took place yesterday in Prague. About 4 different protests were held against immigrants and islam, with two having thousands of attendees each, and the other two being smaller. Toghether 10 000+ people. Later all the demontratants joined togehther and [marched](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ThL7CDLNai4) towards governmental office, demanding resignation of the government due to their weak stance on immigration and accepting of the "refugee" quotas. [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NFvtjk9SbvU) of the protest in front of govermental office. A few thousands people shouting "treason", "traitors" and "demission" at government.

[Here](http://imgur.com/a/YexrP) is a few photos from one of the anti-immigration protests.

There was also "open borders" pro-refugees demonstration, although only a few hundreds people attended. Photos [here](http://imgur.com/a/DcarF)
"Czech president recognizes threat to country"
Its his country, he can do whatever he wants. Including attending Anti-muslim rallies and not accepting any more refugees.
He has that right
Wow. Wonder if this will happen. Awaiting further developments.
it's exciting and it's progress, but the woman herself is pretty cautious about real change:

&gt;Aung San Suu Kyi: **People want a happy ending. They want Burma to be a success story. There are too few success stories and too few happy endings in this world today. But I always say that you don't get something simply because you want it.**

&gt;Bill Whitaker: Do you believe that Burma is on the path to democracy now?

&gt;Aung San Suu Kyi: It's not firmly on the path to democracy. We are on the path to disciplined democracy.

&gt;Bill Whitaker: What is disciplined democracy--

&gt;Aung San Suu Kyi: I think it's democracy as seen by military authoritarian leaders.

&gt;Bill Whitaker: Does it fit with your idea of democracy?

&gt;Aung San Suu Kyi: Not an exact fit, no.

progress is slow and sometimes backslides

but never forget: progress is still real

more shocking is this fucking bullshit below spoken by myanmar's highest buddhist authority. "peaceful" buddhism my ass:

&gt;Bill Whitaker: The Dalai Lama has condemned your form of Buddhism as extremism.

&gt;Ashin Wirathu: I accept the term extremist with pride. I do not respect the Dalai Lama. He's a political power broker. The Dalai Lama is not honorable to me.

&gt;Wirathu's rhetoric is extreme, but his mantra -- that Burma is for Buddhists - is widely held, even by other holy men. He's a provocateur, who enflames passions with fiery speeches. He's attracted a large and growing following.

&gt;Bill Whitaker: Do Muslims have a place here in Burma?

&gt;We can't repeat his actual response, it's R-rated. But essentially he said Muslims were defecating on Burma; threatening its very existence.

&gt;Ashin Wirathu: I don't accept them.

&gt;Bill Whitaker: Why?

&gt;Ashin Wirathu: Because they're deceiving the world they want to take over the whole country. But even then they will not be satisfied. They will only be satisfied when the whole world converts to Islam.

&gt;There are more monks than soldiers in Burma and they're highly revered. Wirathu's view of Suu Kyi could pose a problem for her.

&gt;Bill Whitaker: What is your opinion of Aung San Suu Kyi?

&gt;Ashin Wirathu: When it comes to nationalism and the security of the country, she's useless.

&gt;Bill Whitaker: Useless?

&gt;Ashin Wirathu: Yes.

**edit**: i'm a bonehead and forgot the source, see /u/crazy_allen_string 's comment below

Relevant -

Shell Oil acting as a multinational global conglomerate and one of the largest companies on earth were paying bribes to government officials in Nigeria. They were paying the military to conduct raids on innocent protesters homes and ended up hanging innocent protest leaders in order to suppress the protesting against Shell.


My username is my attempt at education via a spoof on the Human Rights Abuses by Shell Oil in the Niger Delta region of Nigeria.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

For more information about Shell in Nigeria, please look at the sources below.

http://www.theguardian.com/business/2010/dec/08/wikileaks-cables-shell-nigeria-spying

&gt;The oil giant Shell claimed it had inserted staff into all the main ministries of the Nigerian government, giving it access to politicians' every move in the oil-rich Niger Delta, according to a leaked US diplomatic cable.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ken_Saro-Wiwa

&gt;His death provoked international outrage and the immediate suspension of Nigeria from the Commonwealth of Nations, as well as the calling back of many foreign diplomats for consultation. The United States and other countries considered imposing economic sanctions.

&gt;Beginning in 1996, the Center for Constitutional Rights (CCR), EarthRights International (ERI), Paul Hoffman of Schonbrun, DeSimone, Seplow, Harris &amp; Hoffman and other human rights attorneys have brought a series of cases to hold Shell accountable for alleged human rights violations in Nigeria, including summary execution, crimes against humanity, torture, inhumane treatment and arbitrary arrest and detention. The lawsuits are brought against Royal Dutch Shell and Brian Anderson, the head of its Nigerian operation.[15]

&gt;The United States District Court for the Southern District of New York set a trial date of June 2009. On 9 June 2009 Shell agreed to an out-of-court settlement of $15.5 million USD to victims' families. However, the company denied any liability for the deaths, stating that the payment was part of a reconciliation process.[16] In a statement given after the settlement, Shell suggested that the money was being provided to the relatives of Saro-Wiwa and the eight other victims, in order to cover the legal costs of the case and also in recognition of the events that took place in the region.[17] Some of the funding is also expected to be used to set up a development trust for the Ogoni people, who inhabit the Niger Delta region of Nigeria.[18] The settlement was made just days before the trial, which had been brought by Ken Saro-Wiwa's son, was due to begin in New York.[17]

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wiwa_family_lawsuits_against_Royal_Dutch_Shell

&gt;On June 8, 2009, Shell settled out-of-court with the Saro-Wiwa family for $15.5 million.[3][4] Ben Amunwa, director of the Remember Saro-Wiwa organization, said that "No company, that is innocent of any involvement with the Nigeria military and human rights abuses, would settle out of court for 15.5 million dollars. It clearly shows that they have something to hide".[5]

http://www.theguardian.com/world/2011/oct/03/shell-oil-paid-nigerian-military

&gt;Shell oil paid Nigerian military to put down protests, court documents show

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Another article - http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/africaandindianocean/niger/5413171/Shell-execs-accused-of-collaboration-over-hanging-of-Nigerian-activist-Ken-Saro-Wiwa.html


Short 10 min documentary about it - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=htF5XElMyGI - The Case Against Shell: 'The Hanging of Ken Saro-Wiwa Showed the True Cost of Oil'
Sounds like someone left the fan on.
Lookslikemeatsbackonthemenuboys.gif
The AC malfunctioned? Were these animals underground, or what?
They have zoos?
And who is going to police it?

I had a lot of land I bought to protect and illegal loggers ruined it.

you need a standing army to stop these people, not legislation alone. 

You need serious powers to kill on sight, like shooting african poachers.

I had 40 hectares of rain forest and when I came back in 6 years they had logged it all to the ground, and the "security guard" fat with bribes.
Time to set up a C-span like channel and start broadcasting these trials, with subtitles etc. to let the world see and "hear" what is being said and what type defenses are offered. 
Hey, i'm actually from Abu dhabi.

I'm glad they got caught, my family all went to the mall the other day, it really wrecks my nerves knowing some dickheads with a misguided notion of an ideology could have killed them and alot of innocent people.

I'm happy to know they got caught, but this makes me scared that there might be more cells both here and around the world.

I hope the world carpet bombs them to the next dimension.
Was it Ali Baba and 40 thieves?
lol age verification? i wonder if he just means a box you click to say if you're over 18, not very safe, plus most of us dont want porn filters. why cant they spend their time, energy and resources on something more important -___- 
I give this about 10 minutes before a work around is released
Maybe I'm just being a conspiratard, but I wonder if this is a cover so they can install an infrastructure for future government censorship.  For now, it's just an optional system to protect your children from pornography, but later it could become "protecting your children from pornography and other dangerous materials" and eventually "protecting the general public from pornography and other dangerous materials".

I admit that I don't know much about British politics, but it strikes me as odd that the Prime Minister "sputtered over his cornflakes" because somebody's kid might see a picture of boob.
**Tl;dr:**


* 'Opt-out' porn filters have already been widely implemented (Sky and TalkTalk: All customers, BT: New customers)

* A knock-on from EU 'net nuetrality' regulations meant that Cameron's filters would be 'banned' as they would be "un-lawful" under the regs

* Cameron plans to veto Eu regulations to keep his filters in place and plans to "force" ISPs to implement the filters
Just because everyone made fun of him for fuking a pig.
How ironic, a wanker having an issue with porn
It's funny, people get bothered by the idea of the minimum wage going to $15 but barely bat an eye about hundreds of billions of US taxpayer dollars being stolen.
This number. 500 billion $. We're all slaves aren't we. What we make in our lifetime is pocket change's pocket change.
Americans really don't seem to ever want to talk about Iraq, instead we go on about things like Benghazi. Seriously, we need like panels and commissions formed to understand how big of a fuck up the Iraq War was, understand the scope of what we lost, the outcomes of it, and hold some people accountable. This conflict is arguably one of the worst policy disasters since Vietnam, and both parties just want shove it in the closet. 
&gt; The FDA inspectors also noticed that one manufacturing unit had only one stand-alone toilet in significant disrepair 50 yards from the aseptic manufacturing unit. Inside the facility inspectors saw no hand washing station and an open pit appeared to be used as a urinal.
It is becoming apparent that corporations play loss and fast with the rules in China. This is not the last incident of corporate malfeasance in China that will come to light.  
No, no!  It's totally *rogue programmers* that did it!  The Volkswagen CEO said so!
"According to Bild, Winterkorn declared at the Geneva auto show in March 2012 that VW wanted to reduce its CO2 emissions by 30 percent by 2015 and the engineers did not dare to tell him that this would be difficult to achieve."

So, this is as much of a management problem as engineering.  When engineers work in a hostile environment where they are afraid to be honest and are given impossible goals,  it's no wonder why they cheat. This begs the question of how many other things they cheated on.  Passenger safety?
VW is the tip of the iceberg. Today i saw how supermarkets mix expired meat with blood and fresh meat to make it look nice again(canada, but probably everywhere else as well). any corporation could cheating you and you can not trust them. Dont believe any ads. oh, dont buy pre marinated or spiced meat either, its gone off.
A couple of years ago Vice released a documentary on sexual assistance for disabled people in Japan.

[障がい者の性 - Medical Sex Worker](https://youtu.be/HErf4OELzYk)

NSFW obviously. 
I have a social skills disability
Can someone explain why the Prime Minister is being held responsible for the nightclub fire? Apparently there were substantial protests, what do they want? I am, admittedly, not well versed in Romanian politics.
Of course, given Burmese history, an equally important question is the actual handover of power. 
Omitting the fact that she knew all about it and continued to approve it.
Not surprised in the slightest. They only now want to make it legal so they can "protect" us.
Good, Facebook has no right to track anyone who does not opt in. I hope they take too long and have to pay a few week's worth of fines.
Anyone want explain how this is exaggerated and won't be available on the market?
(red, white, and blue) * three
How ISIS has been able to even exist for this long is an embarrassment.  I'm sick of hearing about them already.  We couldn't wait long enough to flatten Iraq, what are we waiting for now?
Congratulations Turkey! You've re-elected your dictator!
Fuck Turkey. Seriously. They are just going backwards. So fucking embarrassed.

Source: I'm Turkish but I live in Canada for past 30 years, thank GOD and my parents.
What happens when huge portions of Canadian prairie and Russian steppe become warm enough to be viable farm land? 
Perhaps they should consider cutting founds on exporting their retarded version of Islam. 
Saudi Arabia's future is dated. Soon the desert sands will no longer be fought back, and they will consume their backwards kingdom, returning them to the nomadic poverty they came from. They know this, we know this, its only a matter of time, so its a wonder why anyone is investing anything into the area. 

“My grandfather rode a camel, my father rode a camel, I drive a Mercedes, my son drives a Land Rover, his son will drive a Land Rover, but his son will ride a camel.”

-

Sheikh Rashid bin Saeed Al Maktoum, the founding father of Dubai
Couldnt even imagine what the security guard had felt, just heading to work thinking you were going to break up a few drunken fights and then being face to face with a suicide bomber. 
Can you imagine being a security guard for years, searching tens of thousands of fans, and then one day you find that vest? Unbelievable - a true hero.  
&gt;However, more troubling is their revelation that the man in question had a ticket for the game, and was actually denied access to the match.

This must be really poorly worded. That sounds like they think it's less of a problem that he showed up with a suicide vest, than the fact that they didn't let him into the stadium even though he had a ticket.
Can we get this guy a medal of honor? He was probably paid minimum wage, yet did his job to the fullest and protected so many innocents -- that makes him a hero in my book. 
Hmm, the source says he's Muslim but the Wall Street Journal they're quoting from says no such thing.


http://www.wsj.com/articles/attacker-tried-to-enter-paris-stadium-but-was-turned-away-1447520571


Source is from Pakistan so they're obviously biased and have nothing but speculation that this guard was Muslim to go on.



Yahoo publishes this exact story every few months. It's not anything "game-changing".

&gt;Once filtered, the water is vaporized under heat in a second purification step. The vapor, containing pure water, is then condensed and collected for drinking purposes

That's what people have been doing for centuries. That's why it's still not economically suitable to do this on mass scale. It takes too much energy.

Worldnews is like a fighting ground on these articles right now. 

It was maintenance! 
It was a Missile!
Its undecided!
Airline keeps mentioning "outside factors" and the commitee says "not struck from outside". Edit: an airliner can't rule out technical failure/pilot error a day after the crash and simply say that it must've been outside factors. I understand this doesn't mean it should have been a missile.

This seems to me like bad maintenance which the airline would just love to cover up. 

I can't give a source right now, but i've heard russian officials stormed the airliners HQ to prevent the airliner of destroying documents which would indicate malpractice.

edit: 

[Raided by russian police](http://russia.liveuamap.com/en/2015/31-october-the-office-of-kogalymavia-owner-in-moscow-is-raided)

[Official statement that an investigation is opened against airliner](http://www.itv.com/news/update/2015-10-31/russia-opens-investigation-into-airline-following-plane-crash/)


It was a long handshake too. It wasn't awkward but it was teetering there towards the end. Jinping sort of tries to withdraw his hand after a while but the dude would not stop shaking that shit.
Historic, yes, but the KMT is slated to lose both the presidency and the legislature in the forthcoming elections. Something tells me the people of Taiwan will not accept reunification or more integration after what happened to Hong Kong.
There's no president of Taiwan, only President of the Republic of China.

or in the formal and politically correct statement, it should be the first ever meeting between the leaders from both sides of Taiwan strait.
turkish goverment, the biggest wingman!
To anyone confused by this idea, understand that it's better than Turkey's young men joining groups like ISIS for the promise of 'wives'.
Fun fact: Mr. Davutoglu's own wife, Sare Davutoglu, a hardcore islamist herself, recently held a (taxpayer funded) conference on "islamic medicine", where a religious scholar gave an astonishing fatwa: "Masturbation is imperative and necessary."

http://www.al-monitor.com/pulse/originals/2015/10/turkey-sex-islam-anal-masturbation.html
Both Russia and the US can strike anywhere in the world. Scaremongering about the missile's 1700 mile range is hilarious.
so from the headline i'm guessing that putin designed the missiles, personally shot the missiles and personally shoots every missile 
"Moscow can claim to possess a global strike capability that before, only the United States possessed."     

No, that's incorrect.  Moscow had global strike capabilities for decades, we've just convinced ourselves that they did not. 
[Was this one of those cruise missles?](http://gfycat.com/LawfulBogusIraniangroundjay)

[Tomahawk over Baghdad in 1991](http://gfycat.com/FavoriteMediumHamster)

ISIS reminds me of those gang leaders in California talking about how big and powerful they are. They ain't shit compared to the big boys. 

They squared up this week and are about to learn how small they are.
No pic of the missile in the article. But [this](http://preview.turbosquid.com/Preview/2014/07/08__11_24_09/001.jpge6cc82a7-b1d3-4b49-9e5b-2f567785c458Original.jpg) is roughly what it looks like.
Welcome back!
Palestinians are small in number, yet they are remarkably prolific in terrorism in Syria, Iraq and the West. 


Syrians and Palestinians, most terror makers yet get the most worldwide sympathy. go figure (they use media and propaganda skillfully) 
Edit: from personal talks with Malaysians, Muslim Indians,Pakistanis and Bangladeshis I'm shocked to see how they automatically adopt the Muslim side (Sunni) of each conflict in the Middle East although they know shit about the little details and facts. For example: they completely ignore the poor decisions and corruption of the Palestinian leadership and are only accusing Israel who "are killing Muslims". And to think those countries will make the majority of world population in a few decades..    I really think that the west should change its way of thinking and retaliate with talking to the young Muslim generation worldwide instead of blowing up cities, otherwise ISIS will fill out the educational vacuum. I do expect from the world leaders to launch an international effort to teach youngsters **to think critically** after they are done with ISIS. 
Well, I guess that answers the "us or them" ultimatum delivered by the U.S. to Iraq a week ago. HAHA.
I'm done with my religion. If these people who committed this atrocity had the same beliefs as me there must be seriously wrong with how we interpret scripture and there must be a reform soon. All religion has done is kill people and I'm frankly sick of defending myself and others. 
Islam needs a reformation just like Christianity underwent.
Google Earth at 50.832933°N 65.326276°E. The Turgay triradial is at 50.102778°N 65.360833°E
Ancient Aliens is gonna puke their pants
Maybe they were used to store grain.
Oscar and his father are both okay too!
http://www.abc.net.au/news/2015-11-16/australian-man-recounts-surviving-bataclan-attack-with-12yo-son/6942976

There was something particularly spine chilling about that moment for me. Not that the whole scenario wasn't horrendous of course, but actually seeing a face and putting an identity on the victims made it so much more heartbreaking for me than reading a statistic in a news report. 

Thank god she is okay. 
I'm so glad there was a follow up story for this. I worried for her all weekend.
There are around 1,500 women in the Air Force, including 94 pilots and 14 navigators. At the moment, they serve as transport and helicopter pilots in the IAF but are not exposed to direct combat. With today's decision, they have now become eligible for induction in all branches and streams of the IAF.

[Pics](http://anupkumarchaturvedi.com/0001_250.jpg)

[Of some ](https://encrypted-tbn2.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRHtvbsPBrJKKKwgQSNxTHcAHfAifwwWqUpr5DB4aBZrki8bT1suFEJiRbvlg)

[Women of](http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2015/02/13/25A71F0E00000578-2952976-image-m-26_1423867753328.jpg)

[IAF](https://encrypted-tbn1.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQhuFeW7FqX9ANaDKrzMxdtvfjWImqj8INXisNpMAFYaq09783mcUY9R5Td)
ITT : People that are pretending to care but actually don't at all
The first US f14 female pilot was a disaster. The navy and air force were both trying to be the first to get a woman into a fighter jet. She got pushed through after failing multiple times on her tests and eventually died on her first actual mission where she maneuvered completely wrong and ejected herself into the water thus killing herself instantly. 

Hopefully they've learned from our mistake and do not lower the requirements for women.
Please note that this is for elections to local councils. Saudi Arabia is not a democracy.
&gt; "I think most people feel that we cannot maintain a system where perhaps 190,000 people will arrive every year – in the long run, our system will collapse"

There's some very careful wording to avoid being labeled; It's about as outspoken a condemnation as a Swedish political figure is likely to make.  Pretty surprising.
**People have been trying to communicate this for years.** *What happen to them?*

Public humiliation, bias panel discussions on state-owned tv and radio (non-stop, everyday), and the deliberate engineering of a climate where concerned citizens are virtually turned in to Nazis for showing concern. 


The leader of Swedens most popular "opposition" party Moderaterna suggested the other day that it should be put in to law that all partys must vote with the government line. Making opposition illegal. Effectively ending democracy.

[http://www.dn.se/nyheter/politik/kinberg-batra-vi-var-inte-tillrackligt-forberedda-pa-krisen/](http://www.dn.se/nyheter/politik/kinberg-batra-vi-var-inte-tillrackligt-forberedda-pa-krisen/)

[http://www.svd.se/do-kritiker-rasar-mot-kinberg-batras-besked](http://www.svd.se/do-kritiker-rasar-mot-kinberg-batras-besked)

edit: broken link
Swedish and German leadership have this in common.

First they against all warnings instate populist immigrant policies that is nowhere near sustainable and leads to a gigantic influx of economic immigrants from Africa and Asia.

Then later they take on the victim role, and blames EU and their other less wealthy neighbors for not taking the migrants off their hands.

Meanwhile if they had been just SLIGHTLY less populist morons, they could have used the same money helping millions of people all over the world to a better life, or even selectively picked refugees in need out of camps and flown them home.

Completely avoiding tens of thousands drowning in the Mediterranean every year, hundreds of millions of euros going to criminal smuggler bands, the Libyan coast turning into a haven for criminals and terrorists attracted to this money, overrun asylum institutions, the suspending of the Dublin deal, the suspending of the Schengen agreement, and ultimately either a disbandment or a rework of the entire EU.
Sweden collapses due to pathological altruism.
[deleted]
**This thread is a clusterfuck.** I have counted:

* one fake study about Sweden "becoming a Third World country in 2030" being upvoted
* one person asserting that public opinion has less than 1% influence on public policy, while the article that he links to to back up that claim doesn't say such a thing
* a top comment saying that a Swedish party wants to outlaw opposition voting, whereas the news articles that are linked to back up that false claim don't speak of such a thing
* multiple people calling Sweden and the EU a failed state, a failure and more without backing their claims up
* a person arguing that Sweden is "the rape capital of the world", whereas the definition of rape in Sweden includes various forms of sexual assault as well. If you use the American legal definition of rape, Sweden has one of the lowest rape rates **in the world**
* people arguing that studying certain things is prohibited in Sweden, without backing up these (false) claims

**Exercise some critical thinking skills, people. Please.**

Even if you happen to find **actual** research or evidence supporting your claims, please keep in mind that you should still exercise critical thinking skills. This thread fails to even include actual evidence of claims, let alone cherrypicked studies.

Edit: downvotes by people who are apparently unhappy with stuff that doesn't confirm their biases. Petty.
Olive oil scams have been going on since basically before recorded history.  There are clay tablets that talk about it.  Tons of olive oil today is fake.
It's been known for years that many Italian companies buy cheap olive oil from other countries and mix it with their olive oil.

That's why I never buy Italian olive oil. I either get Greek or Portuguese.
And this is why I never buy olive oil from Europe.
nan
nan
&lt;div class="md"&gt;&lt;p&gt;And this is why I never buy olive oil from Europe.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Though even in Australia producers can be dodgy.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;I know a boutique Oliver grower in the blue mountains region who will personally escort his olives to the presser and then on to the bottlers....out of fear of having his product ripped off/mixed with other shit house olives and such.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Though I have to say that from others in the industry I have hears this uncommon. Australian olive oils are far superior to European stuff anyway. The olive oil trade and industry conferences are great fun. Amazing sector.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
Between all the news reports of water on Mars, this is a breath of fresh air. 
TL;DR

China has been on a 9 year compulsory education system and they seek to extend it to 12 years.
They put comics on the walls of Cairo metro stations too:

http://www.olepress.com/content/uploads/2015/10/30/56337438c3481.jpg

http://www.olepress.com/content/uploads/2015/10/30/56337438d8cfd.jpg

http://www.olepress.com/content/uploads/2015/10/30/56337438e49f2.jpg

http://www.olepress.com/content/uploads/2015/10/30/56337438f0007.jpg

Here's an article about that campaign and the reception:

http://www.dw.com/en/tackling-sexual-harassment-in-egypt/a-18823620

&gt; "They tell me 'I have to try. I have to harass her to see whether she will go out with me.' They will come up with excuses such as she was laughing too loud or she had locks of her hair out of the veil, she looked at me and smiled. They will come up with anything to justify their actions," she added.
After that Uber must teach them driving.
"Ok lads..... this is pretty easy. Repeat after me.... "The penis stays in the pants"

"Achmed.... put your cock away!"
This takes training?
It's pretty ironic that the cultures most obsessed with "protecting women's virtue" have the highest rates of rape and sexual harassment.
Now that's what I call an incentive.
What a shitstain to go from living in the UK and having freedoms of speech and religion to go to Syria to fight for a barbaric organization intent on spreading its beliefs and reveling in beheading captives

Good riddance
He was quite the little shitstain, I Really hope they got him. 
I hope it wounded him terribly for him to understand what has happened, at least for a couple of minutes... and then he dies.

To all you Redditors who are offended by my comment, go back to your life struggles of playing fallout 4. 
Deleted by a precise drone strike. That's science and engineering, asshole! Let's not ever talk about him again. He certainly doesn't deserve it.
Killing him is not even the best part my friends. Wait til they start protesting about his due process rights in this thread!
Just heard one of the bombers may have been 15, also one was a french national. On the radio, I have no confirmation.
Besides the loss of life, this will undoubtedly be the biggest impact of this attack. The refugee crisis debate was already at a fever pitch. If any of these killers are connected to the refugees, it would confirm the worst-case predictions of the anti-immigration advocates and kick off a full blown firestorm. I have no idea what Europe will do now. Sadly, it will probably only mean more suffering for all those refugees who aren't in any way associated with these evil individuals. 
I don't went to come off as a conspiracy nut but that seems ridiculously convenient 
FUCKKK YOU COMCAST.... DIEEEE!
Perhaps they can call this ring "Halo"
Just have to wait on the blackbox. It's a he said she said situation. 
While this is certainly interesting, it doesn't change anything. The article states itself that the heat flash could have been either of the two leading theories at the moment, unless someone else can analyze this in more depth. 
So we still got it's-a-bomb or "Russian aircraft sometimes just go boom" as our two leading theories? Same as yesterday? Call me when someone gets done checking for explosive residue, that ought to be tomorrow.
Mid-life, metal fatigue, heat flashes? Sounds like menopause.
Well played Morocco. A good bit of practical and forward thinking, I hope you inspire other nations with large expanses of desert to do the same.
What if France invokes Article 5 of the NATO treaty (as the US did after 9/11)?  Would the US be compelled to put troops in?
Do special forces not wear boots anymore? 
Good, ever since 9/11 we've given the terrorists everything they've wanted and there is nothing they want more than to kill US troops. There is nothing to gain from sending in troops unless we're prepared to stay there for decades.
"Spying among friends? That's just not done."
-Merkel, 2013
This again?  Anyone with the slightest understanding of global affairs knows that everyone spies on everyone, constantly, obsessively. 
**Revelations about the US spying come out. Anti-American idiots say:** 

"OMG AMERICA IS A FASCIST POLICE STATE. HOW DARE THEY SPY ON OTHER COUNTRIES! ALL AMERICANS WHO AREN'T OUTRAGED AT THEIR BLATANT DISREGARD FOR HUMAN RIGHTS ARE RETARDED SLAVES! THIS WOULD NEVER BE ALLOWED IN MORE CIVILIZED COUNTRIES LIKE THOSE IN EUROPE AND CANADA. I CAN'T WAIT UNTIL THE US COLLAPSES SO THE WORLD CAN MOVE FORWARD AND EXPLORE THE COSMOS TOGETHER IN PEACE AND WE CAN SING FOLK SONGS IN DRUM CIRCLES ON MARS".

**Americans' response:**

"Everyone spies on everybody, now is a time for calm sanity while we wait for all the facts to come out."

**Their response:** 

"HAHA FUCK YOU AMERICANS FOR TRYING TO MAKE THIS ABOUT OTHER COUNTRIES WHEN YOU WERE CAUGHT RED-HANDED! YOU'RE NOT GETTING OFF EASY THIS TIME YANKS!"

**Revelations come out about European governments like Germany spying in basically the exact same manner the US does:**

"Who cares? Everybody spies on everybody, the US does it the most so why are we talking about Germany? This spying topic only matters to me when it can be used to bash the US and spew bigotry against Americans. Let's be calm, refrain from criticizing other spying countries in the way we criticize the US, and make sure that the consistently hypocritical anti-American narrative that Europeans and Canadians love so much continues unabated."
On yeah, you feel that my European friends? That red hot feeling on your face after how many years of bitching on this sub about US spying?

Ooh, this is just satisfying.


[removed]
It's going to get worse I'm afraid.
I was just saying this to my other half last night that these Paris attacks makes the world a little worse for everybody, if your not living in fear of attacks you are in fear of revenge attacks.When these attacks happen on innocent mosques it just strengthens the extremists beliefs.  
If you're just randomly picking mosques and burning them because you hate them you're a terrorist just like ISIS.


I'm a white Canadian and I feel like every Arab person I've interacted with since the shootings has been trying *super hard* to be extra non-threatening, extra kind and smiley, extra accommodating, so that I as a white person won't be afraid of them because they're (potentially) Muslim. So that I know they're a good person, and not a terrorist. It makes me feel so guilty and so sad that they feel like they have to walk on eggshells in their own home just to try to prove to white people that they're not terrorists. 


I guess I didn't understand at first why the Canadian Arabs I interacted with this weekend thought it was necessary to be super-nice (more so than anyone would normally be), because why would anyone ever think their Pharmaprix cashier or old lady next door is a terrorist??? Why would you ever hate on your Uber driver or uni T.A. for what some assholes did in Europe? Now I get it. Peterborough exemplifies that a lot of Canadians actually do blame the umma for the actions of the individual, no matter how peaceful the umma and wretched the individual.
Someone I know said they wanted to catch a pig, kill it, and hang it in the middle of a mosque and place a Koran in it's mouth, and open it's stomach so all the entrails were spread around in the mosque.

Lots of people are pretty angry about what happened.....probably might see things like this spread.
&gt; "When I read my Daily Mail this morning, I sputtered over my cornflakes because we worked so hard to put in place these filters,"

This is kind of an adorable way to put it.
IS this use of "my Daily Mail" a turn of phrase in the UK or is he casually mentioning that he *actually reads the Daily Mail* every morning?
&gt; "When I read my Daily Mail this morning, I sputtered over my cornflakes because we worked so hard to put in place these filters," he told fellow MPs.

Suck on that, you pathetic excuse of a "man".

Everyone: 1
David Cameron: 0
Wait... is Cameron really trying to make him and his criminal supporters out to be the victims here?

"We worked so hard for this and now it isn't waht we wanted! What betrayal by the evil leftists!"

No, fuck you, Cameron.

Everyone was aware of exactly what these filters are. You knew, your cronies knew, everyone knew. In fact, you criminals get paid a lot of money to know these things.

You are simply a liar and a traitor to your nation. And thats the whole bloody problem.
Just like the refugee estimates have steadily gone up over the course of this crisis, the bill will also slowly go up. 

This is not the last number or the highest. Here's an article from September with an estimate of 10 billion. http://www.dw.com/en/refugee-crisis-to-cost-germany-10-billion-euros/a-18696346 

The number will keep growing and the lifetime cost will probably end up in the hundreds of billions, all borne by the German taxpayer. 
For that amount of money they could have bought malaria nets for everyone that needs one in the world. You can really see from this that the open borders policy is more about looking good than doing the most good.
here is something to think about:

germany   decided 25€ A MONTH, per refugee in the camps(lebanon,jordan,turkey) is too much to spend with the UN.


they halved it to 13€!!!

because when they are in these countries, they dont matter one bit.


if you cross into germany, now you are human. now germans can feel good. and now we spend what? 

22.000.000.000€ for 1 million refugees? that comes out to 22.000€ per refugee. 1800€ a month. 

thats roughly 60€ a day. for one day in germany, you can feed and shelter 4 people in a refugee camp FOR A MONTH.

this is absolutely bonkers if you really think about it. they knew what they did when they cut the aid. 

now this backfires and cost us a minimum of 22 billion, add the strain for the infrastructure, social system and social peace, you wont get far with 22 billion.


but, in the eyes of many germans, including merkel, to feel good, you gotta spend that money, fuck up your country, fuck up the EU, fuck up the rule of law and split german society in half into pro and anti immigration.

all because politicians are afraid to lose face after they fuck up.


2 years ago i wouldnt have thunk we sink to a level in germany that we have seen from 3rd world country dictators and regimes.

the only thing coming in the last 6 months is:

WIR SCHAFFEN DAS ( WE CAN DO IT =/= YES WE CAN)

no solutions, only chaos, propaganda and panic on all sides of the story.

i hope it was worth it to feel good for half a year, Frau Dr. Merkel.







I wish countries would spend the same amount they spend on aid on their citizens first.
If you think it's only going to be $22 B then you're in for some surprises.   Try x10.   Or more.
Well, the good news here is that the Russian airliner attack seems to be the result of an isolated security breach at Sharm el-Sheikh, and not the development of some sort of screening-proof explosive device.

That means that it won't be easy for them to try this again in another country.
Here lies Egyptian Tourism. Killed by fanatics and dictators.
[The actual picture](https://imgur.com/vuwEMsK)
I would've been suspicious if I saw a Schweppes can on my flight. Who drinks that stuff anymore?
Coal is the new cigarette. 

We know it's bad and we want to quit, but goddamn if I'm not going to take a little black rock outside, stick it in my pipe and cry a little inside while I suck on its delicious addiction. 
[This ad actually played on television.] (http://youtu.be/IKp8W1jBuHw)

I lost faith in my country after I saw this. On behalf of all Australians, I leave an open letter to the rest of the world:

Sorry. Sorry for electing shitty politicans. Sorry for letting Tony Abbott lead the 46th most populated country on the planet. Sorry for letting the Murdoch-owned media sway 22 million minds. Sorry for fucking up the climate. Sorry for selling billions of tonnes of coal to china every year, powering their smog machine. Sorry in advancd for wiping out the island nation of Kiribati. Sorry for turning the Ganges river delta and the entire country of Bangladesh into a flooded estuary. Sorry Dutchmen for putting more strain on your Djik system. Sorry Europe and North America for shutting down your Gulf Steam. Sorry sea life for shutting down the thermohaline circulation.

All the smog in China and India comes from burning coal bought from Australia. Don't blame soley them. We are funding this. **We have enough coal under our 'golden soil' that, if it is all burnt, will create 50 million climate refugees in the future.** And we will fucking burn it because we are led by a shitty pack of galahs.

Sorry for fucking over your children's generations.
From the wiki:

&gt;Sadad is a very old village; it is probably the one mentioned in the Old Testament

I thought "ancient" would mean late antiquity but... holy crap. 

I am originally from Sadad. Sadad is considered the origin of many small christian villages in the district of Homs. That is why thousands of christians are willing to leave their homes and families to defend this ancient town. Also, it is important as a location because it is only a few miles away from the main highway that connects the capital with Latakia. 

Hooray for teamwork! Put aside religious differences, and let the zealots go to hell.
Here is a live protest going on: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=czN9qPz5Z90&amp;feature=youtu.be (Sorry no subs)

Video of a man being blasted to the ground(by tear gas/oil/water mixture): https://twitter.com/hoongkildong/status/665491325182054402

Photo of them spraying directly into an ambulence carrying an injured person away: https://i.imgur.com/PzDV1Ci.jpg

This is not technically an "anti-government" in the way that immediately brings to mind. The current Prime Minister is Park Geun Hye, who is the daughter of dictator Park Chung-Hee, and she has been instating many corrupt officials and this protest in particular is against her changing all the nationwide textbooks to glorify her fathers dictatorship and vilify the peaceful protesters.
The protestors made signed agreements ahead of time that they would be peaceful and they were. Aside from the police responding with tear gas and water cannons, it's important to note that this is not  an ordinary water cannon (which could already cut a water melon in half). It is laced with capsaicin and not the kind found in food, this chemical can burn your skin. 

International reporters as well as protestors were shot with these water cannons, including one 70 year old man who was hit continuously. An ambulance came for him and the police sprayed the water cannon at the ambulance, preventing them from assisting those injured. The man is still in surgery and apparently is in critical condition.
As was commented by another, this deserves more attention. Most people don't know how corrupt South Korea is because it's overshadowed by North Korea and its much worse government. 

Given all the attention hardcore liberals and feminists in the US have gotten recently, it makes me sad that the protests that actually matter won't be seen by as many. The people in the west who struggle to find something to protest are trivializing social problems. I hope this protest leads to some changes for South Korea. Stay strong
Is an explosive device still considered improvised if it's being assembled in a factory?
We'll have an increase of suspicious situations and paranoia the next few days.
Apparently they found a loaded gun in someones luggage.

WTF is going on right now??

Edit: and a grenade
How about the Big Mac for the Big Mac Index?
First toilet paper shortage and now MickyD fries.  This isn't even the worst problems in the country when you take a look at crime stats.  I'm not an expert on running a country or an economy but I think they're doing it wrong in Venezuela.
The common man will be equal to the rich man once neither of them can afford to Super Size.
So much for Maduro's (and Chavez's) socialist commie revolution. I think Chavez's daughter (richest person in Venezuela with over $4bn) should distribute her wealth like her father has done with the wealth and savings of others. For the people!
Good luck to them. It'd be nice to watch a moon landing live for the first time.
From what I gather sending them is the easy part.  Getting them back is the challenge.
Who lands on the Moon after the U.S.?  China or Russia?  

Taking bets now...
Russia announces a lot of stuff. They also claimed they were going to have a supersonic stealth bomber in service by 2014.

As it stands, unless they actually *do* something, it'll just be more posturing. If Putin wants to cause another Sputnik moment for the US, he actually has to *do* it.
This is awesome. Go out, have some wine, meet some friends, meet some strangers, dance, make out, tell some jokes and support your local businesses that make Paris great.
FYI, they've done the same thing every year for decades. 
Anyone else here read the article just to see who was the only other country in the world to side with the US?

Israel!


They also joined a Facebook page called 'Stop the US-Cuba embargo!'
Why are they wasting their time on this when the situation is changing so much right now?  This is a pointless topic voted on in a meaningless way by a powerless organization.
Oh no, one of the most useless organizations has condemned the US over an embargo that has lasted decades...
$5 says its a drone
Must be a pack of brats; even in the article they say it was "drone-like". Combine that with the reports of pilots getting lasers in the eye, and it starts adding up to spoiled kids with expensive toys.
On halloween? 3spooky5me.
Unfortunately the title is way more interesting than the story.
&lt;div class="md"&gt;&lt;p&gt;Unfortunately the title is way more interesting than the story.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Oh well. Happy Halloween from India!&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
Hey guys, I'm from Pakistan and would like to give some context. On the 16th of December 2014 the Afghan Taliban raided a school in Peshawar and killed over 140 children. A few months previously, some 175 Taliban had escaped from prison in D.I.Khan. 

The problem with the then system was that the terrorists after being sentenced , would be sent to prison from where they would escape. The Pakistani leadership decided that there was only one way to put this to rest and that was by setting up military courts and sentencing these dogs to death. Hence the death penalty and the executions. I would prefer these dogs dead over escaped anyday. 
The us has executed 26 people this year, we have a lot of catching up to do if we still want to be number one
Whats the problem here? Pakistan actually has a COURT and all of these people being given death penalties are CONVICTED!!!!!!! Most of them are terrorists, some are murderers. Saudi Arabia just picks up a few people from an anti-government rally and kills them.
Can I be a secret wife too?
[deleted]
Ha, can you imagine if something actually happened... the world would go insane.
I'd be extremely sceptical about anything you read from the Ahlul Bayt News Agency, it's an Iranian/Iraqi Shiite news agency which frequently pumps out Iraqi government and Iranian government propaganda.  It seems like every other day they are telling stories about how they have killed hundreds upon hundreds of Islamic State militants in one area or another and they've been pumping out these stories and sensational figures ever since ISIS swept across Syria and Iraq.  The liberation of Ramadi has been 'imminent' for months, if these Shiite militias and the Iraqi army were really killing hundreds or thousands of Islamic State fighters every week how the hell are IS still in control of large parts of Iraq and Syria?  
Can't believe people are still upvoting to the front page articles from propaganda sources like abna. please check the source before you upvote. this sub has no legitimacy whatsoever 
Nice
It is sad but true that the only way to defeat people who kill without scruple and for whom death holds no fear is to kill them. 
Good riddance, I hope to see a complete genocide of all ISIS members. We cannot leave their ideals in this world and we have to kill every single one of them.

Edit: Some are thinking that I am advocating soldiers to straight up shoot every single one of them. This is untrue and I should specify that when ISIS falls and surrender, the remaining members should be trialed for war crimes and crimes against humanity, then executed. Also everyone MUST be trialed, unlike in the Nuremberg Trials where only the highest ranking officials were prosecuted. Lots of Nazis were/are roaming the world freely! This I think should not happen again and I am very distraught by the thought that even here in Austria, Nazis still remain.

Edit 2: Damn this sparked some controversy. Good to see everyone's opinion at least.
Of course, the whole point of a Doomsday Machine is lost, if you *keep* it a *secret*!
right; like a secret military document, with large vivid full color camera friendly illustrations, would be presented to a media camera in the first place for them to "forget" to blur it out.

   Kind of reminds me of those videos of Iraqi soldiers dressed in camo and combat boots with "iraqi baby milk factory" printed in large english letters on their uniforms back when saddam was being bombed.

No! Broadcaster didn't forget to blur out the secret document. It is not even a secret document.

And by the way, looks like the British media must be receiving some funds from the Kremlin judging by the way it is helping Russia in its propaganda campaign. 
They [caught three more in St. Maarten](http://timescaribbeanonline.com/2015/11/16/three-syrians-arrested-in-st-maarten-with-false-greek-travel-documents/) on Saturday. Also Syrians with fake Greek passports. It wouldn't surprise me if they sink a cruise ship one day. That would be horrible.
Good looking out Honduras.
This is not going to end well

Probably just widows and orphans.
8 caught so far using Greek passports trying to travel to and round the US. No telling who has made it through and yet it's racist and you are a coward to not want to accept Syrian refugees. I live in a part of the world that foreign terrorists would never attack, it would be pointless, I'm not afraid. I am only thinking about the people of Boston and New York and the next city to be a victim. American lives aren't more valuable than Syrian refugees, but that doesn't mean they shouldn't be protected and if 8 have been caught there's no telling how many haven't been caught. The real problem is I would love for innocent refugees to come here and start a new safe life, but if Isis manages to pull of an attack, you can guarantee refugees are not going to be welcome in America for a long time which would be a shame.

We are in quite a pickle.

And all you neckbeard keyboard tough guys talking as if you would be okay with dying in a terrorist attack just to not "feed into the fear" are the biggest jackasses on the Internet. Adding to an ISIS death toll isn't going to stop terrorism it doesn't make you cool or tough. You sound like Ben Carson when talking about Oregon. You're a bunch of nonsensical morons. 
Maybe nice to know:
https://twitter.com/ParisVictims
This acc shares one tweet for every victim
Here's a thought exercise: Imagine you have a classroom of about 20 students. Maybe think back to your school days.

In my year there were about 3-4 classes of 25 19-20 students. 

They basically killed my entire school year. 

All the people I remember well.

And then they kept going for another ~50 people 
Serious question: How many/what percentage were Christian? Atheist? Jews? Muslims?
&lt;div class="md"&gt;&lt;p&gt;Serious question: How many/what percentage were Christian? Atheist? Jews? Muslims?&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Edit: Why the downvotes? I&amp;#39;m guessing a few refugees might have been killed in addition to native Frenchmen and students.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
Capitalism at its finest. 
Bye bye tourist dollars
Russia is NOT going to bomb Egypt people. In another article Russia is suspecting Saudi intelligence of blowing up the plane. This is standard, just think of the UK after the shooting in Tunisia. When their citizens are possibly being targeted, and they dont have confidence in the host country being able to protect them...the home country calls back its citizens. They are doing this to prevent further targeting in Egypt. 

However, Egypt is going to suffer in the tourism sector. Russians love traveling there, and they are a big portion of regular tourists. 

This is more likely to turn into Russia pointing their finger at Saudi Arabia, which it very well could be. 
There are 80,000 Russians on holiday in Egypt? Jesus tap-dancing Christ, that's a lot of fucking Russians in one place! You know...one place outside of Russia, that is. Lol. Damn. I did not realize how much the Russian tourists love Egypt. It's apparently not all about the Giza Pyramids and historical ruins, either. Methinks Sharm el-Sheikh is a nice and affordable getaway for them. Unfortunately, there are other nice and affordable beach resorts around the world, so Egypt is going to really suffer here because of this. ISIS invested in one cheap little bomb and may very well endanger the entire Egyptian economy because of it. The Brits are pulling out as well.
And once they are all back... grab some popcorn...
The Million Mask Marchers are discussing grievances with many important issues with today's world and domestic orders including pervasive surveillance, international and domestic propaganda, civil rights infractions and abuses, human rights violations, national participation in aggressive wars, and *crony* capitalism - the hand and glove relationship between some multinational corporations and state power.

Unfortunately, even when many unmobilized people may share these concerns,  the media coverage about the event rounds very specific concerns (e.g. the UK's recent ban on strong encryption) into "anti-capitalism" and characterizes the people on the streets as uninformed and immature. Some unmobilized people unfortunately fall for these generalizations because they are entertaining and the narrative comes in the format of information.

The amount of frustration you can now see at these protests, watching the protestors knowing most establishment news won't cover their civil concerns seriously, has been rising.
just a bunch of middle class post grad twats on mdma after halloween parties

hahaah my ignorant non-article reading asshole is getting upvoted. i was referring to this http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2015/11/01/lambeth-illegal-rave-scumareen-_n_8444038.html
What would be better than this capitalism system, I just can't see anything else working.
I love how the title leaves out that he died from a stroke.
He died peacefully via a stroke whilst he was sleeping, also noted he was without a torso when they found him. jk jk
Why are people coming up with assassination theories so soon? He wasn't some sort of dissident in Russia nor would it make sense for America to do anything. As the article suggests he died of a stroke. 
Being a non human animal on earth must suck
This is not a developed country, so no one is going to stop them.

Also, this happens every year. My friends from Singapore endlessly complain about it. 
Good, I'd hate for him to spend the money on pointless crap.
Erm, there's no Bitcoin CEO. This was the CEO of MtGox. I refer to this: https://twitter.com/aantonop

Edit: actual tweet: https://twitter.com/aantonop/status/659371837000806400
"Bitcoin CEO" - facepalm
"No current employees of HSBC have been prosecuted."
Mr. Falciani is a hero, he exposed the criminality of the international banking cartel enabling a breathtaking amount criminality. Now Mr. Falciani is treated like a criminal himself, just like Mr. Snowden, while the criminals who laundered drug money and helped rich people evade taxes face no charges. ***Fucking Banana Republic.***
Strike them where it hurts, cut their supply lines and their revenue sources.

It worked against the Nazis, it will work against the Islamo-fascists from Daesh.
Brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrt
Shouldn't this have been done from early on ??

I hope i wrote it correctly 

Sorry for my english

Edit: grammar
If they think this is cold they're in for a rude shock in a couple of months.
&gt; cold and isolated

Yep, it's Sweden.
When asked whether they would stay in Slovenia, the refugees adamantly refused, stating that it was too cold for them there and wanted to go to Sweden instead.

Now that they also find Sweden too cold, where are they going next?

North Pole?
Well just head on back to the beautiful and sunny Syria 
beggars can't be choosers. they should be fucking grateful for any help they receive at all.
They're not goddamn refugees anymore. 
To make this very clear, this is happening every other week. This is was what a quick 30 seconds google search gave me. And have in mind that local newspapers are VERY reluctant ton reporting these stories. If you give it a go you can likely find hundreds of cases like these.


[http://www.svd.se/just-nu-flyktingar-vagrar-lamna-buss-i-dalarna](http://www.svd.se/just-nu-flyktingar-vagrar-lamna-buss-i-dalarna)

[http://www.svd.se/hot-mot-protesterande-flyktingar](http://www.svd.se/hot-mot-protesterande-flyktingar)

[http://www.svd.se/fortsatt-protest-vid-asylmottagning](http://www.svd.se/fortsatt-protest-vid-asylmottagning)

[http://www.svd.se/asylsokande-vagrar-lamna-buss-i-rostanga](http://www.svd.se/asylsokande-vagrar-lamna-buss-i-rostanga)

[http://www.svd.se/asylsokande-vi-hungerstrejkar](http://www.svd.se/asylsokande-vi-hungerstrejkar)

[http://www.svd.se/asylsokande-kvar-i-buss-over-natten](http://www.svd.se/asylsokande-kvar-i-buss-over-natten)

[http://www.svd.se/asylsokande-lamnar-bussen](http://www.svd.se/asylsokande-lamnar-bussen)

[http://www.svd.se/fortsatt-protest-vid-flyktingboende](http://www.svd.se/fortsatt-protest-vid-flyktingboende)

edit:spelling
[removed]
Next they will be demanding compensation for cold weather.
Moves to Sweden; Is pissed because it's cold... 
That's like ordering at McDonalds and then complaining that it's unhealthy. 
14 people out of 10k a week.  Clearly a statistically significant number indicating a larger problem.  Thank god the Guardian is there to report and call attention to this problem, otherwise the number might balloon to 16.
Aaaaaaand - VICE is going to lose this one.  Badly.  

In 2010 the Supreme Court of Canada ruled that the courts are entitled to everyone's evidence.  http://www.canlii.org/en/ca/scc/doc/2010/2010scc16/2010scc16.html?autocompleteStr=National%20post&amp;autocompletePos=1

Thus, VICE will lose this case unless it could be justified... Being that the grounds of justification are extremely narrow (say, a source of a story that was an insider of the government who exposed government corruption (eg deepthroat) then maybe).  Being that VICE's source is some Jihadi - I doubt extremely that VICE will win based on precedent.

As they say, if you can't argue the law, or the facts - just argue... Is all the VICE can hope for.
In response, VICE Canada has requested that Canada's national police turn over the search histories of all Canadian politicians in return. 
When the uk government decided to triple our university tuition, there were 3 million people protesting all over the country, and several riots. They just ignored all that completely and did it anyway.

And that was our "liberal" labour government.

Shits fucked.

Well done siyth ifricka!!
[deleted]
For those of you who like me immediately went to Google Earth to try and find these--here are some coordinates to get your started

50°22'32.09"N
65°27'43.89"E

Happy Hunting!
Honestly it's not that mysterious.  It is how all the best potassium mines are laid out.  Other potassium mine layouts are inferior.
Cause if its one thing Jesus wanted was banning children from worship.
I really can't understand why gay people and their relatives would want to be part of the Mormon church in the first place. 
*until they're 18, at which time they can be baptized into the church as long as they denounce their parents "cohabitation". 
&gt;'Following the downing of the aircraft, British intelligence went back over existing material and began to see some kind of signal that indicated a bomb had been placed on this aircraft.'

&gt;The discovery has created a diplomatic row with Egypt and Russia, who want to see the intelligence, having previously played down Islamic State claims of responsibility.

&gt;Kiley said: 'The interesting thing is that the intelligence was missed in the first place, which will anger the Russians in particular.

&gt;'The Russians and Egyptians are wanting the British to share this intelligence with them. The British are resisting that very strongly - quite often they've said they'll share the conclusions but not the raw material because access to the raw material will reveal their capabilities.'

MI6 would have to be utterly insane to share intelligence with the Egyptians. Russia is one thing - certainly room for cooperation on counterterrorism is there, despite the natural apprehension about showing your hand to the SVR - but Egypt's intelligence probably has moles in it. 
I remember a video where Musk almost was in tears listening to the criticism some astronauts had for him, regarding this very issue. 

I hope he has a smile on his face now. God knows, he has proved himself worthy of this trust. 
I don't blame the Czechs. The migrants are doing what they believe is best for the migrants and the Czechs are doing what they believe is best for the Czechs. 
[deleted]
Why should the citizens of the Czech Republic have to bear this burden while refugees have resources?
Yes the migrants are being detainted against their will, just like they crossed the Czech border without against their will!

I can't see a problem here, Czech goverment tells them not to cross the border illegally. They do it anyway, and the Czech police detain them agains their will... so what should they do, tell them they did a good job?
No one invited the migrants. It sounds like Czech is behaving reasonably given the size of the human swarm and expense of processing them. 

Every country has the right to set their own border policies and control. 


You think food shelter and clothes are free?
But refugees are women, children, and elderly, they wouldn't have money, or cell phones... Oh wait. These are all young men with cell phones, western cloths, and money.... hmmm...
http://www.chinadailyasia.com/asia/2015-11/18/content_15346574.html


"Canberra created a sanctuary around the Australian Antarctic Territory in 1999, in which the hunting of dolphins and whales is banned.

But while all nations accept the conservation area 200 nautical miles (370 km) surrounding Australia and its external dependencies, **only the United Kingdom, New Zealand, France and Norway recognize the sanctuary in the Antarctic area.** "

In other words, Japans doesn't need to pay.
I love the section named "debate", as if their was anything to debate in the first place.

The science is clear - homeopathy has no medical benefits whatsoever. If it sometimes acts with the placebo effect, fine ... so does prayer, and voodoo, and psychic surgery - and you can't get any of those on the NHS either.

Consign it where it belongs under the quack category. If someone really wants it, they can pay for it privately. Taxpayers shouldn't be responsible for funding 100 quid tap water.
"You know what they call alternative medicine that's been proved to work? Medicine." 
The group that was bombed, YPG, is among those supported with weapons and airstrikes by The United States.

Reuters says

&gt;The YPG has to date proved the most effective partner on the ground for U.S.-led air strikes against Islamic State.

http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/10/12/us-mideast-crisis-syria-kurds-idUSKCN0S60BD20151012

Also it is among the few non-jihadist groups in Syria. Not only that, but Kurdish militias are probably the only groups who seem to be tolerated by Russia. 

If you're an American/European and think that Turkey should stop supporting ISIS, you should try contacting your representative.


Erdogan coudln't be more pro-ISIS if he started wearing a hat made out of their flag.
Turkey is pathetic, instead of fighting ISIS they fight the kurds a people who deserve their own nation. If turkey just gave up the high populated kurdish areas they wouldn't be in this mess.
Stories like this remind me that /r/Worldnews can sometimes put a smile on your face.  I will be very interested to track this as it goes forward- I used to harvest shellfish very close to the Thimble Islands; I would love to see the water quality of western Long Island Sound improve and see the fisheries come back.
3.5 year sentence for slave ownership? seems like a pretty light sentence.
It's a good cause but Jesus Christ wearing Guy Fawkes masks is so cringe worthy these days.
Warner Bros. gets a cut out of every mask sold. 
Now let's all protest the establishment by dressing up as this champion of Catholic theocracy!

Edit: "We got the idea from a mainstream Hollywood movie!"
&gt; Her sponsor is refusing to give an exit visa if the case of assault if not withdrawn.

WTF. So she needs permission from the people who amputated her to even leave the country, that is just fucked up and they say slavery has been outlawed.

EXIT visa?
224 people on the plane that went down.

224 x 2 = 448 

Russia isn't going eye for an eye, they are going eye for 2 eyes
Seems to be a lot of "Russia did this, Russia did that (against ISIS)" news stories coming out of express.co.uk recently without much backing anywhere else.

Anyway, it means nothing, unfortunately. Air power does essentially nothing on its own. How many bombs have been dropped on ISIS in the past year? They mostly just expanded throughout that entire period. If every nation "committed" to the fight against ISIS deployed troops, something could maybepossiblyperhaps be done, but that seems unlikely. No one wants to get bogged down in it. 


Peacewalker is expensive man.
[deleted]
if you are a male and the sight of a woman moves you to transgress against her without her agreement, you aren't a man, you're an animal

there is no moral argument possible where the victim of rape is the cause. i don't care if a buck ass naked woman is in front of you, you have no permission to do anything to her unless she agrees

you, and you alone, are responsible for what YOU do. no moral claim is possible without this understanding


TL;DR

&gt;Our assessment is that it is a disposable vessel with a small bomb, **used to clear mines**. It is not likely that the explosives will detonate

&gt;The military refused to speculate in whether it could have be placed there by terrorists. More likely, there are historical explanations for its whereabouts, Johannes Hellqvist told SVT: ”This part of the Baltic has a whole lot of mines from World War II. It could have drifted away, and would then be here for perfectly natural reasons.”


Oh yeah, marginalize one of the most liberal segments of Israeli society, that'll show Netanyahu.
So when are they boycotting Saudi Arabia for its massacre of Yemeni civilians, or is it only bad when Israel does it?
And I'm boycotting Halo until they bring back local co-op.
Universities are places of coexistence in Israel

Example:

[Hebrew U. students say campus is model of coexistence:
Arab and Jewish students returning for fall semester claim university provides shelter from geopolitical storm.](http://m.jpost.com/Israel-News/Hebrew-U-students-say-campus-is-model-of-coexistence-426351#article=6017MDcwQTY0MzY5QTcwRDIyQjhGRDZBNzc3MTEwQ0JFQzI=)

Shame. They think they are taking some kind of moral high ground.
[removed]
343 scholars are missing the point of academic neutrality and open debate
Israelis are getting stabbed we'd better boycott them.
&gt;Last week, some 150 people from the British arts world signed a letter, also published in The Guardian, that came out against the BDS movement against Israel.

&gt;Star author of the Harry Potter series, J.K. Rowling, was among the signatories.

&gt;"We will be seeking to inform and encourage dialogue about Israel and the Palestinians in the wider cultural and creative community. While we may not all share the same views on the policies of the Israeli government, we all share a desire for peaceful coexistence," the letter read.

I already loved J.K. Rowling before, but now I like her even better. Go Christianity, go Israel, fuck the terrorists and terrorism supporters.


Better build a border fence, Americans will be heading down there in droves for tacos and pot.
It's weird that slavery still exists in today's society
For those who don't read the article, it is still on the way to being repaired and scientists predicted this.
This means the price of oil is about to go back up, doesn't it?
Haha that's impossible. Remember King Faisal? The guy who tried to control and withdraw oil from the western market in protest against Israel during the Arab-Israeli conflicts? He got 2 bullets in his face.

From whom? His nephew who returned from the US. Only he could get close to him. The official reason given - his nephew was infuriated that King Faisal brought 'anti Islamic' things to Saudi Arabia like television. Yeah a guy from the *US*. Everyone in the Middle East knows it was a CIA assassination. His successors were all timid and corrupt rulers.
You had me at "Ice Volcanoes".
This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://www.thehindu.com/news/international/28-terrorists-killed-in-chinas-xinjiang-province/article7900109.ece) reduced by 73%. (I'm a bot)
*****
&gt; Twenty eight terrorists linked to foreign militants have been killed in China&amp;#039;s restive Xinjiang province in one of the major operations in the area where Uyghur Muslims have a majority, authorities said on Friday.

&gt; The militants responsible for a deadly attack on a coal mine in September that killed 16 people were eliminated in a 56-day operation by police in the province, the information department of Xinjiang said in a statement.

&gt; China alleges that separatist East Turkistan Islamic Movement, an al-Qaeda affiliated outfit has become active in the province bordering Pakistan-occupied Kashmir and Afghanistan and carrying out violent attacks in Xinjiang and other parts of the country in which scores killed and injured.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/3tk44k/28_terrorists_killed_in_chinas_xinjiang_province/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ "Version 1.6, ~15767 tl;drs so far.") | [Theory](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept/) | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr "PMs and comment replies are read by the bot admin, constructive feedback is welcome.") | *Top* *five* *keywords*: **Xinjiang**^#1 **killed**^#2 **attack**^#3 **Group**^#4 **China**^#5
In comparison, the French media has always been critical to Chinese anti-terrorist efforts. [**Here is an article written by French reporter Ursula Gauthier published on "Le Nouvel Observateur" after the Paris attack, as a response to OP's story. She called the terrorism acts toward Chinese justifiable due to government "ruthless repression"**](http://tempsreel.nouvelobs.com/attentats-terroristes-a-paris/20151117.OBS9681/apres-les-attentats-la-solidarite-de-la-chine-n-est-pas-sans-arriere-pensees.html) Anyone from France please tell me how popular is this notion in everyday people?

This topic has become one of the most discussed in Chinese internet during the past 12 hours.


In the name of freedom, they'll take away your freedom.
I'm just gonna leave this here for people who think the Indian govt is shutting down Greenpeace ONLY cos they are getting in the way of our corrupt politicians

&gt;The most glaring example of violation according to MHA is that opening balance for 2008-09 which was reported as nil in the auditor's certificate was actually Rs. 6,60,31,783. Greenpeace India Society(GIS) claimed it to be a typographical error

http://www.thenewsminute.com/article/seven-reasons-listed-out-mha-freezing-accounts-greenpeace-india


EDIT: They basically didnt mention Rs 6 crore which is around a million dollars on their books and then tried to justify it as a "typo error"

How the fuck are ppl supposed to believe there isnt something underhanded going on and that these ppl are just innocent eco-warriors ?
No coal. No nuclear. No hydro. No mining activities. So what exactly does Greenpeace want developing countries to do?
Their idiocy destroyed parts of the Nazca lines. That sort of special stupidity should not be considered organized. Fuck Green Peace. Something that's survived for centuries and these morons destroy it in less than a day so they could take photos of themselves.
Really glad.Greenpeace are a joke
It's nice to see China taking up the challenge of finding even larger fundamental particles to improve our understanding of nature. Very exciting times indeed.
a super collider. made in china. gg civilization.
Stay away from windows and do not lean on walls during firefights. 
Which is why the police warned to stay away from your windows.
But Erdogan has to become the caliph! It's his self-proclaimed destiny! They can't have that with media exposing his corruption and ties to terrorists 
Other than low oil prices, why is Venezuela's economy so poor?  Don't they have agriculture, mining, manufacturing of any kind?
They'll blame the U.S somehow too
From the article:

&gt; two members of the Communist Party introduced the bill as a way to regulate Russian morality


&gt; "In the biological sense, not reproducing is the same as death, and in that sense homosexuality is a lethal threat for the whole of humankind."

I think its the other way around given the + 7 billion people (and still growing) on this planet.
Is not a world war if germany doesn't fight against the rest of the world and lose at the end
multiple countries fighting against a group with less people than rhode island does not constitute a world war. 
In world wars, nations fought one another. This isn't a world war, this is a bunch of nations fighting one group whom no nation officially supports. Pure rhetoric.
A literal war on drugs.
i always suspected somone was keeping these guys high. i had heard once meth was the drug of choice i just cant see how any one could go in to war zones like this in a rational fashion.. you need something.
Yeah, and when I say "Death to Obama", it really just means "repeal Obamacare"
[removed]
[removed]
Can someone provide a context for the exact translation of the phrase from the Farsi language? Many people who are unilingual (such as most Americans) are surprised to learn that language typically doesn't retain its original meaning when directly translated, expecially from a vastly different linguistic grouping.
[removed]
Jeez rather than picking apart iran for their crimes, why don't we rejoice that at least Iran is sympathizing with us. The agreement that isis did something inhumane is a step closer to compromise
These comments are saying, "Iran still does bad things. Iran still does bad things. Don't forget Iran still does bad things!"

I don't think anyone's mistaking Iran for a shining beacon of liberal democracy. But this is a good thing that could help progress to a stable working relationship between the West and Iran, which would be beneficial for the peoples of both places. People need to stop expecting that everybody we have to deal with is going to be a good guy. You work with the world have, not the one you wish to have.
Cool for him.

Edit: Killing the gays in your country is pretty much a crime against humanity as well.
Does he get compensation?
It's really shameful that Congress prevented the closure of this abomination. 
if you're interest is to make people hate you and attack you, this is it.

Still don't have the final numbers, but it looks like AKP will still be a few seats shy of the 330 required for a constitutional referendum. Seems enough MHP and HDP voters reverted to AKP.

EDIT: Past midnight here in Istanbul and it's pretty much done. Results:

* AKP - 49.38% - 316 seats (+58 from June)
* CHP - 25.41% - 134 seats (+3)
* MHP - 11.94% - 41 seats (-38)
* HDP - 10.69% - 59 seats (-21)
RIP Turkey
%70 of Turks in Netherlands voted for AKP. How the fuck you manage to live in one of the most liberal countries in the world but vote for an Islamist back home.
/r/iwantout
How the hell are people still voting for this reactionary mainiac?
I have never been more disgusted by my own people and nation than today. Well fucking done 
This is the worst possible result for Europe, Turkey and the Middle East.
&gt;"**It cannot be that we don't know who is coming to Germany and what these people are doing here.** This situation must be brought to an end by any means. 

Pretty sad that a tragedy is needed for them to realize this.
I'm sorry, but iirc so many people were demanding that rich nations take in refugees. I mean, it was the majority of Reddit. People who could think for themselves saw this coming from miles away. 

&gt;The Donald claims wave of migrants fleeing the Middle East could be 'a great tactical ploy by ISIS'


Lots of people on Reddit said this would happen, they said that suicide bombers were literally dancing across borders and laughing their way into the most vulnerable parts of Europe, and they said this exact type of attack WOULD HAPPEN.

Who also had the common sense to see this would happen, it was ***Mr. Donald Trump***. He constantly said it on talk shows -- and the liberal media called him a bigot. They mocked him. I think Trump is nuts and wrong about a lot of shit but thank god he does not give a shit about the PC police. 

http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3255742/I-m-putting-notice-Trump-pledges-deport-Syrian-refugees-elected-saying-ISIS-fighters.html

Why should Poland sacrifice their entire identity and become a minority in their own country for people who never helped them and will only bring their shitty cult with them?
Now if the whole EU said this and organized ships back, that would be a start

&gt;Tens of thousands of young men disembark from their rubber dinghies with iPad in hand and instead of asking for drink or food, they ask where they can charge their cellphones.

&gt;we send our soldiers to fight in Syria while hundreds of thousands of Syrians drink their coffee in (Berlin's) Unter den Linden"

Yeah, those refugees got it so good! 
Same in Canada.

Children from immigrant parents are far more likely to earn advanced degrees.


It would make sense if most of your immigrants gained entry for having a educated/skilled background. Their parents may have been more educated therefore they'll make their children do the same. When you think about, every family is like it's own micro-culture that values different things and may have different kinds of influences.

The native population represents the normal human range of personal backgrounds, talents, beliefs, etc.

The immigrant population represents a self-selecting group of people whose ability to legally attain citizenship in a wealthy first world country is a low pass filter that sort of picks out the people most likely to be successful. Even if they spend a temporary period of time in poverty or were not strictly highly educated these are generally people with the traits to be successful.

Compare normal legal immigrants to refugees or people who gained residency without going through the rigorous process, or compare any kind immigrant to the people they left behind in their home country.

Nothing too surprising. The ethnic groups are more likely to push their children into higher education since that typically is seen as a way to an easier life. Their parents likely to have carried over the drive to succeed since, well, it's a tremendous amount of effort to immigrate to the UK.


The poorest White British residents are in a sort of a catchment area where everyone tends to perform badly (and are in poverty), and this is generational. They don't see university as a possibility or a window to more opportunity because well, nobody else they socialise with would like to attempt to go there. Their families might be rooted in the area with property and jobs, so the children would not want to leave. The initial step of somebody going to a university is the hardest - their children are more likely to follow them if they do, and their grandchildren, and so on.
It would be amazing if they found [the Amber Room](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amber_Room).
You know they will open up a failed experiment that will doom the world
France should consider naming their next warship Bataclan. 
Good for them.

Glad they don't stop being active because that's actually what the terrorist would want : silence Western culture.
One does not simply ask for US ground forces 
hahaha "We don't NEED or WANT US ground forces!...we just need millions of dollars worth of their equipment and supplies...and bunch of air strikes...and like, their spy intelligence...but other than that, we don't need you America!" -Haider al-Abadi
I always imagine one such spacecraft plunging into Enceladus and broadcasting images of weird fish. 

Question : A planet that has no atmosphere, but a sea of water, can our fish live in that water?
[deleted]
I don't understand this at all.

"93 per cent effective tax rate" means that you earn 1 dollar and get to keep 7 cents of it, doesn't it?

None of the examples are even close to that.

Can someone explain where the 93% comes from?
This was struck down by the House of Lords.

http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/oct/27/tax-credit-cuts-lords-could-not-stomach-osborne
I understand the villagers.  Orangutans are extremely strong, and just because they're intelligent doesn't mean they aren't wild animals, and therefore potentenially dangerous.  *Especially* a mother protecting her young.

You look at her and see an emaciated, desperate mother thankful for rescue - but you don't know how scared you'd be to see a desperate, terrified orangutan coming out of the jungle towards you or your family.  And keep in mind that picture was taken *after* she was given an anesthetic.

Is it *sad* that they attacked her? Yes.  But it's not *evil* or even *unreasonable*.

I think we can be happy the resources were available to rescue the two animals without villifying the villagers.
This is turning into some shitstorm of "I left school at this age and I earn $$$ a year"

No one is saying if you leave school you will amount to nothing, there are trades and many other avenues. The year 12 part is not surprising, and I am of the opinion that not all people should be in year 11 and 12, as they are suited to other things (like trades).

The reading part is the worrying bit.
Gotta get that year 12 Ricky. 
Meh it sounds bad but most students who don't go on to complete year 12 get an apprenticeship and traineeship and end up earning like 80k anyway. Thats the beauty of Australia.
Great news. Gives them control of the main highway between Mosul and Raqqah. The Peshmerga have been extremely productive with their US aid. 
This is a pretty big deal in the war against ISIS, but this subreddit has pretty much ignored this battle. 
Good idea, take away their Stim-Packs.
How are people disagreeing with this? Of course the drone war stirs up hatred and resentment of the United States in these countries. Drone's allow us to invisibly drop bombs of death that kill indiscriminately from the sky. 

For every terrorist we kill in a drone strike we breed 100 more for each civilian that's killed as collateral damage. Of course we're seen as the enemy, we make it rain fucking death from the sky. Could you imagine if this happened in the United States or any other western country? If I lived in an area ravaged by drone strikes I'd be mad as hell and want retaliation too.
I 1000% don't want more US troops in that never ending collection of wars, but back in the day, if there was a sniper on a roof, a team had to go in and get him and the locals were happy the sniper was dead. Now they blow up the whole fucking neighborhood with drone/air strikes and the locals kneel in the rubble holding their dead friends and family yelling death to America.

At some point you have to strike a balance between keeping soldiers out of harms way and fighting an effective war.
You know what else has "fuelled hatred" and is being used as a "recruitment tool"? Cartoons. Fucking *cartoons*. And alcohol. And music. And sports. So fuck them. *Everything* "fuels hatred" for islamists. They can go suck some dicks. 
[deleted]
Jizya by the radical muslim gangs has been going on for more than 10 years, cause when I was in Belmarsh it was happening then.
why don't these retards just force those retards into isolation after jacking up their sentence? Its not hard to pull a bad apple from the bunch before it fucks it all up.
God help the Middle East.
TTIP is cancer.
If the TTIP is the best thing since sliced bread, for all parties involved, why is it a secret? Who would sign a contract without reading it first?
America won't like this.
Does anybody else find it completely bizarre that so many on Reddit insist the bomb theory is some US/UK conspiracy?

Even Russia, who *really* doesn't want this to be true, is giving enough credence to the theory to halt flights while the truth is sorted out. Russian state-funded news has reported on the bomb theory extensively. Russia, in a rare move, has even [requested the FBI assist in the investigation.](http://www.nytimes.com/2015/11/08/world/middleeast/russian-plane-crash-egypt.html?_r=0)

Sure, let's wait to hear more evidence become public, but really, is it that wild to believe a corrupt airport worker helped get a bomb on a plane for ISIS in an airport in Egypt? Sounds exactly like something ISIS would do.
0.01% it's crab people.
For those who won't read the article: The missile in question was launched by Egyptian military as part of military exercises. It was not ISIS/terrorists/bogeymen.
As an American, I think this is the sort of thing our military should be used for.
What is there to debate? They already agreed on our behalf without our consent or input. 
That seems like a great way to remind people why their money is worthless - put the reason right on the banknote!
It's probably less an act of defiance as an attempt by Russia to deflect public attention away from the dire economic news this quarter. 

Which by chance currently happens to be immediately below this story in /r/worldnews
The increased Revolt Risk from Overextension will hurt your tax income.
Middle Eastern and North African Muslims being anti-semitic? Who woulda thought? 

Keep in mind there are only 110,000 jews in germany, and this year alone 1,500,000 migrants...
It's a bit ironic how Europe drew the conclusion after WWII that they needed to have transparent borders and lead multicultural societies to avoid future conflict in the continent. Meanwhile, they're letting in people that don't exactly integrate well within their societies with some believing in radical ideologies that would topple Europe if the numbers ever got there. Ideologies that go against everything that Europe set out to protect, like democracy, free speech, gender equality, secularism. You can save refugees, but when you let in too many too quickly, it can destroy a society. 
Like Merkel gives a fuck about anything
[removed]
Plot twist: The German leadership still harbors rabid anti-semitic tendencies and are surreptitiously "out-sourcing" the persecution by importing anti-semites.

I doff my tin-foil cap to you all and bid you good day.
Lol okay are these the moderate ones?
-Beheadings ✓

-Caging humans ✓

-Executing captives with shotgun ✓

-Eating human organs ✓

-Threat minorities with genocide ✓

-Oil trade with ISIS ✓

-Alliance with al-Qaeda ✓


I wonder what is next for the "moderate" terrorists 
By Arab, he means anyone who is not as pale as him. 
If this is true, this guy is fucking retard. And i hope police will catch him before he will do something stupid.
This is exactly the kind of thing extremists would want. I hope its a hoax
He's white. Now, every white man including me must be psychos like this. We all should now be threats to everyone and kept eye on.

This is what it looks like when racists blame muslims or/and blacks.
Just so people know, this is not Oxycodone, the synthetic opiate.  This is Oxytocin, a hormone that occurs naturally in the body. This hormone plays a pretty big role in parturition and milk letdown. Oxytocin has also been linked to maternal bonding and easing anxiety. You can buy nasal spray online and I believe it's used to help breastfeeding mothers lactate. This seems like a pretty cool way to use it.
I just have this weird image in my mind of spraying someone with Oxytocin whenever they annoy me. 
Polish media say that at the time of court ruling Polanski was at the airport VIP lounge with a private plane ready to take off with him. He would probably flee the country if the court gave green light to his extradition.
"Mel Gibson *BAD.*  Roman Polanski **GOOOOOD!!!**"

- Hollywood
&gt; US wants extradition of director over conviction in 1977 for having sex with a 13-year-old girl

&gt; A Polish court has rejected a US extradition request for the film director Roman Polanski over his child sex conviction.

Can't bring yourself to call it child-rape, Guardian?
I see several travesties of justice here. First is the fact that this child rapist, who should be on par with Bill Cosby in the eyes of the public because he drugged his 13 year old victim, served 52 days of a 90 day sentence. Second is the fact that he only had a 90 day sentence despite how disgusting and heinous his actions were. And third that there are people defending him and making excuses for this child rapist. 90 days is not enough for this child rapist, and because you think the judge will hit you with a harder sentence is not a justified excuse for fleeing justice. 

Roman Polanski is a disgusting human being and should be shunned by the world. 
Now it's Egyptians too?
This is not gonna stop
The more immigrants you allow in the more will demand the right to move to your country. Look at America, every illegal immigrant given citizenship is allowed to bring in their families and this is actually the largest source of American immigration. The sad reality is that the people supporting immigration equate any resistance at all to full blown racism, and this ensures that there will never be a sane voice allowed to speak on the subject. 
He didn't say that. He said Assad is not THE BIGGEST enemy of France, ISIS is. 

There is a huge difference.

EDIT : he didn't really said that either, the article is misquoting him and this is more my interpretation of his speech than facts. Like LordZounds was saying in the comments, he said : 

&gt;"In Syria, we're looking for the political solution to the problem, which is not Bashar Assad. Our enemy in Syria is ISIL,"

Can't help but feel that removing Assad would be repeating the same mistake we made with Saddam.
"Syrian and Egyptian passports were found near the bodies of two of the attackers, with Greek officials suggesting that two of the suspects may have arrived in the European Union through Greece in recent months. "
here we go... lol 

edit: i was vague but my intention was to express dumbfoundedness at the greek officials speculating such a thing. and for the plant by the terrorists. sorry if it was initially interpreted another way.

Lol you're doing it wrong, France.  After 9/11 we let bin Laden's family all leave the US in spite of a ban on flying for everyone else.
I bet that was quite the image for him to see as he was dying. One of the people he was trying to kill trying to save his life. 
Now *there's* a drinking story for you.
Wow, Good on the attempted rescue. Those who run towards danger need to be respected. I would try but once I noticed the bomb there is a 99% chance I would shit myself.
Good.. I hope they catch anyone who had any sort of involvement and make an example of them..  
China, despite having 5x the population of the US, and doing the heavy manufacturing of most countries, only releases 7.4 tons of CO2 per capita, compared to the US's 16.6 tons per capita.

but lets keep that anti-china train rolling anyway
Honestly a breath of fresh air after reading so many terrorist news posts. Its nice to know good things are still happening. Granted it's not on the best circumstances, "Due to lack of people, we're making robots to do their job." A good step nonetheless.
This is the most Japanese news I've ever read this year.
Baymax will be real
Egypt's Pyramids illuminated with the colours of the flags **Russia France and Lebanon** in solidarity with the victims 

http://i.imgur.com/05p5Sy6.jpg

http://imgur.com/rt2QrCN
"I am not sad that my dad was murdered by ISIS," Almossa told CBC News during a Facebook chat, in a detached, matter-of-fact fashion. "Do you know how many fathers were killed by ISIS and the Syrian regime recently?"

Heavy 


&gt;was an agenda of forced assimilation.

With what lines? Advance Australia Fair is a very tame anthem. 

'With courage let us all combine

To Advance Australia Fair.'

Is that in anyway an insult to any religion? Does any religion say to not to improve the land where you live with your neighbors that you share the land with? 

Am I missing something? 
Hizb ut-Tahrir wants to establish an independent Islamic state with in Australia. A place where he and his friends can make up their own laws and disregard a country which has embraced them with open arms. 

He is shitting in our faces.
Englishman here interested in a bit of context. Is anyone actually 'forced to sing the national anthem' in school at the moment anyway? That seems a bit weird to me in and of itself. 
Would be a meh issue if it wasn't such a despicable lot with treacherous motives behind it. 
As a 2nd Gen Viet-Australian this really pisses me off. If you don't like it here, go back where you came from mate.


How about no child has to sing the national anthem? 
[removed]
Damn the Kurds are well equipped. 
This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/checkpoint/wp/2015/10/24/helmet-camera-footage-shows-joint-u-s-delta-force-kurdish-raid-to-rescue-islamic-state-hostages/) reduced by 84%. (I'm a bot)
*****
&gt; The raid, led by Kurdish Peshmerga special forces and supported by elite U.S. Delta Force soldiers, resulted in the death of Army Master Sgt. Joshua Wheeler, who was shot while moving to help pinned-down Kurdish forces.

&gt; The footage shows Kurdish and U.S. forces laying down covering fire while the prisoners move to safety - some are visibly bloodied.

&gt; According to Rudaw and U.S. officials, at least 30 U.S. soldiers participated in the raid along with more than 40 Kurdish commandos.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/3q5nwy/helmet_camera_footage_shows_joint_us_delta/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ "Version 1.6, ~9094 tl;drs so far.") | [Theory](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept/) | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr "PMs and comment replies are read by the bot admin, constructive feedback is welcome.") | *Top* *five* *keywords*: **Kurdish**^#1 **U.S.**^#2 **Force**^#3 **raid**^#4 **move**^#5
They make this promise about every week. 
Good luck. They will get lost and get robbed in South East DC. Or stuck in traffic for hours and have to turn back. 
Washington DC is the most militarized city I have ever experienced.  GL Daesh.
The residents of Lebanon, KS aren't sure whether to be relieved or annoyed.
Well then they obviously don't know that much about the geography of america.
Bring it. If there is one city that is more than amply-prepared for any kind of shenanigans like this, its DC. Just last week, the regional security/law enforcement teams had a drill, out of the blue, responding to a hostage situation. The response time: one minute, thirty seven seconds. Within two and a half minutes, the building had been swept and cleared.

Seeing as these response teams are based on the other side of the Potomac, I'd say that theres a very good chance they'll meet their 72 Virginians sooner than they'd like.
Can't these fucks let us wait for Star Wars in peace? Ffs.
See you guys in Vault 111.
Oh no, please don't target our esteemed members of Congress.  Our best and brightest, please god, anyone but them. 

Edit: no I don't approve of terrorists killing congressman, I just feel that if ISIS wants to find a viable target it should probably poll higher than 11%
Gulf War 3: The Desert Strikes Back
"There's a war going on in Iraq, if folks haven't noticed."

oh the fucking irony. 
Mission Accomplished
Dont worry, Hillary would change it all. She will close Gitmo and return troops home.
That would certainly rustle some jimmies.
Is there like a site that comes out with a top 25 terror groups every week like college football?

Do they have an 8 team or 4 team playoff?
An Islamic terrorists group overtook ISIS in terrorism, now that's a relief
Pretty sure Boko Haram swore allegiance to ISIS a while ago.
It seems that this is an effect of a lot of things:

* constant PR catastrophy that the currently ruling party's members were
* total inability of the left to convince their electorate to vote for them
* terrible leadership withing the ruling party where the current prime minister Ms Ewa Kopacz is a non-charismatic, mediocre speaker at the best
* a feeling of regret that the EU - and more specifically Germany - acted like it did with the immigration crisis (basically fucking over Hungary and now Slovenia with their come to us policy)

Congratulations to the Polish right - great strategic victory. Although not exactly my first choice.

*EDIT: forgot one thing - the media made a mess out of this and the former (preseidential campaign). Most of them were clearly taking sides - current government and pro-EU parties in general - while stating they are independent and impartial. And the Polish society simply acted as someone who knows is treated as an imbecile. Good luck trying to build back the trust.

EDIT 2: better formatting
Other European nations will eventually follow
I'ts common practice in ancient china,  3 generations were mass executed.  
Grand Father family and his sibling family  
Father family and his sibling family  
Offender family and his sibling family  
So no one can take revenge.
This article says north and south american countries are not present in the top 20, but Canada is listed as number 14. Bad job, article.
[US got 33rd place](http://images.businessweek.com/bloomberg/pdfs/WORLDS_HEALTHIEST_COUNTRIES_V2.pdf) for the American flavoured people here.
Being downgraded to A+ means Saudi Arabia is now in the same group as:

- Japan
- Israel 
- Ireland
- Slovakia

The outlook for those four is "stable" however.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_credit_rating
I can't wait until this horrible regime is finally punished for all the crimes it has caused the people of the Middle East and the Saudi people themselves.

When that wealth and power is gone they'd be hanged by the people and it will be totally deserved.
It's like when you tell a 5th grader not to do something so he takes it way too far in the other direction out of spite

"Ohh you think our sexism is barbaric? I'll show you barbaric!"
He's only been Assad's prisoner since 2012.. tortured and tried without council for "harming state security." You remember the good guy Assad right?

edit: and this is exactly way there was a popular uprising in Syria in 2011.. [because this] (http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/09/16/us-syria-idUSTRE78F1GG20110916).
"Al Arabiya, a Saudi-owned news company, reports that Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Kuwait, Qatar, and Egypt have led Arab nations in expressing solidarity with Paris and condemning the attacks."

Don't think I have heard more rubbish this year
[removed]
**Summary of stuff announced a few hours ago at DPS15 event which began today:** 

* Two possible cryovolcanoes, 3 to 6 kilometres high! Volcanoes on Pluto wouldn't spew out lava, but perhaps instead an ammonia/water slurry substitutes its place. The ammonia would act as an antifreeze, keeping the water liquid and allowing it to flow before freezing.

* Surface age varies immensely, 4 billion year old terrain adjacent to &lt;10 million year old Sputnik Planum aka "The Heart"? There is also 'middle aged' terrain which confirms that Sputnik Planum isn't just an anomaly; Pluto has been active since its formation.

* Pluto's atmosphere not as high as expected, more concentrated then predicted. Escape rate not very high.

* Only 1070 craters on the hemisphere facing the probe of any size have been identified. In comparison, there are over 181,000 craters on The Moon bigger then 1 kilometre. 

* Means small blocks were not the building blocks of the kuiper belt; kuiper belt objects must have accreted from larger planetesimals like asteroid belt. Increases likely hood that 2014 MU16- NH's next target which it will visit on Jan 1st 2019- is primordial material from birth of solar system. 

* 4 kilometre deep canyons at mid latitudes and weird similarly deep sublimation features near North pole.

* At least 2 of the four asteroid moons look like they are two moons fused together; Pluto may have had a lot more moons in the past

* [Almost all moons in the solar system are tidally locked, meaning they rotate at the same rate at which they orbit (like our Moon). However Pluto's moons are spinning chaotically and some even rotate backwards/upside down!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ei5aF6Bw56E)

----------------------------------------

Who could have predicted [mountains](http://pluto.jhuapl.edu/Multimedia/Science-Photos/pics/lorri-rider.png), [rivers](http://pluto.jhuapl.edu/Multimedia/Science-Photos/pics/Flow-Detail-HiPhase-9-17-15.jpg) of ice, [dunes](http://pluto.jhuapl.edu/Multimedia/Science-Photos/pics/Snakeskin-Detail.jpg), [blue skies](http://pluto.jhuapl.edu/Multimedia/Science-Photos/pics/Blue-Skies-on-Pluto-FINAL.jpg) and now [volcanoes](http://pluto.jhuapl.edu/Multimedia/Science-Photos/pics/Mountains1.jpg) on Pluto? Pluto really has gone beyond all expectations! And only 20% of the data has been sent to the ground by the spacecraft- who knows what new discoveries will be made?
These ISIS rats are getting killed everywhere now, it's great!
I wonder if the government will listen to these protesters...they must be protesting for a reason..when people are protesting they are concerned..and they should listen to the people.The government  needs to realise it is there to serve us not for us to serve them.People need to protest against a police state where mass  surveillance and civil liberties are becoming eroded year by year.
[deleted]
The vote was for Israel to be put on the "Peaceful Uses of Outer Space Affairs" committee.
The spin on this lol "In 1973, Egypt and Syria started a war against Israel that paved the way for peace talks between Egypt and Israel."
Maybe they'll label products made in sweatshops by children too
Quoting a comment on the page which I happen to agree with, by David in Wisconsin, "The fact that this is even an issue is ridiculous. I, along with many consumers (if not most) want to know where the products I purchase originate from. For example, I prefer to purchase U.S. made products over Chinese. And since the occupied West Bank, Golan, and East Jerusalem are not internationally recognized to be Israeli land, why in the world should any country allow Israel to put made in Israel on these products. It would be equally deceptive if products made by a U.S. company in China were labeled "made in the U.S."
Does the EU label goods coming from Turkish-occupied Cyprus? Or Chinese-occupied-Tibet? 

The completely disproportionate attention given to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict is reflected here as well. Many conflicts around the globe, but only Israeli settlement produced goods are labelled? 

I wonder why that is.
&gt;Israeli intelligence intercepts were reportedly being used by American and British intelligence agencies in order to assess the fate of the Russian jetliner that crashed in the Sinai Peninsula last week, CNN reported on Sunday.
 

&gt;The report quoted a US official briefed on the intelligence, as well as a diplomatic source, who told the TV network that Israeli intelligence officials provided American and British intelligence agencies with intercepted communications between Islamic State terrorists about the crash.
You can never win with you guys.

Everyone is complaining that Israel is useless and waste your tax dollars.

When they do something VERY importent like this, you still have a way to spin it to make Israel look bad.
Headlines of the future! 

"Common Asthma Drug Cost Raised to $750 per Puff!"
I am still at a loss to explain how this entitled, ignorant twat was elected.....again.
Cunts. 
If Russians are complaining how crap it is.. We should listen
Many urban McDonald's are like this.

When I worked at Target in the little cafe area we'd tolerate, up to a point, certain people who'd use the seating area and power outlets all day. Management did NOT like this of course, so we kind of judged it based on how hygenic the people were. If they generated a complaint they had to leave.
There is a petition already set up to oppose this https://petition.parliament.uk/petitions/111448. I really hope people come together and stand against this :(


Good bye privacy.

But silly me, how dare I want to live in a world where the Government isn't constantly monitoring me. It must mean I want the terrorists to win.

And yes, I know you're reading this in some data centre somewhere. Bring it, I ain't coming quietly.

Remember about a decade back when we were told that $50/barrel oil would kill the world economy because it will be too expensive?

Now we're being told that $50/barrel is too cheap.

Funny, that.
A bit of political context from a venezuelan:

This is probably a very political and *personal* attack at the owner of the site. There are many other competing sites that also track the black market exchange rates and they have never been attacked. Dolartoday has been in the government crosshairs for years.

I say its personal because its completely useless at stopping anything. All the site does is poll forex establishments in Colombia (Basically the only place in the world where people will take bolivares), calls them up every day, asks what the bolivar is trading at and then publishes the average. Simple as that.
This isn't new.  Assad as been doing this for years while the world has been pinging between "Why doesn't the U.S. do something" and "U.S. should stop meddling"
But because of nuclear weapons we are enjoying the most peaceful time in human history...
"At least it's not us"

'- Australia
It's all that god damned money they spend at Costco in border cities. Beginning of the month they're packed with those floppy headed, beady eyed Canucks.
Do you guys remember when sending in soldiers to shoot people was called a war? I don't either, but I've heard stories.
Considering a US soldier died the other day in a firefight/raid, I'm gonna go with the US is already participating in "direct action on the ground."
1. Sell weapons to Saudi Arabia
2. Military Industrial Complex Profit
3. Saudi Arabia sells weapons to al-dickwad terrorist group
4. Destabilize region
5. "We need to bring peace to the region"
6. Give money to Military Industrial Complex to build and supply more weapons
7. Military Industrial Complex Profit
8. Go to war
9. Cantwin.jpg 
10. Give money to Military Industrial Complex to hire Private security  firms to do what the army cant
11. Region still unstable
12. Repeat

You could make a monopoly-esque board game from this situation 
What year is this? Seriously have we learned nothing?

Actually, I take that back; we've learned everything. Wars make money for some very influential people, it distracts from the issues at home, and it unites the voters around the ideas of 'patriotism' (_obedience_) to _the Country_. A war is never about _'protecting Americans'_, in fact its probably the worst way to do it. 

Maybe America should invade America, build infrastructure, schools, and jobs for the locals. Win hearts and minds there first.
&gt;Send Diplomatic Insult

*click*

&gt;Mission completed! +5 prestige and +25 military power.

"My Calipha, the bastards in Israel declared war upon us! Prepare for battle... They cite "Diplomatic Insult" as their Casus Belli!"

[_](/s "worth it")
Yeah, go fuck with Israel please. See how that turns out for you morons.
Israel's position in Israel is not precarious. Talking about their position (Jews living in Israel) as anything else is just for TV/Media drama.

This like saying Christians are going to get kicked out of the United States.  
On behalf of Jews everywhere: HA! Good fucking luck :) If the majority of Arab nations, in concert with each other, couldn't take out Israel... ISIS won't be able to, either. If anything, any attacks from ISIS against Israel will invite doom on to ISIS. As of yet, nobody's flown an Apache helicopter into ISIS' front yard and started shooting up their leaders with hellfire missiles. Once they poke Israel, shit's gonna be on like Donkey Kong.
Am Yisrael Chai
Oh Russia, as if there was any chance of anyone believing you didn't kill those people. 
anything that promotes personal freedom and individualism is under attack, with the guise of protection. Look at what happened to the US and the so called "patriot" act. This is just an extension of the same. They will attack encryption, privacy, and make spying on every conversation, chat, email, and account the "new normal".
Them (to paraphrase after 9/11):  "We need some new, *temporary* government powers to stop terrorism."

Us:  "Ok."

Them (to paraphrase after teh Snowden leaks):  "Ok, so those powers weren't just temporary and we've been illegally spying on you, but we need to do it to stop terrorism."

Us:  "Ugh... but ok."

Them (to paraphrase after the most *recent* terrorist attack that spying failed to stop):  "We cannot stop terrorism unless you give up your right to uncensored and private communications."

Us:  "Ok."

What will they tell us they need after the *next* attack?

...
The article states some new interesting information:

- days before the incident, a U.S. official asked MSF if the hospital had any Taliban fighters in the building in which MSF replied that there were none

- according to a Green Beret officer who had seen the investigation report about the incident, MSF said that they had personnel in the trauma center while the report also added that the facility was under Taliban control 

- the report also mentions that coordinates of the hospital were sent to "all friendly forces" and that among the U.S. objectives for the next day was to "clear the trauma center" of enemy forces

- a senior U.S. defense official said another hospital run by Afghanistan's health ministry (a short distance away from the MSF trauma center) had been overrun by the Taliban when they seized the city

- U.S. special operations analysts were gathering intelligence on the MSF hospital, including indications that it was being used by a Pakistani operative to coordinate Taliban activity

- according to two people who had seen the investigation documents, the Green Berets had asked the Air Force to conduct surveillance flights over the hospital while being aware that it was a protected medical facility

- the intelligence gathered suggested the hospital was being used as a Taliban Command Center and may have stored heavy weapons


God dammit, Pakistan, you were always such a calm, turmoil free country that never caused any conflict with anyone, whatsoever.  What happened?

#/s
Besides the people that died, or were injured in the bomb attacks of 2005, the country carried on regardless.  I don't know what it is, something we learned from history (the Blitz is what I instantly think of), or just our general attitude, but I was in London the week after the bombing, and before the second attempt, if anything everyone was more observant of anything weird going on.

Even if they did attack Britain again, they won't bring my homeland to it's knees, they would just make us more resolved, and determined to see an end to the Daesh.
budget time must be coming up
Critical line from half way down the article.

&gt;Most of the C919's critical systems including engines and avionics are being supplied by Western companies or foreign-Chinese joint ventures.

The commercial viability of modern airliners depends on the engines.  Air frame design is fairly well understood.  The weak point of Russian and earlier Chinese airliners were their fuel guzzling engines.  While the Chinese have a domestically produced engine under development the aircraft they rolled out was using Snecma/GE build engines.
"Most of the C919's critical systems including engines and avionics are being supplied by Western companies or foreign-Chinese joint ventures."
Good. More competition is a good thing. Competition forces companies to improve their services and products. Monopolies are dangerous.
You people can nitpick about chinese quality all you want, all industrialized nations started pretty low with regards to security. They all had to overcome these hurdles and they managed to do so.

My country is the best example. Back then in the early 19th century german engineers were infamous for copying british designs and they demanded the label 'Made in Germany' to distinguish german built machines from theirs because german quality was so bad. Soon after that label became a garant for quality products.

If chinese airlines meet the requirements for european airspace and they have a good service record, then I'll gladly fly in a chinese plane. If it's cheaper then all the better.
Sikhism hold that helping others in need is fundamental to their religion. I've nothing but respect for Sikhs. This is what religion should be all about. It is one of the only religions I actually respect enough to not want argue with. 


It was false alarm. They were part of a humanitarian convoy.

Source in Dutch :

 http://m.hln.be/hln/m/nl/32616/Terreurdreiging-in-Belgie/article/detail/2532381/2015/11/21/Bebaarde-mannen-op-snelwegparking-opgepakt-blijkt-humanitair-konvooi.dhtml

Edit : translation

A large police action took place this afternoon (saterday in belgium)  near Bergier. This was reporter by the local police and confirmed by La Libre Belgique (belgian newspaper). It is reporter as a false alarm, concerning the terrorist threats.

Around saterday 2PM, The police of Waver got reports of three suspicious old ambulances with bearded men bevind the wheel, parked on the highway near Bierges , going to Namen.

The three vehicled, with British numberplates, were searched. Only food, clothes, money and medicen were found, says the police chief of Waver.

These persons were arrested and brought to the police station. “The arrested persons are part of a' humanitarian convoy to Turkey. Something that had nothing to do with the terrorist” said the police of Waver


2016 is gonna be interesting
&gt;In France troops were guarding water facilities around Paris today as the fear of a chemical attack intensified.

&gt;The capital’s state-run water company, has increased the amount of chlorine added to supplies.

This is telling. It's gone beyond the cautions and warnings stage; they're already adding extra disinfectant to the water supply in Paris. 
Does this mark the beginning of NATO and Russia working together against Daesh? I have been hoping this would happen for a long time. 
All these crisises in the middle east, rife with sectarian violence, has proven that middle easterners can't govern themselves democratically. I'm actually thinking it would be in the Wests best interests to reverse the efforts of the Arab Spring (propping up pro West puppet dictatorships with an emphasis on educating the population) and support the dictators, such as Assad, because at least that brought about more stability in the regions and thus localized the issues. If Assad falls, the rebels will bring in Sharia and start spouting Anti Israeli and Anti West sentiments. 
Perpetual war
No No No fucking NO!
Fuck my country, really ashamed to me an American sometimes.
Cool.

Call me when you get past [1 quadrillion](http://www.dailyfinance.com/2010/06/09/risk-quadrillion-derivatives-market-gdp/)
Honest statement:

"After checking with the propaganda department, I realized that the Grand Mufti comment meant to incite hatred of Palestinians was actually backfiring on us. Therefore, what I said was true is no longer true."
&gt;He went on: “Contrary to the impression that was created, I did not mean to claim that in his conversation with Hitler in November 1941 the Mufti convinced him to adopt the Final Solution..."

He's still lying. That's exactly what he meant to claim. He's just back-pedalling because so many people called him out for spreading this hateful nonsense.
Oh right so Bibi tells a bold face Holocaust denial lie in person and the "retracts" it over a Facebook post? Talk about an insincere move.

Edit: I understand Bibi didn't deny the Holocaust but his lie falls into the he same realm as Holocaust denial.
It's ridiculous to assert the U.S. targeted a hospital for no reason.  It was either a gross mistake (failure of intel, etc.) or the U.S. was nefariously handed bad targeting data.  The PR fallout from destroying an MSF hospital was easy to predict beforehand.  So, in the end, the only story that makes sense was that this was a mistake or someone fucked with the U.S. by giving them poor targeting info., intentionally. 
I think this situation warrants investigation, but it's pretty laughable to think that MSF can tell the difference between fighters and civilians when nobody else can.
Please UK, PLEASE tell them to go fuck themselves?
I suppose the Saudis could send across a bunch of young airplane pilots with box cutters,  like they did to the USA. 
A country should always have firm control over their borders. 
Sorry if I sound naive and out-of-touch on this subject, but when did walking into a country en. mass and demanding food, education and shelter become 'a thing'.

Has the world gone completely mad!
Finally, we have been completely overrun and our politicians have not cared about the country but only their career. Now when we are on the brink of losing control and they make a little change. We haven't had worse politicians since Christian the tyrant was thrown out in 1521.

These politicians don't give a crap about immigrants. They don't want to live with them. It is just a big circle jerk where people borrow fortunes to live in a white neighborhood and then say they love immigration IRL.
Sweeden is the perfect example of what happens when you don't have a healthly Conservative equivalent to your Liberal element.  The two must exist together for a nation to stay great.  The two sides refine each other.
Even though inside I knew it was impossible, I was still hoping that there was a small remote island out there where 1000 bikini clad women were trying to relocate to the united states
Seems fair. That's not many people and we did sort of, you know, nuke their home and stuff. And the U.S. *might* have put slightly more carbon in the atmosphere than Bikini Islanders over the years. 
&gt;Up to the age of 40, there is very little difference between the earnings of men and women.
But beyond that age, when more women are likely to have taken time out to raise families and work part-time, there is a significant gap.

I'm failing to see how this is an issue. Women get equal pay for equal work and experience, until they no longer meet the same criteria, at which point they get paid less. 

This seems to be a case of equal opportunity vs equal outcome. I wonder what the statistics would be if you removed the individuals who take time off for raising children. 

In addition, by forcing companies to disclose performance bonuses, you are really just forcing them to do away with bonuses altogether. In all the jobs I have ever worked, bonuses and raises are tied to performance. If you perform better than a person with the same description, you get a better bonus/raise. By forcing disclosure you are going to instigate complaints, and then HR is going to just do away with performance bonuses altogether.
So what if it's performance based bonuses and men happen to do better than women?
Will they also publish their work schedules?


If Jack gets a higher bonus than Jill is that discrimination?


What if it's found Jack worked most weekends and holidays and averaged 70 hours per week while Jill only worked 35 hours, took every holiday and a few months off for maternity leave.



Men don't get to take time off to raise children and come back to work years later as if nothing happened. If a man stops working for a month or two they have to hide it in their resume or risk getting passed over. In general, they don't even have the option to take time off at all to raise children unless they are very wealthy. Women have way more flexibility in their lifestyle choices and still complain nonstop. 
This is the kind of shit I like to see!  Protesting ISIS and not "the evil Western media!11!" and "oh you're discriminating against me by praying for Paris!11!!"

Thank goodness.
Look at that, JOBS! Checkmate technophobes 
why are they called refugees if they were leaving from turkey to bulgaria, they were just illegal imigrants.
Al Jazeera propaganda. If they were refugees they'd have stayed in Turkey. They're just migrants.
Yep. The China/US/Russia superteam has now been formed.
&gt;"We are not saying that Assad should leave or stay," she added.

&gt;Whether Mr Assad stayed or stepped down was not critical for Russia, but that it was up to the Syrian people to decide his fate

This was Russian position from the day 1. And it did not change through out the conflict. Do journalists really have such a short memory?

For example:

[Reuters article from 19th June 2015](http://uk.reuters.com/article/2015/06/19/us-russia-putin-assad-idUKKBN0OZ1IZ20150619):

&gt;Putin **reiterated** Russia's line that it is up to the **Syrian people to decide the fate of Assad**, adding Russia would not call on him to step down. But he said Russia would urge Assad to work with a "healthy" opposition on political reforms.


Here's an [article from 28th June 2012](https://english.alarabiya.net/articles/2012/06/28/223322.html):

&gt;“We do not support and cannot support any kind of meddling from outside, the imposition of recipes. This applies to **the fate of Bashar al-Assad. It, this fate, must be decided by the Syrians, the Syrian people themselves**,” Lavrov told a briefing, according to Reuters.



Sounds like the prelude to a Tom Clancy novel.
Those aren't islands. They're artificial structures built illegally by the Chinese. 

The Chinese can deal with the fact that just because you build an island doesn't mean it is an island. Any larger country could take territory from smaller countries if we allowed them to get away with this.
Support for Merkel's policies is tumbling, but she's still very popular among the general population:

&gt; The share of Germans who are satisfied with Merkel’s handling of her job fell 9 percentage points to 54 percent in the Infratest Dimap poll, the lowest since December 2011, broadcaster ARD said in a statement Friday.

http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-10-02/merkel-approval-rating-drops-to-four-year-low-on-refugee-crisis
"Thousands.....5000 people....."

let me put that numbers in some context for you.
I'm from cologne germany (1 Million people) and once a week I'm working as a volunteer for the "Kölner Caritas".
We are collecting clothes,we visit people to collect furniture and food.
There are about 5-10 different charitable organisations in cologne and I am just ONE from 500-1.700 volunteers.

Thats 500/1.700 people in Just ONE city spending their time helping other people and its just ONE from 10 charitable organisations in town.
Not counting all the Firemen,Nurses and Doctors  working as volunteers.

But the media is going batshit crazy because there are 5000 people (from the whole country!)on an anti refugee demo....while at the same time there are ~~hundreds of thousands~~ literally MILLIONS of german people volunteering all over the country to help and they don't want a thing for it.....


edit: some numbers, worldnews loves numbers

number of people volunteering in germany :

There are 13,4 MILLION people volunteering and 68% of them are working at least 5 hours a week. 

But all it takes for the media and the world to think WW III and Nazis are back, are 5000 idiots from a political party that won't last a decade....


edit2:

just downvote me

Remember dear Helmut  WE are 13 Millions BUT you guys are just a few Bus-loads full of human garbage


edit3:

 its adorable helmut and his friends are downvoating  all my comments, oh no my sweet sweet karma....topkeklel....remember dear Helmut,if you are a good person you don't need to worry about your karma.
You only have to worry about karma if all you do is spreading hate and violence



edit4: 

for the narrow-minded chucklefucks:
you may not have noticed but I wrote !NOTHING! about Angela Merkel!
Just about how Helmut and his 5000 retarded stone age friends think they are germany.
This is not about politics! It's about behaving like a human being!



Edit5: 

Bring it on Helmut!Show me your german Angst! Be a hero!

Only 8 more to go from 30 upvotes!

Come on Helmut! You can do this! Show the world you need no arguments! You are as strong as Krupp-Stahl !





edit without a number: 



Wow, okay....thank you ver very much for the gold!
I'm gonna give it to the first redditor who can proof he's volunteering to help other people.
But I'm a former ex-lurker so I have no idea how to check this.....pm me or something like that?

one last thing!
you don't see the media writing about how most of germanies charitable orgnisations stopped collecting food and clothes because they already have enough! 
enough for the millions of refugees heading to europe and enough for the hundred-thousands of german people who also are in need.

its amazing how much people want to help!
The storages are full, we could equip a whole fukken country with clothes for the winter!

Don't believe all that hatred!

We humans are caring and sharing beings.

The real sad thing is that there are people out there who read comments like mine and start hating.
There are people on this world who would probably kill someone just for caring about other people.....the same people of course are only crazy/mad because they think nobody cares about them....but its just so fucked up.....
If it's not giant spiders or ultra venomous  snakes, it's holes in the goddamn ozone layer. What's your problem, Australia?
It's 2015 and we have anti-intellectuals parading their hunches like they are an elite with some inside knowledge.  Why are there morons claiming in this thread that the ozone hole is no big deal?  Why are they tying this to climate change as some sort of over arching conspiracy theory of the scientific community trying to dupe the whole world?
&lt;div class="md"&gt;&lt;p&gt;It&amp;#39;s 2015 and we have anti-intellectuals parading their hunches like they are an elite with some inside knowledge.  Why are there morons claiming in this thread that the ozone hole is no big deal?  Why are they tying this to climate change as some sort of over arching conspiracy theory of the scientific community trying to dupe the whole world?&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Provincial morons.  &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
The line "told you so" comes to mind...

At least they caught one...
She's making a terrible mistake, and for no good reason. I'm all about helping humanity, but there is a tremendous degree of short-mindedness afoot here.
I was always under the impression that elected officials of a nation were supposed to look after the interests of their people, rather than embark on what will ultimately prove to be a hopelessly futile quest to save the world. I guess I had it all horribly, horribly wrong. 
Strange how Germans find it hard to place themselves somewhere in the middle. They did for a while but now, 70 years after the world got rid of their mad man, they are now following a mad woman in a diametrically opposite direction - a suicide that can have serious ramifications for all other European nations. 
What an absolute moron
Jesus Christ this woman is either blind or dumb
Extremists came to Germany through innocent refugees, terrorist attack happens, Neo-Nazis uses this to bolster their support, Nazis take over Germany again.


Nice job Merkel.
She is a disease and a traitor to all of Western Europe. 

Nice posturing there Spain. 
Arrest warrant for Netanyahu over the Mavi Marmara raid?

Someone should inform the judge that the Mavi Marmara was done by the IHH, a Turkish organization that supports ISIS, whose members have gotten killed fighting ISIS. 


No mention of Abbas for inciting violence?  Oh that's right, double standards.
Does Israel pay a monthly salary to each Israeli who kills Palestinians? No. The PLO does. Spain, Sweden and some European countries are being hypocrites when it comes to Israel but I would rather dismiss it as naïveté than pure antisemitism 
Seriously fuck Indonesia. It was hell wearing contact lenses when I was in KL recently and the air just smells of forest fire smoke. 
And I forgot to mention this:
&lt;div class="md"&gt;&lt;p&gt;And I forgot to mention this:
They once warn their neighboring countries that do not tell the world regarding this issue.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
We seem to ignore Africa.
From the article:

&gt; When asked if he agreed that al-Qaida in Afghanistan had been behind the 9/11 attacks in New York and Washington DC, Karzai replied: “I can tell you for a fact that the operation was neither conducted from Afghanistan, **nor were the Afghan people responsible for that.”**

The last part is unquestionably true. 

They have paid a bitter price, nonetheless.




Well considering that China is pretty much Japan's biggest trading partner, and Japan is China's 3rd largest trading partner, I am not very surprised.

*Nations have no permanent friends or enemies, only permanent interests.* - Lord Palmerston 
Hmm I dunno, they might just turn against us, with our guns. 


He really doesn't understand the concept of refugees.  These are people that are fleeing because they don't want to engage in conflict.  
I almost feel like this is /r/nottheonion worthy

EDIT: phone-grammar issues
[deleted]
Rouhani seems like a decent guy in many respects. Too bad the ultimate authority in the country rests with Ayatollah Khamenei. These sorts of arrests are all too common in Iran. It's to be expected with the current regime in place, fostering the Revolutionary Guard, which can basically do as it pleases, the president be damned.

For some odd reason Khamenei amuses the hell out of me, though. His queen bee personality is very funny, especially when he takes to Twitter and commands the Twittersphere with his boisterous statements. Kind of a dick, though.
The Pope is right on this one.

Look at 100s of Millions of grown men calling for the destruction of a country of 8 Million.

Israel was often used as a diversion by totalitarian regimes to deflect from their shortcomings. Then it became a way for groups to differentiate themselves (always going deeper into the hate). Now it's just a background noise in most of the Middle East and nobody there really cares about Palestine anymore.

Somehow destroying Israel would solve all the region's problems. LOL.
I believe Israel has a right to exist just as I believe Palestine does.  A majority of Israels citizens live their entire lives in Israel, expelling them would be as bad as expelling Palestinians was.

The problem is that both Likud and Hamas benefit from conflict so neither are serious about negotiations.
A majority of Muslims in Egypt support the death penalty for people who leave Islam.

Egypt, and Muslims in general, need to realize killing someone because they left your religion is seen as an "extremist attack" to the civilized world.
Just because terrorists also kill Muslims, don't mean you have to dissociate the two. They are perfectly content in killing their own, which makes this that much scarier. This is about the stupidest argument I have ever heard. 
Jihad is in the book.  The prophet was the original jihadi and practiced murder and genocide.  Sorry, but you can't seperate Islam and the legacy of jihad.
I would hardly call 3.22% "soaring".

Most stocks were down on Friday, and they are back up today. It's the regular movement of the market. 
But enough about the tourists.
&gt;“In these days, when terror is on the rise and coexistence is undermined, it’s important to lower the flames between citizens of the country, and there is no better way to do that than by understanding each other’s language to understand the culture and mentality of 1.5m. Arab citizens of Israel and hundreds of millions of Arabic-speakers in the Middle East,” Hazan stated.
Sounds sensible
It's really sad we need people we don't elect to protect us from the ones we do.

"The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter." - Winston Churchill
"If you have nothing to hide, then you have nothing to fear", Nazi Propoganda Minister. 
Beautiful. We need more of this.
[deleted]
To all the people wondering why a startup is "hindered" in Germany and the regulations are "anti-startup" the main concern is, that Uber drivers would have to obey the rules for personal transport which apply to taxis etc. They are rather strict and Uber refuses to adhere to those rules, therefore they have problems in Germany. Anyone can have a successful startup, as long as you adhere to the rules. 
There are rules in Germany regarding people transportation. For instance for taxi business. Rules like, that taxi drivers have to get a taxi driver licence which is not easy to get. Drivers have to have medical checks regularly. Cars have to be checked regularly and modified to transport people. All passengers are insured once they enter taxis. The driver is registered and he can't fake his id. And other rules I don't know. 

All of these rules are for safety and all of them increases prices obviously. I don't like that some startups selling themselves innovative and as next big thing but what they do is just a pirate version of a known business. 
"Complex, harsh regulations" = The law everybody else has to follow.
Sweden has always been in a bit of a socialist dreamland where "everyone is nice" and "anything can be sorted out with group hugs and handouts".    The problem is when the rest of the world and the bulk of human history has been the complete opposite of this.  Unfortunately in terms of change, there will be kicking and screaming even when the facts clearly show reality doesn't match their ideal.  
It will take many deaths, hate preachers and sharia wannabies before any real decisions are made.  
Huge pity as the Sweden is so nice, will be sorry to see it hurt.

tl;dr - Don't let devils into heaven.
Add that to thinks I didn't think we needed a law about. 

&gt;While doctors claimed it was simply medical teaching, others were outraged that male and female patients hadn't given their permission

...

&gt;hey didn't ask for permission because patients "might say no"

...

&gt;"Before the operation, we were told we could make a vaginal examination when the patient was asleep. We all took turns without asking any questions," she said.
Talk about your doctors without borders.
Awwww poor little smokers, upset that they are finally being targeted for their brazen littering.
Why? I get not having to post blilingual signs, but not being allowed to?
When you marginalize the voices of the moderates, you give more power to the extremists. 
To be fair, there are a lot more refugees than 3 months ago. It's like saying there's more car crashes now than 30 years ago, there's more cars.
Ever been to Vancouver? Canada *is* China
It's called espionage, Skippy.

We used to *shoot* people for that. He got off light.

So, pretty please, shut the fuck up.
Meanwhile Iran arrests random journalists...
Thats because they will be the children of the migrants... at least that is what has happened in France. Better hope they all do well in school and all get jobs they like.
I find it utterly reprehensible that a man voted into position by the people of a country, would put party politics ahead of the welfare and needs of a country. 

Politicians need to look up what "Civil Servant" means.
Our new Transport Minister is an *astronaut*. And not just ANY astronaut, he's Canada's very first astronaut, Marc Garneau.
I dont give a shit if its diverse and gender-equal. I care if they can do their jobs.
He put onto staff 2 more women, from 13 to 15, and cut the number of cabinet jobs from 39 to 30 to do this.

This is nearly non-news.
This comments section just gave me cancer.
I hope there is this gender-equality in EVERY job.. like coal mining, sanitation, construction, forestry, oil mining.

We really need to address the HUGE gender inequality in those fields!  
"Gee, I wonder if they're qualified..."  http://www.thebeaverton.com/national/item/2204-50-female-cabinet-appointments-lead-to-5000-increase-in-guys-who-suddenly-care-about-merit-in-cabinet
did he appoint them because they were the most qualified or because they'd get him this headline? 
Easy solution, they should just claim they're from VW Credit.

All banksters have full immunity here!
ISIS has chosen the most foolish set of enemies since Nazi Germany.
There was a pew research survey result released 3 days back:

http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2015/11/17/in-nations-with-significant-muslim-populations-much-disdain-for-isis/

They surveyed 11 countries with significant Muslim populations and most countries expressed overwhelmingly negative views of ISIS - with the exception of Pakistan, where 62% said "Don't know" and 9% approved of ISIS. 
[removed]
That headline is painful to read. It's mind blowing that someone was paid actual money to write that.
That's kind of how it should be, no? 
At some point /r/worldnews is going to have to face the fact that there are some ugly truths about the Chinese miracle.

China might be making invstments in renewable energies, but that's a popcorn fart in comparison to the amount of CO2 emissions they pump out every year.

I find it interesting that South Africa would welcome a leader who runs an apartheid regime.
[removed]
Misread as

&gt;Canada's Miss World entry claims China is trying to block her final form

reptilians.jpg
Falun Gong is a cult. This woman is an opened follower of this cult. The leader of Falun Gong by the name of Li always claims he is the savior of humanity. His absurd teachings include for example races should not mix. People of mixed racial heritage cannot go to heaven without his personal heavenly intervention. It is bewildering and mind-boggling how any rational human being can follow the teachings of this joker and this nut. Suppressing this nut's propaganda and doctrines in China is a stupid move by the Communist rulers in China. China should openly challenge and expose the teachings of this nut and let people all over the world know what kind of crazy and idiotic doctrines that are being propagated by this nut and his henchmen to brainwash the naive and the innocent.
[deleted]
See guys, that's how terrorism works. In the days/weeks/months to come, everything will be treated as a threat (not implying that it wasn't a real one here). They control our minds and make us lose time and money. Terrorism works. How many hundreds of millions of dollars will France lose due to these attacks, threats and the following security measures? The truth is that as long as ISIS is kept alive by the rogue states around it, this terrorism we're living will not end. We have to get rid of ISIS as soon as possible and that starts with telling Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Egypt... to get into the fight against ISIS and to stop giving them money and weapons. It's too late to continue to ignore the problem.
Wow....speechless here. You just can't buy that kind of bad publicity! Way to go Qatar Airlines.
**Still not touching!**
Well you can't just build an island in the middle of the sea, where there was no island before, and then tell the world nobody can sail near the island. The U.S navy doesn't put up with that shit.
Don't build islands in volation of the UNCLOS you signed, attack fishermen fishing in their own waters (according to UNCLOS), and don't try and strong arm multiple US allies out of what is legally theirs, according to the international laws and agreements your nation signed. Simple as that... Your temper tantrum over people not letting you strong arm the entire South China Sea is the fault of no one but the Chinese government themselves.

If you don't know what I'm talking about, [here](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/4a/South_China_Sea_vector.svg/2000px-South_China_Sea_vector.svg.png) is a map of the South China Sea. Blue lines indicate what each nation owns according to the UNCLOS. The red line, is what China says is its. Notice how the entire thing is red? The green dots are islands that are disputed among multiple nations in the area. China *claims* the whole area was theirs in the past, and they're simply taking it back, but that's honestly laughable at best. Their historical "claims" are nothing more than ancient maps that use the islands as reference points on how to get to certain ports for trade, and certain areas for fishing, nothing more. There's no ancestral claim to those islands, but once it was disovered there was an estimated 28 billion barrels of oil and 266 trillion cubic feet of natural gas, suddenly China had historical claims to the whole thing. Kind of like what's happening with the Senkaku Islands, where the islands have been under the control of Japan/US for well over a century now, but suddenly when oil and natural gas was discovered there, they're suddenly Chinese islands illegally taken from them.

China needs to get its head out of its ass regarding the South China Sea. It doesn't have claim to it anymore than India does to the Indian Ocean, or Japan to the Sea of Japan. The historical context of a navigation marker doesn't constitute ownership in any way. China's just threatening war with over half a dozen countries, including multiple US allies, in an attempt to strong arm them out of their claims.
From user Wow_youre_tall who posted about this a few days ago in a similar thread:

Waste water engineer here.
St Lawrance has an average flow rate of about 9,000,000 L/s at Montreal (https://www.ec.gc.ca/stl/default.asp?lang=En&amp;n=B82B3625-1).
Thats 777,600,000,000 L a day
If this entire volume was dumped in 1 day, it would be 1.028% of the total flow, over a week 0.147%. Dilution is the solution. Over a long term this would be bad, for a week no big issues so long as its dispersed and not concentrated.
Edit: Thank you all for engaging in a interesting discussion, hope you all learnt something. I don't want to mislead people, we most definitely should treat our sewage (Keeps me in a job :-)). However, not being able to does not automatically = Environmental harm. Of to Bed, I am Aussie and I need to be up early to surf.
Wasn't there an (I'm almost sure I've got this right) *Environment-Rivertologist* who came in here last week and explained how this actually wasn't a problem for the St Lawrence because of the volume of the river and the speed of the flow just dispersing it all?

Edit: A downvote? Fuck you buddy, *Environment-Rivertologist* is a totally legitimate career choice.
Karma, man is she a nasty bitch

Your dick is gone and heads in a ditch.

Youre all dead and they ass fu**ed you

Jihad is fun but the jokes on you.
I guess that is were all the grain is stored.
“Facebook does not provide any government with ‘back doors’ or direct access to people’s data,” Facebook wrote.




HAHAHAHAHA yeah okay. Who needs back doors when you offer a damn delivery service straight to the front. Jeez. 
Then flood Syria and Iraq with your finest exports. Cannabis. Ecstasy. Trance Music, Porn, Philips consumer goods and tasty poffertjes. 

If its a case of hearts and minds. You know what to do. 
The beatings will continue until morale improves.
This is very significant. Evidence is pointing towards a bomb (spread wreckage, satellite flash, no distress call). The fact that the British government are acting means they probably suspect ISIS has a proven method of getting bombs on planes. That's obviously horrifying, but it's far more likely that ISIS only compromised one particular airport.

My guess would be one of these:

- Known poor security in that airport (i.e., they took a risk of getting caught and just carried the bomb onboard)
- Complicit security (i.e., guards were involved/recruited/bribed)
- Air-side infiltration (i.e., they broke in and planted it _in_ the airframe while it was parked)

If ISIS are already bragging then it's more likely they just took advantage of poor security. If a terrorist organisation found a way to bring down airliners they would want to keep using it.
&gt;The cause of a Russian plane crash in Egypt on Saturday is looking more like an explosion but **it is not clear whether it was linked to fuel or engine trouble or a bomb**, an Egyptian source close to the investigation of the black boxes said on Wednesday.

-----------

So we don't really know anything new at this point.
"No more hostages" as in they got out, or they're all dead? The article doesn't really specify beyond some managed to escape.

The surface I would hope
I really question what the credibility of this article is. How does info like this get out? I'm just trying to imagine an isis member coming out and saying they are hunting this guy for chickening out... it's not for anyone else to know but them...so I'm calling bull shit

Diamonds aren't rare in nature . Only the diamond cartel makes them rare. 
&gt; Germany will be rejecting thousands of applications from Balkans, a politically stable country, in the asylum scenario as Berlin Government rises and tougher there standards against economic migrants after the fluctuating economy of the country.

Germany to deny immigrants from politically stable countries is what this article is about.

As to be expected in click-bait articles, there are serious grammar mistakes in the first paragraph.
As a Syrian/Lebanese speaking while living in Syria: Deport the 99% males ages 17-45 seriously do these failures label themselves 'Refugees', they are the filth of the society in Syria whom I've heard them say before they illegally immigrated to Germany that they want to go there for free money and services.

They are just lazy bastards who abandoned their values and self esteem, they make me feel so damn humiliated, that I'm afraid to use my nationality on every account I make out of fear of receiving hate mails from European countries, and I won't be able to reply since those lazy fuckers littered the forests and streets of Europe with garbage.

Stop emphasizing with these bastards, they aren't war refugees, the real war refugees are in Turkey/Lebanon/Jordan, those men left from yet undamaged cities.          
I'm calling BS.

Every google result says; scientifically validated, based on Ayurveda, no side effect (singular), 67% success (not defining what success is), and boosts immune system and works as antioxidant as well as checks free radicals.

I'd bet dollars to bullshit herbal dollars that this does absolutely nothing.
God bless the people of the Falklands and protect them from suffering at the hands of Argentine aggressors. 
So were gonna have US, Russian, Iranian, Syrian pro Assad, ISIS, Kurdish, Hezbollah, and the many various Syrian rebel groups, with Turkish and Israeli jets in the mix, all in the same country?
Do people really think they haven't been there the whole time already?
Dual citizens allowed to work on DoD projects with access to state secrets? That's a risky policy
Makes sense. Pakistan is not in any kind of civil war and these migrants are purely going for better jobs. 
You don't say you have civil war when you support terrorist camps to attack other countries and when fire starts at your home, play a victim card.
Jesus fuck the UN sounds like a fucking party
They were probably over eager to integrate in to German society and get jobs allowing them to pay far more in to taxes than they consume.
Im sure they will blow up somewh... SORRY ! i mean pop up somewhere !
Playing Russian roulette with the lives of their citizens, and for what?
They are out doing what they came to Europe to do - Undermine, destroy, eat away, and assure that the Europe of the future is European in name only.
I don't know about sacrilegious, but definitely classless and tasteless.  They're like the physical embodiment of "3edgy5me".  
  
Everyone supported them when their colleages and loved ones got wiped out, and now they poke fun at the deaths of over 200 people, days after the fact.  Ingrates gonna ingrate I guess vOv. 
[deleted]
Turkey supports ISIS. Who would have figured? Wow! Shocking!
Turkey notified France about one of the attackers. France put him in the watch list. The terrorist left Turkey secretly. French and Turkish authorities did not know that he went to France.
&gt;  convicted of eight crimes between 2004 and 2010, but was never jailed.

Wow.
For people who don't follow polish politics (which is everybody):

We just elected a new government and the chairman of the ruling party is Jaroslaw Kaczynski who also happens to be the twin brother of late Polish president - the one that died in that crash, so it's obvious that getting this wreckage is his no 1 priority.  It also helps that many polish people are pissed that all parts are still in Russia after so many years.
I hope all those child workers that Hamas force to work down there escaped unharmed.
If it had been Israel who had done this, the UN and all the world would be crying out for their persecution and claiming war crimes.
APARTHEID!
&lt;div class="md"&gt;&lt;p&gt;APARTHEID!&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;(/s)&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
I can only imagine the level of survivor guilt they're feeling tonight. I'm glad they're safe, but what a horrific scene and circumstance. 
I loved listening to CNN butcher their name today. I heard them call them the "Eagles of Dream Metal" among others. They also referred to them as an "American death metal band." Not sure about anybody else here but I would definitely say they are not a death metal band. I saw them a few years ago and am glad they are all ok. 
They land in a safe, non wartorn nation "fleeing war" but instead of staying there they will cross numerous other safe countries just to get to the welfare benefits Germany and Sweden offer.
&gt;Ukraine’s Central Election Committee registered Emperor Palpatine, Darth Vader, Yoda, Padme Amidala and Chewbacca: all members of the reasonably popular Internet Party.

wow
Note: Don't travel to Iran, especially if invited by their government.
Totally shocked. Was not expecting this outcome. 
Stop using the word "dictator," people. He's a Sultan. Turkey isn't a dictatorship. It's a sultanate. 

Come on now, show some cultural sensitivity.
"The men are paid to protect the animals from poachers but it is believed they brutally killed them as a form of protest over their poor salary."

How much do they think they'll get paid when there's nothing left to protect.... This seems like something a child would do, like breaking his toys so no one else could play with them....
This is gonna work out great /s
Why can't he freaking buy an egyptian island? What's the obsession with buying an island on Europe?

Edit: For those saying Egypt does not have big enough islands in Med Sea, he could also buy turkish islands, algerian islands, libyan islands or tunisian islands...
I recalled a news from Indonesia where they use animal like crocodiles as guard.
&lt;div class="md"&gt;&lt;p&gt;I recalled a news from Indonesia where they use animal like crocodiles as guard.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Can we leverage this?&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
What a shocker.
It's been building all along. It is getting really tough maintain a humanitarian position. 
So grow more mushrooms get more rain 
This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.rt.com/news/322482-lavrov-us-isis-assad/) reduced by 74%. (I'm a bot)
*****
&gt; The US and its allies are playing a dangerous game in Syria as they count on Islamic State to weaken President Bashar Assad, but at the same time don&amp;#039;t want the terror group to seize power in the country, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said.

&gt; According to the minister, Russia&amp;#039;s assessment of the US-led anti-terror operation in Syria &amp;quot;Is based on observations of specific results and there are little results, not to say there are none - except the fact that during this period the Islamic State has grown on the territories they control."

&gt; The Russian foreign minister visited the French embassy in Moscow to express condolences over the Islamic State attacks in Paris last week, in which at least 129 lives were lost and over 350 people were wounded.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/3t9x3o/us_intentionally_spare_isis_in_syria_want/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ "Version 1.6, ~15333 tl;drs so far.") | [Theory](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept/) | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr "PMs and comment replies are read by the bot admin, constructive feedback is welcome.") | *Top* *five* *keywords*: **State**^#1 **Islamic**^#2 **Syria**^#3 **Lavrov**^#4 **Russia**^#5

Post found in [/r/worldnews](http://np.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3t9t0u/us_intentionally_spare_isis_in_syria_want/), [/r/worldpolitics](http://np.reddit.com/r/worldpolitics/comments/3t9ix0/us_intentionally_spare_isis_in_syria_want/), [/r/besteurope](http://np.reddit.com/r/besteurope/comments/3t9tl3/us_intentionally_spare_isis_in_syria_want/) and [/r/conspiracy](http://np.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/3t9t4e/us_intentionally_spare_isis_in_syria_want/).
I'm not convinced spies with high clearances should be released after some time, but if that was his sentence I don't see what people are up in arms about.
See the Vice Documentary where they went to the northern forests of Russia to see the logging camps manned by North Korean slave labor. It is so fucking good.
Genocide! Ethnic cleansing! Apartheid! Oh wait..Egypt? Carry on...
Change "Egypt" to "Israel" and this comment section likely has 1000 posts...
Who needs an economy when you have Putin?
Rt.com headline: "Putin heroically streamlines Russian economy"
dumb headline. 
Nice. When do we start shipping them military hardware?
&gt;The US Department of Defense said on Friday that it’s no longer conducting counter-terrorism operations against the Taliban in Afghanistan because it views the group as an important partner in its efforts for restoring peace in the war-ravaged country.

Anyone who knows the history, just take that in for a moment.
Yeah if 100,000 refugees get stuck in the winter in a country of only 2,000,000 that's going to get ugly really fast. 
Holy shit, that's 10% of their current population. This is not going to end well.
[deleted]
Chalk another one up to money in politics. I always thought of Europe as more-progressive than North America. Not so it seems here. This will play its part in eroding the free flow of information and contribute to a sub-optimal landscape where only the few with money will be able to realize all the benefits of arguably the most important invention ever.
Yeah, well ISIS is just a bunch of silly-heads!  Take that!
"Anonymous also took down a dating site for ISIS members"

...they have (had?) a *dating site*?!
ISIS need to tone it down a little!
Who's going to park the spaceship?
Because if they are ex-IDF, the CIA can be reasonably sure they aren't going to suddenly join ISIS or Al-Qaeda, but may be quite likely to speak Arabic and have an understanding of the local cultures to some degree? Dunno.
2,200 homes by 2030. 

Still shouldn`t be happening though. 

Bibi likes to say they have no partner for peace, not that he actually wants one. 
Merkels 'no upper limit' seems to have hit it's upper limit.
&gt;We need to send a clear message to the world:

You did, everyone's welcome in germany. Now sleep in the mess you made. 
This should not be allowed for one reason. The US companies can not buy resources in China. This also moves the profits out of the country. 
What right does Erdogan have to say about what does or does not happen in Syria?
Can this title get any more clickbait?  Cloudflare is a service anybody can sign up for, it's not "helping" ISIS any more than Twitter or Facebook is.  If Anonymous has proof that some of Cloudflare's customers are working on behalf of ISIS, they should contact Cloudflare itself instead of slandering them like they do with social networks that host accounts belonging to ISIS propagandists.

Nothing screams script kiddie like publicly crying that Cloudflare is preventing them from DDOSing a bunch of webservers.
Well she is old, but calling her a cracker isn't nice. 
http://jamescameronstitanic.wikia.com/wiki/Gloria_Stuart?file=Gloria-Stuart-70th-Academy-Awards.jpg
Are they going to put these warnings on plane tickets too?

Of course not. Perish the thought of having my worldliness put under the microscope! It's those commoners shamelessly driving trucks who are to blame. If only they were enlightened like me we wouldn't be in this mess. 

9_9

Edit: PS I live here. This is a typical North Van attitude. It's a bunch of smug yuppies. I'm just here for work and the mountains.
seems like their FX specialist got killed in some airstrike? Because this looks like some 13 year old made it with After Effects
It's because of immigration really. TB was nearly wiped out in the UK, but in London 75% of cases are in people not born in the UK, and then of course it spreads to others.
This is **very big news** here in Venezuela. While many people in my country do believe that a lot government officers are involved on drug trafficking, it's the first time we see someone so close to the highest levels of the government arrested because of this. If that happened in Venezuela, it's possible that they would have been freed in a matter of a few days. I don't believe this is going to happen in the US though.

Also worth nothing is that some days ago, Mr Franklin Nieves, an attorney who was involved in the accusation of Leopoldo Lopez, one of the main opposition leaders, fled to the US and began revealing allegations of corruption that taint the government.

Big event for us... Definitely.
As sure as death and taxes, after every single islamic terror attack, this placative reverberation highlighting muslims comdemning the latest attack is echoing through the media.
 
[At some point](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Islamist_terrorist_attacks) muslims have to concede that these terror attacks are systemic and inherent to islam and are a direct result of how the quran is taught in mosques - and which parts of it.
 
According to a [2013 WZB Berlin Social Science Center survey](https://www.wzb.eu/sites/default/files/u6/koopmans_englisch_ed.pdf) for which over 9,000 (heh) telephone interviews were performed with people in Germany, France, the Netherlands, Belgium, Austria and Sweden, over 65% of muslims stated that religious rules are more important to them than the laws of the country in which they live.
 
And according to a [2015 ComRes poll of 1,000 british Muslims](http://www.comres.co.uk/polls/bbc-radio-4-today-muslim-poll), 27% stated that they have some sympathy for the motives behind the attacks on Charlie Hebdo in Paris.
 
**Not only should we take the statements by muslims condemning the attacks with a grain of salt; we should outright decry them as intellectually dishonest and disingenous.**

First line: "Terrorism has no religion"

Don't need to read any further. 
[removed]
That's a very real and alarming possibility, but in the last 10 days almost 500 people have been killed (Russian airline, Beirut bombing, Paris attacks).  Did the Human Rights Watch issue any warnings about radical Islam?
Typical retarded British media rant. Have something to complain about? Blame it on the Indians. See something bad happening in the world? Blame that too on the Indians.

Forget the fact that they were the richest pre-industrial people on earth, had largest GDP until 1810s and you invaded them and didn't allow them to build factories for 120 years. And when they are trying to rebuild their economy after you barbarically force-snatched every single coin off them, Guardian suddenly feels the need to rant and rave and burn their backsides.

As if India alone is doing all this and other nations, particularly China and USA (with far more emission levels), don't cause any pollution at all. As if Britain itself doesn't have any emission.

Sigh. What a pathetic media that country has. British people **deserve** better media news houses.
Yes, of course. Blame it on the Indians. 

Not the largest polluters on the planet. 

Not the largest per capita polluters on the planet. 

But the Indians.
And now Saudi companies are buying land in Arizona to grow their wheat here and drain our wells... 

https://www.revealnews.org/episodes/high-and-dry-a-deep-dive-into-the-water-crisis/
I guess they felt Isis was taking too much attention from the other global assholes.
[Here's a video](https://twitter.com/RobPulseNews/status/665953916480266244)

You can possibly hear bangs at the start that caused it? If somebody *did* let off firecrackers (as is being reported) they are a whole new level of fucking moron.
 &gt;It is understood the stampede was caused by the sound of firecrackers being let off.    

That's just disrespectful in so many ways. People are scared and full of fear, yet morons provoke this feeling more with firecrackers? That's a new level of idiocracy.. 
This is purely clickbait.  Everyone who cares to read up on the history of mankind knows that the Sahara goes through wet/dry cycles every 30-60 thousand years, in sync with the glacial maximum/minimum and the expansion/retreat of the equatorial rainforests.  The "Sahara pump" is historically important because it played an important role in the movement of species between Africa and Eurasia.  They didn't have imaging of this *this specific riverbed*, but it was widely known that the Sahara had a number of rivers... to say "nobody knew" the Sahara had had river systems is completely misleading.
I visited Egypt two and a half years ago, right after Morsi was overthrown. We bought those powerful green laser pointers that were popular in tahrir square. Evidently they were made illegal (don't know if this is true). 

Anyways, we had them in our carry-on bags and the army guy finds it when they are being scanned. He then handcuffs my friend. He tells my friend he will arrest him unless he pays $50. My friend only had $5. The army guy took the $5, and let us keep the laser pointers. 
&gt; the size of the effect is relatively small, and the mechanism is poorly defined.

-

&gt; It is certainly very inappropriate to suggest that any adverse effect of bacon and sausages on the risk of bowel cancer is comparable to the dangers of tobacco smoke, which is loaded with known chemical carcinogens and increases the risk of lung cancer in cigarette smokers by around 20-fold.
The advantages of a single party state is all this long term planning. 
This was a time when child labor was still a thing in the west, and the use of servant boys for the middle/upper classes was common regardless of nationality. This should not come as a surprise to anyone.
Awww no big map with little models of tanks and big croupier sticks to push them around?
Looks straight out of Goldeneye. 
Do they play Hell March on a loop in there?
I wonder how many desk fans and raider armor went into building that.
If only one person there had some kind of device that could take pictures or shoot videos...
CNN also reported last week that a Russian airstrike hit Iran, so.. 
Replace Russia with US Military, 4000 upvote party
This is a joke.

Russia offers $50mil for the bomber of the plane, and we offer 5 for the fucking caliphate? I can only start to wonder if defeating ISIS is actually the goal of those in power and the signs continuously point to "no".

Canada declares war on Pakistan 
So a big wall yeah?
Fuck that. I'm sick of being told there's no money to fix the roads, there's no money for healthcare, there's no money for education spending, but those annual billions to Israel are untouchable. 

Israel has universal health care and cheap, government-funded university tuition. They must be fucking laughing at us.
50 billion would feed a lot of school kids in the US.
We need to cut the cord.
Sure, we can afford that. Just pile it onto the national debt. Write the checks now, let Americans pay for it later.
Go fuck yourself Netanyahu 
At £9.40/hour, working 8 hours a day for 220 days a year, you will earn £16,544 in a year. After tax you will be taking home £14,307. So your take home each month is £1192. Renting a crap single room in a shit part of the city will probably set you back £100/week+, and travel to and from work is around £4/day+, plus council tax and bills and I reckon you will be spending around £180/week. This leaves you with a little over £100 for food and other stuff each week. 

Full time. Living in the shittest part of London. In a single room sharing your house with other people. And all you have left to live off is around £15/day. I wouldn't call that a living wage. It is a surviving wage. 




Even STRAIGHT priests who are found to be in relationships are stripped of their posts. I don't know what on Earth this guy keeps whining about. He just wants attention. 
If you don't agree with the doctrines of the church don't be a part of it, it's a voluntary organization.
Err.............  Maybe we should bomb that? 
I'm not surprised.  I mean I saw that recent documentary film about British intelligence where their agent foiled a bombing in Mexico City (even though he did bring a building down around him and boot a guy out of a helicopter into a crowd).  He then was able to unravel a secret terrorist network and bang Monica Belucci.  All in all I'd say the Brits are doing a fine job.
This is in response to some British political leaders claiming that Britain can negotiate a bilateral Free Trade Agreement in place of the agreement the United States and European Union are negotiating. 

The United States isn't particularly interested in bilateral agreements, it's interested in frame work agreements that span much more than one nation. This is basically the United States telling the British public that leaving the EU will affect American trade, despite their politicians saying otherwise.
If we're going to cancel Christmas until the whole world is at peace, then there will never be another Christmas. The world is a "vale of tears". It's not like ordinary people out there are promoting violence and bloodshed. Christmas is a light in the darkness. I thought everyone knew that. 
Q: How to get US troupes to fight in country X? 

A: Send Russian troupes.

PS: Troops. Darn auto-correct^cough^not^really^cough 
Note how women are celebrating as equals amongst men and most of them don't even wear head scarves. What would a regime change mean for them? 
I think a lot of people don't recognize that the vast majority of Syria's population is within government controlled areas and is very supportive of Assad, and that the vast majority of anti-assad forces are imports. The men fighting against assad are from the various places where preachers convince young sunni muslim men to join in the global jihad - all the stans, chechnya, arabian peninsula and northern africa in particular.
As bad as it sounds. Forgiveness is kind of a fundamental core of the religion.
Anyone who hasn't figured out that the settlements are a clear statement from Israel that it actually has no plans of ever leaving the occupied territories and doesn't care about peace is extremely foolish. Israel does not get to pretend it wants peace as long as it keeps building the settlements. 
No shit. The US Military went through the same thing after Pearl Harbor and 9/11.
On our honeymoon in Bali we met a French guy who to my surprise was in charge of training anti terror police and military for France. Was the nicest guy and even taught me some moves when I asked him how to defend myself against a guy coming after me with a knife. My prayers are with you I hope you are safe and doing your good work. Love from your American friend. 
So one terrorist attack increases the number of people willing to fight ISIS. Just think what effect a 10 year war and bombing campaign has on teens living in Iraq/Syria. And you wonder why there are thousands of people willing to fight again Western forces?
26 pupils figured out how to get out of class after one student passed out.
http://www.thenewsminute.com/article/seven-reasons-listed-out-mha-freezing-accounts-greenpeace-india


1. The most glaring example of violation according to MHA is that opening balance for 2008-09 which was reported as nil in the auditor's certificate was actually Rs. 6,60,31,783. Greenpeace India Society(GIS) claimed it to be a typographical error. 

2. GIS violated Section 8(1)(b) of FCRA 2010 by incurring more than 50% of the foreign contribution on administrative expenditure during financial year 2011-12 and 2012-13.

3. GIS funded legal costs (for seeking bail and writ petitions) of an associated Indian NGO and activists, thereby, violating FCRA rules.

4. In 2010-11, GIS paid Rs. 8 lakh to the employees of Greenpeace Environment Trust, a separate trust with a different PAN number in violation of Section 7 of the FCRA.

5. MHA says GIS willfully suppressed facts about payment of salary to a foreign GP activist Greg Muttitt, (salary of Euro 56,951). 6. The GIS shifted its office and all its activities from Chennai to Bengaluru, also replaced 50% or more of its executive members without any prior intimation/consent to the Ministry. Greenpeace India released a statement stating that it has so far not received any official communication from the MHA and that it is seeking legal counsel on the information that is available on the MHA's website.
Sweden, what are you doing to yourself. If you have a lifeboat that seats 10 people and there are already 8 people on it you don't try to cram on the boat an additional 40 people, that boat will sink. Unfortunately Sweden will have to learn the hard way what countries like Hungary already know when it comes to mass migration, that it is bad. Besides if you really wanted to help you don't bring them into the country, you help them at the camps where it is more cost effective. I've seen studies that say for every Euro spent on a refugee in Sweden it would be the equivalent of 26 euros spent at a refugee camp. You can help 26 times more people, why wouldn't you use your brains instead of your feels and choose the most cost effective way to do things. That is if you choose to do it, Sweden has no more of an obligation to help than does Mongolia, Argentina, or Kenya. 
Yes China stole some F-35 data. No their new J-31 stealth fighter is nothing like the F-35, even if they used data from the F-35 to help build it. That's like saying the F-15 and Su-27 are "remarkably similar" simply because they have some similar physical features and are designed to do similar jobs. To put this in perspective, China is still a full generation behind in engine technology. They've been working on closing the gap, and there's no reason to expect that they won't eventually. Hell, the J-31 has *two* engines instead of one! That makes the airframe *significantly* different, especially internally. It's likely they've used data for stealth features and coatings that came from the US, and that's why they have some similar features, but that has very little bearing on the plane's overall capabilities. The F-35 is obviously technologically more advanced than the J-31. But then the Chinese and Americans have different priorities when it comes to building new military equipment (the Americans favoring new technology to give them the edge, the Chinese preferring more conventional, tried-and-true technology that's more dependable and/or rugged, which they learned from the Russians). In the end, you have two different planes that have different features, different capabilities, and different roles and will be used by two very different military forces.
How many college loans would this pay for at home rather than to support terrorists against Russia?
No YOU babysit the Palestinians.. No YOU babysit the Palestinians.. Kerry: Would somebody just please babysit the Palestinians?
Flavius Josephus and several legions of Romans would disagree.
Now THIS, this is historical revisionism. Perhaps this is why you've objected to archaeological digs in the place? afraid of what might turn up?  

BTW, [published by the "Supreme Moslem Council"](https://www.templeinstitute.org/1925-wakf-temple-mount-guide.pdf) - in 1925.
Page 4 - second paragraph:   
&gt;.... The site is one of the oldest in the world. Its sanctity dates from the earliest (perhaps from pre-historic) times. Its identity with the site of Solomon's Temple is **beyond dispute**. ....  

Welp, guess that settles it.
&gt;"Since the creation of the world."

I thought Islam was founded AFTER the creation of the world.

If people avoided making super dumb propaganda, maybe they could avoid the already strong tensions between Jews and Arabs from getting worse.
&gt; The grand mufti of Jerusalem, the Muslim cleric in charge of the Al-Aqsa Mosque, said Sunday that there has never been a Jewish temple atop the Temple Mount, and that the site has been home to a mosque “since the creation of the world.” 

Yeah, sure : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Solomon's_Temple
People don't want the 'refugees' (economic migrants). They bring a crime wave with them, and the locals aren't safe in their own villages. i'm not surprised people are torching them.
The answer is: illegal fishermen don't interfere with international shipping. Shipping accounts for 90% of all global trade. 
As a Canadian in Northern British Columbia, if we're the most tolerant country, that legitimately scares me. 
Why for the first time??? We've all had planes there for months complaining that there's no targets.  Now there's ammo dumps and training facilities for everyone to attack.  What's going on here?
So basically, the government will transfer money to the private military industry via Israel. 

Niiiice...
hahahahahhaahhahahahah go fuck yourself and pay for your own damn army
And in Israel medical care is Free,  100% Free

And University is Free

So America should reduce funding to American Schools?  Cut spending for American Medical Care?  Cut support for American Veterans? 

Just so we can give the Money to Israel.
For those who won't bother reading the article:

&gt;The group leading the unrest appeared to be detainees who are being held at the facility due to their visas being canceled — not asylum seekers, immigration officials said.

These were people who were in Aus legally, committed crimes there, and are now being sent back to their home countries - like New Zealand.
Those damn Jews and their political opinions...if only they'd just keep their mouths shut and stop sticking up for themselves this never would've happened! /s



Seriously though making everything a jewish plot is getting kinda old.
Sounds like the perfect home for all those Syrian refugees. Lot closer than Norway...
All I read is Qatar trying to bribe the media with a feel good story about how well they are treating their FIFA World Cup Slaves. Cinemas and Wi-Fi wont help the 1,200+ dead slaves that have already died building this fiasco. 
I know it's technically not very PC, but is it a good idea?  I mean, there is a higher prevalency of bloodborne sexually transmitted diseases in the gay community.  This is like rolling back the ban on people with recent tattoos giving blood; the rules are there for a reason.  

Watch me get 400 downvotes because people think I hate gay blood. 
'there is a scarcity of affordable housing in many cities such as Vancouver, and Toronto,'

What better way to arrange photo ops for Saint Justin than by bringing them to the Capital?

 *Sigh*...
Why do I have the feeling that this will solve nothing?
Okay, we have tried austerity, repeatedly, for over a century, and it hasnt worked, it always ends with the same results. 

How about, this time, just for shits, when the bubble bursts, we do the opposite, reverse austerity. Instead of taking mountains of public funds from the bottom 80-90% and handing it to the top 0.1%, we do the opposite, and take 90% of the wealth of the top 0.1%, and distribute it to the bottom 80-90% of the population? 

Its like damn, some of these people have been billionaires for decades, they can bite the bullet, tighten their belts, and be millionaires for a while, they will be alright I am sure. 
Couldn't happen to a more deserving royal family.
So the politicians, bankers and corporatists have finally decided that they imported enough unskilled laborers to successfully lower wages, weaken the unions and cut large swaths of social security?

Praise Allah.
It's amazing how quickly Europe has gone from "Look at the intolerant, RACIST Americans always saying 'Build a wall to Mexico!' and 'Make Illegals leave!'" to "Fuckin immigrants!"
Bye bue gorillas.
There was actually another article where Netanyahu said in conjunction with this "I am ready
 to give territorial concessions, yet the other side is not a partner for peace. I will not negotiate those who wish our destruction but i will negotiate with those who recognize us but half of the other side is genocidal islamists and radicals." 
When Israel left Gaza, the Palestinians turned the territory into a terrorist base and launched attacks against Israeli civilians.  They even destroyed the greenhouses and other buildings in Gaza that the Israeli settlers left for them to use.  Instead of using the buildings to build an economy, they destroyed them because they were built by Israelis.  If Israel leaves the West Bank, something similar might happen.  It's very difficult to make peace with people who's leaders constantly brainwash them into hating non-Muslims and being violent.  The same situation exists in much of the Muslim world, which is why much of the Muslim world is in conflict.
The Palestinians could have accepted the UN partition plan and they would have had a lot more land than the West Bank + Gaza.  Instead they decided to declare war on Israel (together with other Arab nations) and commit genocide.  Fast-forward several decades, and Ehud Barak offered the Palestinians all of Gaza and the vast majority of the West Bank (with a few land swaps for the settlements), and Arafat rejected that offer.  Today, the Palestinians are fucked because they rejected every serious peace offer from Israel and continue to attack innocent Israeli civilians.
we need to stop giving them ideas
This is getting out of hand way to quickly 
| To protect his family, we agreed not to use his name

But you put his face on screen? 
Hah! We'll see who is an "idiot" when ISIS can no longer login to their ICQ accounts. 
ISIS and Anonymous talking shit on the internet.
Maybe the world isn't so bad.
Hey they may be idiots but they are OUR idiots!
after battling terrorism throughout Israel's history, the country and its people, can relate to the incidents that are happening in Paris the most and are definitely shoulder to shoulder with them
i think it's over for the jews in europe...
Uh...NASA tracks many asteroids and meteors that come close. They have a whole catagory for them. Near Earth Objects.
The Big Bang.. was not... an explosion....
Reminds me of the Nigerian grad student who tried to prove homosexuality is wrong using magnets...

http://io9.com/nigerian-grad-student-uses-magnets-to-prove-gay-marri-1326215449

Quite a hand full of lightbulbs there.
This is a dumb idea, most of those corrupt regimes will start sending more people just to shake-down Europe for more money. Repatriation should be forcible and uncompensated.
What an empty gesture on Saudi Arabia's part.  
Oh that's Genius.  Try and filter on "kill them" "bomb" "gun" "enemy".  You'll just matched 99% of conversations on playstation 4....
The Nazi's destroyed Germanys society.

This is that awkward moment when you try to be so anti-nazi that you end up going full circle and almost doing the same societal damage by liquidating you're countries culture because you're bleeding heart cares more for other cultures then your own. 

Some people would do everything to be deemed "not racist!", even fuck over their own citizens.
Hmm, hes basically claiming asylum because he will be arrested in the US. He is using black lives matter and asylum for personal gain. If he gets asylum, fox news will have a newsgasm and canada will not believe how fast republicans will hate them

man, imagine what $100 million dollars could do here for the homeless, or education, or elderly, or mentally and physically disabled, or the environment, or... fuck it, doesn't even matter just put it to anything americans could use instead.
Insert Nigerian prince joke here.
People wondering why they supported the embargo may not be aware of Cuba's official position against Israel.
Since Cuba refuses to recognise Israel's right to exist, that seems fair enough.
Remember, if you continue to destroy us, we will massacre you. If you do NOT continue to destroy us, however, we will massacre you. 


Hey ISIS, fuck you. 
Id be shocked if they werent
Just "American Policies", from what I have been told. Nothing to worry about, because I am sure that's what they mean. 
But Sweden, you'll have a booming economy soon, the like the world has never seen before with all these highly skilled migrants that you keep importing. 
ISIS and their Wahhabi ideology are the enemies of humanity. The whole world should destroy them wherever they raise their ugly heads.
You know who wins a Cold War?

The military industrial complex.

&gt;We say to the states that take part in the crusader campaign that, by God, you will have a day, God willing, like France's and by God, as we struck France in the center of its abode in Paris, then we swear that we will strike America at its center in Washington," the man said.

Yeah try that, I'm heartened by how the people of America are standing with us against the terror, I've seen such amazing comments from our American brothers here on reddit, I've seen people singing la Marseillaise in Washington, Chicago and many other cities, I've seen American landmark lit up with the french flags color, I've seen a college football team fiercely entering in their stadium holding a french flag, I've seen an NFL stadium wearing french colors... As a french national living between France and the US I want to say thank you for everything you said and did, and that I hope France and the US which share historic ties for centuries will become one, join our powerful military ressources that are the most advanced i'the this world and crush and annihilate the hell out of Isis. 
So by 'Most Powerful People in the World' they actually mean 'Most often in the news'
Wow, I kinda want a printed version of my favourite movie framed on my wall.
Finding Nemo is much less blue than you'd think
I was inspired by the Movie Bar Codes posted to reddit earlier, and wanted to write a program that creates a cleaner final product focusing solely around color choices. I created this program using Processing to code it in Java. Instead of compressing full frames into single lines, my version compiles it by the average color of each frame. (Longer movies have overlapping lines to fit in the same dimensions.) The result is a smooth spectrum of color that I think turned out pretty great!

If you've got any suggestions for movies to use, let me know. I'm also posting my favorites to my [online portfolio](http://dillonbaker.com/#/film-color-analysis/)  - if you're interested check there as well for new movies!

Wow, thanks for all the positive feedback! Since so many people asked, I made some full-size renders available for print at http://www.artpal.com/filmspectrum.  Starting at $10 for 20 inch prints!
If anyone is interested in how to make this yourself, you don't need a fancy program. This method is faster then OPs, because it can be faster than real time (but it uses disk space).

(This is the command line guide, so it may require advanced knowledge)

You just need to install [ffmpeg](https://www.ffmpeg.org/), and [imagemagick](http://www.imagemagick.org).

**Edit: See [barracuda415's improved version below!](https://np.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/3rb8zi/the_average_color_of_every_frame_of_a_given_movie/cwmqw2q)**

My version:

1. First, get the average color out of each frame in a video and save each one as a .png file.

        ffmpeg -i &lt;your movie file&gt; -vf scale=1:1 -r 1 &lt;output folder&gt;/%06d.png
2. Using imagemagick, merge all the colors together

        convert +append &lt;output folder&gt;/* out.png

3. Scale the output to the desired height

        mogrify -scale x50\! out.png

Bingo! 
My friend did this with 24 movies as a byproduct of comparing Hollywood vs. Bollywood use of colour in film. Here's the [imgur album](https://imgur.com/a/PxJMa), and here is the [analysis](https://np.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/22i3k6/wrote_a_script_to_show_frame_color/cgn1036).
Here's one of The Matrix: http://i.imgur.com/8AbArMz.jpg
This is one of my all-time favorite dataisbeautiful posts.
I used to be fervently opposed to government run healthcare, but the most convincing reason behind my complete 180 on this has been simply dealing with health insurance companies.

There's always an exception to my coverage, or some form that was lost or not submitted/signed by me or my doctor. The diagnosis code couldn't be read or fell under a different category of coverage than what a reasonable person would expect. Coverage not available because I forgot to disclose during that visit the two months I smoked tobacco over ten years ago, but was reported on a visit to a different doctor five years ago. I have to have my treatment reviewed and approved by some committee that doesn't include me or an appeals process. 

Fuck this. I'm done with it. Just take the money I pay Cigna each month in premiums for insurance that isn't there for me when I need it and fund single payer healthcare. Hell, even take some more since I'll still be covered if I lose my job. I'd rather see it be used to treat someone I don't know than to see Cigna take one more cent from me. 

Great thing is that I'm a young thirties millennial, and the way popular opinion is going on this topic, I'm damn certain I'm going to eventually see this happen. 

Fuck the health insurance companies, they did this to themselves. 
Is this controlled for burgers?

Edit: This is a joke, but the point is that overall health of a population can make a huge impact in average lifespan and cost of healthcare for a populace. Obviously, there are probably more significant factors influencing American healthcare, but this is a noteworthy variable.
Let me tell you, as someone who is going through the american health care system right now - it is a total and epic disaster. Any time someone tells me it's "just fine" I ask them if they have been to the doctor for anything other than their little sniffles they have. If you have a problem that your primary care physician can't handle it becomes a complete and total cluster fuck. Bills coming from doctor's you have never heard of, paying them off, getting them a few months later. Hospitals having CERTAIN DOCTORS not covered by your insurance and there's nothing you can do about it. Having tests sent away to other hospitals who aren't covered under insurance. I mean, I can go on and on. It's just such a drain on you that every time something else happens it just makes me more angry about it.
This is just anecdotal, but I've worked in acute care over ten years, and am married to someone who worked in healthcare in Europe before moving to the US.  


No one is mentioning the endless tests and procedures physicians have to order to protect themselves in the event of litigation.  Pretty sure no other countries have such a litigation driven healthcare system.  


Granny passes out on the floor, looks dehydrated.  Labs suggest dehydration.  Probably dehydration, needs fluids.  Buts she's also going to get a CT, telemetry bed, a Holter monitor, EEG, tilt table test- the Million Dollar Workup.  All the tests are negative, discharge diagnosis dehydration, expect those big fat bills in four to six weeks.
If we cut out the middleman, how else will insurance companies get rich?!?
These data sets usually don't control for things like homicide and accidents, two major contributors to premature death, and two problems that exist in the US at a higher rate than many other countries.  These are not principally healthcare problems, however.

Edit: to clarify, I'm not refuting the point, just pointing out a potential flaw.
People joke about this, but I've seen about a dozen of these types of candy distributions over the years on /r/DataIsBeautiful and no one has ever performed a proper sampling by looking at multiple bags of the candy. It's highly likely that we will see different distributions in different bags. This distribution is near-uniformly random.
I always like arranging them in an arch, like the seating in a multi-party/parliamentary democratic assembly, and pretending the different colors are different political parties. 

Green is the Environmental/Centre-Left Party

Red is the Far Left/Marxist Party

Orange is the Center-Right Party or the Monarchists

Yellow are the Centrists

Purple is the Far Right/Neo-Fascist Party

I particular enjoy this with the M&amp;M fun size packs. Ever pack is like a new election and you can plan out what coalitions will form and stuff. Makes snacking a lot of fun.
I had a leftover party sized bag of Skittles from Halloween and decided to graph it by sorting and arranging the Skittles themselves. 

Total number: 384

Red: 80 (20.8%)

Orange: 74 (19.3%)

Yellow: 74 (19.3%)

Green: 91 (23.7%)

Purple: 65 (16.9%)

Note: this is not a representative sample of all Skittles bags. I'd need more bags for that, which sadly I don't have
The purple ones in the UK and France are blackcurrant flavor.

BLACKCURRANT.  It changed my entire life.  Grape can go home for all I care.  
I'll just leave this here.


Screw you apple skittles, bring back lime.
Align the letters pls.
Fuck Skittles for replacing the Lime with Green Apple.

Now every bag of skittles I buy is a lie.
I really miss when this sub wasn't a default
That is because Daniel Craig is the most legit Bond based on the books. In the books Bond never gets the girl. If there is one she usually ends up dead, or in a relationship with someone else.  He doesn't have a bunch of stupid crap like laser watches and Swiss army shoes. He is just an angry, skilled, resourceful dude that gets the job done. 
At least me and Daniel Craig have something in common.
I am totally ok with Hollywood not shoving a love story down my throat in every movie, thank you.
Maybe he's mellowing as he gets younger.
It's interesting information, but a stacked chart is not appropriate here. The sum of the three categories is not a meaningful value, and the stacked nature makes comparisons between Bonds much more difficult. 
Daniel Craigs Bond has also been the most broken.  Alcohol is still a drug and has been used to drown out pain and/or emotions for a long long time since it's legal and easy to obtain.  Where as previous Bonds used it as a mild mood enhancer, only Craig comes off as being nearly addicted.  I'm honestly surprised that they didn't make the character get addicted to pain pills or something.

It's all about the "everything much be damaged and gritty" phase Hollywood is going through right now.
Its because porn is easily available and we dont need that in our movies anymore. We like drunks getting violent. 
Outstanding visualization.
There was no accounting for pirates.   

So how do we reduce CO2 in the air?
This data doesn't make much sense to me.

What scale are they using for volcanic activity, orbital changes, solar activity, greenhouse gases, aerosols, land use, and ozone.

Is there something I'm missing or is does the graph not have a y-axis measurement for the variables?
**WARNING WARNING** 

Trolls are commenting at an alarming rate. This is not a test. 
When models are built to fit the past data, the past data will fit the models.  

The ability of your model to predict the future is what we care about.

So, for me to care about this, they would need to show 2005-2015 observed data versus what is predicted by these models using data up to 2005.

Why don't they have this?

In fact, of course this is well-studied, that was the entire point of CMIP3/5.  As it turns out, models in general and this model in particular did absolutely horrible at predicting temperature going forward, generally predicting a much larger increase in temperature than was observed.  As such, there is clear room for improvement in climate models and this model is, in a word, wrong.  Although not necessarily the strongest factor, it is generally thought  that most models from this era (circa 2008-2011 for CMIP5) significantly overestimated the response of temperature to anthropogenic sources (and by corollary, underestimated natural forcings), with 111 out of 114 submitted runs from the models predicting higher temperatures than the observed temperature.  

For those in the peanut gallery, this would almost certainly indicate one or more biases in models, some kind of generally accepted groupthink that was wrong, to the general disgrace of climate modelers worldwide.  

Presumably CMIP6 will correct these errors, after which we'll see a whole raft of other hitherto unknown errors, which we can only hope will be smaller in magnitude.

A partial discussion of generally accepted errors in CMIP5 models can be seen starting on page 769 of this report:

https://www.ipcc.ch/pdf/assessment-report/ar5/wg1/WG1AR5_Chapter09_FINAL.pdf

As you might guess, the report on these models runs several hundred pages, and of course is only one analysis of the results, albeit the most important.  You can go as deep into the rabbit hole as you choose.

But hey, I guess this is dataisbeautiful, not dataisright, and it is pretty enough.  I just have this weird thing where misleading information presented as the truth bothers me.  There was nothing wrong with making the model, other than the biases the makers incorporated into it.  What was wrong is that journalists 5 years after the fact are presenting a model known to be deeply flawed as the unvarnished truth.

TL;DR  This model has been proven quite wrong by the observed data and the whole raft of climate models from this era are considered to be an example of modeler bias causing people to try to fit their data to the hypothesis rather than the other way around.

edit:  This is a very light treatment of the subject matter.  This is the reason we stopped calling it "global warming" and shifted to "climate change." Certainly very plausible reasons have been offered for partial explanations of why the models were wrong like "maybe the heat went into the oceans through some previously unconsidered mechanism" or "I think we need to better model water vapour in the upper atmosphere" or "maybe our aerosol decay modeling is really terrible" or the ever-popular "Our model doesn't have that kind of resolution. We are confident that it's correct in the long-term." but this was climate science's N-rays moment.  Any preconceived notions you may have had about the reliability of climate models should have been terminated from that moment forward and long-term issue isn't "why were all our models wrong" but "Why were so many of our top scientists in the field performing bad science?  What made nearly all of them discard recent measurements strongly suggesting temperatures weren't rising as much as anticipated by historical data as 'noise' rather than contemplating them representing flaws in the model?  Can we expect this to be an issue going forward, and if so, what actions should be taken to nullify what appears to be deeply embedded institutional bias?" 

I have no doubt that the next round of models will be an improvement over the previous round, by sheer dint of experience, better computers, and more data points, but what is at stake is how many iterations it takes us to hammer out "good enough" climate models.  Without them, we can't answer key questions like, "How much are water levels going to rise in Calcutta and how fast?" or "Will the Sahel continue to green because of climate change or is the greening temporary?" or "is California's drought a permanent 'new normal'?" or if you're Putin, "Can I expect global warming to increase Russia's farm yields to rise by 30% in the next 50 years, all else being equal?"

Or for the more science-fiction minded among you, "Could we get really big animals like dinosaurs and big-ass trees and bugs because of climate change given enough coal burning and enough time" 

Bonus round:  Really, temperature is pretty easy.  Half the reason all the of the models got it wrong is that they were pretty convinced they had solved all the big issues.  If you really want to see where the action is, try looking up their precipitation models.  Let's just say there's a lot of low-hanging fruit when it comes to improvements for precipitation models and they're still trying to get models to predict historical data.  It'll be awhile before they're in agreement of where deserts are going to form in 200 years.
Human made global warming denial is like denial in the seventies that cigarettes are bad for you. It reaches the level of pathetic. 
Holy Shit, Minnesota was the only (D) holdout in the 84 Reagan landslide.
Damn, Nixon destroyed it in '72
Before Clinton the chart is dominated by vertical stripes where the country largely votes one way or another. During and after Clinton the chart is dominated by horizontal stripes where states largely stick to one party. You could say tho that this really started with Nixon and Reagan was an anomaly.
"Don't change Dicks in the middle of a screw, vote for Nixon in '72"
Quick suggestion: would it be possible to extend the horizontal lines across the entire chart? It can make it difficult when quickly scanning across to not skip up or down a line.
Look it's [the assassination of Abraham Lincoln by John Wilkes Booth in a baseball cap!](http://i.imgur.com/jhX9VwG.png)
From Wikipedia:  "Johnson signed the fortified Civil Rights Act of 1964 into law on July 2.  Legend has it that as he put down his pen Johnson told an aide, "We have lost the South for a generation", anticipating a coming backlash from Southern whites against Johnson's Democratic Party."

Ain't that the truth.  How about 2 generations?  Amazing to see the switch.
In the past 9 elections, 14 states have voted for the same party every time: Alabama, Alaska, Idaho, Kansas, Minnesota, Mississippi, Nebraska, North Dakota, Oklahoma, South Carolina, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, and Wyoming. You have to go back 13 elections before 0 states have voted the same every time.
What happened with Alabama?
Ohio has voted for the winning president in over 92% of elections the state has voted. OHIO AGAINST THE WORLD WOO!!
Can someone explain the republican 80's?
Some more background and images can be found [here](http://blogoscoped.com/archive/2007-10-09-n18.html). For instance, if you vote a 7 out of 10 likeliness to a face for a random drawing, it will create an offspring of 7 slightly mutated other drawings based on it (and since the drawing pool is limited to 1000 a time, it will kill a random 7 older pictures in the process). The image above overlays a random 150 picked from the pool of 1000 of one generation. The project is [still live to be voted at](http://mutatingpictures.com), also with an animal and a body pool in the making.

Edit: Update as per mod request - The data source used is my [MutatingPictures.com](http://mutatingpictures.com/faq), where the experiment and data collection was conducted. The tools used were PHP and Corel PhotoPaint.

Edit 2: So glad you're enjoying this!! It would be fun if we had a site where we could all together conduct such experiments daily, and add new ones regularly (always needs a lot of votes to work). I've also [zipped up](https://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/3sghqw/people_were_asked_to_vote_on_how_much_a_drawing/cwxhrut) the source vector data if anyone wants to play around with it. Here's [some more projects](https://outer-court.com) I've been working on.
it's huge.....


it's a lion
I think we just found out our evolutionarily encoded worst predator...
Sell me this on a t-shirt pls.
Every time I go to class, most of the nursing students are standing outside smoking. Every time I leave class, most of the nursing students are standing outside smoking. 
They lost me at "Asians smoke less than other ethnic groups". 
Reminds me of a South Park episode where famous multimillionaire Rob Reiner is baffled as to why poor people would choose to smoke cigarettes as their way to take a break, unwind, relax. 
Reiner states the obvious alternative "when I want to relax I spend some time in my vacation house in Hawaii!". 

Smoking does seem to be the go-to social relaxation tool of the working poor and it might be because it squares with physical labor, with the way work days schedule breaks, more likely working outdoors. 

For whatever reasons I just remember that every cook and every janitor I ever knew smoked. i mean, it had to be 95% and it seemed to match their kinda go-fast go-hard jobs then broken up into these 5 minute breaks then I suppose becomes part of their job-culture in its own right somehow.
Ph.D here. I smoke occasionally, but i have become increasingly ashamed of it. I feel like i am back in HS, forced to smoke in back-alleys and behind buildings because i don't wan't anyone i know to see me. 
ITT: people who have college degrees and can't understand how a study showing the average smoker is less educated doesn't mean all smokers are not well educated.

Although on the flip side I feel like it's almost confirming its own hypothesis.  "I have a degree and I smoke and I can't understand basic statistical analysis" basically writes itself.  
At my campus it's all the Asian students. Not the Asian American ones, the foreign ones. 
...and the president.
Study concludes that smart people lie about smoking.
Did you know nearly half of all Americans are below average intelligence?  :P
This just makes me want a smoke
Quote straight from the article says:

"People with lower levels of education tend to smoke at higher rates. The new data also show that smoking among people with graduate and undergraduate degrees has fallen more sharply over the past decade than among most other groups."
These days people who smoke are frequently self-medicating.  Problems with self-control makes it less likely you will be a person who can handle higher levels of schoolwork.   Not that all people who smoke lack self-control, but these days smokers are less about sociability and coolness and more about self-medication.

EDIT:  Since this is getting popular, I'll elaborate in more comprehensive, more fair detail.  Self-medicating is common for inability to cope/general anxiety, social anxiety, depression..  Also there's a genetic impulsivity issue that frequently shows up (people who fail the marshmallow test).   For all of these situations, nicotine tends to be a trap,  the poorer you are the greater trap it tends to be, because you are less likely to be able to access people who will provide you with appropriate coping skills.  (School counselors, non-stressed/distracted parents, therapists, a non-stressed community member, community resources, friends without the same maladies, and so on).   

Dealing with anxiety, dealing with social anxiety, controlling impulsivity, all of this can be learned.  Nicotine aggravates the underlying problem (will cause increased feelings of social anxiety, general anxiety, depression, impulsiveness while not using), while not buttressing real-life skills.   Alcohol has the same problems for social anxiety.  People without these issues who use alcohol and nicotine to socialize mask the problem, they aren't using it as a crutch, but out of convenience.  Smoking has lost a lot of these social-only smokers, so there's less of a mask.

I will also note that inability to cope also doesn't just mean the disorder - some people simply face much more stressful lives - more frequently when they are in poverty/come from poverty.     And again, the environment of poverty tends to make it harder to learn appropriate skills for the stressor. 
Have graduate degree, smoke. I'm bringing smoking back to the highly educated.
I'm surprised Native Americans were so high. I haven't heard any native american victims being in the news. 
Not American so it's none of my business politically, but this is really well presented.
I guess I'm not surprised but 47 deaths by taser is notable.
Damn, the majority of these people were armed, most of which with a firearm, and many engaged in a gunfight with the police officers.  Can't really blame the police officers for that...

After reading headline after headline in /r/news, I was expecting most of these to be blatant murder of unarmed civilians.  Confirmation bias, I guess.  Those stories get the most upvoted.
First impressions:

* Black people are 2.5 times more likely to be shot than white people
* Men are 21 times more likely to be shot than women

Is this correct?
My heart broke...

http://i.imgur.com/P1o5spu.png
As a public service, I try to always point out that in addition to body cameras, police shootings should be subject to very very open records laws.  But in fact most states have the legal right to withold police video/audio from police shootings as part of what's commonly known as a "law enforcement exemption."

I strongly believe many police shootings are not properly scrutinized because of these antiquated open records provisions. 


So more US citizens were killed this year by our own police department than all of the terrorist organizations of the world combined? 
"Fuck you, I'm moving to New Jersey"

-Staten Island
How is this dropoffs? I really doubt that many people are getting dropped off directly on the side of the highway immediately leading out of JFK
Man, you can see where Harlem starts
Your mom lives in midtown from the looks of it. 
&gt; “oh damn this is a mess, there are seven separate six foot tall millionaires all piled up on top of the ball and I have 100 rules to try and remember, where did that ball stop?”

Best quote
This post should be used as the example to show what /r/dataisbeautiful is about.

The graphs are simple, immediately understandable, and well labeled. The graph shown with and without the football field background is the perfect example of how adding simple, unobtrusive graphics make data immediately more understandable, and the text of the post clearly explains that process and why it's important.
Thanks for posting this! Happy to answer any questions on the analysis or conclusion.
This is really cool. I replicated the findings, and suggest an alternative that doesn't have anything to do with referee behavior. I also dropped drives that began at the 20-yard line, which may bias the results given the frequency of touchbacks and penalties, each if which land on multiples of five. 

http://statsbylopez.com/2015/11/04/on-the-spotting-of-the-ball-in-the-nfl/
I would assume you found this data from the NFL, and didn't actually watch all of those games to record all of those data points. Consider the fact that the people capturing the data are more inclined to say the ball was placed at the 35 than the 34.

The ball isn't always placed directly on the yard mark, it can be placed anywhere on the field, so if it's say, placed at 34 yard mark, but 1.5 feet between the 34 and the 35, most commentators actually say the ball is placed at the 35. Similarly, that would happen if it was between the 35 and the 36. I would be inclined to think people doing the recording this data would also record it that way. It's just easier to visually see where the ball is, as well as relay that to the audience.

Now, when the ball is between the 32 and the 33 yard mark, commentators have to pick one of those two yard marks to tell the audience where the ball is. They generally do it by which it is closer to. 

However, when there is a larger yard mark on the field, every five yards, they are more inclined to say the ball is placed at the 45, 50, or 35 than the 44, 49, or 36 when the ball is not right on a yard mark.

Perhaps that's the reason for the spikes. Over the course of one game, it might only happen a few times, but when you look at every snap over 15 years over every game, I think that's where you start to see those data points stand out.
Note that certain common penalties (e.g. false start, offsides) are 5-yard penalties that are applied from the previous spot, rather than the resulting spot of the play.  Which means that, given the high chance of a drive starting at the 20, the 25 and 15 yard line should also be more common than otherwise expected.  

You may be able to account for this directly by eliminating spots that resulted from penalties rather than plays with referee spot placement.

Also, players will often try to stretch for a first down (10 yards from the previous first down) if they are close to getting it, and will take additional risks to try to change a 9 yard gain to a 10 yard gain that they would not take to change a 10 yard gain to an 11 yard gain.  Thus, again, given the prevalence of drives starting on the 20, you would expect this to bleed into later spots being more likely on 10-yard boundaries, which, combined with the prevalence of 5-yard penalties, results in all of the lines being more likely.

I would love to see this data for drives that did not start with a touchback (e.g. not started on the 20), and also this data plotted as yards past the previous first-down line to see if that effect better explains the peaks. 
"[Christmas](http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=christmas&amp;start=20071015&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10)" seems to spike once a year some time around December.. weird
[The Narwhal Bacon correlation of 2010](http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=narwhal.bacon&amp;start=20071015&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10)
This made me chuckle http://i.imgur.com/7gfPKrD.jpg 
There's a [bizarre spike](http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=2008.2009.2010.2011.2012.2013&amp;start=20121207&amp;end=20150128&amp;smoothing=5) for every year as a search term roundabouts June 2014. Anyone know what that could be?

Edit: It is only in mid-2014, not mid-year every year, so its not something regular like graduation talk or the 4th of July
The [graph for bitcoin](http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=bitcoin&amp;start=20071015&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10) looks like a graph of its market value
Anime is increasing while sex is decreasing. Pretty obvious.
Ah yes, the [great meme spike](http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=meme&amp;start=20071014&amp;end=20150830&amp;smoothing=12) of February 2015....

Seriously, what's up with this?
[Kung vs Pao](http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=pao.kung&amp;start=20150304&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10)

[rise and fall of Unidan](http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=unidan.jackdaws&amp;start=20120609&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10)

[jackdaws vs crows](http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=jackdaws.crows&amp;start=20120609&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10)
[Why are there fuck spikes?](http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=fuck.shit.piss.cunt.motherfucker.tits.cocksucker&amp;start=20071015&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10)
I wonder why the alternate spelling "woah" emerged, and whether it will entirely supplant the traditional spelling "whoa."

https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=whoa.woah
Doge came out of nowhere and died pretty quickly:

http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=doge&amp;start=20071015&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10
[Dank Memes will never be as cool as Rage Comics were!](http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=dank_meme.rage_comic&amp;start=20071015&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10)

I forgot how huge those were for a while. That's how I first found Reddit. 
http://i.imgur.com/pMgPQTZ.png

The great paid mods scandal of 2015
I love things like this. Here are some I put together.

[Netflix and Chill](http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=netflix.chill&amp;start=20071014&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10)

[Bisexual vs Pansexual](http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=bisexual.pansexual&amp;start=20071014&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10)

[OkCupid vs Tinder](http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=okcupid.tinder&amp;start=20071014&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10)

[What is Reddit's most popular social network?](http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=facebook.twitter.instagram.snapchat.whatsapp.vine&amp;start=20071014&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10)

[Uber vs Lyft](http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=uber.lyft&amp;start=20071014&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10)

[Spotify vs Pandora vs Rdio](http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=spotify.pandora.rdio&amp;start=20071014&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10)

[Battle of the Internet Browsers](http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=chrome.firefox.safari.internet%20explorer.opera&amp;start=20071014&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10)

[Battle of the Operating Systems](http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=mac.windows.linux.android.ios&amp;start=20071014&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10)

[The rise and fall of Dubstep](http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=dubstep&amp;start=20071014&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10)

[Steve Jobs vs Bill Gates](http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=steve%20jobs.bill%20gates&amp;start=20071014&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10)

[2AM Chili and Ice Soap](http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=chili.ice%20soap&amp;start=20071015&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10)
[The golden age of reddit (gem, le, rage).](http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=gem.le.rage&amp;start=20071015&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10)
How did they find the information on the incomes of the wealthiest?

As a person who is interested in looking up wealth inequality in my own country, anything I google results in news articles or nothing of value.

My country is New Zealand
Remember, this is about "wealth" and does not include "income."

So all those folks in debt that make 100k a year, are on the far left. Their wealth is less than $0 but they are still doing fine in terms of material goods. This is what makes this video misleading. Income and Wealth both need to be considered when talking about inequality. Not just one or the other.

That said, nice visualizations; have an upvote.
Holy shit, Bernie Sanders wasn't exaggerating when he said the Middle Class is disappearing. 
I love how he says, "Do we really believe the CEO is working 380x harder than everyone else?" You don't get paid based on how hard you work. You get paid based on the VALUE you create. 

Did Steve Jobs create 380x more value than the kid in the blue shirt at the Apple Store? Uh...yes. Definitely yes. 
Not even American, but damn, that was sickening. 
The American economy is set up so that those of us with money make money even in bad times. 

I have a substantial investment account. When the stock market drops in value, I increase my purchases, because stocks are "on sale." When the stock market recovers, I might have a sudden 20% bump up in the overall value of my portfolio, and I switch my holdings back over to conservative choices to ride out the good times.

Since my credit score is near perfect, I can, in an emergency, get my hands on about $100,000 in credit cards within 7 days. I could ride out just about anything except a total societal meltdown or zombie apocalypse that way, and repay any debt later on from income. 

None of the economic problems our country might face hit me the way they do poor people. The poor lose their jobs, and they go completely broke, build up debt they cannot pay back, lose access to credit and loans, and lose their possessions. They lose access to medical care. They lose access to a diet they prefer.

That does not happen to me. 

Americans need to wake the fuck up and tax the shit out of the wealthy. There is no reason for anyone to have personal income higher than $1,000,000 a year. No one *needs* that. Until the 1980's, we taxed the very wealthy at 90% on income over $1 million. Now they do not pay taxes, because another benefit I have is that I can shelter my money. Unlike a poor person, I can make my income disappear through flexible health spending accounts, donations to goodwill, interest on mortgages that is gigantic, and other little loopholes like opening a non-profit and cycling the money back around to myself and my family.

America's tax system is completely broken. The system needs to be overhauled to almost anything else. The retail sales tax, the flat tax, or just a more progressive tax - anything would hit me harder and be more equitable so that I paid my fair share.


I have a small business. If I want to pay my employee more than someone else thinks I should, how is that their business to "regulate" (limit) the amount I pay? And who should decide the limit I can pay an employee? And how many employees can I have before it's someone else's decision regarding how much I pay my most valuable employee?
Personally I prefer my "Where's Waldo" audio books. 
Stop me if I'm wrong, but isn't it functionally useless to create this system if you have to feed it every solution to make it work? We already know with 100% certainty where waldo is, and if they ever make more waldo books, all bets might be off as to where the author decides to place him.
Isn't it possible that Waldo's location will always be totally random, but out of that randomness this pattern happens to emerge, meaning the density of his appearances wouldn't be predictive of future locations?
So, to get this right: _All_ the Waldo locations were fed into the algorithm, and then you were able to find Waldo pretty fast?

Wouldn't it be a bit more interesting to take 60 point as a learning set and setting aside 8 of the pictures as validation set?
"OC"?

I've seen this a many times before, lots of people have done this - and the article isn't even new. 

/r/quityourbullshit 

**Edit**: And OP "happens" to be a mod of this subreddit. Let's see how long before he deletes this comment.

**Edit 2**: OP even deleted other top posts to get this to the top for himself. Documented here:

http://np.reddit.com/r/undelete/comments/3qywmg/rdataisbeautiful_mod_just_deleted_all_posts_to/
I'm actually surprised Whatsapp shares nearly as many photos as Snapchat, interesting for a messaging app vs a purely photo based app.
TLDR: Big.
* Instagram --&gt; "quality" photos. 
* Facebook ---&gt; vacation/adventure photos (aka you probably post every month or so) 
* Snapchat ---&gt; low quality/snap everything and everything. 
* Whatsapp--- &gt; no idea. don't use it. Dont really understand how a messenger has more photo shares unless it has more users 
That's a LOT of dick pics.
I wish I had known this when my dad told me his minimum wage warehouse job in the late 60s/early 70s paid $1.60 an hour as an example of how he had it rough.
And this is why "since 1968" is such a common phrase in arguments about minimum wage.
I wonder what percentage of the work force was on minimum wage during these same periods.  And the age groups represented.

Interesting that the buying power has remained relatively steady over the years, but I see an even bigger problem with the way minimum wage is used versus the actual value.

For example:

- What if (numbers out of thin air) the 20% of jobs in 1968 paid minimum wage, but 40% of jobs in 2015 do?
- What if in the majority of minimum wage workers in 1968 were 16-20 (beginning of their careers) but in 2015 we don't see any stratification by age?

These stats aren't uninteresting, but I think they kind of misrepresent the issues surrounding minimum wage and living wage discussions.
Why do they converge? Oh wait, I am an idiot.
There's also a difference between a low wage that hasn't kept up with inflation and the buying power that wage provides.  Now THAT would be an interesting graph to see how minimum wage buying power changes over time.  
"Here are like ten charts about my masturbation habits..."

Interesting, how old are you?

"Sorry, that's private"
 
I need to start and finish an 8 page paper by midnight but I'm on reddit looking at graphs of some guy's masturbation habits
Twice a day for thirty days is actually pretty impressive. 
I don't want to be this interested in this.

but I am
Respectable decrease around 9/11. Good man. 
It looks like Halloween was a big night for you.  
I guess you don't take offence to being called a wanker?
I have collected this data for the last six months on how often I masturbate.

This is what I used

1. Google sheets to store data

2. My hand

3. Paint.net and Chartgo.com to make this visualization



EDIT: So some crazy person decided I needed gold, I never thought I would be awarded 5 times for wanking my dick.

MAN WHAT A TIME TO BE ALIVE 
Somewhere there is a nofap-er crying after coming across this post. 

Pun intended. 
My dick hurts looking at this.
You spent 3 hours jerking it on halloween?
Somewhere, someone... is masturbating to this.  
I think you should start a new category called "lost opportunities". It would include data relatable to people. For example, total  amount of time in terms of time to watch a season of The Bachelor. Or how many kids would you have by now and how old would the oldest be and the youngest fetus. Also, you present it in terms of how much money you could have made through sperm donation per week or month....annual salary if you will.
[deleted]
Just made this in Excel:
http://imgur.com/a/PWyQX
Proof that the number 4 is the most random number. Not confirmation bias at all.
Is there a sub r/dataiscool?  I feel like a lot of the charts on this sub present cool or interesting data, not necessarily in the most effective way.
So it really is a pi chart.
The total in that chart is 99.98. That means 0.02% of the numbers in pi is made up of non numbers 
Pi isn't just a base ten number, right? Be kind of cool to see the other radixes- up to say, hex, and base64.  
When I was a kid I thought for weeks/months about the end of the book "Contact". Still my favorite book. 
This is a textbook case for the worst use of a pie chart. Are there any variations? We sure can't tell by looking at the graph!
The info is interesting, but your usage of graphics is outstanding. I think I enjoyed looking at the data more.

For the record, I am *not* the author of the article. I'm just a headline purist, my apologies for any confusion.
To the girl on Reddit with the cat. Pm me. I also like cat. 
I remember there was a segment on radio station here in Toronto where they would read the funniest missed connections. I swear like more than 25% involved Walmart.
What's interesting is SF and LA (West Coast/CA) has 2x the ratio for M:F posts than the East coast. This isn't the first time I've seen similar data, but this confirms it again, there are more single women available on the East coast than the West coast, by a significant margin. 
I'd like to point out that just because the majority of Clinton's voters are without a college degree, that doesn't make them automatically unintelligent in any regard.   
There are more millennials with college degrees than there are in the 65+ age bracket.   
**Edit:** People aren't understanding what I'm saying, so I'll be more clear   
    
Clinton has mostly uneducated voters, proportionally.   
**BUT**   
I didn't want anyone to play the "Hillary's voters are dumb" card, so I wanted to point out that a significant number of her voters are 65+. This age bracket, baby boomers, are less likely to have a degree than the millennials in the 18-35 bracket.
How is this beautiful? It's a bunch of Microsoft word bar graphs.
All you have to do to know who's going to win the Democratic nomination is to look at the 2nd graph.  I don't know much about Bernie Sanders, but if Hillary Clinton has that much of an edge in 65+ aged voters, then she's going to get the nod.  I don't like her AT ALL, but unless something major changes in the next several months, this will be a foregone conclusion.
As is usually the case, when I see poll statistics trotted out, I'm reminded of the Mark Twain quote: "There are lies, damned lies, and statistics."
tl;dr Socialism is trending for 18-34 years olds. 
Chile and Argentina.....
When I re-read your article it just seems the title is wrong. It makes more sense when you state it is a comparison of solar noon vs. noon in the time zone. 

Our sunrise and sunsets move by around 5 mins per day here so the map would not be very accurate for that
It always kinda annoyed me how my country (France) is pretty much on the wrong timezone, on several levels. First of all, I live West of the Greenwich Meridian, and I get an Eastern European timezone. 

Secondly, goddamn Spain won't change to a more sensible timezone, so we can't really either because otherwise it would be even more of a confusing mess.

And most importantly, we once were on the right timezone - which would be pretty much international standard time, how about that - but the Germans changed it when they invaded us in WW2. What great memories to keep alive, eh?
I feel like we should have some sort of collaborative effort (such as an open google sheet or form) to get a really good distribution.  We could even include regional data and such.
if i see one more fucking skittles topic...
Wow! We got internet at home in 1994. I didn't know that was so little 
The numbers of users will be growing every time.  
Because More than half the world's population is still offline
comment on the 'beautiful' part

'states that expanded medicaid are outlined in black' didn't seem to work out too well

edit: seems i should clarify, i mean it's visually difficult to tell which states expanded medicaid in some cases, like utah (most borders are black, some are white) and virginia (northern border is black, southern border is white), and missouri (3 black, 1 white), etc
Anyone notice how Alaska jumped back to uninsured after only a year?
Just a rant. I'm in Texas, I went from a $40k a year job this time last year to a $24k a year job after 8 months of unemployment. Health insurance? No. I'm trying to keep a roof over my head and the utilities on. I'm trying to figure out how to eat on as few dollars as possible each week. I'm trying not to lose my car and keep up the insurance on that. I'm trying to figure out how to make $10.00 in gas money last two weeks at a time. I have way too many other priorities than to have to pay for insurance right now. I just can't do it, penalty or not. So, that's me, the bright purple area in northeast Texas. If you could zoom real close, you'd see me praying nothing major goes wrong healthwise this year.
Having insurance and having useful insurance are not the same thing.
I'm sick of this crap.  I am usually a conservative, and usually love the free market, but in this case, I deviate from free market ideas, because the free market has failed. 

When it comes to healthcare, we should just go to an NHS style system where everything is free at the point of use, paid for by a flat rate special payroll tax.

Then deregulate the insurance industry so that someone can pay for their own insurance if they want to be treated special when it comes to their healthcare.

Basic healthcare provided at no cost (at the point of use) that keeps everyone alive and provides relief of pain; or special health care at a cost.
What a misleading scale. 0-10% are one color, then we go by increments of 2%.
A similar issue was [brought up here](https://np.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/3rmnnz/which_is_better_the_movie_or_the_book_it_was/cwpf22i) with regards to Goodreads vs. IMDB data. Essentially it boils down to the fact that goodreads is biased positively.

Possible ways to account for this:

* Break it down to quantiles
* Use a z-score instead of a raw rating

Just my thoughts.
Did Shawshank Redemption not make the list?
Guys. This is a scatter plot with a 45 degree line across the middle. This is not beautiful. This is probably 5 minutes worth of work in R or python( looks like ggplot), or even excel if you just dumped it into a sheet. This is not beautiful, its just data.
Now let's compare what really matters.  Interest on debt to GDP.  Who cares how much debt there is if it costs you nothing to borrow.  
Next step is to correct this for inflation? 
Debt only ever matters if you can't pay for it. We borrow a dollar and use it to make two, so why would we ever stop borrowing dollars? Just like when you go into debt to buy a house. You could save up to pay 100% in cash, but that's not the most financially sensible option. The rest of the world's countries understand this which is why people are so willing to lend us money. The only threat to our ability to pay it back is that every year we have a huge, unnecessary government shut down crisis, which was what caused us to lose our triple A rating back in 2011.

But the "ever growing, ominous debt that's creeping into your house to steal your children and have sex with your spouse" is a great way to win easy political points.
The thing I find interesting is the minimum wage was highest right when the boomers were young adults and getting their start in this world.  When you could pay your way through college.  When union employment was still something like a quarter of all jobs.  Don't ever let them tell you today's generation is entitled, they had a better world than anyone in America had ever known and in one generation they've managed to destroy everything the two generations before them sacrificed to give them.  
Am business owner.  Hate paying more $$$$ than I have to, but FFS just peg it to inflation and be done w/ it.  
Hey now, I have a bone to pick.  I'm sure you didn't count all those "golly" and "gosh darnit"s, otherwise them Nebraskans would be all over the place. =P
I had to find some way to cope with the disappointing loss, so I made this visualization showing how much /r/CFB cursed during the Nebraska vs. Michigan State upset last weekend

Data source: The /r/CFB game thread. You can find that data [here](https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/1006484/msu-vs-nebraska.csv).

Tools: Python: PRAW for [gathering the data from Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/CFB/comments/3s0wjj/swear_words_per_minute_on_reddit_during_the/cwtdtp3), pandas for processing the data, and matplotlib for visualizing the data. Annotations were down by hand in OmniGraffle.

The graph shows the number of "fuck"s and "shit"s posted in the [game thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/CFB/comments/3rxx3y/game_thread_michigan_state_nebraska_700_pm_et/) during the game. I grouped the mentions by teams, which I determined with the poster's flair: Nebraska, Michigan State, Michigan (a special case here), and Other/No flair.

Credit to [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/3pckdc/swear_words_per_minute_on_reddit_during_a_college/) for the original idea.
It's interesting. But the thing is if you go through goodreads, the vast majority of books have at least a 3.5 rating. The worst book I've read recently (The Last Templar) is a 3.54 and it was terrible. All the twilight books are just over 3.5 and they're widely recognized as bad. Goodreads is just heavily shifted positively.
This is moronic, and I can't believe someone hasn't commented to this effect yet. I made an account just to bitch about this. Do you people even data science?

You can't compare scores from two different distributions as if they have the same meaning. Even *within* IMDB score distributions are meaningless. A '10' for a film is going to be scored on different criteria than a '10' for a TV episode. The set of people doing the scoring is different. Making this comparison with totally different baselines means nothing.

What's worse, *YOU CAN SEE THIS IN THE FUCKING DATA*. It's obvious that the mean GoodReads rating is higher than the mean IMDB rating, and it's obvious that both of these have nice, normal distributions. The conclusion is simple: GoodReads readers think the average book rates between a 7 and 8 out of 10, while the IMDB viewers think the average movie rates between a 6 and 7 out of 10.

In other words, there is nothing to fucking see here. A better way to do this graph would have been to transform these scores into Z-scores using the full distribution of IMDB &amp; GoodReads scores first - that way we're at least comparing them on a similar basis (stddevs from mean). If you do that, I guarantee any purported effect will vanish.
Again? THis is like the 3rd time ive seen it in the last 6months? 
I find it somewhat disingenuous that they refer to the firearms used to kill the NYC police officers as being traced to a GA pawn shop. They neglect to mention that those firearms were stolen from that pawn shop. 
Haha remember when the anti-gun Californian state senator was smuggling guns for local gangs while enacting ineffective gun legislation? 
What this shows is not guns going from places with soft gun laws to places with strict gun laws, if you give it a moment of thought, that's not the path of least resistance.  


There is some of that like Indiana to Chicago, but most of these are going up and down narcotics routes.  Why else would someone buy a gun in Washington, a state with moderate gun laws, and ship it to LA?  Las Vegas is so much closer.  The answer is marijuana and Canadian meth comes through there.  


This is another failure of the war on drugs creating criminal cartels with systematic power to protect other criminal endeavors.  Why else would you smuggle from Atlanta to Nashville, states with similar drug laws?  Why would people smuggle from Atlanta to Orlando and Orlando to Atlanta?  
Heh, PNIS.
Accurate audio transcription of 1:10 - 1:30 in the video.

wlodijfojdifoijdfpoijdfpojif WOP wodljfodjfojdjo WOP WOP.
wooijdojfpodjfpodjfopjdfoj WOP owijodjifodjfofdj WOP WOP. WOOOOP.
wojdofijodijfodjfodjfojdfodjfoj WOP owijoijdf WOP WOP.
owojowjioeijfoijefojioefjoeijfojfe WOP woijodijfod WOP WOP.

WOOOOOOOP.

wlodijfojdifoijdfpoijdfpojif WOP wodljfodjfojdjo WOP WOP.
wooijdojfpodjfpodjfopjdfoj WOP owijodjifodjfofdj WOP WOP. WOOOOP.
wojdofijodijfodjfodjfojdfodjfoj WOP owijoijdf WOP WOP.
owojowjioeijfoijefojioefjoeijfojfe WOP woijodijfod WOP WOP.

WOOOOOOOP.

WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOP.

**WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO (Speakers detonate) OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOP.**

Also a video and audio representation of 1:33 - 1:53 below:

[Transcription](https://youtu.be/Gq_bjaI0NTo?t=10)
Bogosort AKA stupid sort, slowsort, random sort, shotgun sort or monkey sort.


&gt; If bogosort were used to sort a deck of cards, it would consist of checking if the deck were in order, and if it were not, throwing the deck into the air, picking the cards up at random, and repeating the process until the deck is sorted. 

(Wikipedia)
[here](http://i.imgur.com/fq0A8hx.gif) is a gif comparing different sorting algorithms.
[removed]
Interesting, but not beautiful. 
Essentially to reach any where in the world I have to go 

Router -&gt; Modem -&gt; ISP -&gt; External site.

So I was having problems with my ISP's internet whenever I'd get home from work. For about 4 - 5 hours it seemed, the internet was essentially unusable (high pings &amp; horrible speeds).

I'd call my provider and they'd say it was because of my equipment, my cable lines, at one point even because they hadn't received payment yet (they did). I got fed up with it so I wrote a [program to log my ping](http://pastebin.com/1qnCXDw7).

Gathered the data and I've been sending it to them. After the first two days they FINALLY admitted it was because their servers were overloaded and they couldn't handle the customers they had. 

[Here's a view of just my router, modem and isp capped to 300 ms](http://i.imgur.com/TIqZD94.png)

This is done by taking the median ping every 5 minutes. Anywhere it peaks at 1000 it was essentially unresponsive for 5 minutes or longer. Open to suggestions on how to make this look nicer.

Edit: For those coming in late, [I've updated the graph based off some suggestions.](https://i.imgur.com/Ece8n1b.png) Still needs some love though, so I might try it again tomorrow morning.
2% of hockey players don't drink alcohol?  
Lax bros being lax bros
Basketball is lowest in every category... Would not have guessed that one
&gt;Lacrosse and Hockey players have the highest drug use rates

CANADA!  CANADA!
This explains why Archer played lacrosse.
Did you not include rugby because an alcohol consumption rate of 100+% would have broken your models?
Lacrosse has an issue about drugs!
Interesting information!

This is some beautiful data
Can someone please explain how about 15% of kids across the US fall into the 95th percentile (being obese according to this link)? I'm pretty sure math doesn't work like that
This should be in r/dataisdepressing
I think we can safely say the South won't rise again.
Can we make childhood obesity child abuse already? Obesity ruins your kids' joints, gives them diabetes and cardiovascular disease, stunts brain development, and leaves stretch marks across their skin, yet it's not considered abuse? I don't see how that less abusive than punching your kid.
How do we know this is the real distribution and you didn't falsify the data to promote your own agenda?
Pls follow-up with impact of posting data of Elon Musk retweet ;)
I know the graphic says this, but it's important to know Games 1 and 2 were played in Kansas City, and then game 3 was in New York.

The price sure went down when the Royals got their 3rd win. I guess NYers didn't want to go in person to see the Mets lose. 

Mets fans:

Game 3: Let's show support for our team!

Game 4: Hey, they won, let's keep this streak alive!

Game 5: Well shit... If they're going to lose, I want to be able to quickly turn off the TV.

This entire thing is copied directly from Andrew Gelman's blog: http://andrewgelman.com/2015/11/10/death-rates-have-been-increasing-for-middle-aged-white-women-decreasing-for-men/

What a bunch of scumbags.
What's causing this?
That's the trade-off for equal rights.

More stay at home dads = less stress for men = longer lifespan

More working mothers =  net stress increase for women = shorter lifespan

I'm not sure I'm correct by any means, but this seems plausible.
Technologies used:

- [React](https://facebook.github.io/react/)
- [D3.js](http://d3js.org/)
- [PIXI.js](http://www.pixijs.com/)

The data is from the [UNHCR](http://popstats.unhcr.org/en/asylum_seekers_monthly).

The whole project is open source, and can be found on [GitLab](https://gitlab.com/lucify/lucify-refugees).

Made together with [Juho](https://twitter.com/ojalajuho) from [Lucify](http://www.lucify.com).
Wow this is actually a great visualization, and the interactive part is a great addition. One of my favorite visualizations in this sub in a long time.

I like the ability to highlight a country to see specifically where it is losing to/gaining from. 

I wish I had something constructive to say about the data set itself.... something something look at Syria.
Perception is the wrong word here, association is more appropriate 
Deeply flawed study. The last time this was posted people pointed out that it's just asking people what their opinion of a colour is, not how they would actually subconsciously perceive it. There's a big difference between asking what you'd think about a guy [wearing a brown t-shirt](https://www.discountmugs.com/product-images/zoom/canvas-unisex-jersey-short-sleeve-t-shirt-3001c-brown.jpg), or a guy in a [fashionable brown coat](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/7b/7b/99/7b7b99f9e6c5ab94b0b8f2b6dd7743f2.jpg).
[deleted]
This is an advertisement and a poorly conducted and misinterpreted survey.
Very interesting. Would you mind if I printed them out to hang in a middle school library? I actually run contests where I wordcloud a book and then whoever guesses it correctly wins a prize. Usually a book.
Sorcerers stone??? Don't you mean Philosopher's Stone?
Bullshit. The study is clearly corrupt. Illinois managed to buy a D+. 

This is the state where our last governor is doing time because he tried to sell Barry Os senate seat. Like...that really happened. He legit tried to sell a senate seat. 
How corrupt is your state, huh? From their [page](http://www.publicintegrity.org/2015/11/09/18313/keeping-government-honest) on the State Integrity Investigation:

&gt;Does the Investigation measure corruption?

&gt;No. The project is not a measure of corruption, but of state governments’ overall accountability and transparency. The Investigation looks at both the laws in place and the “in practice” implementation of those laws in order to assess the systems that are meant to prevent corruption and expose it when it does occur. 

So no, that isn't what the visualization is showing.
I'm surprised California is one of the least corrupt states according to the data provided.
"How does each state rank for transparency and accountability?" is not "How corrupt is your state?"
A HC-SR501 PIR infrarot sensor is connected to my Raspberry Pi 2 and draws  charts with the monitoring tool munin. 

I use it to know my hammie Timmy is okay when I am away for a couple of days.

Edit: [This is a picture of Timmy.](http://i.imgur.com/ReygkEE.jpg) In the lower right you can see the PIR sensor.

I wonder how much influence the other Jons have on this data. There's Jon Arryn, Jon Connington, probably some other Jons...
It's not the hate crimes that are up, it's the escalating reaction to them that make them seem like they are up.
&gt;perceived public sector corruption

I guess you couldn't rank them based on corruption convictions, is there another way they could be ranked?

Reddit's not going to like how not red the US is.
I'm sorry, but this subreddit is called "DataIsBeautiful" not just "data."
Coming this fall.. Racist White People. Only on MTV™. 8/7c.
Both of these are the effects of globalization.  Chart them against the numbers of 3rd world poverty.
So much for Facebook is a dying medium.
"Religiously inspired" as if it is a bunch of different religions committing terrorism. I can't figure out why lefties can not bring themselves to say Islamic terrorism. I also love how he blames gun control at the end. As if AK47's are legal everywhere in France that's how these savages got them. 
The professor is lazy and wrote a shitty test.

This was on /r/videos last week. The "test bank" he accuses his class of cheating off of is provided by the textbook manufacturer. They are not intended to be real questions but more like examples of what questions could look like if you class uses their textbook. While the data do indeed show that these students studied off the bank of sample questions, that is not cheating. It's good studying. This professor is lazy and should write his own tests.
The beauty was he had nothing on them, he just threatened and hoped cheaters would come forward.
Now *this* is what every President, Prime Minister, etc. should have nearing the end of their term. This kind of thing should become a new standard of how good a leader was at keeping their promises.
This is pretty damn stupid to gauge empathy off of hashtags. I bet most people have had Paris on their minds pretty consistently for the days following the attack but it doesn't mean they're hashtagging and posting every thought. 
This is after tax income, so it makes sense that countries with higher taxes have lower after tax income.
That moment when you know somebody did cherry-picking, but you're too lazy to look into their method yourself and just wait for some kind redditor to do the job.
Wow, I kinda want a printed version of my favourite movie framed on my wall.
Finding Nemo is much less blue than you'd think
I was inspired by the Movie Bar Codes posted to reddit earlier, and wanted to write a program that creates a cleaner final product focusing solely around color choices. I created this program using Processing to code it in Java. Instead of compressing full frames into single lines, my version compiles it by the average color of each frame. (Longer movies have overlapping lines to fit in the same dimensions.) The result is a smooth spectrum of color that I think turned out pretty great!

If you've got any suggestions for movies to use, let me know. I'm also posting my favorites to my [online portfolio](http://dillonbaker.com/#/film-color-analysis/)  - if you're interested check there as well for new movies!

Wow, thanks for all the positive feedback! Since so many people asked, I made some full-size renders available for print at http://www.artpal.com/filmspectrum.  Starting at $10 for 20 inch prints!
If anyone is interested in how to make this yourself, you don't need a fancy program. This method is faster then OPs, because it can be faster than real time (but it uses disk space).

(This is the command line guide, so it may require advanced knowledge)

You just need to install [ffmpeg](https://www.ffmpeg.org/), and [imagemagick](http://www.imagemagick.org).

**Edit: See [barracuda415's improved version below!](https://np.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/3rb8zi/the_average_color_of_every_frame_of_a_given_movie/cwmqw2q)**

My version:

1. First, get the average color out of each frame in a video and save each one as a .png file.

        ffmpeg -i &lt;your movie file&gt; -vf scale=1:1 -r 1 &lt;output folder&gt;/%06d.png
2. Using imagemagick, merge all the colors together

        convert +append &lt;output folder&gt;/* out.png

3. Scale the output to the desired height

        mogrify -scale x50\! out.png

Bingo! 
My friend did this with 24 movies as a byproduct of comparing Hollywood vs. Bollywood use of colour in film. Here's the [imgur album](https://imgur.com/a/PxJMa), and here is the [analysis](https://np.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/22i3k6/wrote_a_script_to_show_frame_color/cgn1036).
Here's one of The Matrix: http://i.imgur.com/8AbArMz.jpg
This is one of my all-time favorite dataisbeautiful posts.
I used to be fervently opposed to government run healthcare, but the most convincing reason behind my complete 180 on this has been simply dealing with health insurance companies.

There's always an exception to my coverage, or some form that was lost or not submitted/signed by me or my doctor. The diagnosis code couldn't be read or fell under a different category of coverage than what a reasonable person would expect. Coverage not available because I forgot to disclose during that visit the two months I smoked tobacco over ten years ago, but was reported on a visit to a different doctor five years ago. I have to have my treatment reviewed and approved by some committee that doesn't include me or an appeals process. 

Fuck this. I'm done with it. Just take the money I pay Cigna each month in premiums for insurance that isn't there for me when I need it and fund single payer healthcare. Hell, even take some more since I'll still be covered if I lose my job. I'd rather see it be used to treat someone I don't know than to see Cigna take one more cent from me. 

Great thing is that I'm a young thirties millennial, and the way popular opinion is going on this topic, I'm damn certain I'm going to eventually see this happen. 

Fuck the health insurance companies, they did this to themselves. 
Is this controlled for burgers?

Edit: This is a joke, but the point is that overall health of a population can make a huge impact in average lifespan and cost of healthcare for a populace. Obviously, there are probably more significant factors influencing American healthcare, but this is a noteworthy variable.
Let me tell you, as someone who is going through the american health care system right now - it is a total and epic disaster. Any time someone tells me it's "just fine" I ask them if they have been to the doctor for anything other than their little sniffles they have. If you have a problem that your primary care physician can't handle it becomes a complete and total cluster fuck. Bills coming from doctor's you have never heard of, paying them off, getting them a few months later. Hospitals having CERTAIN DOCTORS not covered by your insurance and there's nothing you can do about it. Having tests sent away to other hospitals who aren't covered under insurance. I mean, I can go on and on. It's just such a drain on you that every time something else happens it just makes me more angry about it.
This is just anecdotal, but I've worked in acute care over ten years, and am married to someone who worked in healthcare in Europe before moving to the US.  


No one is mentioning the endless tests and procedures physicians have to order to protect themselves in the event of litigation.  Pretty sure no other countries have such a litigation driven healthcare system.  


Granny passes out on the floor, looks dehydrated.  Labs suggest dehydration.  Probably dehydration, needs fluids.  Buts she's also going to get a CT, telemetry bed, a Holter monitor, EEG, tilt table test- the Million Dollar Workup.  All the tests are negative, discharge diagnosis dehydration, expect those big fat bills in four to six weeks.
If we cut out the middleman, how else will insurance companies get rich?!?
These data sets usually don't control for things like homicide and accidents, two major contributors to premature death, and two problems that exist in the US at a higher rate than many other countries.  These are not principally healthcare problems, however.

Edit: to clarify, I'm not refuting the point, just pointing out a potential flaw.
People joke about this, but I've seen about a dozen of these types of candy distributions over the years on /r/DataIsBeautiful and no one has ever performed a proper sampling by looking at multiple bags of the candy. It's highly likely that we will see different distributions in different bags. This distribution is near-uniformly random.
I always like arranging them in an arch, like the seating in a multi-party/parliamentary democratic assembly, and pretending the different colors are different political parties. 

Green is the Environmental/Centre-Left Party

Red is the Far Left/Marxist Party

Orange is the Center-Right Party or the Monarchists

Yellow are the Centrists

Purple is the Far Right/Neo-Fascist Party

I particular enjoy this with the M&amp;M fun size packs. Ever pack is like a new election and you can plan out what coalitions will form and stuff. Makes snacking a lot of fun.
I had a leftover party sized bag of Skittles from Halloween and decided to graph it by sorting and arranging the Skittles themselves. 

Total number: 384

Red: 80 (20.8%)

Orange: 74 (19.3%)

Yellow: 74 (19.3%)

Green: 91 (23.7%)

Purple: 65 (16.9%)

Note: this is not a representative sample of all Skittles bags. I'd need more bags for that, which sadly I don't have
The purple ones in the UK and France are blackcurrant flavor.

BLACKCURRANT.  It changed my entire life.  Grape can go home for all I care.  
I'll just leave this here.


Screw you apple skittles, bring back lime.
Align the letters pls.
Fuck Skittles for replacing the Lime with Green Apple.

Now every bag of skittles I buy is a lie.
I really miss when this sub wasn't a default
That is because Daniel Craig is the most legit Bond based on the books. In the books Bond never gets the girl. If there is one she usually ends up dead, or in a relationship with someone else.  He doesn't have a bunch of stupid crap like laser watches and Swiss army shoes. He is just an angry, skilled, resourceful dude that gets the job done. 
At least me and Daniel Craig have something in common.
I am totally ok with Hollywood not shoving a love story down my throat in every movie, thank you.
Maybe he's mellowing as he gets younger.
It's interesting information, but a stacked chart is not appropriate here. The sum of the three categories is not a meaningful value, and the stacked nature makes comparisons between Bonds much more difficult. 
Daniel Craigs Bond has also been the most broken.  Alcohol is still a drug and has been used to drown out pain and/or emotions for a long long time since it's legal and easy to obtain.  Where as previous Bonds used it as a mild mood enhancer, only Craig comes off as being nearly addicted.  I'm honestly surprised that they didn't make the character get addicted to pain pills or something.

It's all about the "everything much be damaged and gritty" phase Hollywood is going through right now.
Its because porn is easily available and we dont need that in our movies anymore. We like drunks getting violent. 
Outstanding visualization.
There was no accounting for pirates.   

So how do we reduce CO2 in the air?
This data doesn't make much sense to me.

What scale are they using for volcanic activity, orbital changes, solar activity, greenhouse gases, aerosols, land use, and ozone.

Is there something I'm missing or is does the graph not have a y-axis measurement for the variables?
**WARNING WARNING** 

Trolls are commenting at an alarming rate. This is not a test. 
When models are built to fit the past data, the past data will fit the models.  

The ability of your model to predict the future is what we care about.

So, for me to care about this, they would need to show 2005-2015 observed data versus what is predicted by these models using data up to 2005.

Why don't they have this?

In fact, of course this is well-studied, that was the entire point of CMIP3/5.  As it turns out, models in general and this model in particular did absolutely horrible at predicting temperature going forward, generally predicting a much larger increase in temperature than was observed.  As such, there is clear room for improvement in climate models and this model is, in a word, wrong.  Although not necessarily the strongest factor, it is generally thought  that most models from this era (circa 2008-2011 for CMIP5) significantly overestimated the response of temperature to anthropogenic sources (and by corollary, underestimated natural forcings), with 111 out of 114 submitted runs from the models predicting higher temperatures than the observed temperature.  

For those in the peanut gallery, this would almost certainly indicate one or more biases in models, some kind of generally accepted groupthink that was wrong, to the general disgrace of climate modelers worldwide.  

Presumably CMIP6 will correct these errors, after which we'll see a whole raft of other hitherto unknown errors, which we can only hope will be smaller in magnitude.

A partial discussion of generally accepted errors in CMIP5 models can be seen starting on page 769 of this report:

https://www.ipcc.ch/pdf/assessment-report/ar5/wg1/WG1AR5_Chapter09_FINAL.pdf

As you might guess, the report on these models runs several hundred pages, and of course is only one analysis of the results, albeit the most important.  You can go as deep into the rabbit hole as you choose.

But hey, I guess this is dataisbeautiful, not dataisright, and it is pretty enough.  I just have this weird thing where misleading information presented as the truth bothers me.  There was nothing wrong with making the model, other than the biases the makers incorporated into it.  What was wrong is that journalists 5 years after the fact are presenting a model known to be deeply flawed as the unvarnished truth.

TL;DR  This model has been proven quite wrong by the observed data and the whole raft of climate models from this era are considered to be an example of modeler bias causing people to try to fit their data to the hypothesis rather than the other way around.

edit:  This is a very light treatment of the subject matter.  This is the reason we stopped calling it "global warming" and shifted to "climate change." Certainly very plausible reasons have been offered for partial explanations of why the models were wrong like "maybe the heat went into the oceans through some previously unconsidered mechanism" or "I think we need to better model water vapour in the upper atmosphere" or "maybe our aerosol decay modeling is really terrible" or the ever-popular "Our model doesn't have that kind of resolution. We are confident that it's correct in the long-term." but this was climate science's N-rays moment.  Any preconceived notions you may have had about the reliability of climate models should have been terminated from that moment forward and long-term issue isn't "why were all our models wrong" but "Why were so many of our top scientists in the field performing bad science?  What made nearly all of them discard recent measurements strongly suggesting temperatures weren't rising as much as anticipated by historical data as 'noise' rather than contemplating them representing flaws in the model?  Can we expect this to be an issue going forward, and if so, what actions should be taken to nullify what appears to be deeply embedded institutional bias?" 

I have no doubt that the next round of models will be an improvement over the previous round, by sheer dint of experience, better computers, and more data points, but what is at stake is how many iterations it takes us to hammer out "good enough" climate models.  Without them, we can't answer key questions like, "How much are water levels going to rise in Calcutta and how fast?" or "Will the Sahel continue to green because of climate change or is the greening temporary?" or "is California's drought a permanent 'new normal'?" or if you're Putin, "Can I expect global warming to increase Russia's farm yields to rise by 30% in the next 50 years, all else being equal?"

Or for the more science-fiction minded among you, "Could we get really big animals like dinosaurs and big-ass trees and bugs because of climate change given enough coal burning and enough time" 

Bonus round:  Really, temperature is pretty easy.  Half the reason all the of the models got it wrong is that they were pretty convinced they had solved all the big issues.  If you really want to see where the action is, try looking up their precipitation models.  Let's just say there's a lot of low-hanging fruit when it comes to improvements for precipitation models and they're still trying to get models to predict historical data.  It'll be awhile before they're in agreement of where deserts are going to form in 200 years.
Human made global warming denial is like denial in the seventies that cigarettes are bad for you. It reaches the level of pathetic. 
Holy Shit, Minnesota was the only (D) holdout in the 84 Reagan landslide.
Damn, Nixon destroyed it in '72
Before Clinton the chart is dominated by vertical stripes where the country largely votes one way or another. During and after Clinton the chart is dominated by horizontal stripes where states largely stick to one party. You could say tho that this really started with Nixon and Reagan was an anomaly.
"Don't change Dicks in the middle of a screw, vote for Nixon in '72"
Quick suggestion: would it be possible to extend the horizontal lines across the entire chart? It can make it difficult when quickly scanning across to not skip up or down a line.
Look it's [the assassination of Abraham Lincoln by John Wilkes Booth in a baseball cap!](http://i.imgur.com/jhX9VwG.png)
From Wikipedia:  "Johnson signed the fortified Civil Rights Act of 1964 into law on July 2.  Legend has it that as he put down his pen Johnson told an aide, "We have lost the South for a generation", anticipating a coming backlash from Southern whites against Johnson's Democratic Party."

Ain't that the truth.  How about 2 generations?  Amazing to see the switch.
In the past 9 elections, 14 states have voted for the same party every time: Alabama, Alaska, Idaho, Kansas, Minnesota, Mississippi, Nebraska, North Dakota, Oklahoma, South Carolina, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, and Wyoming. You have to go back 13 elections before 0 states have voted the same every time.
What happened with Alabama?
Ohio has voted for the winning president in over 92% of elections the state has voted. OHIO AGAINST THE WORLD WOO!!
Can someone explain the republican 80's?
Some more background and images can be found [here](http://blogoscoped.com/archive/2007-10-09-n18.html). For instance, if you vote a 7 out of 10 likeliness to a face for a random drawing, it will create an offspring of 7 slightly mutated other drawings based on it (and since the drawing pool is limited to 1000 a time, it will kill a random 7 older pictures in the process). The image above overlays a random 150 picked from the pool of 1000 of one generation. The project is [still live to be voted at](http://mutatingpictures.com), also with an animal and a body pool in the making.

Edit: Update as per mod request - The data source used is my [MutatingPictures.com](http://mutatingpictures.com/faq), where the experiment and data collection was conducted. The tools used were PHP and Corel PhotoPaint.

Edit 2: So glad you're enjoying this!! It would be fun if we had a site where we could all together conduct such experiments daily, and add new ones regularly (always needs a lot of votes to work). I've also [zipped up](https://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/3sghqw/people_were_asked_to_vote_on_how_much_a_drawing/cwxhrut) the source vector data if anyone wants to play around with it. Here's [some more projects](https://outer-court.com) I've been working on.
it's huge.....


it's a lion
I think we just found out our evolutionarily encoded worst predator...
Sell me this on a t-shirt pls.
Every time I go to class, most of the nursing students are standing outside smoking. Every time I leave class, most of the nursing students are standing outside smoking. 
They lost me at "Asians smoke less than other ethnic groups". 
Reminds me of a South Park episode where famous multimillionaire Rob Reiner is baffled as to why poor people would choose to smoke cigarettes as their way to take a break, unwind, relax. 
Reiner states the obvious alternative "when I want to relax I spend some time in my vacation house in Hawaii!". 

Smoking does seem to be the go-to social relaxation tool of the working poor and it might be because it squares with physical labor, with the way work days schedule breaks, more likely working outdoors. 

For whatever reasons I just remember that every cook and every janitor I ever knew smoked. i mean, it had to be 95% and it seemed to match their kinda go-fast go-hard jobs then broken up into these 5 minute breaks then I suppose becomes part of their job-culture in its own right somehow.
Ph.D here. I smoke occasionally, but i have become increasingly ashamed of it. I feel like i am back in HS, forced to smoke in back-alleys and behind buildings because i don't wan't anyone i know to see me. 
ITT: people who have college degrees and can't understand how a study showing the average smoker is less educated doesn't mean all smokers are not well educated.

Although on the flip side I feel like it's almost confirming its own hypothesis.  "I have a degree and I smoke and I can't understand basic statistical analysis" basically writes itself.  
At my campus it's all the Asian students. Not the Asian American ones, the foreign ones. 
...and the president.
Study concludes that smart people lie about smoking.
Did you know nearly half of all Americans are below average intelligence?  :P
This just makes me want a smoke
Quote straight from the article says:

"People with lower levels of education tend to smoke at higher rates. The new data also show that smoking among people with graduate and undergraduate degrees has fallen more sharply over the past decade than among most other groups."
These days people who smoke are frequently self-medicating.  Problems with self-control makes it less likely you will be a person who can handle higher levels of schoolwork.   Not that all people who smoke lack self-control, but these days smokers are less about sociability and coolness and more about self-medication.

EDIT:  Since this is getting popular, I'll elaborate in more comprehensive, more fair detail.  Self-medicating is common for inability to cope/general anxiety, social anxiety, depression..  Also there's a genetic impulsivity issue that frequently shows up (people who fail the marshmallow test).   For all of these situations, nicotine tends to be a trap,  the poorer you are the greater trap it tends to be, because you are less likely to be able to access people who will provide you with appropriate coping skills.  (School counselors, non-stressed/distracted parents, therapists, a non-stressed community member, community resources, friends without the same maladies, and so on).   

Dealing with anxiety, dealing with social anxiety, controlling impulsivity, all of this can be learned.  Nicotine aggravates the underlying problem (will cause increased feelings of social anxiety, general anxiety, depression, impulsiveness while not using), while not buttressing real-life skills.   Alcohol has the same problems for social anxiety.  People without these issues who use alcohol and nicotine to socialize mask the problem, they aren't using it as a crutch, but out of convenience.  Smoking has lost a lot of these social-only smokers, so there's less of a mask.

I will also note that inability to cope also doesn't just mean the disorder - some people simply face much more stressful lives - more frequently when they are in poverty/come from poverty.     And again, the environment of poverty tends to make it harder to learn appropriate skills for the stressor. 
Have graduate degree, smoke. I'm bringing smoking back to the highly educated.
I'm surprised Native Americans were so high. I haven't heard any native american victims being in the news. 
Not American so it's none of my business politically, but this is really well presented.
I guess I'm not surprised but 47 deaths by taser is notable.
Damn, the majority of these people were armed, most of which with a firearm, and many engaged in a gunfight with the police officers.  Can't really blame the police officers for that...

After reading headline after headline in /r/news, I was expecting most of these to be blatant murder of unarmed civilians.  Confirmation bias, I guess.  Those stories get the most upvoted.
First impressions:

* Black people are 2.5 times more likely to be shot than white people
* Men are 21 times more likely to be shot than women

Is this correct?
My heart broke...

http://i.imgur.com/P1o5spu.png
As a public service, I try to always point out that in addition to body cameras, police shootings should be subject to very very open records laws.  But in fact most states have the legal right to withold police video/audio from police shootings as part of what's commonly known as a "law enforcement exemption."

I strongly believe many police shootings are not properly scrutinized because of these antiquated open records provisions. 


So more US citizens were killed this year by our own police department than all of the terrorist organizations of the world combined? 
"Fuck you, I'm moving to New Jersey"

-Staten Island
How is this dropoffs? I really doubt that many people are getting dropped off directly on the side of the highway immediately leading out of JFK
Man, you can see where Harlem starts
Your mom lives in midtown from the looks of it. 
&gt; “oh damn this is a mess, there are seven separate six foot tall millionaires all piled up on top of the ball and I have 100 rules to try and remember, where did that ball stop?”

Best quote
This post should be used as the example to show what /r/dataisbeautiful is about.

The graphs are simple, immediately understandable, and well labeled. The graph shown with and without the football field background is the perfect example of how adding simple, unobtrusive graphics make data immediately more understandable, and the text of the post clearly explains that process and why it's important.
Thanks for posting this! Happy to answer any questions on the analysis or conclusion.
This is really cool. I replicated the findings, and suggest an alternative that doesn't have anything to do with referee behavior. I also dropped drives that began at the 20-yard line, which may bias the results given the frequency of touchbacks and penalties, each if which land on multiples of five. 

http://statsbylopez.com/2015/11/04/on-the-spotting-of-the-ball-in-the-nfl/
I would assume you found this data from the NFL, and didn't actually watch all of those games to record all of those data points. Consider the fact that the people capturing the data are more inclined to say the ball was placed at the 35 than the 34.

The ball isn't always placed directly on the yard mark, it can be placed anywhere on the field, so if it's say, placed at 34 yard mark, but 1.5 feet between the 34 and the 35, most commentators actually say the ball is placed at the 35. Similarly, that would happen if it was between the 35 and the 36. I would be inclined to think people doing the recording this data would also record it that way. It's just easier to visually see where the ball is, as well as relay that to the audience.

Now, when the ball is between the 32 and the 33 yard mark, commentators have to pick one of those two yard marks to tell the audience where the ball is. They generally do it by which it is closer to. 

However, when there is a larger yard mark on the field, every five yards, they are more inclined to say the ball is placed at the 45, 50, or 35 than the 44, 49, or 36 when the ball is not right on a yard mark.

Perhaps that's the reason for the spikes. Over the course of one game, it might only happen a few times, but when you look at every snap over 15 years over every game, I think that's where you start to see those data points stand out.
Note that certain common penalties (e.g. false start, offsides) are 5-yard penalties that are applied from the previous spot, rather than the resulting spot of the play.  Which means that, given the high chance of a drive starting at the 20, the 25 and 15 yard line should also be more common than otherwise expected.  

You may be able to account for this directly by eliminating spots that resulted from penalties rather than plays with referee spot placement.

Also, players will often try to stretch for a first down (10 yards from the previous first down) if they are close to getting it, and will take additional risks to try to change a 9 yard gain to a 10 yard gain that they would not take to change a 10 yard gain to an 11 yard gain.  Thus, again, given the prevalence of drives starting on the 20, you would expect this to bleed into later spots being more likely on 10-yard boundaries, which, combined with the prevalence of 5-yard penalties, results in all of the lines being more likely.

I would love to see this data for drives that did not start with a touchback (e.g. not started on the 20), and also this data plotted as yards past the previous first-down line to see if that effect better explains the peaks. 
"[Christmas](http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=christmas&amp;start=20071015&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10)" seems to spike once a year some time around December.. weird
[The Narwhal Bacon correlation of 2010](http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=narwhal.bacon&amp;start=20071015&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10)
This made me chuckle http://i.imgur.com/7gfPKrD.jpg 
There's a [bizarre spike](http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=2008.2009.2010.2011.2012.2013&amp;start=20121207&amp;end=20150128&amp;smoothing=5) for every year as a search term roundabouts June 2014. Anyone know what that could be?

Edit: It is only in mid-2014, not mid-year every year, so its not something regular like graduation talk or the 4th of July
The [graph for bitcoin](http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=bitcoin&amp;start=20071015&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10) looks like a graph of its market value
Anime is increasing while sex is decreasing. Pretty obvious.
Ah yes, the [great meme spike](http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=meme&amp;start=20071014&amp;end=20150830&amp;smoothing=12) of February 2015....

Seriously, what's up with this?
[Kung vs Pao](http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=pao.kung&amp;start=20150304&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10)

[rise and fall of Unidan](http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=unidan.jackdaws&amp;start=20120609&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10)

[jackdaws vs crows](http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=jackdaws.crows&amp;start=20120609&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10)
[Why are there fuck spikes?](http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=fuck.shit.piss.cunt.motherfucker.tits.cocksucker&amp;start=20071015&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10)
I wonder why the alternate spelling "woah" emerged, and whether it will entirely supplant the traditional spelling "whoa."

https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=whoa.woah
Doge came out of nowhere and died pretty quickly:

http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=doge&amp;start=20071015&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10
[Dank Memes will never be as cool as Rage Comics were!](http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=dank_meme.rage_comic&amp;start=20071015&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10)

I forgot how huge those were for a while. That's how I first found Reddit. 
http://i.imgur.com/pMgPQTZ.png

The great paid mods scandal of 2015
I love things like this. Here are some I put together.

[Netflix and Chill](http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=netflix.chill&amp;start=20071014&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10)

[Bisexual vs Pansexual](http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=bisexual.pansexual&amp;start=20071014&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10)

[OkCupid vs Tinder](http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=okcupid.tinder&amp;start=20071014&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10)

[What is Reddit's most popular social network?](http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=facebook.twitter.instagram.snapchat.whatsapp.vine&amp;start=20071014&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10)

[Uber vs Lyft](http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=uber.lyft&amp;start=20071014&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10)

[Spotify vs Pandora vs Rdio](http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=spotify.pandora.rdio&amp;start=20071014&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10)

[Battle of the Internet Browsers](http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=chrome.firefox.safari.internet%20explorer.opera&amp;start=20071014&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10)

[Battle of the Operating Systems](http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=mac.windows.linux.android.ios&amp;start=20071014&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10)

[The rise and fall of Dubstep](http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=dubstep&amp;start=20071014&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10)

[Steve Jobs vs Bill Gates](http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=steve%20jobs.bill%20gates&amp;start=20071014&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10)

[2AM Chili and Ice Soap](http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=chili.ice%20soap&amp;start=20071015&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10)
[The golden age of reddit (gem, le, rage).](http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/reddit-ngram/?keyword=gem.le.rage&amp;start=20071015&amp;end=20150831&amp;smoothing=10)
How did they find the information on the incomes of the wealthiest?

As a person who is interested in looking up wealth inequality in my own country, anything I google results in news articles or nothing of value.

My country is New Zealand
Remember, this is about "wealth" and does not include "income."

So all those folks in debt that make 100k a year, are on the far left. Their wealth is less than $0 but they are still doing fine in terms of material goods. This is what makes this video misleading. Income and Wealth both need to be considered when talking about inequality. Not just one or the other.

That said, nice visualizations; have an upvote.
Holy shit, Bernie Sanders wasn't exaggerating when he said the Middle Class is disappearing. 
I love how he says, "Do we really believe the CEO is working 380x harder than everyone else?" You don't get paid based on how hard you work. You get paid based on the VALUE you create. 

Did Steve Jobs create 380x more value than the kid in the blue shirt at the Apple Store? Uh...yes. Definitely yes. 
Not even American, but damn, that was sickening. 
The American economy is set up so that those of us with money make money even in bad times. 

I have a substantial investment account. When the stock market drops in value, I increase my purchases, because stocks are "on sale." When the stock market recovers, I might have a sudden 20% bump up in the overall value of my portfolio, and I switch my holdings back over to conservative choices to ride out the good times.

Since my credit score is near perfect, I can, in an emergency, get my hands on about $100,000 in credit cards within 7 days. I could ride out just about anything except a total societal meltdown or zombie apocalypse that way, and repay any debt later on from income. 

None of the economic problems our country might face hit me the way they do poor people. The poor lose their jobs, and they go completely broke, build up debt they cannot pay back, lose access to credit and loans, and lose their possessions. They lose access to medical care. They lose access to a diet they prefer.

That does not happen to me. 

Americans need to wake the fuck up and tax the shit out of the wealthy. There is no reason for anyone to have personal income higher than $1,000,000 a year. No one *needs* that. Until the 1980's, we taxed the very wealthy at 90% on income over $1 million. Now they do not pay taxes, because another benefit I have is that I can shelter my money. Unlike a poor person, I can make my income disappear through flexible health spending accounts, donations to goodwill, interest on mortgages that is gigantic, and other little loopholes like opening a non-profit and cycling the money back around to myself and my family.

America's tax system is completely broken. The system needs to be overhauled to almost anything else. The retail sales tax, the flat tax, or just a more progressive tax - anything would hit me harder and be more equitable so that I paid my fair share.


I have a small business. If I want to pay my employee more than someone else thinks I should, how is that their business to "regulate" (limit) the amount I pay? And who should decide the limit I can pay an employee? And how many employees can I have before it's someone else's decision regarding how much I pay my most valuable employee?
Personally I prefer my "Where's Waldo" audio books. 
Stop me if I'm wrong, but isn't it functionally useless to create this system if you have to feed it every solution to make it work? We already know with 100% certainty where waldo is, and if they ever make more waldo books, all bets might be off as to where the author decides to place him.
Isn't it possible that Waldo's location will always be totally random, but out of that randomness this pattern happens to emerge, meaning the density of his appearances wouldn't be predictive of future locations?
So, to get this right: _All_ the Waldo locations were fed into the algorithm, and then you were able to find Waldo pretty fast?

Wouldn't it be a bit more interesting to take 60 point as a learning set and setting aside 8 of the pictures as validation set?
Has this been updated since the last time you posted it? If not, why have you reposted it?
"OC"?

I've seen this a many times before, lots of people have done this - and the article isn't even new. 

/r/quityourbullshit 

**Edit**: And OP "happens" to be a mod of this subreddit. Let's see how long before he deletes this comment.

**Edit 2**: OP even deleted other top posts to get this to the top for himself. Documented here:

http://np.reddit.com/r/undelete/comments/3qywmg/rdataisbeautiful_mod_just_deleted_all_posts_to/
I'm actually surprised Whatsapp shares nearly as many photos as Snapchat, interesting for a messaging app vs a purely photo based app.
TLDR: Big.
* Instagram --&gt; "quality" photos. 
* Facebook ---&gt; vacation/adventure photos (aka you probably post every month or so) 
* Snapchat ---&gt; low quality/snap everything and everything. 
* Whatsapp--- &gt; no idea. don't use it. Dont really understand how a messenger has more photo shares unless it has more users 
That's a LOT of dick pics.
I wish I had known this when my dad told me his minimum wage warehouse job in the late 60s/early 70s paid $1.60 an hour as an example of how he had it rough.
And this is why "since 1968" is such a common phrase in arguments about minimum wage.
I wonder what percentage of the work force was on minimum wage during these same periods.  And the age groups represented.

Interesting that the buying power has remained relatively steady over the years, but I see an even bigger problem with the way minimum wage is used versus the actual value.

For example:

- What if (numbers out of thin air) the 20% of jobs in 1968 paid minimum wage, but 40% of jobs in 2015 do?
- What if in the majority of minimum wage workers in 1968 were 16-20 (beginning of their careers) but in 2015 we don't see any stratification by age?

These stats aren't uninteresting, but I think they kind of misrepresent the issues surrounding minimum wage and living wage discussions.
Why do they converge? Oh wait, I am an idiot.
There's also a difference between a low wage that hasn't kept up with inflation and the buying power that wage provides.  Now THAT would be an interesting graph to see how minimum wage buying power changes over time.  
"Here are like ten charts about my masturbation habits..."

Interesting, how old are you?

"Sorry, that's private"
 
I need to start and finish an 8 page paper by midnight but I'm on reddit looking at graphs of some guy's masturbation habits
Twice a day for thirty days is actually pretty impressive. 
I don't want to be this interested in this.

but I am
Respectable decrease around 9/11. Good man. 
It looks like Halloween was a big night for you.  
I guess you don't take offence to being called a wanker?
I have collected this data for the last six months on how often I masturbate.

This is what I used

1. Google sheets to store data

2. My hand

3. Paint.net and Chartgo.com to make this visualization



EDIT: So some crazy person decided I needed gold, I never thought I would be awarded 5 times for wanking my dick.

MAN WHAT A TIME TO BE ALIVE 
Somewhere there is a nofap-er crying after coming across this post. 

Pun intended. 
My dick hurts looking at this.
You spent 3 hours jerking it on halloween?
Somewhere, someone... is masturbating to this.  
I think you should start a new category called "lost opportunities". It would include data relatable to people. For example, total  amount of time in terms of time to watch a season of The Bachelor. Or how many kids would you have by now and how old would the oldest be and the youngest fetus. Also, you present it in terms of how much money you could have made through sperm donation per week or month....annual salary if you will.
[deleted]
Just made this in Excel:
http://imgur.com/a/PWyQX
Proof that the number 4 is the most random number. Not confirmation bias at all.
Is there a sub r/dataiscool?  I feel like a lot of the charts on this sub present cool or interesting data, not necessarily in the most effective way.
So it really is a pi chart.
The total in that chart is 99.98. That means 0.02% of the numbers in pi is made up of non numbers 
Pi isn't just a base ten number, right? Be kind of cool to see the other radixes- up to say, hex, and base64.  
When I was a kid I thought for weeks/months about the end of the book "Contact". Still my favorite book. 
This is a textbook case for the worst use of a pie chart. Are there any variations? We sure can't tell by looking at the graph!
The info is interesting, but your usage of graphics is outstanding. I think I enjoyed looking at the data more.

For the record, I am *not* the author of the article. I'm just a headline purist, my apologies for any confusion.
To the girl on Reddit with the cat. Pm me. I also like cat. 
I remember there was a segment on radio station here in Toronto where they would read the funniest missed connections. I swear like more than 25% involved Walmart.
What's interesting is SF and LA (West Coast/CA) has 2x the ratio for M:F posts than the East coast. This isn't the first time I've seen similar data, but this confirms it again, there are more single women available on the East coast than the West coast, by a significant margin. 
I'd like to point out that just because the majority of Clinton's voters are without a college degree, that doesn't make them automatically unintelligent in any regard.   
There are more millennials with college degrees than there are in the 65+ age bracket.   
**Edit:** People aren't understanding what I'm saying, so I'll be more clear   
    
Clinton has mostly uneducated voters, proportionally.   
**BUT**   
I didn't want anyone to play the "Hillary's voters are dumb" card, so I wanted to point out that a significant number of her voters are 65+. This age bracket, baby boomers, are less likely to have a degree than the millennials in the 18-35 bracket.
How is this beautiful? It's a bunch of Microsoft word bar graphs.
All you have to do to know who's going to win the Democratic nomination is to look at the 2nd graph.  I don't know much about Bernie Sanders, but if Hillary Clinton has that much of an edge in 65+ aged voters, then she's going to get the nod.  I don't like her AT ALL, but unless something major changes in the next several months, this will be a foregone conclusion.
As is usually the case, when I see poll statistics trotted out, I'm reminded of the Mark Twain quote: "There are lies, damned lies, and statistics."
tl;dr Socialism is trending for 18-34 years olds. 
Chile and Argentina.....
When I re-read your article it just seems the title is wrong. It makes more sense when you state it is a comparison of solar noon vs. noon in the time zone. 

Our sunrise and sunsets move by around 5 mins per day here so the map would not be very accurate for that
It always kinda annoyed me how my country (France) is pretty much on the wrong timezone, on several levels. First of all, I live West of the Greenwich Meridian, and I get an Eastern European timezone. 

Secondly, goddamn Spain won't change to a more sensible timezone, so we can't really either because otherwise it would be even more of a confusing mess.

And most importantly, we once were on the right timezone - which would be pretty much international standard time, how about that - but the Germans changed it when they invaded us in WW2. What great memories to keep alive, eh?
I feel like we should have some sort of collaborative effort (such as an open google sheet or form) to get a really good distribution.  We could even include regional data and such.
if i see one more fucking skittles topic...
Wow! We got internet at home in 1994. I didn't know that was so little 
The numbers of users will be growing every time.  
Because More than half the world's population is still offline
comment on the 'beautiful' part

'states that expanded medicaid are outlined in black' didn't seem to work out too well

edit: seems i should clarify, i mean it's visually difficult to tell which states expanded medicaid in some cases, like utah (most borders are black, some are white) and virginia (northern border is black, southern border is white), and missouri (3 black, 1 white), etc
Anyone notice how Alaska jumped back to uninsured after only a year?
Just a rant. I'm in Texas, I went from a $40k a year job this time last year to a $24k a year job after 8 months of unemployment. Health insurance? No. I'm trying to keep a roof over my head and the utilities on. I'm trying to figure out how to eat on as few dollars as possible each week. I'm trying not to lose my car and keep up the insurance on that. I'm trying to figure out how to make $10.00 in gas money last two weeks at a time. I have way too many other priorities than to have to pay for insurance right now. I just can't do it, penalty or not. So, that's me, the bright purple area in northeast Texas. If you could zoom real close, you'd see me praying nothing major goes wrong healthwise this year.
Having insurance and having useful insurance are not the same thing.
I'm sick of this crap.  I am usually a conservative, and usually love the free market, but in this case, I deviate from free market ideas, because the free market has failed. 

When it comes to healthcare, we should just go to an NHS style system where everything is free at the point of use, paid for by a flat rate special payroll tax.

Then deregulate the insurance industry so that someone can pay for their own insurance if they want to be treated special when it comes to their healthcare.

Basic healthcare provided at no cost (at the point of use) that keeps everyone alive and provides relief of pain; or special health care at a cost.
What a misleading scale. 0-10% are one color, then we go by increments of 2%.
A similar issue was [brought up here](https://np.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/3rmnnz/which_is_better_the_movie_or_the_book_it_was/cwpf22i) with regards to Goodreads vs. IMDB data. Essentially it boils down to the fact that goodreads is biased positively.

Possible ways to account for this:

* Break it down to quantiles
* Use a z-score instead of a raw rating

Just my thoughts.
Did Shawshank Redemption not make the list?
Guys. This is a scatter plot with a 45 degree line across the middle. This is not beautiful. This is probably 5 minutes worth of work in R or python( looks like ggplot), or even excel if you just dumped it into a sheet. This is not beautiful, its just data.
Now let's compare what really matters.  Interest on debt to GDP.  Who cares how much debt there is if it costs you nothing to borrow.  
Next step is to correct this for inflation? 
Ideology aside, this article (particularly, the last two paragraphs) does a disservice by conflating the national debt with the debt ceiling.  The so-called "debt ceiling" affects the ability of the U.S. Treasury to make good on obligations that have already been approved in the budget and appropriated.  This is separate from the debt itself.
Debt only ever matters if you can't pay for it. We borrow a dollar and use it to make two, so why would we ever stop borrowing dollars? Just like when you go into debt to buy a house. You could save up to pay 100% in cash, but that's not the most financially sensible option. The rest of the world's countries understand this which is why people are so willing to lend us money. The only threat to our ability to pay it back is that every year we have a huge, unnecessary government shut down crisis, which was what caused us to lose our triple A rating back in 2011.

But the "ever growing, ominous debt that's creeping into your house to steal your children and have sex with your spouse" is a great way to win easy political points.
The thing I find interesting is the minimum wage was highest right when the boomers were young adults and getting their start in this world.  When you could pay your way through college.  When union employment was still something like a quarter of all jobs.  Don't ever let them tell you today's generation is entitled, they had a better world than anyone in America had ever known and in one generation they've managed to destroy everything the two generations before them sacrificed to give them.  
Am business owner.  Hate paying more $$$$ than I have to, but FFS just peg it to inflation and be done w/ it.  
Hey now, I have a bone to pick.  I'm sure you didn't count all those "golly" and "gosh darnit"s, otherwise them Nebraskans would be all over the place. =P
I had to find some way to cope with the disappointing loss, so I made this visualization showing how much /r/CFB cursed during the Nebraska vs. Michigan State upset last weekend

Data source: The /r/CFB game thread. You can find that data [here](https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/1006484/msu-vs-nebraska.csv).

Tools: Python: PRAW for [gathering the data from Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/CFB/comments/3s0wjj/swear_words_per_minute_on_reddit_during_the/cwtdtp3), pandas for processing the data, and matplotlib for visualizing the data. Annotations were down by hand in OmniGraffle.

The graph shows the number of "fuck"s and "shit"s posted in the [game thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/CFB/comments/3rxx3y/game_thread_michigan_state_nebraska_700_pm_et/) during the game. I grouped the mentions by teams, which I determined with the poster's flair: Nebraska, Michigan State, Michigan (a special case here), and Other/No flair.

Credit to [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/3pckdc/swear_words_per_minute_on_reddit_during_a_college/) for the original idea.
It's interesting. But the thing is if you go through goodreads, the vast majority of books have at least a 3.5 rating. The worst book I've read recently (The Last Templar) is a 3.54 and it was terrible. All the twilight books are just over 3.5 and they're widely recognized as bad. Goodreads is just heavily shifted positively.
This is moronic, and I can't believe someone hasn't commented to this effect yet. I made an account just to bitch about this. Do you people even data science?

You can't compare scores from two different distributions as if they have the same meaning. Even *within* IMDB score distributions are meaningless. A '10' for a film is going to be scored on different criteria than a '10' for a TV episode. The set of people doing the scoring is different. Making this comparison with totally different baselines means nothing.

What's worse, *YOU CAN SEE THIS IN THE FUCKING DATA*. It's obvious that the mean GoodReads rating is higher than the mean IMDB rating, and it's obvious that both of these have nice, normal distributions. The conclusion is simple: GoodReads readers think the average book rates between a 7 and 8 out of 10, while the IMDB viewers think the average movie rates between a 6 and 7 out of 10.

In other words, there is nothing to fucking see here. A better way to do this graph would have been to transform these scores into Z-scores using the full distribution of IMDB &amp; GoodReads scores first - that way we're at least comparing them on a similar basis (stddevs from mean). If you do that, I guarantee any purported effect will vanish.
Again? THis is like the 3rd time ive seen it in the last 6months? 
I find it somewhat disingenuous that they refer to the firearms used to kill the NYC police officers as being traced to a GA pawn shop. They neglect to mention that those firearms were stolen from that pawn shop. 
Haha remember when the anti-gun Californian state senator was smuggling guns for local gangs while enacting ineffective gun legislation? 
What this shows is not guns going from places with soft gun laws to places with strict gun laws, if you give it a moment of thought, that's not the path of least resistance.  


There is some of that like Indiana to Chicago, but most of these are going up and down narcotics routes.  Why else would someone buy a gun in Washington, a state with moderate gun laws, and ship it to LA?  Las Vegas is so much closer.  The answer is marijuana and Canadian meth comes through there.  


This is another failure of the war on drugs creating criminal cartels with systematic power to protect other criminal endeavors.  Why else would you smuggle from Atlanta to Nashville, states with similar drug laws?  Why would people smuggle from Atlanta to Orlando and Orlando to Atlanta?  
Heh, PNIS.
Accurate audio transcription of 1:10 - 1:30 in the video.

wlodijfojdifoijdfpoijdfpojif WOP wodljfodjfojdjo WOP WOP.
wooijdojfpodjfpodjfopjdfoj WOP owijodjifodjfofdj WOP WOP. WOOOOP.
wojdofijodijfodjfodjfojdfodjfoj WOP owijoijdf WOP WOP.
owojowjioeijfoijefojioefjoeijfojfe WOP woijodijfod WOP WOP.

WOOOOOOOP.

wlodijfojdifoijdfpoijdfpojif WOP wodljfodjfojdjo WOP WOP.
wooijdojfpodjfpodjfopjdfoj WOP owijodjifodjfofdj WOP WOP. WOOOOP.
wojdofijodijfodjfodjfojdfodjfoj WOP owijoijdf WOP WOP.
owojowjioeijfoijefojioefjoeijfojfe WOP woijodijfod WOP WOP.

WOOOOOOOP.

WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOP.

**WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO (Speakers detonate) OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOP.**

Also a video and audio representation of 1:33 - 1:53 below:

[Transcription](https://youtu.be/Gq_bjaI0NTo?t=10)
Bogosort AKA stupid sort, slowsort, random sort, shotgun sort or monkey sort.


&gt; If bogosort were used to sort a deck of cards, it would consist of checking if the deck were in order, and if it were not, throwing the deck into the air, picking the cards up at random, and repeating the process until the deck is sorted. 

(Wikipedia)
[here](http://i.imgur.com/fq0A8hx.gif) is a gif comparing different sorting algorithms.
[removed]
Interesting, but not beautiful. 
Essentially to reach any where in the world I have to go 

Router -&gt; Modem -&gt; ISP -&gt; External site.

So I was having problems with my ISP's internet whenever I'd get home from work. For about 4 - 5 hours it seemed, the internet was essentially unusable (high pings &amp; horrible speeds).

I'd call my provider and they'd say it was because of my equipment, my cable lines, at one point even because they hadn't received payment yet (they did). I got fed up with it so I wrote a [program to log my ping](http://pastebin.com/1qnCXDw7).

Gathered the data and I've been sending it to them. After the first two days they FINALLY admitted it was because their servers were overloaded and they couldn't handle the customers they had. 

[Here's a view of just my router, modem and isp capped to 300 ms](http://i.imgur.com/TIqZD94.png)

This is done by taking the median ping every 5 minutes. Anywhere it peaks at 1000 it was essentially unresponsive for 5 minutes or longer. Open to suggestions on how to make this look nicer.

Edit: For those coming in late, [I've updated the graph based off some suggestions.](https://i.imgur.com/Ece8n1b.png) Still needs some love though, so I might try it again tomorrow morning.
2% of hockey players don't drink alcohol?  
Lax bros being lax bros
Basketball is lowest in every category... Would not have guessed that one
&gt;Lacrosse and Hockey players have the highest drug use rates

CANADA!  CANADA!
This explains why Archer played lacrosse.
Did you not include rugby because an alcohol consumption rate of 100+% would have broken your models?
Lacrosse has an issue about drugs!
Interesting information!

This is some beautiful data
Can someone please explain how about 15% of kids across the US fall into the 95th percentile (being obese according to this link)? I'm pretty sure math doesn't work like that
This should be in r/dataisdepressing
I think we can safely say the South won't rise again.
Can we make childhood obesity child abuse already? Obesity ruins your kids' joints, gives them diabetes and cardiovascular disease, stunts brain development, and leaves stretch marks across their skin, yet it's not considered abuse? I don't see how that less abusive than punching your kid.
How do we know this is the real distribution and you didn't falsify the data to promote your own agenda?
Pls follow-up with impact of posting data of Elon Musk retweet ;)
I know the graphic says this, but it's important to know Games 1 and 2 were played in Kansas City, and then game 3 was in New York.

The price sure went down when the Royals got their 3rd win. I guess NYers didn't want to go in person to see the Mets lose. 

Mets fans:

Game 3: Let's show support for our team!

Game 4: Hey, they won, let's keep this streak alive!

Game 5: Well shit... If they're going to lose, I want to be able to quickly turn off the TV.

This entire thing is copied directly from Andrew Gelman's blog: http://andrewgelman.com/2015/11/10/death-rates-have-been-increasing-for-middle-aged-white-women-decreasing-for-men/

What a bunch of scumbags.
What's causing this?
That's the trade-off for equal rights.

More stay at home dads = less stress for men = longer lifespan

More working mothers =  net stress increase for women = shorter lifespan

I'm not sure I'm correct by any means, but this seems plausible.
Technologies used:

- [React](https://facebook.github.io/react/)
- [D3.js](http://d3js.org/)
- [PIXI.js](http://www.pixijs.com/)

The data is from the [UNHCR](http://popstats.unhcr.org/en/asylum_seekers_monthly).

The whole project is open source, and can be found on [GitLab](https://gitlab.com/lucify/lucify-refugees).

Made together with [Juho](https://twitter.com/ojalajuho) from [Lucify](http://www.lucify.com).
Wow this is actually a great visualization, and the interactive part is a great addition. One of my favorite visualizations in this sub in a long time.

I like the ability to highlight a country to see specifically where it is losing to/gaining from. 

I wish I had something constructive to say about the data set itself.... something something look at Syria.
Perception is the wrong word here, association is more appropriate 
Deeply flawed study. The last time this was posted people pointed out that it's just asking people what their opinion of a colour is, not how they would actually subconsciously perceive it. There's a big difference between asking what you'd think about a guy [wearing a brown t-shirt](https://www.discountmugs.com/product-images/zoom/canvas-unisex-jersey-short-sleeve-t-shirt-3001c-brown.jpg), or a guy in a [fashionable brown coat](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/7b/7b/99/7b7b99f9e6c5ab94b0b8f2b6dd7743f2.jpg).
[deleted]
This is an advertisement and a poorly conducted and misinterpreted survey.
Very interesting. Would you mind if I printed them out to hang in a middle school library? I actually run contests where I wordcloud a book and then whoever guesses it correctly wins a prize. Usually a book.
Bullshit. The study is clearly corrupt. Illinois managed to buy a D+. 

This is the state where our last governor is doing time because he tried to sell Barry Os senate seat. Like...that really happened. He legit tried to sell a senate seat. 
How corrupt is your state, huh? From their [page](http://www.publicintegrity.org/2015/11/09/18313/keeping-government-honest) on the State Integrity Investigation:

&gt;Does the Investigation measure corruption?

&gt;No. The project is not a measure of corruption, but of state governments’ overall accountability and transparency. The Investigation looks at both the laws in place and the “in practice” implementation of those laws in order to assess the systems that are meant to prevent corruption and expose it when it does occur. 

So no, that isn't what the visualization is showing.
I'm surprised California is one of the least corrupt states according to the data provided.
A HC-SR501 PIR infrarot sensor is connected to my Raspberry Pi 2 and draws  charts with the monitoring tool munin. 

I use it to know my hammie Timmy is okay when I am away for a couple of days.

Edit: [This is a picture of Timmy.](http://i.imgur.com/ReygkEE.jpg) In the lower right you can see the PIR sensor.

It's not the hate crimes that are up, it's the escalating reaction to them that make them seem like they are up.
&gt;perceived public sector corruption

I guess you couldn't rank them based on corruption convictions, is there another way they could be ranked?

Reddit's not going to like how not red the US is.
I'm sorry, but this subreddit is called "DataIsBeautiful" not just "data."
Coming this fall.. Racist White People. Only on MTV™. 8/7c.
Do these polls only unglued the elderly heading to McDonald's for their after church coffees?  Hell I know more than one priest who thinks that is bs. 
Both of these are the effects of globalization.  Chart them against the numbers of 3rd world poverty.
So much for Facebook is a dying medium.
"Religiously inspired" as if it is a bunch of different religions committing terrorism. I can't figure out why lefties can not bring themselves to say Islamic terrorism. I also love how he blames gun control at the end. As if AK47's are legal everywhere in France that's how these savages got them. 
The professor is lazy and wrote a shitty test.

This was on /r/videos last week. The "test bank" he accuses his class of cheating off of is provided by the textbook manufacturer. They are not intended to be real questions but more like examples of what questions could look like if you class uses their textbook. While the data do indeed show that these students studied off the bank of sample questions, that is not cheating. It's good studying. This professor is lazy and should write his own tests.
The beauty was he had nothing on them, he just threatened and hoped cheaters would come forward.
Now *this* is what every President, Prime Minister, etc. should have nearing the end of their term. This kind of thing should become a new standard of how good a leader was at keeping their promises.
This is pretty damn stupid to gauge empathy off of hashtags. I bet most people have had Paris on their minds pretty consistently for the days following the attack but it doesn't mean they're hashtagging and posting every thought. 
