Headline is *extremely* misleading.

&gt; Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has directed his Justice Minister to implement a series of recommendations stemming from the death of Ashley Smith that would ban long-term solitary confinement for federal inmates and steer all vulnerable prisoners away from the regressive form of incarceration.

They are not banning solitary as a disciplinary tool.  They are banning the use of long-term solitary confinement as a means to just "give up" on difficult inmates.

RTFA, folks, and shame on Globe and Mail for using such an inflammatory and inaccurate headline.

edit: just to make it super-clear:

&gt; Chief among their recommendations has been the call for a prohibition on placing inmates in long-term segregation, **defined as any term beyond 15 days, and a limit of 60 days in a calendar year.**
Please, please, please be a party that is progressive on prisoner rights.
I'm hardly an expert on incarceration, but isn't solitary confinement a useful disciplinary/safety tool?
what about the times where they put some in solitary to protect them?
I did not expect a ban on long-term solitary confinement, but given the incredibly damaging psychological effect it has on prisoners subjected to it for extended periods of time, I am entirely supportive of any moves that restrict excessive use of solitary confinement in our prisons. After all, most of these prisoners will be returning to our communities some day.  We probably want them to be as mentally healthy as possible when they do.
Why would you stop solitary? If a prisoner does bad he/she gets punished by confinement. If they don't want to be confined then don't do bad? What am I missing here? Obviously I am saying this not talking about corruption. If the prison system is corrupt then deal with that, not punishing bad inmates. 

Edit : I never actually read the article, I am just on the outside looking in. 
Without solitary confinement there is no way to discipline prisoners within the system. Say what you want about rehabilitation (though not all prisoners are eventually getting out) but there has to be a system of punishment within prisons as well.

It's not "torture" that's just pushing the definition to a ridiculous level that's meaningless. Prisons need to enforce discipline and taking it away is going to make it more dangerous for guards and inmates.
I think the biggest problem with this is the biased, even racist nature of what is, in fact, considered "terrorism".

As we saw a few years ago in the United States, when a white American flies a plane into a federal government building with the express intention of murdering federal employees and instigating a violent revolution, [the authorities are quick to assuage our fears and let us know that it was not a terrorist attack](http://www.salon.com/2010/02/19/terrorism_19/).

North of the border, we have Justin Bourque, who by all evidence, started murdering police for expressly political and religious reasons.  His exact ideology is not clear, but as best I can piece together, it seems that it was ultimately seated in poorly-focused but seething rage at what he sees as the immorality and corruption of Canadian society, in particular our divergence from fundamentalist Christian and extreme libertarian values.  One friend described him as "believing he was a soldier of Jesus Christ".  Clearly disturbed in some way, these beliefs morphed into murderous action against perceived authority figures.

Despite the overt political and religious overtones of his attack, he was not widely described as a terrorist during or after.  He was not charged with terrorist offences.

Now, Michael Zehaf-Bibeau has a very similar story.  It seems a series of personal grievances led to a great hatred of the federal government; he seems to have interpreted the federal government as an evil opposed to God, and decided to take on the task of fighting on God's side.  Again, much evidence of him being a disturbed individual exists.  Hatred interpreted through a religious lens led to murderous action.

Given the religious and political overtones of his attack, it was immediately decried as terrorism.  If he had survived, I have little doubt that he would have been charged with a terrorist offence.

The only real difference I can see is one was a white right-wing Christian militant, the other was an Arab Islamist.  Guess whose citizenship the Conservatives would have gone after?
This is good news, indeed. The notion that someone guilty of a heinous crime could be stripped of their citizenship then shipped off to another country strikes me as the height of irresponsibility and willful negligence that put Canadians and others at risk *and* an affront to the whole notion of citizenship. In my view, this policy of the Conservatives had more to do with domestic politics than sound public policy.
As a dual citizen, good. I imagine the SCC would have killed it eventually though, as it is blatantly unconstitutional. 
Crap, I really wanted to be deported to New Zealand, for the winter at least.
I feel like most of the rhetoric around C-24 is misleading, including this headline.

Sure, it's technically true - C-24 created two-tiered citizenship. However, I don't feel like that's what C-24 was ever truly about. I'm fairly certain Harper would have loved to scrap two-tier citizenship as well - by extending C-24 to cover all Canadians. I think Harper figured such a bill would have led to a lot more public outcry, so C-24 was the first step toward that. Then, once public opinion on the issue eventually warmed up a little, they would have passed another bill extending it to everyone. After all, [the Conservatives were already trying to use C-24 to strip a Canadian-born citizen of his citizenship](http://www.macleans.ca/news/canada/exclusive-tories-move-to-strip-citizenship-from-canadian-born-terrorist/) (claiming he was also a Pakistani citizen by descent).

Now, I totally get why C-24 is controversial even without the "two tiered" part. But to phrase it as "two-tiered citizenship" sounds way more controversial, hence why it seems most of the rhetoric has been around that.

So to everyone opposed to C-24 on the grounds of two-tiered citizenship, I ask: would you be okay with C-24 if it had applied to *all* Canadians? If not, then you should be opposed to this bill in general; don't make the rhetoric about the "two-tiered citizenship" aspect if that's not actually the part your opposed to.
What about scrapping the two-tier citizenship when it comes to First Nations? A Canadian is a Canadian is a Canadian. Shouldn't they have the same rights and obligations as the rest of Canadians?
This whole law made no sense. We should have confidence that our version of justice is the "most just", and therefore trying and punishing convicts should and would be carried out here. What if they were sent back to a country that would not find them guilty of their crime? What if they were sent back and faced the death penalty there as a result? It was such an irresponsible law and I'm glad it's being removed. 
Gee I wonder if the Liberals will also make it impossible to revoke the citizenship of war criminals, a provision that has been on the books for decades and has been used by several Liberal citizenship ministers in the past.  

Will the Liberals restore citizenship to Oberlander and other nazis?  Or will they just restore Canadian citizenship to terrorists like Zakaria Amara?
I'd prefer it if they just scraped dual citizenship all together.
The real question is why are 41% of Canadians still in favour of prohibition. It doesn't work. It hasn't worked. So let's change our strategy. 
Unless I'm mistaken, this is quite the rise even from what it was a year ago is it not?
I'm actually surprised it's that low. I would have thought it was in the high 60s, no pun intended.
I'm more interested in the 45% who support large growers + control boards, because the LCBO and Beer Store aren't enough of a disaster already.

It should be opened up to convenience stores similar to cigarettes. Probably won't happen, but a man can dream...
75% of Atlantic Canada, not surprising.
Ho many approve of legalized, regulation, taxed alcohol or tobacco sales?
Quite a few people think legalizing pot will mean it will no longer be part of the black market and will hurt organized crime. This is false. Thirty percent of all cigarettes sold in Ontario are black market cigarettes. Also consider the effort to keep black market pot off the streets will also require law enforcement dollars. I also support legalization, but we should be going into this with eyes open. There are definite pros and cons.
I just feel like we're going "Heck yeah, we can light some sweet Jack Herer!" without considering the other implications that may roadblock legalization. If the Americans even breath the word of border delays, then there goes marijuana. It's better to take time and fully prepare a plan including all stakeholders than to slapdash it into existence. While I would support legalization &amp; taxation, I'm not sure it's feasible, particularly not with the current US political climate. 
It really is surprising that Harper went so hard on marijuana, or are the conservative numbers overwhelming because I think he alienated a number of people who are more moderate.  I would say I lean more conservative but there were far too many social stances where I heavily disagreed with his platform to even dream of voting for them.
Where. Do. I. Invest. In. Weed.  

Seriously though.  
It's kind of fascinating seeing different individuals come in on opposite sides of supporting or rejecting TPP based on differences in the vision of what the Canadian economy (and global economy) will be in the future.  

It's a little troubling that the provisions have TPP have been written with little room for alteration and renegotiation over time. 

I'm still looking forward to reading a good pro/con analysis of the deal based on various sectors.
Does anyone actually understand Balsillie's argument? I don't get on what grounds he's saying the TPP is bad. And does anyone have a link to the unedited remarks he made, rather than the bits of quotations we're getting in this article? 
Trudeau will sign this deal even with its numerous problems. This deal was negotiated between 12 nations that together make up 40 per cent of the world’s economic output. Not signing this deal would mean that are products will be at a significant disadvantage in the global economy. 

Signing this deal is the economically responsible thing to do, I think. Of course, I am not an economist so there could be a better argument against this deal. As far as I know there is no economic argument against free trade but there are arguments against certain provisions of free trade agreements.
After a little reflection, this is a big deal. Balsillie carries a huge amount of influence in the Kitchener-Waterloo ecosystem and one would expect one of the fastest growing regions of Canada to be a key area. If the businesses here are opposed, it may provide leverage for a bigger opposition from others and provide the necessary cover for the government to consider trying to renegotiate.
This TPP deal really seems like a scary thing for the future of Canada's economy.  Can we get out if it?
Honest question: is there a different text of the TPP for each country? I don't think there is - and if not it seems pretty ridiculous to lay this at Harper's feet - especially when it's up to the Trudeau government to sign it.

A poorly negotiated trade deal that we haven't even agreed to seems like a pretty poor contender do "worst thing ever done by Harper" - just pick anything you don't like that's he's actually done.
Seems obvious - the Conservatives, for better or worse, see Canada's big opportunities in the resource sector.  Which means those of us in *other* Canadian industries that actually try to make things instead of scraping them out of the ground and exporting them... well, we're obviously just so many acceptable losses.
Some positive news at least:

&gt;I earlier blogged that the chapter included a takedown provision not found in Canadian law that would have required blocking content based on being made aware of a court order finding infringement. I noted that the provision would have allowed decisions from other countries to effectively overrule Canadian law. The released text has been amended to limit the provision to domestic court rulings ensuring that only Canadian court rulings would apply. This is a positive change that better reflects current law.
70 years seems like unnecessary amount of time, ~2 lifetimes, withhold texts from the public when the original author is dead. There's no valid reason it can't be put up online.
Geist should be a senator.
Note this bit at the end of the article on TPP side letters just released by the [Toronto Star] (http://www.thestar.com/business/2015/11/05/tpp-side-letters-cover-everything-from-borders-to-bc-lumber.html): "Canada also signed other letters with various TPP countries covering intellectual property and government procurement."

There are in fact [8 such side letters] (http://www.international.gc.ca/trade-agreements-accords-commerciaux/agr-acc/tpp-ptp/instruments.aspx?lang=eng) involving intellectual property. None seem to address the 70 year term, however.
Good thing Trudeau has said he's going to keep us in that deal. 

Just like C-51. Wow, he's *so* much different than Harper!
Here's my two cents: any "trade deal" that is longer than the ***combined works of George RR Martin*** is too damn long to be a single take it or leave it document. Break it up into digestible pieces, lest we forgo the actual ***reading*** of this deal because its 6000 pages long and honestly, we can't be asked. Break up this omnibus budget on steroids or leave the deal. Period. 
Our government fought tooth-n-nail to protect the dairy industry from competition, and even through in billions of tax payer dollars.  But for this stuff there was no similar organized lobby...
While we're at it, we should also rejoin the [ITER demonstration fusion reactor project] (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ITER). Fusion's still a long ways off but if you want to end the fossil fuel economy there are few more promising avenues over the long term.
&gt;He urged Canadians to “look beyond Canada” in many areas of science.

Here comes the part where this becomes a problem from a political perspective.

&gt;CERN’s annual budget is about 1.1 billion Swiss francs, or $1.4 billion. Heuer said that is an associate member Canada would pay less than a small European country that is a full member. He didn’t name a figure.

I wish the article would have specified exactly how much that is.

I strongly believe in the importance of projects like CERN and the LHC. Particle physics is the most basic of basic sciences. Pushing the boundaries in this area has totally unpredictable impacts on society and industry. That unpredictability means that private research dollars are virtually never risk-tolerant enough to invest in projects like these. No corporation is ever going to pour money into a research particle accelerator because it costs a massive amount of money and its impossible to predict what return they would get, if any.

The scientists who laid the foundations of quantum mechanics were some of the most brilliant minds of the 20th century, but they could not have predicted that their work would give rise to an application like the transistor, let alone where the transistor would take us.

Whether Canada should become an associate member is a much more concrete question that depends on the specifics involved, and I would say that the article doesn't provide nearly enough information to make an informed decision.
CERN is one of those things that where it isn't always easy to see its value until suddenly it produces something really cool.  Like the World Wide Web or a Higgs Boson particle.  

With a budget of $1.4 BILL split among ~30 members, this wouldn't be a huge cost to Canada.  And as the article mentions it would help out our own scientists and researchers.  
Sounds like a cool opportunity for us and our scientific community.  
I would love to see some more funding towards fundamental research!  Labs like TRIUMF and SNOLAB have strengthened international bonds, brought in brains from many different continents, and brought amazing research to Canada.  TRIUMF already plays a part in the CERN collaboration, and acts as one of the primary levels of the data network surrounding the LHC.  TRIUMF handles several petabytes of LHC data per year and also is home to scientists who work at CERN on projects like Alpha (antimatter research).  

I worked at TRIUMF for a bit during the scientific funding drought of the past decade and I know they struggled to keep projects running with the funding they got.  More for TRIUMF, SNOLAB, and give some support for CERN, I say.  Science breeds ideas, which breeds nationalism, industry, and economy.  
I hope Canada will become more involved in international scientific collaborations, from which we have been conspicuously absent from over the past decade or so. [ITER](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ITER) is a major one that Canada pulled out from in 2003 that we need to become re-involved with. For the uninformed, it is research and development into nuclear fusion via magnetic containment. While still being a long way off, I believe fusion will be the future of power generation, and we as a country cannot afford to not be involved when it comes to fruition.

Cool fact about TRIUMF, since they were mentioned in the article: The magnets they use are so strong that you can build towers of paper clips stacked end on end, held in place by only the magnetic field. And this is a few storeys above the magnets.

EDIT: Damn, /u/OrzBlueFog beat me to it.
Yes, please! Not only would it be cool to be involved in this groundbreaking experiment but it would send a great message about Canada's new relationship with science. Really, really hope we consider this.
This and genetic engineering are now the forefronts of science. We should join the project to be a part of human progress.
An absolutely scathing report that emphasizes the mismanagement of the OLP under McGuinty and Wynne that has gone on for a comically long time.  Some highlights:

* Ontarians have paid $37-billion more than market price for electricity over eight years and will pay another $133-billion by 2032, after the provincial government’s process for planning the system “broke down.” 

* Electricity prices have ballooned by 70 per cent.

* The Liberal government has doled out $2.36-billion in corporate welfare to big businesses over the last 10 years, but has no idea whether those payments are actually helping the economy or creating long-term jobs

* Even as the province prepares a massive plan to build new infrastructure, nearly $500-billion worth of current infrastructure needs to be fixed.

It doesn't get any better as you keep reading, folks...
Still better than Hudak apparently. 
This is ridiculously bad. The question is, where do we go from here? Unfortunately, no government in Ontario could avoid these costs in the future without breaching contracts. That would not only be a legal nightmare, but would make it much harder for the province to contract with any other electricity providers in the future.

Opposition parties are absolutely in the right to call out the OLP for these disastrously bad decisions, but it's unclear how switching governments would fix anything. 
Well, I know I've had just about enough of these people.

How about the rest of you, Ontario? "No," you say? "Four more years"? "Another majority"? Do I have that right? 

Interesting...
My only hope about this whole situation now is that the Ontario Liberals are so damaged in the public eye from this that they will never be electable in Ontario again. I absolutely couldn't believe they won the last election. They are the epitome of mismanagement and corruption in present day Canadian politics. The really shitty thing about the situation is that the only other two options we have are former Harper MP led PC's, who criticize the Liberals for the Hydro situation *they* began by breaking up Ontario Hydro, and NDP, the party with a leader that has the charisma of a festering sore and an inability to run a proper election. 
&gt; instead picked the companies that would receive the payouts behind closed doors.

This, out of all of the report's findings, is what troubles me the most. Why do governing parties all feel the need to hide behind the curtain once they've gotten comfortable?

I sincerely hope Justin Trudeau's commitment to the utmost in transparency sticks, because his buddy Kate isn't exactly championing the cause.
What I do not understand, as someone who works in a provincially funded office, is where were the educated decision-makers?  I do not work in the energy sector, but the sector I am in, we make evidence based decisions with very well experienced and educated staff.  

Is hydro missing this?  
HELLO PLEASE READ.

As much as I dislike the current/last 10 year of the OLP.....

This article is very poorly written.

I will mention a few things that illustrate my point:
1) &gt;ballooning electricity prices? 
This is because BEFORE deregulation, the monopoly Ontario Hydro did not charge the correct amount for electricity. so yes prices have risen. but that figure is meaningless. If you doubt this. Ontario Hydro was broken in part because of this issue, it was so heavily indebted that we are still paying off loans from Ontario hydro 50 years after the signing.

2)&gt;For instance, the province paid $3.1-billion to power generators &gt;between 2009 and 2014 to produce excess power that was not &gt;needed, plus another $339-million to not produce power. The &gt;province also paid $32.6-million to exporters to take the &gt;province’s excess power of its hands and distribute it to other &gt;jurisdictions.

This article COMPLETELY ignores the other side fo the coin, which is the revenues that Ontario generates by selling power to the other parties. Last time I checked(possibly 2013) the NET REVENUE exceeded the NET COSTS meaning we PROFIT from these programs. YEs this point illustrates that there ARE problems with our forecasting of demand, but this is the cost(actually a profit because we sell more than we buy/pay people to not produce) of having RELIABLE electricity.

3)&gt;The province also produces enough extra electricity to power the entire province of Manitoba, an excess that costs consumers, Ms. Lysyk found.

NOPE.. just look at this [website](ieso.ca). it shows the ACTUAL demand versus what is ACTUALLY produced. **everyday**. we are not making mistakes big enough to power Manitoba.

4)&gt;For instance, Ontarians are paying double for wind power and &gt;more than triple for solar power what U.S. consumers pay. The &gt;problem, Ms. Lysyk found, was that the 2010 Green Energy Act &gt;failed to take advantage of low electricity prices and instead &gt;mandated higher prices for wind and solar power companies than &gt;they had received previously. This all added up to $9.2-billion &gt;more in renewables costs under the current system than the &gt;previous one.

There is some truth here. WE pay extra for our "green" energy. there was a puro=pose for this. Currently Toronto's circuits are loaded, overloaded, or soon to be overloaded. With demand for Toronto projected to increase in the coming years, Ontario either needs to buy peoples house(there is a name for this which i dont have time to look up) an build new power lines. which is very expensive. ON the whoel a grade this point as B-. yes we pay more. but it was to save us the construction costs. and it promoted people to get in on the green energy business. YES, many big business got in on it. but also many small individuals producers did too. the programs being referred to here are the FIT and microFIT programs(possibly more).


I gotta go to dinner. I cherry picked the point that i personally knew things about, i cannot speak to all the other points in this article. If enough people see this i can finish what i know. I think its important to have context on this discussion.

TLDR: Not everything said in the article is true and representative of the facts.

Declaration of bias: not happy with the liberals, not happy about the sale of hydro one. Fine with the cost of electricity

Source: former ministry of finance, hydro one and OEFC employee
I can't help but wonder if this was a factor in the decision to Prorogue the legislature back in 2012 that would eventually be brought to light 3 years later now via the AG. 

As you recall, a lot of controversy was generated over halting construction of new gas plants back in 2012 at a cost to taxpayers. We could have had more supply and (hopefully) lower prices. Though not really sure how big of a drop in the bucket that would have been. 
Remember when there were articles saying people paid $700million more than necessary for automobile insurance over 0 years?

This is... over 50 times more.
This matches up with personal experience. I was living with my sister in Ontario from 2013-2015, and I remember her bills were quite high. When I helped her review them, we noticed there was a significant yet ambiguous fee added to the bill. IIRC it was like ~50% of the actual cost, i.e.

x kwh charged at y$ = $100
N fee = $50
Taxes = 13%
Total = $169

I googled it, because I couldn't remember. It was called a "Delivery Fee". Here is the first article I saw on the subject, where someone in Ottawa got a $43 delivery fee on $3 of electricity. http://www.ottawasun.com/2013/12/19/kemptville-man-in-shock-after-being-hit-with-43-delivery-fee-by-hydro
no one won the election. 416 unions decided who was going to the the province and how. its just been the liberals the past 2 elections unfortunatley 
Again and again and again another story that points to Ontario's energy problems. So, it begs the question. When will it capitalize on the fact that it's sitting right next to a hydro superpower that could provide it with cheap, clean and reliable power on the long term while also having energy surplus at the moment?

Alternatively yeah, we too must bare the bitter taste of politically mandated wind power, what a fraud.
So who do I vote for in the next election? Patrick Brown will never get my vote and I'm wary of the provincial NDP. That doesn't leave me many options.
How much of that was tax?
[Here](https://twitter.com/stephen_tapp/status/668528126691962880) is a graph from Andrew Leach's report indicating what he believes the effects will be from the measures.
As an Alberta I'm very proud of what the government has set out here. An ambitious plan tackling more than just CO2 (methane and particulates too). I'm also very happy with the idea of the tax being used to help those involved with coal find better opportunities and help soften the financial blow.
Special shout out to [Ezra Levant's Twitter feed](https://twitter.com/ezralevant), where the sky is falling and Alberta is forever doomed.

In seriousness, I'm enthused by this plan for a couple of reasons. The first is that it's not cap-and-trade. A straight-up tax is both easier to administer and has less random ways to get around it. Second, everyone in the province will see how they're directly affected and hopefully use this as an impetus to bike, take public transit, turn out the lights, or the like. Third, because they considered Alberta's competitiveness and the panel believes they've found a happy medium. I can't check their numbers for them, but they called this out as an important consideration and that's a very good thing. Fourth, because it's nice to see my home province change direction after so long being backward. Fifth, because it will set the ground rules for the federal-provincial climate negotiations, meaning that probably every province will end up with similar controls; hopefully Ontario and BC will drop their cap and trade systems in favour of a tax (Québec too, but that seems unlikely knowing them).
To anyone who thinks that this is uneconomical: economists unanimously agree that pollution is an [externality](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Externality) that imposes undue and untraceable costs onto other people. The most economical way to promote pollution abatement is to tax or otherwise regulate pollution, and taxes are generally regarded as being the simplest and most administratively efficient way to do it.

Also, arguing that this is "kicking the province while it's already down" is such a short minded way of thinking. The reason Alberta's economy is so down in the dumps right now is because it is highly dependent on oil for growth, and I would say is *too* dependent on it. By diversifying the economy, especially towards alternative energy (of which Alberta has plenty), Notley is shoring up the economy so that the next time oil prices crash, Alberta doesn't go with it.
Some very good news on reforms to municipal design and decentralization to local communities buried in the exec summary:

&gt; Energy efficiency goes beyond the efficiency of appliances, buildings or vehicles. The design of cities and neighbourhoods matters profoundly. Urban form, once set, is hard to change and has consequences for future energy use
and urban well-being well beyond this century. Creating mixed-use urban neighbourhoods, with choices for public transit and active mobility, is a key strategy in reducing emissions in the long-term, and a critical focus for empowering the role for Alberta’s municipal governments.

&gt; Alberta’s municipal governments have a key role in climate leadership, and many municipalities already 
have detailed plans to reduce emissions and improve community energy use.

&gt; The Panel recommends a provincial energy efficiency and community-based energy program, complemented with regulations and other partnerships that empower climate action at the local level. Specifically, we recommend:

&gt; a) Implementation of a new, integrated energy efficiency and community-scale energy program, governed by rigid controls to ensure cost-effective emission reductions without regressive outcomes;

&gt; b) A complementary regulatory agenda for building energy performance reporting and disclosure requirements, updated building codes and standards, and a renewed regulatory standard for distributed and small-scale community generation; and

&gt; c) Fostering municipal partnerships for climate leadership through changes to the Municipal Government Act, data coordination and capacity building, and increased infrastructure investment to support infrastructure such as transit-oriented development, active transportation options, public transit, and district energy.
Excellent! This is far more than I expected and what I've always hoped! I, personally think carbon taxes are the way to go. They have so many advantages over cap-and-trade, they're better for the economy, and they actually show the province is serious about clamping down in emissions.

&gt;- An economy-wide tax of $20 per tonne on carbon-dioxide emissions starting in 2017, rising to $30 in 2018. Equal to seven cents per litre of gasoline.

This will be equivalent to BC's carbon tax when fully implemented. BC's carbon tax is revenue neutral, I wonder if Alberta's will be (or even should be) as well? If Alberta chooses to not make their carbon tax revenue neutral, they would probably never need to implement the dreaded and much hated sales tax.

&gt;- A cap of 100 megatonnes on carbon emissions from the oil sands sector, which had been Canada’s fastest-growing source of emissions, once new rules are adopted. It currently emits 70 megatonnes annually.

I wonder if this will mean that oil companies will be scrambling to come up with better extraction technologies that emit less. I'd like to see that.

&gt;- A phase out of coal-fired power by 2030.

Elizabeth May said that this would be roughly equivalent to the oil sands suddenly becoming carbon neutral. It looks like an excellent choice and about time.

With these ambitious targets, my adamant opposition to the Northern Gateway Pipeline becomes cautious opposition with a willingness to change my mind. Notley's government has done more to convince me to support pipelines out of Alberta in one day than 9.5 years of Harper government.
I for one am unhappy about my new 470 tax. On the flip side, I'm glad they did something for the environment. Torn on this one...  not sure if this new tax actually accomplishes anything or is just a symbolic show costing people money
Two things to note:

- While the Alberta plan is revenue neutral, it's not the same as the plan in BC where there was a decrease in income taxes to offset the increase in the carbon tax. The Alberta proposal uses the term revenue neutral to indicate that revenues will be used to fund new projects in energy efficiency, renewables, etc. (They also state there will be some sort of subsidy for low-income families).

- There is a performance standard incorporated for large emitters. From my reading this indicates that there will be an allocation of emissions for oilsands and mining companies for which the tax will not apply. Again this is different than what is currently being done in BC (where all combustion related emissions are covered by the tax).
Well, I'm not excited about paying more for everything, but there's nothing anybody can do about it at this point.  Being lower-middle class is kind of rough, because you won't qualify for the rebates that the government will be offering on their carbon tax, but you're still in a position to feel the pinch.  

You know, I'm not sure that the whole 'revenue neutral' thing that seems to be so popular with carbon taxes is as good idea as everyone seems to think it is.  Why not cash in.
Could someone ELI5 why this is good? Admittedly, I don't have a high opinion on the NDP government, so my knee-jerk reaction is to drink the haterade.
I wish Ontario would follow the lead of BC and now Alberta, rather than pursue a cap-and-trade system.
I still keep hoping that the NDP will ditch their nuclear-phobia and embrace a truly carbon-free energy source for Alberta.  Albertans put out over a 3rd of Canada's CO2 despite being only 10% of the population.  If they're not going to shut down the tar sands, then at least catch up with Ontario's nuclear baseload power-generation.

Sadly, they'll likely just switch off coal for a cleaner fossil fuel, but still a fossil fuel.
I'm skeptical of Notley's plan. The whole issue of "revenue neutral" is a sticking point. And given past NDP governments have had "problems" when it comes to economics and finances, I don't have much faith in this, regardless of what the NDP say.
My reaction: AWESOME.

From the article, it sounds like Cenovus is on board; CAPP is open to it but wants to know the details; and Wildrose is opposed.
Carbon tax = consumption tax. Same good/bad that apply to one, apply to the other. The world isn't ending, either way.

And they're allowing for a 50% increase in oil sands emissions? Hahaha...

This is a huge bag of "meh, whatever".




I wonder if it's going to be fair and be charged at the retail level or is it going to be a "hidden" tax? 

Either way good luck to those people working in coal, goodbye to your towns and lifestyles. 

Personally i don't understand why Coal gets hit but the oilsands get a boost, should not each kg of CO2 be treated equal? 
Woo! Props to Notley. Cap and trade is a joke. The only thing that works and works well is a carbon tax. 
Cenovus, Suncor, and Shell all said fairly nice things about Alberta's policy. 


I don't know where I am anymore.
IIRC, that's what most of the oil producer asked for no?
Is a carbon tax actually effective in reducing greenhouse emissions?
I wonder if there are plans to introduce vehicle emissions testing in Alberta. 
Well done. I like that they give leeway of a year for companies to plan their strategies as well. I think if this were implemented too quickly there would be some serious backlash.
So their writing WR and PC campaign for them.
Had they said otherwise then I would have thought the security screening measure were a problem.  It still could be very expensive, but if it's not a problem for these guys I think that should say something.  

If the timeline isn't bothering our security agencies I think this is a political optics concern not a security one.  I think that people will get over this fairly quickly once the refugees actually start arriving.  

If you disagree with the directors assessment, how many refugees do you think could be safely processed?  I am glad that the LPC acknowledged no process is perfect though.  It's unrealistic to think there is no possibility of some extremist slipping through the cracks.  I wonder if there are any security stories of one being caught in a bad lie.
Here are some voices countering the "it's too fast" sentiment:

&gt;Meanwhile, RCMP Commissioner Paulson, whose agency will conduct database checks on all refugees, said that all necessary security work can be quickly accomplished.

&gt;“Yes,” he answered in a direct question on the government’s ability to meet its deadline. “We will play a role in making the security checks and confirm people’s identity. In my view, the system is satisfactory.”

&gt;Added Mr. Coulombe, the director of CSIS: “I am confident that the measures in place are robust and … appropriate.”

If someone can explain why the RCMP commissioner and CSIS director are wrong, I'd really like to see it. Something involving math, maybe? At least something beyond the handwaving I've seen so far.
Kind of shows how fake this issue was. Clearly its more a political issue than an issue of practicality. 
There was an election about this, and Canadians clearly supported both the normalization of the niqab and the arrival of large numbers of refugees.

I clearly remember the unCanadian platform banning the niqab of the conservatives, and also that they promised to restrict the number of refugees from Syria.

Then there was an election. People voted. And they voted on these issues.
The voted that the niqab is Canadian, and that many refugees must be brought to Canada asap.

Mr Trudeau dropped the court case against the niqab (he still has to appoint women wearing niqabs to Senate and even as judges, but let us leave that there, for now). Now the plans are being put in place to bring 25,000 refugees before year end, and then next year maybe another 500,000?

Legalizing pot was a smaller plank in the Liberal platform, and I think that is proceeding apace, as Canadians clearly voted to have a lot of pot in Canada.


Except as public servants they are by law unable to speak out against the government.  

http://www.tbs-sct.gc.ca/psm-fpfm/ve/code/icg01-eng.asp


Interesting attempt by the libs to legitimize this imminent failure though. 
Of course they do, its there job as public servants to take direction from Parliament and the office of the Prime Minister, and to complete those tasks to the best of there ability.

It is not there responsibility to countermand government policies.



That being said this artificial deadline of 25,000 by the new year is ridiculous and should be abandoned, Go ahead bring them in just don't do so in a fashion which risks the security of Canadians.
The system is "satisfactory!"  I guess that solves that then.  All we ever wanted from our security agencies was "satisfactory" work anyways, right?

I mean, when we are talking about moving 25,000 people within a very tight time frame with little to no government transparency on *how* this will be achieved, knowing the processes is "satisfactory" gives me all the information I need.  

edit:  Just as an as side, I didn't notice where the RCMP or CSIS said they supported the plan at all.  For all we know they advised against it.  What they did say was the processes were still satisfactory and that measures in place are appropriate.  I don't doubt we have strong measures in place and satisfactory screening.  What I would like to know is what advice CSIS and RCMP have given to the cabinet on their plan and proposed objectives
I'm guessing the word '[exclude](http://www.macleans.ca/politics/ottawa/listening-closely-to-trudeau-on-terrorism-and-harper-on-trudeaus-reaction/)' wasn't an accident.

To me the main point would be: if the LPC thinks single men are so dangerous, then do they believe Europe is just screwed? How is this not an implicit endorsement of the views of Europe's nationalist parties? 

If I were Marine Le Pen, I would be saying "Canada is the most successful multicultural country in the world. Even Canada's celebrity multiculturalist progressive PM says these people are too dangerous to accept."

I generally agree with Mulcair that we need more transparency here, because I just don't see logical consistency in the government's decision. I don't feel like I understand the decision.
[deleted]
Mulcair's been MIA for awhile now, I think this is his first scrum since the election.  He seemed a bit off today, like his heart wasn't in it. 

The Ottawa Citizen is now reporting that gay men will be included, so not all men.  But no confirmation yet, so I'm going to wait until after the detailed release tomorrow to know what to be upset about.  
Wow, I can't believe Justin Trudeau is being so sexist. It's 2015!
Mulcair needs to use this as a opportunity for form a useful wedge between the NDP and the LPC. He should be fully condemning this. He's got nothing to lose, after all.
It's good to hear from Mulcair again. Maybe this is the return of Angry Tom? 
The Trudeau Government committed to 25000, but the Paris incident has made sticking to that commitment politically thorny. Refugees are generally seen as vulnerable women and children fleeing the atrocities of their homeland. They are sellable as a vulnerable group worthy of Canada's protection.

Before Paris, able-bodied single men (regardless of horrors experienced) were stereotyped as economic migrants. Now they are stereotyped as potential terrorists. Either way, they are interpreted as more threatening.

This move by Trudeau is not necessarily a bad thing. It's a way for him to get out from the corner he's painted himself in. Plus, he's learned an important lesson from the old PMO - positive spin is far more important than clearly articulated policy.
It's stupidity like this the continues to keep the ndp out of power. We haven't heard from mulcair since his disastrous election where his only message was "stop harper". Yeah well Harper was stopped. How's that working out for you? 

Now in another attempt at sheer stupidity he wants to allow Syrian men into the country. What happens when 6 of them turn out to be Isis agents? 

Ndp badly needs some rebranding. 
[deleted]
I think its perfectly rational to be pro-refugee and to have security concerns. Good discussion here - towards the end. http://www.trueactivist.com/watch-this-outspoken-journalist-sum-up-real-reasons-for-paris-attacks/?utm_source=fb&amp;utm_medium=fb&amp;utm_campaign=antimedia#.VlGlDutB_Ic.facebook

This is what he pops up for? Seriously?

Every unattached male let in is that many fewer women and children. Good luck running with that theme...



&gt;Navdeep Bains, said federal scientists would now be free to talk to the press, according to the Toronto Star.

People are awfully quick to sing the praises of our be free scientists without knowing what's actually changing.

&gt; Staff were given general directions about how and when to speak to the media, Prince said.
&gt;“Stick to the science, don’t talk about things you’re not an expert in,” he said.

That doesn't sound that much "freer" - it sounds pretty much like the status quo, actually.

Similarly, while I'm glad the long-form census is back you still have these people

&gt; "The replacement voluntary census brought in by the Harper government was a boondoggle — millions more expensive, considerably less reliable and disastrous [f]or long-term policy evaluation and planning," wrote Ottawa-based academic Steven Hoffman (also a Vox contributor) in the Huffington Post.

It seems like most people formed their opinions about this during the news release that the census was being made voluntary and didn't change them based on the fact that serious work was done to make up for that fact (hence the more expensive part) and that the final result was much more reliable than doomsayers predicted and many (but not all) of the data quality issues failed to materialize in the outcome.

Agree or disagree that the NHS was "disastrous", it seems pretty absurd to declare someone at "war with science" considering all the additional time, effort, and money that went into maintaining the quality of the data.

Edit: lol at the down vote campaign against me. Jerk away the truth boys
We never had a war on science, we had a policy that required scientists gain approval before speaking to the media, just like many other countries have had for years and like nearly every other organization on the planet has for workers in every other capacity.  It's worth noting that the vast majority of these media requests were approved and that a small majority of government scientists supported this policy.  

When are we going to start making a stink about the "War on &lt;X&gt;" for every other government worker who isn't allowed to contact the media directly and begin speaking of the details of their job?
While attracting more clicks I'm sure, the hyperbolic headline really diminishes the content of the article.  Proper reporting shouldn't be so partisan.  Just tell me the facts about what is changing with regards to scientists speaking to the media.
Now lets privatize the sciences and stop pretending government employment = unbias. Unleash the capital of empiricism to market forces and stop the crushing opportunity cost.
Good, this was never a debate worth having. Throughout the campaign it only served to distract from the real issues. 
&gt; Wilson-Raybould said she had a conversation Monday with Ishaq and was pleased to personally tell her of the government’s decision to “discontinue” the leave to appeal.
&gt;
&gt;“We live in a country that’s based on shared values, that recognizes that we are stronger because of our diversity and not in spite of it,” the minister told journalists.

This is precisely the sort of thing that really takes the wind out of ISIS' sails. When a senior cabinet minister personally communicates with with a muslim woman to tell her she is welcome and accepted in Canada, it makes it really hard for them to tell the people that they want to recruit that we hate them and they need to fight against us.
&gt;Ambrose added: “As a woman who has advocated for women’s rights around the world my entire adult life, I do not believe the niqab affirms the equality rights of women and girls, nor does it reflect the values of an open, tolerant society."

We shouldn't tell women what to wear, but telling women what not to wear is fine. Interesting distinction.
I agree with this decision.

There was an election on this issue.  The Conservatives called the niqab unCanadian.  The Liberals argued that it is part of the Canadian fabric.

The Liberals won.
Sadly, it's notable that they are openly accepting the science of climate change.  

They are certainly sounding like they are serious about this.  I'm waiting on what happens after the climate summit and the meeting with the premiers to see what emission targets they set.  I'm hoping they come together to produce some realistic short and long term goals.
God damn this is great news but its actually pathetic when you look at the "friends of science" facebook page its filled to the brim with people talking about how Canada is being fooled and climate change is just a hoax to get carbon tax money. And these are people who vote.
It's worth noting that this isn't particularly different from anything the Conservative government might have said.  (Or the previous Liberal government.)

It's far too early to pass judgement on what the Liberals will actually *do*, because they've only just got into government.

But we've had fine words about taking action before.  We had them from the Conservative government.  We had them from the Liberal government before them.

We'll see what happens over the next year.  Words are just "hot air".  ;-)
Talk is cheap.  What's their actual plan to do something about it?  I mean "yes, we're actively participating in the End of the World but we don't want to raise the cost-of-living in Saskatchewan by getting them off coal or further damage the economy of Alberta by doing anything about the tar sands" is kind of pointless.
What I don't understand is that when I go to buy a refrigerator, they have EnergyGuide numbers.  I can buy an efficient one for x dollars, and a less efficient one for cheaper, though it says savings will pay for the expensive one in 2.3 years.  My question:  Why not legislate that you may only buy the efficient one?  Who is still buying the cheaper one, and why are they allowed?  It costs the government, and ultimately the consumer in 2.3 years, nothing to legislate this change.
[deleted]
The science is indisputable yet they don't have a plan waiting on scientific analysis?   At the same time the nature of science is that everything is disputable and climate science like all science is therefore disputable - there are some in the climate science community that are calling the focus on carbon misguided and calling for recognition of other culprits in human influenced climate change - there are other damaging pollutants introduced since the industrial age.  
Outstanding. The Mother Canada looked ostentatious and the victims of communism was ridiculous.  There are better ways to spend our money and better things to build tributes to. 
This new government is hitting on all cylinders.

I would be fine with a "Victims of Dictatorial Regimes" memorial in a less prominent location, but am happy with having this awful design and awful message shelved as an alternative.
Excellent.

Now let's build a Victims of Capitalism monument. We can write the names of every person who has ever died in a third-world country from starvation, lack of water, curable diseases, or unsafe labour conditions on it, just as a start.
I'd prefer we just not build monuments or other nationalistic icons at all, regardless of who funds them.

Every superfluous object we build while people still starve is a direct insult to those people who starve.
The irony of these two monuments is that both of them would look quite at home in the USSR and are similar to the sort of monuments Soviets loved to build. 

Quashing this is a no brainer.
Thank God. I'd rather have a monument to Bronys.
Good.
As someone whose ancestors were victims of a communist regime, I'm outraged. We are constantly bombarded with propaganda that communism is good. Nothing really bad happened, blame capitalism etc. Academics and the media are so left wing it's insane and a ton are communists outright. All we wanted was a tiny recognition that communism is evil. That's all. We didn't want the untold billions in reparations Aboriginals get, or literal laws against failing to recognize the Holocaust like the Jews get. We just wanted one tiny goddamn ounce of recognition. That's it. But these sympathizers couldn't even do that. Disgusting.
I can't speak to how qualified she is for the job, but I wish her luck; she has a tough job ahead of her.  

Until the new leader has been chosen she has to lead the party through the mess of figuring out why they lost, keep the party Harper built together, and be an effective Leader of the Opposition.  No easy task.

Edit:

Looking over[ her wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rona_Ambrose) shows a speckled past (highlights including Canada's departure from Kyoto as Minister of Environment, and her opinions on marijuana as Minister of Health) and close connection to the Harper inner circle.  The CPC may be choosing to   not change much under Ambrose.
That's disappointing.  She embodies everything wrong with the last campaign. She's made [comments like this](http://www.ctvnews.ca/canada/ambrose-outraged-by-scc-s-marijuana-ruling-1.2417118) and tried to politicize health canada who didn't bite. I wonder [if abortion will make another appearance](http://www.torontosun.com/2012/09/27/ambrose-mum-after-endorsing-controversial-when-life-begins-motion).
As a former Progressive Conservative voter this doesn't inspire me too much. I feel mixed about Ambrose, happy that they chose a woman and happy about somethings she has been outspoken about. Not so happy about other things. 

Ultimately I would have liked to have seen Lisa Raitt, second choice being Finley. Hoping to get Raitt for leader after the interim. Other big choice would be Chong but I know that's not a reality.

Likes:

Said in parliament  as the opposition "working women want to make their own choices, we don't need old white guys telling us what to do". Even if was to score political points, it was a bold statement. 

Has been in a Conservative minority position before.

Community service to organizations working to end violence against women; including the Status of Women Action Group (which has since distanced themselves from her over her pro-life affiliations along with all women's non-profit groups as follows) the Victoria Sexual Assault and Sexual Abuse Crisis Centre, and the Edmonton Women’s Shelter.

The Conservatives have the least amount of women elected among the top 3 parties. They need to appeal to more people.

Dislikes:

Obviously her outspoken pro-life views.

Ambrose calls herself a libertarian and is a fan of Ayn Rand .

As minister of the environment was heavily partisan and while she was in it the muzzling of scientists started happening. This is where we first start to see this type of rhetoric coming from the government about how climate change will kill jobs and pushing the regulations date further back. Of course there were some positive policy that came out. Minister of woman was the position she held next which was a good fit for her considering her volunteering history.

As minister of health 

On June 11, 2015, she made headlines for being "outraged" that (in a unanimous decision) the Supreme Court of Canada expanded the definition of what constituted medical marijuana to include oils, teas, brownies, etc. from its previous limitation to dried leaves, arguing "Marijuana has never gone through the regulatory approval process at Health Canada, which requires rigorous safety reviews and clinical trials with scientific evidence". When asked why the testing has not been done when people are taking medical marijuana every day, she responded, "It is not my job as Minister. If there is clinical evidence and a company decided to uh, decided to submit it to the regulatory approval process, it would be looked at. That has never happened." 

Preferred the type of politics that would have come from Raitt having a masters in chemistry, or Finley having a masters in business administration over Ambrose having a masters in political science. Raitt is my first pick because of how she was able to be respected and liked across party lines. The Conservatives may need to distance themselves from the other parties, but they still have to be seen to work with the rest of parliamentarians.

It will be interesting to see which way she goes that aren't along previous party lines, and how the party reacts to that or if she does at all. Will Harper and those in power behind the scenes of the party still hold the reigns?
She doesn't really represent change, that's for sure. I'm not happy. But it could have been worse. Diane Finley would have been worse, as well as O'Toole. I was hoping for Rempel and Lebel, because a woman from Alberta, and man from Quebec would have been great symbolism. Also, their letter indicated that they were serious about positive change. Dual leaders would have also been interesting and gathered attention just in its own right.  

All that said, Ambrose apparently identifies as a libertarian. To me, that gives me a bit of hope. Although I'm not sure how much that matters as interim. I suppose what is more important is that she can manage the media a bit better. 
"We were not very conciliatory at times". 
There is the understatement of the day.
It has to be noted the Interim leaders are usually someone who is absolutely not a threat to the actual leadership, so Rona Ambrose with this move is basically showing everyone how she isn't an actual choice as leader. That being said, having Ambrose as interim leader is not all that interesting. I feel she represents some rather unsavoury parts of the CPC.
Wow I didn't see that coming.  I guess at the very least I'm happy that it takes her out of the running for permanent leader.

too bad it's a secret vote.  I'd love to have seen who her supporters were.
[deleted]
A good safe-pair-of-hands choice which is probably what the party needs. I think she's too tied to the Harper years to be permanent leader but having served in a number of ministries and being well liked in caucus are good resume items. [There is of course another option...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CT1u-HO1VFg) 
Interestingly this is the third woman to be either the leader or interim leader of the Conservatives and by extension Progressive Conservative party.  
I remember hearing her make some rather bizarre speech as environment minister and just can't pinpoint when or what it was all about.  Anyone have a recollection of the speech I'm thinking of?
At least the CPC now has a 50/50 ratio on gender with leaders. That's more than any other party can say. 
A sign the Tories may dig their heels in on legalization?
The Conservative party probably needs to change, but that change should come from the party membership. Ambrose was likely selected because she is a steady hand who can keep the Conservative party together. 

The Tories have a long history of imploding after brief periods of governance. After they lost in 1935 they spent 22 years out of power. After they lost in 1963, they were out for 21 years (minus 9 months). After Mulroney left, the party was decimated, reduced to 2 seats. 

While Harper's tendency toward secrecy and control was ugly, it may have been necessary to guard the Conservative party from a similar implosion (99 seats, and only 7% less of the vote than the governing party is not so bad). This beast is a hard one to govern:
-You have to herd together far-right Reformers, Mike Harris Ontarians, Quebec nationalists, old PC party supporters.
-You have to present a palatable set of policies to swing voters.
-You have to keep the base of the party involved, so you have volunteers and money.

Harper's recipe was to campaign on non-issues (for somebody in power 9 years, he didn't diverge that much on key issues from Chretien-Martin), which wouldn't aggravate the cleavages in the party, but could be used to rally the base. But this also meant working hard to prevent the kind of eruptions (DEATH PENALTY FOR YOUNG OFFENDERS! PRIVATIZE SIDEWALKS) that split the Mulroney PC's, undermined Reform/the Canadian Alliance, and doomed Harper in 2004 (I'll bet Danielle Smith wishes she'd been more autocratic in 2012). 

Maybe there's another recipe for the Tories, but I don't think it is as easy as you presume. The notion that you can just, say, make Peter Mackay leader and have him say nice things isn't going to work for the CPC. A boring PC leader will face recriminations from Reformers, and fail to excite the party base. 
I'm just happy its not Deepak...The man would've set back south asians a few decades. I don't considered him to be qualified for anything. 
How is Ambrose's french?
This is surprising. Not her biggest fan, but I'm eager to see what she can do.
I haven't seen any speeches yet, but I hope that she has more charisma than Harper.
My MP is now the interim CPC leader. I'm not sure how I feel about that. I've never been a big fan of her, as she has always tended to toe the line even when evidence and good sense ran contrary, and she always seemed to make a mess of her cabinet portfolios. I'm a little shocked she considers herself a libertarian, because I've never seen her promulgate any distinctly libertarian views, not that that would change my opinion of her at all. Ultimately I feel she is a very establishment choice that won't rock the CPC boat, or really do anything to shake up the party in any way, for better or worse.
The former health care minister?  They aren't coming back for a long time.
Lets hope she can shed away the hyper partisan direction the party has been in for years under Harper. I look forward to watching her in QP.
“*We’re going to have the strongest opposition party that Canadians have ever seen*". Does she realize that Canada voted PC out? More than a great victory of the Liberals, this was a defeat of the Conservatives and their politics of division and fear.
What a bizarre decision. This is a man convicted for assault with a weapon, and who hid from investigators for six months before he was identified. As yourself this: if you were criminally convicted of assault with a weapon for an incident at your workplace, do you think you'd be able to keep your job? 

&gt;But retired justice Lee Ferrier ruled the assault on Nobody was “barely over the line of wrongfulness,” 

It resulted in a criminal conviction for assault with a weapon. It is patently absurd for a disciplinary tribunal to consider serious criminal conduct as "barely over the line of wrongfulness." 

The most bizarre thing is that the cop's lawyer himself didn't go so far as to argue for the loss of 5 year's pay. He only argued for a 1 year's demotion. What a happy surprise to find that the presiding decision maker disregarded both submissions. 

The complainant's lawyer sums it up best. 

&gt;"Not a single line in the 47-paragraph ruling address the impact of the assault on the victim, Adam Nobody, nor for that matter does the decision consider the impact of the officer’s conduct on public confidence in policing. It is a decision devoted entirely to how Const. Andalib-Goortani is a victim by virtue of the assault he committed on Adam Nobody.”

This is not an issue with procedural fairness. There is no spectre here of good cops unfairly falling through the cracks. This is an issue of what is cause for termination. And apparently, it is not being convicted of assault with a weapon. This felon gets to keep policing. 
People seem to think Canada does not have the same issues the US does with police being above the law.  IIRC it was a Canadian cop whose wife hit and killed someone after leaving the bar.  The police let him pick his wife up and take her home at which time it was too late to breathalyze her.  She of course got away with it.

It is an absolute crime that police are above the law and they protect each other.  This was a violent assault and an embarrassing result.  The fact that this was on the world stage makes it all the more humiliating as a Canadian.
I was recently arrested. When I was put in the police car I did not say a word to the police. Yet, in the police notes it said that when read my rights I said "oh OK". 

They put me in a jail cell and did not fill out the medical documentation. They simply put a line through it. I have a mental illness, as well as, a heart condition.

When I brought these issues up with my lawyer he said I could file a complaint, however he advised against it as it may have unintended repruccisions -- in other words I may be unfairly targeted by the police. He also said that this doesn't surprise him at all because " the police lie all the time".
I am not ok with this, who do I write to?   
The threat of police militarization and abuse is one that cannot be taken lightly. Canadian police on the whole are held to much higher standards of conduct than in many areas of the U.S., but that doesn't mean we're immune to police brutality. When a man loses five days pay for assault with a weapon any illusion we have that the powerful are treated equally under the law is forfeit. Anyone committing an assault with a weapon while doing their job should lose their job, at the very least.
This man was extended every measure of compassion because he is in a privileged position. Meanwhile, the poor and marginalized are punished handily when they commit crimes. 

Of course, that is not just. And it shows how blind the powerful are in this society. They do nothing to earn our trust and respect. It's sad. 
Smart.  Sex-workers need legislation that helps them stay to safe and protect them from abuse and exploitation.  Having a bunch of legislators try to figure it out behind closed doors without any input from the people it will affect the most is a sure fire way to get bad legislation.  Any type of paternalistic 'gov't knows best' attitude is probably *not* the correct frame of mind to have when crafting these types of laws.
&gt;"It is still exploitation, regardless of all the ludicrous arguments about it being a choice or a legitimate 'sex trade' versus prostitution. A woman has the right to do with her own body as she chooses, absolutely, but nobody has the right to sell another person or live off the selling of another person."

The first sentence seems to contradict the second. (This is not a quote from the minister).

This approach seems kind of obvious. It doesn't mean just doing whatever they say, but obviously you'd want them to have input.
&gt; Harvard said it's ridiculous to claim women can freely choose sex work.

There are mentally sound, physically and financially secure persons who provide prostitution services.  I'm reminded of the workers in Switzerland, the Netherlands, Germany and Denmark [that specialize in providing sexual services for the disabled](http://www.thelocal.de/20130511/49655), I've read a couple interviews with such workers and they described it as a work of love they find extremely rewarding.  It's very hard to reconcile that with this woman's claims about *all* sex work.

Maybe I'm being insensitive, but I don't really see anything special about people who go into sex work by economic necessity.  It's no different from any other physically dangerous, degrading, and/or psychologically damaging work people are forced to do lest they starve.

Prostitutes are indeed a kind of slave - wage slaves.  If you want to help them, emancipate them from that.

(I'm not going to address the issue of coercion and human trafficking in my post, except to say that they're grave matters that require both aggressive preventative measures and harsh penalties for those that engage in them.)
Government actually collecting information from the people most affected before they write legislation?

What a novel concept!

But seriously, I'm happy to see what looks like fact based decision making. 

That's what *any* competent decision maker should do as a minimum.
Immigration Canada needs to change its legislation to ban temporary workers from prostituting themselves.  We are already flooded with non-Canadian prostitutes in Vancouver and Toronto and elsewhere who voluntarily came here to work as prostitutes.  We don't need more.
It really is disgusting. I had no idea that so many people have xenophobic ideas until social media exploded in the last two weeks over refugees. I've had to seriously reconsider my peer groups.
&gt; “Every one of the terrorists so far has been a man,” he said. “We don’t ask all men to apologize on behalf of all men when stuff like this happens. We certainly don’t ask Christians to apologize when there is a mass shooting involving someone who happens to be Christian.

I'm generally on board with his point, but that's probably not the best example to use. Unfortunately, a sizeable number of people  do hold men as a group responsible for the actions of individual men. For example, the Elliot Rodger attacks were seen not as one mentally ill person but instead a result of "male entitlement". It's seen as one particularly deadly manifestation of a property held by men as a group. I even remember men saying they felt ashamed of their gender around the time that happened. It's why there was an (ill-fated) effort to respond with "not all men". Also, when male politicians oppose abortion in the United States, it's frequently portrayed as a larger class war of "men oppressing women", rather than a particular *ideology* (which is held by women almost as often as men) restricting women.
I like Nenshi. I wish he was my mayor. He says a lot of reasonable things which is rare for a politician. But I think he's missing the mark here. Specifically when he says:

*“Every one of the terrorists so far has been a man,” he said. “We don’t ask all men to apologize on behalf of all men when stuff like this happens. We certainly don’t ask Christians to apologize when there is a mass shooting involving someone who happens to be Christian.

“But, of course, it’s different, because these people [the terrorists] purport to be doing this work in the name of their faith. But the guy in Norway [mass murderer Anders Breivik] was also that way. But we didn’t ask every Lutheran to apologize for what he did.”*

He is missing the forest for the trees. Of course men should not apologize for these acts because there is not an explicit doctrine of men that can easily be interpreted in a way that supports those acts. Andthere isn't a global Christian terrorism problem, so it's a lot easier to chalk that up to an isolated incident. If Christians had a body count similar to the ones Islamic Extremists are racking up, and if the Christians claimed to be doing it in the name of their religion, quoting specific passages from their text, and an alarming number of Christians polled supported this view even if they didn't commit crimes themselves, I would be pretty damn wary about Christians, and would speak out a lot louder against their ideology. The Anders Breivik Lutheran apology falls under the same analysis. There isn't a Lutheran problem at the moment. It makes sense to criticize the texts, but you are statistically much less likely to be harmed by a Lutheran quoting Lutheran texts than a Muslim quoting Islamic texts. The latter is also very unlikely, but the former is orders of magnitude smaller.

I do think Canada should continue it's course of helping as many refugees as we can, and should not get deterred by the Paris attacks. I think that if we turn away a massive amount of refugees, not only is that what the terrorists want, but our country becomes something less desirable than a country who helps as many refugees as they can at the cost of a slight increased risk (as vague as that soudns). I just think not talking about the problem with Islam today (which could be any religion tomorrow) is counterproductive. As is not expecting Muslims to speak out against the acts of terror and try to reform their religion from within as that seems one of the best routes to minimizing the damage done by these extremists.
More than 129 people died Friday in Paris.

In comparison:

Every day, more than 129 people die across the United States from handgun violence. Every. Single. Day. According to the NRA this is just fine and normal. Please don't support the NRA, or its sister groups in Canada.

Every single day, about 129 people die across Canada from cancer. We've been trying to solve this problem for over 75 years through the Canadian Cancer Society. Donate today.

Every week in Canada, about 129 people take their own lives. It's seldom even reported in the newspapers. But it is a tragedy, and mental health issues are a scourge upon our poor, upon our veterans, especially upon young men. Volunteer for a crisis hotline.

Yes, the loss of 129 lives is a tragedy. Do something about it.
sure there's racists, but it's a cheap political tactic to say that opposition to immigration is driven solely by racism. Western terrorism is, let's be honest, driven by middle eastern Muslims. ISIS has repeatedly threatened to launch attacks using immigrants of this nature. There is no particular reason why Canada should be taking refugees when plenty of neighboring countries can do the same thing.

This is racism insofar as it's an ethnic problem, libs a shit
I wish I could say I was shocked or even surprised, but I grew up as a black man in Montreal and I know better.

Canada is not as bad as the States but that's an abysmal standard to go by on race relations. We're not even that much better, just a bit more shy with our racism here.
Those are substantial letters, they seem mostly to stick to the platform promises. 

 Some are pretty well known, like the order to start electoral reform, repeal key elements of Bill C-51, bring in the 25k refugees, create a federal-provincial-territorial process that will lead to the legalization and regulation of marijuana, etc.  

Others I hadn't heard of, like introducing plain packaging requirements for tobacco products, or increasing high-speed broadband coverage.

Loads to pick through, even just the top priorities of each minister give a good idea of the directions they are going in.  They are aiming high, they are going to be busy if they want to get all this done in 4 years.


Edit:
Looking over Garneaus letter's priorities indicates he is in a supportive role to many of the bigger projects across a bunch of different ministries.  He doesn't have much that he himself is leading.   Thoughts on that?  
 
There is a heavy focus on climate and clean energy in many of these letters.  

Also, mark your calendars; admission for all visitors to National Parks is free in 2017 
MINISTER OF JUSTICE AND ATTORNEY GENERAL OF CANADA MANDATE LETTER
&gt;Working with the Ministers of Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness and Health, create a federal-provincial-territorial process that will lead to the legalization and regulation of marijuana.

MINISTER OF PUBLIC SAFETY AND EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS MANDATE LETTER
&gt;Support the Minister of Justice and the Minister of Health on efforts that will lead to the legalization and regulation of marijuana.

MINISTER OF HEALTH MANDATE LETTER
&gt;Support the Ministers of Justice and Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness on efforts that will lead to the legalization and regulation of marijuana.
I don't remember this coming up in the election, but the last point for the Minister of Justice is: 
&gt;"Introduce government legislation to add gender identity as a prohibited ground for discrimination under the Canadian Human Rights Act, and to the list of distinguishing characteristics of “identifiable group” protected by the hate speech provisions of the Criminal Code"

That seems pretty huge, and a win for the LGBTQ community. 
"Work with the Minister of Environment and Climate Change to increase the proportion of Canada’s marine and coastal areas that are protected – to five percent by 2017, and ten percent by 2020 – supported by new investments in community consultation and science. 

Restore annual federal funding for freshwater research, and make new investments in Canada’s Experimental Lakes Area. 

Restore funding to support federal ocean science and monitoring programs, to protect the health of fish stocks, to monitor contaminants and pollution in the oceans, and to support responsible and sustainable aquaculture industries on Canada’s coasts. 

Use scientific evidence and the precautionary principle, and take into account climate change, when making decisions affecting fish stocks and ecosystem management."

As a research scientist for DFO these points to Minister Tootoo having me bouncing in my seat in anticipation.
Don't know how much should be read in to this, but the first priority for the Justice Minister is
&gt; Lead a process, supported by the Minister of Health, to work with provinces and territories to respond to the Supreme Court of Canada decision regarding physician-assisted death.

If that's a sign that this massively important issue is going to get some attention after delay by the previous government, then good.
I'm really excited by all the substantive process reforms he's asked LeBlanc to carry out. It's way overdue to see some changes to how parliament works, and the ideas they have are all good ones: more independent committees, question periods for individual ministers, truly independent parliamentary officers etc. I think these are things to be embraced no matter your political views, and I hope they're executed well!
This is also pretty huge, from the Minister of National Revenue Letter:
&gt;Allow charities to do their work on behalf of Canadians free from political harassment, and modernize the rules governing the charitable and not-for-profit sectors, working with the Minister of Finance.  This will include clarifying the rules governing “political activity,” with an understanding that charities make an important contribution to public debate and public policy.  A new legislative framework to strengthen the sector will emerge from this process.  This should also include work with the Minister of Families, Children and Social Development to develop a Social Finance and Social Enterprise strategy. 

Much was made in the past couple years of the Canada Revenue Agency being used to audit charities and NGOs that weren't especially in line with what the CPC liked to hear. This is great news for Canada's not for profit sector.
Some stand out parts:

**Infrastructure and Communities:**
&gt;    Move forward on a toll-free replacement for the Champlain Bridge.

I'd put that in the con column, the rest of Canada should not be subsidizing the commute of Montrealers.

**Finance:**

&gt;    Remove the GST on new capital investments in rental housing and modernize the existing Home Buyers’ Plan to support Canadians impacted by sudden and significant life changes.

I was really hoping we'd seen the end of target tax brakes with defeat of the Tories.

&gt;Work with the Minister of National Revenue to allow charities to do their work on behalf of Canadians free from political harassment, and modernize the rules governing the charitable and non-for-profit sectors. This will include clarifying the rules governing “political activity,” with an understanding that charities make an important contribution to public debate and public policy. 

&gt;Work with the Minister of National Revenue to allow charities to do their work on behalf of Canadians free from political harassment, and modernize the rules governing the charitable and non-for-profit sectors. This will include clarifying the rules governing “political activity,” with an understanding that charities make an important contribution to public debate and public policy. 

This is a welcomed change, particularly the clarification of what constitutes political activity.

&gt;    Work with the Minister of Indigenous and Northern Affairs to establish a new fiscal relationship that lifts the 2% cap on annual funding increases and moves towards sufficient, predictable and sustained funding for First Nations communities.

sufficient and predictably funding is certainly good but at the same time funding caps are useful for constraining spending from growing unsustainable. I think we should be ensuring adequate funding then ensuring it only grows in line with economic growth.

&gt;    Work with the Minister of Natural Resources to enhance existing tax measures to generate more clean technology investments and work with the provinces and territories to make Canada’s tax system highly competitive for investments in the research, development, and manufacturing of clean technology.

I really hope this means a carbon tax rather than subsidies.

&gt;    Work with the Minister of Environment and Climate Change to fulfill our G20 commitment and phase out subsidies for the fossil fuel industry over the medium-term.

&gt;   Develop proposals to allow a Canadian Exploration Expenses tax deduction only in cases of unsuccessful exploration and re-direct any savings to investments in new and clean technologies.

Good, obvious changes.

&gt;    Restore the tax credit for labour-sponsored funds to support economic growth and help Canadians save for their retirement.

I understand these aren't well regarded by economists

&gt;    Introduce a new tax benefit to help teachers and early childhood educators with the cost of school supplies.

More targeted tax credits. So much for change

**Democratic Institutions**:

&gt;    Bring forward a proposal to create a new, non-partisan, merit-based process to advise the Prime Minister on Senate appointments.

 &gt;   Bring forward a proposal to establish a special parliamentary committee to consult on electoral reform, including preferential ballots, proportional representation, mandatory voting and online voting.

More or less what they promised in the campaign but its reassuring to see it in the mandate letter.

&gt;    Support the President of the Treasury Board in the establishment of new performance standards, and in setting up a mechanism to conduct rigorous assessment of the performance of key government services and to report findings publicly. As well, support the development of a new service strategy that aims to create a single online window for all government services with new performance standards.

Performance Standards are definitely good idea. I'll be interested in seeing how they are implimented and the extend this government and future ones take them seriously.

**Innovation, Science and Economic Development:**

&gt;    Improve the quality of publicly available data in Canada.  This will require working with Statistics Canada, the President of the Treasury Board and other departments and agencies to develop an Open Data initiative that would consider big data and make more of the data paid for by Canadians available to the public.

This is a great step in the right direction. The more data available to the public the better

&gt;working with Regional Development Agencies to make strategic investments that build on competitive regional advantages. ** For those communities that have relied heavily on one sector in the past for economic opportunities, investments that support transition and diversification may be appropriate.**  Communities that have relied on traditional manufacturing are likely to require specific strategies to support economic growth.

It will be interesting to see what this means for Alberta and how a bunch of federal tax dollars flowing into the Province will affect their somewhat negative view of Ottawa.

&gt;With the support of the Ministers of Finance and International Trade, develop appropriate investments and strategies for the auto sector to adjust to Canada’s **potential** participation in the Trans-Pacific Partnership.

Looks like no decision on the TPP has been made.

&gt;    Increase high-speed broadband coverage and work to support competition, choice and availability of services, and foster a strong investment environment for telecommunications services to keep Canada at the leading edge of the digital economy.

 Canadian digital infrastructure is in need of major improvements but I want to see the details before cheering too loudly.

&gt;Work with the Ministers of Public Services and Procurement and National Defence to ensure the identification of industrial benefits for Canadian firms, including in the Naval and Canadian Coast Guard fleet renewal and the National Shipbuilding Procurement Strategy.

On one hand its nice to see procurement being a priortiy, unfortunatly it appears they haven't learned from past mistakes and are intent on making projects pull double duty as a procurement and a jobs program rather than focusing on purchasing the best value for money.

**Defense**:

&gt;working with the Minister of Finance to maintain current National Defence spending levels, including current planned increases;

I am always skeptical of the Liberals when it comes to ensuring proper defense spending but I am cautiously optimistic about the planned increases

&gt;working with the Minister of Public Services and Procurement to launch an open and transparent competition to replace the CF-18 fighter aircraft, focusing on options that match Canada’s defence needs; and

Interestingly the F-35 isn't mentioned either as a possible replacement nor ruling it out.

&gt;    Conduct an open and transparent review process to create a new defence strategy for Canada, replacing the now-outdated Canada First Defence Strategy.

I am interested to see where this leads. Its not every day the government overhauls the strategic goals of the military.

**Health**:

&gt;    Introduce plain packaging requirements for tobacco products, similar to those in Australia and the United Kingdom.

Isn't retail regulation handled by the provinces?

**International Trade:**

&gt;    Implement and expand Canada’s Free Trade Agreements globally. This should include implementation of agreements with Israel, Chile and Ukraine.

Looks like we might be getting more trade deals in the future. I wonder what the are next countries we will aim to negotiate deals with?

**Justice**

&gt;    Support the Minister of Canadian Heritage to restore a modern Court Challenges Program.

Why should the government be funding lawsuits against it? 

&gt;    Support the Minister of Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness in his efforts to repeal key elements of Bill C-42 and implement our commitment to reduce the number of handguns and assault weapons on our streets.

So much for evidence based policy. Looks like a return to ideological policy on the gun issue. C-42 was a very reasonable bill that eliminate some bureaucratic difficulties for gun owners without compromising public safety. I am really curious to find out how the Liberals think that having two pieces of paper rather than one to legal own and transport a handgun makes Canadians safer.
On a personal note, seeing the Health Minister take an increased interest in concussion treatment is great.  Both I and my father have suffered from them, my dad is still feeling effects ten years later.  

And my suspicions that the Liberals are ditching the "get refugees in by January 1st" and favouring "we'll get them here soon" is confirmed.  
Can anyone ELI5 on what Ministerial Mandate letters are and if they are usually made public?
From the Minister of Democratic Institutions letter:

&gt;Introduce amendments to the Canada Elections Act to make the Commissioner of Canada Elections more independent from Government. In addition, repeal the elements of the Fair Elections Act which makes it harder for Canadians to vote and **easier for election law breakers to evade punishment**.

Anyone know what the part in bold is referring to?
Combined with his pledge to make 2015 the last FPTP election and the ministerial mandate letter repeating the committee pledge, my hopes for MMP/STV are somewhat reassured and I hope that the NDP will absolutely remind them of this during question period.
I feel like these letters are an excellent opportunity to learn about politics.


The mandates seem to range from:

"Here's what you're specifically going to do on this specific topic" (e.g. marijuana legalization, settling 25000 immigrants)

to

"Here's the specific issue you're going to look into" (e.g. how to replace CF-18s, trans-pacific partnership)

to

"Here's your general area of focus" (e.g. 're-insert scientific considerations into the heart of our decision-making and investment choices')
timed out :(
There has to be some way to undo this. Advancing a renewal decision that was due after the election apparently solely so you could make the decision yourself in case the government falls? Completely unethical, unjustifiable behaviour bordering on contempt.

&gt;In the 1984 election campaign, former Conservative Leader Brian Mulroney politically eviscerated former Liberal Prime Minister John Turner for making dozens of appointments that went into effect just before he called the election. The controversy over the appointments contributed to Mulroney winning the election in a landslide.

And ironic behaviour at that.
We really shouldn't be surprised by this.  Bending the spirit if not actually breaking the law or ethical behaviour was a hallmark of The Harper Government.  Forward banking appointments like this is just one more example of business as usual for them.
&gt;While some had been due to come up for renewal in November and December, others were renewed up to a year in advance of when they had been scheduled to expire and made effective the date the appointees’ current term was due to end.

&gt;Of the 49 future appointments and early renewals, 29 were adopted in a single day – June 18, 2015.

Classy. But not unexpected.  Harper left a legacy of hedging his bets and message control.  I think if Duffy hadn't been such a campaign killer he would have restocked the senate as well.  

Trudeau has some limitations on who he's working with now, some of these will last until 2018 like the National Energy Board appointment. We'll have to see what kind of impression Harper left behind.
This is appalling, and smacks me of something that would be done in banana republics. There is something about handcuffing a future government, particularly with the Canadian bureaucracy that irritates me to no end. The previous government has set up staffing decisions that will be effected when the previous government has absolutely zero mandate to do so. It is irresponsible government.

Now, other decisions have handcuffed future governments, meeting pollution targets would be a good example, but there is something particular about this staffing decision that frustrates me and I can't quite put my finger on why.
Some manner of accountability for previous governments is needed.
Harper should pay them out of his own pocket.
The only really appalling appointments are the ones which occur way in the future (2018-2019).

Some of these were contracts which were up in November/December, A few weeks isn't a lot of time to properly negotiate a contract for these positions, as well, re-upping someone already in the position for another year isn't unheard either.

Harper did what almost every other Prime Minister ever has done.
Not very patriotic at all. Very selfish. 
So literally what every other Prime Minister in history has done then?
Why would anyone think this is true? I mean seriously. This nonsense doesn't deserve the effort to rebut it. 
Strange. It seems like anyone with a modicum of knowledge of government and politics would recognize that we spend a whole lot of money on seniors.
The "refugees vs. pensioners" email has been around for ages and always flairs up in times like this.  I have a racist aunt who has sent this exact thing to me multiple times even after I debunked it for her.
People seem to think getting refugees is like adopting all the cats at the SPCA or something. We took in over 200,000 Vietnamese refugees since the 70s and I don't see any. Viet-cong tunnels dug in the city. 
And they call millennials entitled... 
I wish we did. Investing in refugees (and other immigrants) would increase our GDP in the long term.
It strikes me as odd that we spend so much on the portion of the population with the lowest projected survivability term. Are they apt to contribute disproportionately as consumers? It seems plausible.
If you check out the snopes article on this, its history is sort of interesting. It starts out as a response to a poorly worded Toronto Star article that made it sound like a one-time payment to a particular sort of refugee was a monthly recurring one. The paper corrected the error, but the response had already gone viral, or as close as you got to it back then. 
I remember getting this on my AOL account.

Must be a really slow news day.
How do you get conservatives to start worrying about pensions (and the homeless)? Start talking about refugees.
Interesting. In order to correct for this so called "dead cash" I wonder if it would be helpful to create either a punitive tax to discourage hoarding, or some kind of incentive for reinvestment. I don't necessarily think that just raising corporate taxes is the best way to promote growth, after all, we saw how companies are moving from the United States to Canada because of our favourable tax laws (i.e. the Burger King - Tim Hortons merger).

Food for thought anyways.
The scale to measure the infamous dead money is rather odd. It does not control for growth, in any shape or form. Putting aside inflation, which may have been controlled for, graphics of money over time are supposed to grow up as economies grow.

I'd display the amounts in real terms, as percentage of GDP, to get a clearer view. 

Since the 80s, the corporate income tax rates have been more than halved and yet corporate income tax generates roughly the same amount of money as a percentage of GDP. That's a good example of why one must keep comparing to GDP or similar measures of economic health. Otherwise, you get an inaccurate portrayal of reality. 

Similarly, by looking at a single data point (Canada), it's hard to realitically control for causality. At the very least, one must compare samies. A better analysis would have compared provinces, not looked at Canada as a country alone. For a country, cross-country analysis is preferred. As it turns out, OECD data clearly shows a negative growth effect of higher income taxation once you control for the larger macroeconomic variables.
&gt;&gt; According to StatsCan data, Canadian businesses were holding a near-record $680 billion in “dead money” in the second quarter of this year — more than two-thirds of a trillion dollars in foregone investment. 

Repeat after me, HuffPo: dollars aren't investment.  They're little pieces of plastic that we can often exchange for investment, but there is nothing that I can physically do with a pile of money that produces real returns.

Even taking the rest of this story at face value (and I don't), "dead cash" does not mean that corporations aren't investing appropriately: it could also mean that they have not been returning enough profits to shareholders in dividends.
Well, the author doesn't have any formal education in economics beyond his undergrad, so I would hesitate to call him an economist.  

At either rate, I'll read the paper and report back, but it is a bit disconcerting that it wasn't published in any decent journal.  

Edit: Ok, just scanning this particular paper isn't particularly good.  For one he doesn't cite any decent literature.  I mean yeah, Hume and Veblen are giants, but that shit is old school.  There is a lot of literature out there on the subject and if the author can't be bothered to read it, I can't see how this will add to the literature.  Another huge red flag is that there is no model section, he doesn't provide the model he uses to run the regressions, and from that, the motivation for why he is running that particular model is not present.  Any monkey can get data, dump it into STATA, and run some regressions, but it takes someone decent to actually work through the theory to provide something worthwhile.  

EDIT 2:  
&gt;Ordinarily economists will utilize various econometric strategies to
discern if there is a causal relationship between the CIT regime and growth,
but it is highly questionable if econometrics is capable of uncovering causation.
When he probed the concept of causation, the Scottish Enlightenment
philosopher David Hume found it to be a composite of three relations: contiguity,
succession (or priority), and necessary connection.3
 Hume argued, to
the shock of his modern readership, that despite the fact that all knowledge
is the product of experience, the phenomenon of causation (seen through
its constituent parts) is not disclosed to the senses, meaning it resides outside
the experiential field. This implies that the establishment of causal
force (in science or otherwise) will always have a speculative element to it.  

What the hell, that is exactly what econometrics does.  This is so incredibly lazy, he basically absolves himself of any responsibility for the shit he puts out.  He also uses a Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient, **WHICH DOESN'T TEST FOR ROBUSTNESS**.  He doesn't run any robustness test himself, so his paper is highly suspect.  
&gt;But data in Brennan's study indicates business investment (and with it, economic growth and job creation) was strongest in the three-decade period after the Second World War, when corporate taxes were at their highest

This sounds like a misleading comment that one wouldn't expect from an unbiased source.  Given the openly stated bias of the authors I'm inclined to believe it was intentional.

The post-WW2 economy was a completely different beast than that of the last two decades.  Fewer economic competitors, manufacture-focused, no globalization, and a smaller labour pool.  Further, if I'm not mistaken the net tax revenue was comparable to today's corporate tax revenue on account of the number of tax policies that were changed to prevent tax sheltering, i.e. there are fewer tax loopholes today.

It's difficult to take the rest of the study seriously.  
There's a lot of criticism, and much of it is valid. What I would like to see if evidence of the contrary. That tax cuts results in growth. Is that not called "trickle down"?
That would be the report from my friend at DFO. She made sure to send a congratulatory email to the Coms department who never replied to her emails
Well, this is a WELCOME change. After 10 years of nothing but spin and suppression of information, we can finally have a government for Canadians, not itself.
This is ridiculous. It was a simple matter of protocol so that government bureaucrats and employees would sound off to the media without proper approval.
Imagine if CTV news called you and asked to do an interview on camera about your opinion in regards to something related to your work. Don't you think you should check with your boss or employer first and make sure it's all good?
These stories make it sound like the Berlin Wall has come down. It's absurd.
(Also? Just wait...watch what quietly begins to happen when random federal employees begin speaking out contrary to the governments position on some future issue. Reporters will be clip hunting for drama and the message control will be lost on Trudeau who will be dumbfounded that everyone isn't always on the same page.)
The Chretien gov't ratified Kyoto and then consistently failed to live up to their treaty obligations. Sadly, I actually prefer the Harper approach; at least they were honest about their disregard for the treaty.

I hope Trudeau will do better, but I don't have much faith.
Inconvenient truth of the day

&gt;[2015 will be hottest year on record — until 2016, WMO predicts](http://www.cbc.ca/news/technology/2015-hottest-year-wmo-1.3336123)

We really need some action on this.  Canada can and should be world leaders.  We have an enormous per capita carbon footprint that we can reduce.  We haven't had a moral high ground on CC for awhile, hopefully we can work with other countries to push this forward. 
Anyone know if we'd still be on the hook for billions due to our previous non-compliance?
If the Liberals really are 'considering everything,' I hope it includes agriculture and, in particular, animal agriculture and animal-based foods. [The evidence is very clear that if we don't reduce our consumption of animal-based foods all the other measures we take will be for naught](https://www.chathamhouse.org/publication/changing-climate-changing-diets).

Getting people to pay extra for fossil fuels and clean energy will be a much easier 'nut to crack' compared to getting people to understand that for most of them the most damaging thing they do to the environment and to themselves is eating animal-based foods. For most people, the single best contribution they can make to address the climate change issue is to eat less animal-based foods and consume more plant-based foods.

If the Liberals really are intending to shape policy based on science, animal-based agriculture and animal-based food should be near the top of the list of things to consider. Incentives and disincentives need to be phased in to reduce both animal-based agriculture and the consumption of animal-based foods.
No point going back into Kyoto this late in the game unless we want to just eat whatever fine they throw at us for missing the target.
This is great news and potentially shows real leadership on climate, which has been sorely and immorally lacking from the federal government for 20+ years. 

Last night I attended Andrew Weaver's leadership bid announcement - he's running to be leader of the GPBC. Interestingly, he posited that the GPBC is the natural provincial home for federal Liberals. [For those who don't know, the BC Liberals are nothing like the federal ones.]
Apparently he was hit by an out of control semi after stopping to help someone.  
Wow. That's horrible.

Bhullar was one of those names bandied about for next leader of the PCs when the party gets around to having that conversation. From what I know about him, he was a stand-up guy. That's truly tragic.

My condolences to his family.

He was a very devoted member of the community and a good MLA. 

Rest in peace.
[deleted]
I hope his family is doing okay and the Alberta PC caucus to.  I never expected this to happen.
Tragic. Condolences to his loved ones. 
Terrible to hear.  He was only 35.  RIP.
Damn, this fucking sucks.  Memento mori, and may he rest in peace.  
This is terrible.
All deaths are tragic; hopefully his family can find solace knowing he died while trying to help others

May he rest in peace
Well, he's right.

I really like the analogy Dan Carlin made on the most recent episode of his Common Sense podcast. He compared climate change to a world-destroying asteroid, except we don't know exactly when it's going to hit. 
It's fairly well understood in security circles that climate change is likely to be the biggest threat multiplier to be considered and managed in the coming decades. 

From the [US DoD](http://www.acq.osd.mil/ie/download/CCARprint_wForeword_c.pdf): 

&gt;Among the future trends that will impact our national security is climate change. Rising global temperatures, changing 
precipitation patterns, climbing sea levels, and more extreme weather events will intensify the challenges of global instability, 
hunger, poverty, and conflict. They will likely lead to food and water shortages, pandemic disease, disputes over refugees and 
resources, and destruction by natural disasters in regions across the globe. 
&gt;In our defense strategy, we refer to climate change as a “threat multiplier” because it has the potential to exacerbate many of 
the challenges we are dealing with today – from infectious disease to terrorism. We are already beginning to see some of these 
impacts.
I really can't believe that it has taken over 10 years for a Canadian government to say this considering we are usually viewed as a bastion of progressive values. I'm really glad we'll have cooperative and productive members at Paris' climate conference. We've spent too long obstructing and obfuscating the issue internationally under Harper and this really is a very important issue, not just for Canada, but for the whole world. Climate change could dwarf the current refugee crisis in Europe. I prefer a proactive approach to such a threat. Let's hope we can make up for years of neglect on environmental issues.
I'd say the worst threat we've ever faced. No other threat outside of nuclear war has the ability to reshape our planet and displace or kill millions.
Wtf? this came out of nowhere. I didnt hear anything like this in the last eight yea..... oh wait... 
For a concise summary of what's at stake, I'd strongly recommend the following brief article:

* [Singularity vs Climate Change](http://www.aoimirai.net/en/singularity-vs-climate.html)

Unlike most articles covering climate change, it actually addresses the real risk, and it's staggering to the (unagmented) human mind.

&gt;So, in short, even if we stop polluting right now, we already triggered enough feedback loops to, in an optimistic scenario, to eventually reach around +7°C peak temperatures [this century]. At that temperature, Hydrogen Sulphide starts running off oceans as well, killing all life form, not to mention that, by then, the Ozone layer is gone. We are looking at a 100% total extinction with earth turning into a hot rock.

The author further, properly, puts it in context of the other major global forces at work this century - namely trans-human intelligence and full post-human biotech integration.

This is slightly off-topic, but while we're talking about existential risks to humanity, it's worth bringing up the topic of asteroid defence. The probability that we'll be wiped out by an asteroid is lower than the probability that we'll be wiped out by climate change, but it's also way cheaper to fund [efforts](http://www.npr.org/2015/08/20/433257722/preventing-armageddon-the-economic-hurdles-of-asteroid-defense) to locate and divert potential humanity-destroying asteroids than it is to fight global warming. It would be nice if Canada could chip in $20 million or so to fund the scientists who want to organize this.
it's bad, sure, but i'm sticking with my old faithful Global Thermonuclear War.  
Well I'm glad that he admitted that simple truth now. 
I don't think this statement is that far out there. I mean, the US department of defence has acknowledge climate change as a threat to the US. Given the impact climate change has on rainfall patterns - increased famine and drought (as predicted) could have a massive destabilizing effect in water stressed regions - like the middle east, north Africa, and India to start.
(US DoD on Climate Change: http://www.defense.gov/News/News-Releases/News-Release-View/Article/612812)

Canada has a unique problem with regards to the Arctic. Climate change likely means an ice-free northwest passage for 12 months of the year. That's a huge border we're going to have to devote resources to patrolling, and the potential exists for Exxon Valdez type accidents and spills in an area where our navy/coast guard's response time wouldn't be that good.
In my view, we are at a point with this issue where those who still don't understand the gravity of climate change are a distraction, and unless they are actively opposing measures to adapt to and mitigate climate change are best ignored.

The discussion now ought to be about the measures that must be taken and how best to implement them. We are well beyond wondering if there is a problem or not, and we need to be focussed on implementing solutions. As I say, discussions with those who remain unconvinced after all these years of research and findings across multiple disciplines are a distraction from dealing with the emergency at hand.
Not religions extremists acquiring a nuke?  Not the countless wars currently being waged around the world.  Ok.  I'm on board with trying to clean up our act but that's a little exaggerated...
Right or wrong, this isn't really that helpful.

Those who already agree with him are going to continue to agree.  Those who don't are going to continue to not agree with him.

**************
What Mr. Dion needs to do is to start talking realistically about what carbon emissions reduction is going to cost.  Right now Canadians are operating under two delusions.  First that it will cost a fraction of what it will actually cost.  Second, that someone else will pay most of it and they personally won't have to pay much.

This isn't good because when the costs start rolling in the government *will* backtrack if the public turns on them.  (Mr. Dion should know this better than anyone since the public balking at costs is arguably what cost him the chance to be Prime Minister.)

So people need to know up front that it's going to cost them personally and what that cost is realistically going to be.

And there's no better time than now, what with the Liberals riding high in their post election honeymoon.  Does Mr. Dion expect there's going to be a better time to tell Canadians what it's going to cost them?

Mr. Dion is in government now.  He's got to do things that are conducive to getting things *done*.
It depends if be 'we' he means humanity or Canada. I think it's the greatest threat to humanity, but I don't think Canada is threatened. It might even have a positive outcome. The Northwest Passage is starting to open up for navigation which is a good thing.
They need to stop using old thinking on this. Climate change will be overcome through the use of innovation, and the promotion of renewable energy. Rather than implement a carbon tax, which hurt the poor, we should be giving tax incentives to solar, wind, etc. companies and make Canada a renewable energy leader.
If that's the worst threat Canada faces in this century, it's going to be a hell of a good century.


Abortion clinics are expensive, and obviously rural access is a big problem. While obviously the need for abortion clinics cannot be eliminated altogether, the demand in rural Canada and the north can be reduced with easier access to contraceptives. I would expect that a health minister would be privy to that. 
While I agree with the idea, what can the federal government actually do here?

&gt; The Liberal Party passed a resolution in 2012, when the Conservatives were in power, that said the federal government should financially penalize provinces that do not provide abortion services.

That's a dangerous precedent to set: I don't want the federal government deciding what types of health services need to be offered and how. Isn't that why we adopted the separation of powers on this the way we did?

Let's consider the opposite case here: what if the Conservatives had threatened to withhold transfer payments to provinces that were pushing for medical marijuana programs?

I'm betting the Liberals (and most people) would have been pretty up in arms about that one.
This is one of those policy choices that made waves back when the Liberals didn't have a lot of policy going for them.  Kind of like pot, this was one of the things that brought them back into the limelight after the 2011 loss.  They've made it such a known point of principle that it would be odd not to hear anything about it.

I am curious to see how they'll improve services and if they can get PEI on board, with or without financially strong arming them.
Given the other article currently trending on Reddit that close to a quarter million women in Texas have resorted to self induced abortions since law makers of that state have made access significantly more difficult, I would say that the comments by the minister are timely.
This is something that we should consider turning technology or pharmaceuticals toward.

If we had a reliable way to induce miscarriage up to the point where it would be safe (relatively) to do so it would eliminate the need for a lot of procedures.

Stretching out to the future there's all kinds of options with biotech that could emerge if we just put some time and research into it. This is the kind of stuff a government needs to research as private companies aren't going to touch this.
Any article that discusses how women in Canada are no receiving equal access to ____________ (power in cabinet/healthcare here) should have the same response as PMJT gave "its 2015"
Picking a fight over abortion isn't likely to serve the Liberals well politically, though they seem determined to do so - I remember Trudeau bringing it up early on after getting the LPC nomination. Their honeymoon won' last long at this rate. 
So, from the sounds of it, there really isn't an actual problem here, and the health minister is just playing politics with the issue.  Of course health care services in rural areas are inferior to those that exist where people live.  What she's trying to do is whip up fear of some sort of anti-abortion conspiracy in Canada, similar to the Republicans in the US.  When every province in the country is funding abortions except the one with the population of a small city, and even they pay for them to be done in the nearest large centre, there really isn't much of an issue with abortion in the country.  Now, you can argue that isolated communities might not have very good access to the full range of health care options, but that's not a very good argument.  

Really, this is just posturing.  Are the feds going to mandate that the provinces open an abortion clinic in every village in the country?  Of course not.
Lets hope the voices of rural church groups can counteract such reforms and convince more women not to murder their unborn babies. To convince more men not to pressure women into murder their unborn children.
I'm am quite happy with the response from Notley, who articulated that the Paris attacks have only reinforced the need to help refugees fleeing similar violence. 

I find the number committed, equally reassuring. This is a far cry from the "cultural suicide" opponents have been fearing, many who seem to think we are just going to dump 25,000 refugees at a bus station in their hometown and just leave them to roam the streets.
Nice to see Wildrose onside with this. Makes a nice contrast with Brad Wall, in terms of prairie conservatives.
So why is nobody talking about extending the bloody  timeline.  A 6 month  rotation would bring and settle 25,000 comfortably  without putting strain on the services that will be needed for these people. Screening can be done and the bad apples can be weeded out or incarcerated or whatever. It seems like the only reasons we are rushing is because the politics.  Let's  be real here. Nobody will care in 4 years if PM Trudeau brings refugees in December or March.  
I'm all for helping refugees and giving them a home, as that's what we as Canadians should do, but where are they going to work? There have been tens of thousands of layoffs so far. I think this is way too many for Alberta to house.
Oh yeah, by all means.

Maybe they should make Alberta Works more accessible to the people in the province? I just got a job and don't get paid for a while, but in the 2 months looking I couldn't apply for Alberta Works. Never mind I'm in a decently large town. I'd have to travel to Drumheller to go to the office to apply because evidently you can't do it by mail. I haven't fucking eaten since Friday because Alberta Works is completely inaccesible to a large group of people who have no way of travelling back and forth to these towns. 

I mean, congratulations on saying this and it's great to help refugees, but it's extremely infuriating that they have no real interest in helping people who need it and have lived in the province to begin with. I'm not discounting the help refugees need, just trying to relay how incredibly fucking frustrated I am with the lack of help I can readily receive to begin with.
Too many.

We're in an economic recession, we have no jobs and we still have a huge housing bubble. What are we supposed to do with refuges when we can't give them jobs or housing?


I find it absurd some Canadians are afraid of ISIS attacks and are afraid of Syrian refugees. These are the people being killed and destroyed by ISIS. Like most Islamist extremists groups, most of their victims are fellow Muslims.
The only thing I fear is lone-wolf attacks from people inspired by ISIS, like Martin Couture-Rouleau or Michael Zehaf-Bibeau.

And if I had a solution to stop the radicalization of Canadian youth, I'd be running for elected office instead of commenting on Reddit.
I'm puzzled at how a quote about ISIS turned into circular commentary about Syrian refugees. Those two groups are equivalent now? 
I don't fear ISIS personally, but I fear they'll continue slaughtering innocent people even if they're not Canadian. It's silly to act like we should only worry about something that's a direct threat to us. 
He says Canadians shouldn't fear ISIS as our security establishment is capable of preventing any attacks. Not because they aren't a threat to Canada, or are attempting to conduct attacks against Canadians. 
&gt; The Department of National Defence said in a statement today that two Canadian fighter jets took part in coalition air strikes earlier in the day in support of Iraqi forces, striking an ISIS ammunitions cache near Sinjar in Iraq.

&gt; Capt. Kirk Sullivan said Canada's mission would continue "for the time being under the mandate previously directed by government."

Uhh, when Trudeau said he was going to recall the warplanes I thought he meant it? 
I'm not afraid of ISIS attacking me or other Canadians. I am, however, afraid of what ISIS destroying world heritage sites will mean for future generations and the world's understanding of where we came from. We will never be able to get those back.
Also, 1 in 5 murdered women in Canada is aboriginal. Appalling. 
I'm going to put forward a thought I've banged around in my head for a few years now but don't have enough exposure or aboriginal education to fully consider the implications.

What would be the honest to god repercussions of reintegrating all aboriginals into Canadian society? Maintain secondary education benefits, job placement programs, rehabilitation and any other necessary programs for another century but fully integrate the peoples into one nation. Native reserves become hamlet's with the "landowners" having equal rights to landowners in the rest of Canada. Benefits delivered to these hamlets become one and the same as the rest of the nation.

There's the "loss of culture" argument, but at this point in history I'm not sure just how much of their culture aboriginals maintain, whereas other cultures immigrating to Canada tend to maintain large aspects of their own cultures. There would likely be an exodus of aboriginal men and women to the cities leaving many former reserves barren but this has been a natural process affecting many small Canadian towns without prospects. Constitutionally I'm sure there would be many hurdles to the process.

It might be an idiotic idea, and if so tell me why. In my mind the reserve system has created a caste of second hand citizens without prospect for advancement or success. I understand the comparisons that might be made to residential schools (that is, taking away their culture and forcing "white urban culture" upon them) but can we honestly look at the current system and say it's working? Can we honestly say that throwing more money at the situation would make it better? To what extent are contemporary Canadians  to blame for the high rates of crime and poverty that permeate through reserves and at what point does it become the Aboriginal population's responsibility to better their  lives? 

I don't know. I don't know if I've thought this through enough. I simply see no benefit to seperating Aboriginals from the rest of Canadians.

 
Residential schools. 

For over a century, Canada was trying to assimilate Aboriginal people into Canada culture by eradicating Indigenous culture. This meant forcing children from their homes (because parents were seen as unfit to raise their child), making them stay at residential schools. 

Students were abused physically, mentally, and sexual at these schools. Teachers couldn't teach. They were malnourished, and not warm in the winter. They were not allowed to speak their native languages or practice their culture. 

139 residential schools were open at once. It is estimated that 150,000 Inuit, First Nations and Métis once attended residential school. Canada's treatment of Indigenous peoples is often related to the Holocaust. 

Many survivors struggle with the systematic, chronic abuse. Suicide rates are much higher in survivors, along with alcoholism and abusive tendencies. These bad habits spread to children as some continue to beat their children to deal with their stress. 

This statistic doesn't surprise me. But these people are Canadians too. Our  government really fucked up. Indigenous people need support from fellow Canadians. We must work together to reconcile the damages done to move forward. 

The last residential school closed in 1996. There is still a lot of work to be done to reconcile and move on together. 

(I just did a thesis essay on the effects of residential school on suicide rate and multi-generational abuse.)

E: decade to century
There'd be more odds of the government enacting legislation if they had public support. Unfortunately, a good chunk of Canadians see this as just another crisis that will be used to get more money. 

Everyone acts like this is all some great mystery, but it is not. We know the causes, and we know that every time the federal government steps in it is a disaster. It is up to Native communities to fix these problem, with whatever support they ask for that the federal government is capable of giving. Studies and inquiries are a waste of money; we already know what they are going to discover. Native communities need to take it upon themselves to fix their problems, both as a community and as individuals. Basically the solution is hard work and prudent economic management of Native communities, and more hard work. If they can do that than all the other things they need will follow, such as education, and programs to help those suffering from problems with substance abuse.  

Oh, and for the misguided SJW types that like to accuse everyone of racism, my background is partially indigenous, so I'll be "racist" to myself if I damn well feel like it. 
What a stupid thing to do. Even if this doesn't end up completely ruining his life, its going to cause major problems. And for what? Posting a dumbass video that people will quickly forget.

Anyways, kudos to the police for such quick action. Even if they arrested the wrong guy, I don't see the real criminal getting away with it.
Just ensure he's tried identically as if he had been an Arab man saying the same thing about Jews.
Nice that cowards like this guy hide behind masks, just like ISIL hides behind religion to justify its agenda.
If they are smart they will hit him with full Terror related charges.  Make an example of him.  We can not allow this behavior in our society.
The author is correct but this article doesn't really tackle the "hypocrisy" angle correctly.

People are saying that because Trudeau campaigned against rich people getting child care benefits he shouldn't use part of the official household budget to pay for the nannies. Supposedly that money should just go unspent and Trudeau should pay for the nannies out of his salary.

My argument against that angle is that using the existing household budget to pay for household staff (who happen to be in child care) is not the same thing as receiving child care benefits. If Trudeau criticized Harpers's proposed home renovation tax credit, does that mean he should have to foot the bill for the renovations at 24 Sussex or Rideau Cottage? Obviously not. Those things are paid for out of the existing renovation budget.

Edit: Rideau Hall -&gt; Rideau Cottage
Dear Media, 

Can we please stop putting "-gate" at the end of words to try and make them into massive conspiracy theories?

Thanks,

Media Consumer
Talk about manufactured controversy.  If this is the biggest scandal we've got going right now I'll give it the response it deserves, a big yawn.

Are people so small and petty that they honestly believe that the PM's childcare benefits are worthy of this level of scrutiny?  I doubt that he chose to become PM because he wanted to secure state-funded childcare.  Lots of high-end positions will offer these types of job benefits.

I honestly believe that people are desperate to pull him down a peg for whatever petulent reasons and since he hasn't had time to legitimately screw anything up that badly, this is all they've got.
Adding "gate" to any scandal is childish
Without commenting either way on the merits of this controversy...

&gt;While she wasn’t elected to office, however, she [Gregoire-Trudeau] does have an official role

No, she does not. There is no Canadian equivalent of the US [Office of the FLOTUS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Office_of_the_First_Lady_of_the_United_States). 
Not big on Trudeau  but I think there are more important criticisms than this. 

People refuse to consider that the public sector has to compete with way better pay in the corporate world. The PM isn't a worker...he could easily make more elsewhere and likely will when we're done with him. 

This is a matter of pennies and expecting a PM to live like an average person is ludicrous.
"Nanny State" would be a more apt term, but no, this conversation is not childish.

Trudeau and his team are exceptionally image-conscious, as one would imagine when you're a PM of the Instagram generation. Optics matter. Optics especially matter when they go against the narrative you've spent a campaign crafting. The image of government-paid nannies after saying that wealthy people like him should not receive government help or subsidy for childcare is absolutely a legitimate subject of conversation.
Funny how this got more attention then when Harper shipped his personal limousine to India.
How is it childish to point out the PM is a hypocrite and breaking more campaign promises?

Just like the broken campaign promise to help Syrian Refugees before the holidays.
Hilarious manufactured controversy. 
Chatelaine rushing to his defence really isn't going to do him any favours. 


Nannygate? Seriously? The 'xxxxx'gate meme got old a long time ago. The idiotic name attached to this 'scandal' is far more offensive than the scandal itself.
 you know what's childish?

attaching "-gate" to every so called political controversy in the world.

stop it, please.
[deleted]
Of course they need childcare. Sophie Gregoire will be too busy in her new job as wife to the PM. 
daycare? hello?? like what the rest of us do?

I was thinking about this today.

People are already going "well there is lie #1 guess people shouldn't have voted for him"

Don't our taxes pay his salary? So even if he was paying the nannies with his salary he would technically still be using tax payer money. 
My Muslim friends are terrified to go to their mosques now because they're afraid they'll be targeted.

My friend told me not to leave my neighbourhood because I "look Muslim" (I'm not Muslim, but I am South Asian).

These are scary times. 
We can expect a lot more of this kind of thing in future sad to say.
This is the funding campaign to rebuild

https://fundrazr.com/campaigns/4144T7/sh/f5IDu8#
This is a dark side to see, and an unfortunate reality in todays world.  [Anti muslim sentiments have been rising](http://www.macleans.ca/politics/land-of-intolerance/), and with the recent attacks in Paris coupled with the refugee program tensions are growing.   I expect there will be a security aspect of the new refugee effort that will protect them from us.  
For every idiot that does there's 3 times more good people, as evidenced by the fundraiser that they had. 
The majority of people who suffer the violence of Islamist extremists are other Muslims.

This isn't a Islam vs us thing, it's at most a Sunni vs us thing and even then it's a tiny minority of Sunnis.

If you're going to blame Islam for these attacks you have to be intellectually consistent and blame Christianity for guys like Breivik, McVeigh, and the various people who've assassinated abortion providers over the years.

If you're blaming Islam for Paris but not blaming Christianity for Norway you're ability to logic and reason is not working properly.
This is disgusting. These people (the ones who started the fire) are no better than the shooters in Paris. This is extremism 'in reverse' and I sincerely hope Peterborough Police (or OPP can't seem to find which one it is) find who is responsible. 

If Muslims are to be questioned on their "feelings" about Paris, Hebdo,etc then us 'non-Muslims' need to stand up and express our disgust at this as well. 

Shame on these people (perpetuators). 
I hope the RCMP find those who committed this crime, and I suspect there will be a lot of political pressure for them to do so. It's important at times like these to demonstrate to Canadian muslims, and potential committers of these kind of crimes see that we don't tolerate this sort of thing in Canada. 

Burning down a mosque is a counter-productive way of dealing with muslim extremism. In fact I would argue that the optimal ways of dealing with these sorts of issues are unlikely to feel satisfying (ie france attack makes many of us want to redouble our efforts bombing ISIL, it probably isn't the best course of action though). 
&gt;When asked to rank the top goals of a voting system, the respondents at large said they wanted simple ballots, strong stable governments, the ability to directly elect the MPs who represent their constituency, and assurances that the government has MPs from each region of the country.

Oh, so those who want change would seem to want ranked ballots. After all, STV or MMP would be more complex and less prone to producing 'strong stable governments'.

&gt;Overall, 44 per cent of the respondents picked one of the two systems of proportional representation, while 43 said they were happy with first-past-the-post, and just 14 per cent said they liked the idea of a ranked ballot.

Well, so much for that conclusion. Whatever we wind up doing it seems a large amount of public education needs to be done about exactly what benefits and drawbacks each system has.

Despite all that, this poll seems to support that a referendum - my preferred mode of implementation - would possibly support a change from FPTP, although the margin is pretty tight at 58% for change (PR or ranked) vs 43% who want FPTP.
&gt; Those surveyed were asked to rank four different electoral systems: [first past the post, list PR, MMP, and IRV]

Why include list PR but not STV?
It's promising that a minority of people support FPTP and many Canadians appear to back a proportional system. 

Yes, they have their concerns and the anti-MMP/STV pro-IRV group have their staunch beliefs too. 

* 0) "**MMP removes local ridings and therefore the connection between MPs and constituents**."

**Local representation by ridings is *preserved* in MMP**. Ridings electing a single Member of Parliament will still exist in this system. For an example, look at [Germany](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/German_federal_election,_2013) and [New Zealand](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Zealand_general_election,_2014). We could even add an element of IRV/AV to this and elect the riding MPs by IRV/AV. 

* 1) "**MMP uses an unelected and unaccountable party list, causing MPs to be owned by their party/leader**."

Not at all; **the list can be elected**, or **it doesn't even have to exist** at all. [There is the open list](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Open_list) election method, where voters can choose who from the party candidates get elected to the "top up" seats, through various progressively more open methods. [Many countries and regions](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Open_list#List_of_countries_with_open_list_proportional_representation) use an open list. 

Alternatively, one German state, [Baden-Württemberg](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baden-W%C3%BCrttemberg_state_election,_2011), [elects the "best near winners" from the riding level races to the top up seats](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mixed-member_proportional_representation#Procedures). 

And no, as others have claimed before, we would not have to throw in all the top up MPs into one large provincial basket. Previous proposals have the top up MPs elected by regions in each province that clearly represent a community of regional interest in the province. For example, Ottawa residents would elect Ottawa's top up seats, and Eastern Ontarians will elect Eastern Ontario's top up seats.  

Also, Germany and New Zealand may use lists, but there is nothing preventing us from forming our own unique solutions. 

a) Another point to be reminded of is that the power each MP has is a distinct, albeit interconnected, issue to how they're elected. One can be in favour of a more proportional electoral system while strongly believing in empowering the MP. 

* 2) "**MMP causes political instability**." 

One might make that case when **looking at Israel, Belgium, and Italy** but here's the thing, **none of them use MMP**.

In MMP using [Germany](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/German_federal_election,_2009), and [New Zealand](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Zealand_general_election,_2008), **elections have been held *more consistently and less frequently* there** than here.

a) "**MMP would cause a chaotic fracturization of political parties and let extremists in**."

Most **PR countries**, including MMP using New Zealand and Germany, **have an [election threshold](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Election_threshold)**, usually 4 or 5%, **for parties to enter Parliament**. Truly **fringe groups will not cross that threshold** and ultimately their influence will be severely limited. 
&gt;When asked to rank the top goals of a voting system, the respondents at large said they wanted simple ballots, strong stable governments, the ability to directly elect the MPs who represent their constituency, and assurances that the government has MPs from each region of the country.

FPTP has all of these advantages. When it comes down to it I don't think most Canadians are going to want to change the voting system, and even if they do there's no way they'll agree on what change needs to be made. That suits me just fine though since I think we should keep FPTP. 
I'm not convinced that party brass will let Trudeau change the electoral system. The fact that the LPC has governed with majority governments while never taking more than 50% of the popular vote in recent memory is proof enough. 

http://www.parl.gc.ca/parlinfo/Compilations/ElectionsAndRidings/ResultsParty.aspx

As we can see, the last LPC government to break 50% is all the way back in the post war era. Not even Trudeau Sr. was able to do it. Would Canada's natural governing party be willing to give up that power?

History suggests that they would not. 

Easy way out for Trudeau is this: attach a referendum question to the 2019 ballot with an arbitrarily high threshold like we saw in BC. Assuming he wins the election, he can then claim to say "the people have spoken" if he loses the referendum. Assuming the referendum falls then the issue will not resurface for at least a few years.
&gt; However, there is also a large group (32%) who do not have strong views about electoral reform either way. This “persuadable” group will be a key audience in any campaign to change or maintain Canada’s voting system.
Forty-four percent of Canadians prefer one of the proportional voting systems while 43% prefer the status quo, the single member plurality system. However, those who want to change Canada's electoral system are more likely to favour a system that produces more proportional results in the House of Commons. Few prefer the ranked/preferential ballot system. This preference is consistent across all party lines.

From the conclusion of the [study](https://d3n8a8pro7vhmx.cloudfront.net/broadbent/pages/4770/attachments/original/1448994262/Canadian_Electoral_Reform_-_Report.pdf?1448994262).

I'm glad they're talking about the differences between the two most likely candidate systems. Lots of people somehow have no idea that this was a major campaign promise.
&gt;A survey of the size conducted by Abacus is expected to reflect the broad opinions of the Canadian public...


Except they probably only called old people with land lines... 

Whatever system they choose they need to let people weigh in online. Don't rely on these stupid abucus polls and feel like that's representative. Didnt this last election show them to be crap? There's no need. Paliament has a website, they should host their own polls. And whatever system they choose is should include being able to vote in elections online.
Exactly right. I was reading this below yesterday and it argues a similar point, and that accepting refugees is actually one of the best ways to combat Daesh, as it reveals the narrative they try to spread to be false.

http://pjgoldsmith.com/2015/11/14/why-paris-shows-that-isis-are-losing-and-we-who-maintain-the-greyzone-are-winning/
Reactionary measures to events like this almost never solve anything, and often tend to make things worse. It's exactly what terrorists want; a nation weakened by its own protectionist policies.
The Paris attacks just put the issue in the spotlight.

It was only a matter of time before it happened and it's only a matter of time before it happens again. Whether you agree with the liberal refugee policy or not the Paris attacks shouldn't have a huge impact on it regardless.
It won't.

That being said, keeping campaign promises shouldn't stop Canada from implementing proper screening processes. 
You'd think a science journal could get their facts right on this. The "Minister of Science" in Trudeau's cabinet is identical to the position of "Minister of State for Science" in Harper's cabinet.  It's still a junior minister-of-state designated to assist the Minister of Industry even if they've decided to drop "of State" from the stylized titles.  

Don't believe me? Read the Order-in-Council from yesterday: http://www.pco-bcp.gc.ca/oic-ddc.asp?lang=eng&amp;txtToDate=&amp;txtPrecis=&amp;Page=secretariats&amp;txtOICID=&amp;txtAct=&amp;txtBillNo=&amp;txtFromDate=2015-11-04&amp;txtDepartment=&amp;txtChapterNo=&amp;txtChapterYear=&amp;rdoComingIntoForce=&amp;DoSearch=Search+/+List&amp;pg=8&amp;viewattach=31588&amp;blnDisplayFlg=1
If for nothing else the change in tone is heartening. It didn't really sink in for me until seeing the name change to Minister of Environment **and Climate Change**. With all of the evidence that's built up, it's long overdue that the government gives real national security issues the attention they deserve. 

The future of this country in 21st century could be very bright but we can't afford for anti-intellectualism to hold us back. 


What is the difference between Minister of Science and Minister of Innovation and Science?
I really enjoy the big liquor mart stores. If the end result of pot legalization is that I can buy pot from a similar establishment I'll be quite content with that.

&gt;Alcohol is 18 plus. I would see marijuana being 18 plus. 

~~This is the one thing I don't agree with. I understand the desire for consistency but I think it's important we base the age based on research. From what I recall there are still mental health risks to regular cannabis use after 18. 25 may be a safer bet.~~

Edit: I stand corrected. I can't argue with any of the good points you folks have made.
If people want to attack us, they will find a way. There is no reason to not help those in need because we are afraid that our risk of attack might increase slightly. I hate to say it, but ISIS really does not want anyone to help those refugees. They are counting on our fear.
We're forever at cross purposes when it comes to the Middle East and its predominant religion.

We want to pull our forces out of the Middle East and be a bit more isolationist, but we also want to keep our borders wide open and admit as many refugees from the conflict as we possibly can. 

We don't want the intelligence services in the country to have too much power, but we also desperately need them to vet the thousands of people coming in. 

We don't want to impose our secular ideas about government and personal liberty on the Muslim countries, because they should have the right to self determination, but when Danish cartoonists are threatened with violence for drawing pictures of Mohammed, we take the side of the people uttering the threats, thereby undermining the application of our ideals in our own countries. 
As the days pass it seems that more and more of these guys were French citizens either living in France or living in neighbouring countries. I even read an article that mentioned one of the guys was already on a terrorism watch list. These sound like homegrown terrorists inspired by groups abroad which is actually a far more scary scenario than ISIS sneaking into the country disguised as refugees. 
So intelligence failures are to blame, yet people still want Bill C-51 which gives our intelligence agencies more power to do their jobs more effectively re-done? Am I the only one who see's even a smidgen of irony here?
Except that they used fake Passports to get into Greece from Syria so this just discredits Trudeau's plan of screening since they have acess to make fake identification up. 
Good to see Mulcair respecting the concept of "representation" with this stance.  This deal is no good for almost everyone, and everyone knows it.  Now it's just a matter of: How broken is the system of "representation."  Is it possible to ignore the whole country if only the insanely wealthy want the TPP?
It's easy to establish a standpoint contrary to the government if there's nothing at stake. 

&gt;"Canadians can count on us to do that, because there are major challenges on the horizon," he said.

After soundly rejecting the NDP, I am not sure that Canadians care for the NDP to tackle the many challenges on the horizon. What is it Tom is going to do? Find a position to the left of the Liberals on TPP when it was abundantly clear that he would have been compelled to sign TPP anyhow? It's disingenuous to come out swinging against something when your own standpoint was clearly opposite prior to an election loss?

Back in July, when the NDP was riding high in the polls, the NDP camp said they would support flawed trade deals if they helped advance Canadian trade. As the election is winding down the NDP is further from electoral victory, suddenly they find the moral guidance to oppose it? (See: [Here](https://ca.news.yahoo.com/blogs/canada-politics/ndp-would-embrace-trade-agreements-in-office--party-s-trade-critic-says-214429359.html))

Pardon me, but I have a real hard time taking anything that Tom says with any measure of seriousness. He'll say exactly what he thinks it takes to get elected and will now sit in opposition, literally opposing Trudeau on a piece of policy he was fully willing to embrace if it brought him an electoral victory. 
I hope Mulcair also criticizes the ISDS and Canada's weak reservations from the investment provisions. I guess these things are a little too complex for stump speeches and sound bites, but those are the real issues with TPP (along with copyright) as far as I'm concerned. Don Davies did a good job probing similar issues with CETA in committees (though, most people and the media don't follow that). Hopefully, the Liberals will be true to their claim to review the deal in the open and will give the NDP, civil society groups,  and experts a chance ce to really point out the flaws and risks in this deal. 
I support our new government, but this TPP deal seems very scary for Canadians, especially long-term. I'm counting on the NDP to scrutinize this deal and oppose it vigorously if they believe it is not in our best interest since we won't be able to count on the official opposition, the CPC, to do that. 
Support or oppose Keystone, I think Obama should have made the decision years ago, and the delay was just dithering. Keystone has been hanging over oil politics for years, and the tenuous prospect of it has hindered efforts to pursue other options. An earlier decision would have been a victory for environmentalists and a boon to the industry.
I'm seeing a few comments here along the lines of "value added" and "we should refine here" and the like.

Refineries are really, really, really expensive, and dealing with bitumen from the tar sands is more expensive than the usual oil you get. It's way cheaper to upgrade an existing refinery to handle bitumen than it is to build a new one from scratch.

So, if the government were to, for whatever reason, mandate that we couldn't export the bitumen without it being upgraded we'd either see a huge slowdown in the tar sands beyond what's already happened as current prices don't make that kind of investment anything near worthwhile, or governments would have to kick in to pay for the refineries. Neither of these is a good option.

When politicians say "I support refining in Canada" or whatever I always read that as "I don't want to have an honest discussion about the tar sands". If you're against it, be against it instead of making it sound like your problem with it is that it just isn't Canadian enough.
A year ago, I posted here ranking the pipeline proposals in order of likelihood of being built, based on everything I know about them:

1) Energy East

2) Kinder Morgan

3) Keystone XL

4) Northern Gateway

So far those rankings are holding up well.  Northern Gateway is essentially dead in the water, and Keystone has now been rejected (although this could be reversed if the Republicans win).  Kinder Morgan I have no idea what the outcome will be, and Energy East isn't a sure thing, but I suspect it'll get built.  I think the fact that it could be refined in New Brunswick will give it an advantage.
[Statement by the Prime Minister of Canada on the Keystone XL pipeline](http://pm.gc.ca/eng/news/2015/11/06/statement-prime-minister-canada-keystone-xl-pipeline)

&gt;“The application for a cross-border permit for the Keystone XL pipeline project was turned down by the United States Government today. We are disappointed by the decision but respect the right of the United States to make the decision.

&gt;“The Canada-U.S. relationship is much bigger than any one project and I look forward to a fresh start with President Obama to strengthen our remarkable ties in a spirit of friendship and co-operation.

&gt;“We know that Canadians want a government that they can trust to protect the environment and grow the economy. The Government of Canada will work hand-in-hand with provinces, territories and like-minded countries to combat climate change, adapt to its impacts, and create the clean jobs of tomorrow.”


As I posted on another thread, Trudeau gets to wash his hands of one of the more contentious bits of oil/climate change policy without having to do a thing.  He has given clear support on Keystone since 2013, though I doubt he's sweating much over it's defeat. 

Give credit where credit is due. Obama probably would have rubber stamped this if there hadn't been sustained activism in the states XL would have passed through.
I feel that if he was going to say no it's better that he does it early in Trudeau's government. Sucks for him but now US-Canada relations can move on to other issues.
It'll be really interesting to see how Trudeau publicly addresses this. 

Gotta seen green but also disappointed.

1st big challenge for our new PM? 
Talk to anybody with eyes and an interest in pipelines, that live in the Alberta, Montana to Texas corridor, and you will hear all kinds of stories of other pipelines being built.   Could Keystone have been a way to distract the public from all the other pipelines being quietly built elsewhere?
Its a tough day for the Trudeau and Harper consensus on energy policy. 
Thanks Obama,
I wonder why liberal so obsessed to selling unprocessed natural resource(and jobs) to US (with discount) so we can buy their "cheap" gas. 

I was opposed our party's view on this during the election and I'm glad Obama rejected it. That report that came out though (can't recall what source) that said there have been other pipelines built in the last few yeara of similar capacity and size as Keystone XL would've been is unsettling. 
Eh, I'm actually okay with this. I get the need to get crude to markets more efficiently, but we should be doing this only if we are going to have value-added jobs alongside these projects. And considering the the fact that market is already saturated with supply, I'm skeptical that it would even help boost exports of oil.
Can anyone give me a ELI5 on the pro/cons of this project? People who I respect are both for and against it, and I guess I don't really understand the two positions. Does it boil down to environment vs economy? Are pipelines better or worse for the environment than other methods of transporting oil?
The federal government brought the hammer down on TH over their miss use of the guest worker program.  The case in Fernie involved the owner of TH marching his staff to ATM's to give him money back because he didn't want to pay overtime.  

Effectively racist behavior as foreign workers are receive full Canadian protection.  


I sincerely wonder if them being owned by a Brazilian mega company changes anything in their filing or Processing of this case. Would TH still go forward if they were wholly Canadian? 
Am I interpreting this correctly? Nearly all of those jobs were related to the federal election, which is now over. So now the jobs don't exist and we're returning to previous numbers. If this is accurate then the title is misleading and the comments ITT are tangential. If my interpretation is inaccurate then, well... sorry.
At the same time the US added 211,000 jobs. The different directions, along with strong talk of a rate hike in the US this month is killing the Canadian dollar. I work for a company sells mostly to the US and it's great for us though.
I wonder how many of those jobs were temporary positions working for Elections Canada?
Times like this I'm glad to be on EI. But like.... fuck this feels like welfare/ free loading. 

I live with my parents (recently graduated uni so that'll change the second I get a stable job) and I have almost saved up for a downpayment on a house on EI..... am I doing it right?? 
Given the seasonality of employment and a series of other factors, I'm not totally surprised. It seems economists have been going for very conservative estimates both on the +/- side but ended-up on the far-end of estimates each time. I'm not holding out much hope for December, but will be interested to see how Jan/Feb/March shake-out. 
I find it interesting that from a global/environmental perspective, it's probably good that the tar sands are not doing as well, but from a Canadian/economy perspective, it's purely negative.
This is great, but I would be much happier if Trudeau could find some way to make these reforms permanent. I don't think any of us enjoy living in an environment where 1 man can build up all this wonderful change only to have another, single man/woman, tear it all down in 4 years.

The amount of power the pmo has is troubling.  
I'm glad that the Speaker will now be applying Rule 2 to Parliamentary debate. I'm sure there will be no problems at all with the traditional near absolute free speech that MPs enjoy. 

The cynic in me says that this will just maintain the hyper partisanship but under the guise of better language. 
I've been an advocate for parliamentary reform despite what you think of my flair (I know I know). So here's hoping for some positive change and less hyper partisan bills. 
It's not mentioned in this article, but in some French papers it's mentioned that Quebec says the timeline proposed by Trudeau will not be met, because it is unrealistic.

http://www.lapresse.ca/international/crise-migratoire/201511/16/01-4921354-accueillir-6000-refugies-dici-janvier-impossible-dit-quebec.php
Considering the size and the amount of cities within those provinces. 16,000 isn't even a lot.

People probably won't even notice.


I think all Canadians will understand if they need more time to vet the refugees.
We ought to do what we can for whoever we can help. The utility of these numbers comes as targets that first ministers nationwide are committing to, which will make it politically harder to do nothing.

Brad Wall has taken up exactly the position ISIL wants him to. That would trouble me, personally.
Brad Wall will find himself on the wrong side of history on this one, even if we miss this 'deadline'. 
Fine with me. I want my province to reap the economic benefits of immigration 
&gt; Manitoba’s MINCOME experiment

This argument always loses me. Here's the problem with what Manitoba did: it was **not** basic income. Basic income needs to be a self-sufficient system. The Dauphin experiment wasn't self-sufficient. It was 20 million people across the country funding a basic income for a few thousand, and a child could tell you the outcome of that experiment - people who got a lot of money at virtually no cost did fairly well.

What we actually need to find out about basic income is whether it can work as a system that sustains itself, with no external funding. Could a city, or a province, or a country redistribute income amongst itself to create a basic income system? I'd like to see an answer to that question.

&gt; The UK’s Green party put basic income policy at the forefront of its spring election campaign, cost out to an eye-watering £331 billion but made revenue-neutral via the abolition of a raft of welfare provisions including child benefits.

The other part of basic income that loses me is the one-size-fits-all proposal. Different benefits are made to take different factors into account. Child, senior, and disability benefits take into account that those people are unable to hold any sort of job. In the case of child benefits, they take into account the fact that housing isn't a major issue (children usually live with parents). In the case of seniors, it's partly funded in advance by the people who collect the benefits. 

&gt; Basic income schemes have travelled from the arcane corners of left-wing thought to prominence today only after the realization that not merely socialism but also Keynesianism has been defeated, at least at the level of the nation-state (even the federal NDP pledges balanced budgets and low taxes).

I don't really see what the argument is here. For the latter, the NDP wasn't proposing low taxes. They were proposing to keep tax rates at current levels but increase revenue by cancelling certain tax credits. And balanced budgets are exactly what Keynesianism would call for right now. The economy certainly isn't shrinking - the PBO is expecting real GDP growth of 1.1% this year, and around 2% from 2016 - 2020. You can make the case that we shouldn't be paying down the debt yet, but from a Keynesian perspective, you can't justify heavy deficit spending after 7-10 consecutive years of positive economic growth.
I think the biggest hurdle that exists when people discuss such a proposal is the idea that it decreases the incentive for people to work.  What people fail to recognize though is how many menial jobs AND professions are going to be phased out by machines and artificial intelligence over the next few decades.  I'd oppose any form of hastily implemented decisions right now, but we're quickly coming upon a technical revolution that's going to completely change the way we look at working.

While I don't claim to know the right way to accommodate it, including the implementation of a universal basic income, something's going to have to change.
&gt; Armine Yalnizyan, senior economist with the Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives, a progressive think tank, is likewise not a fan. She notes that while Segal’s back-of-the-envelope figure came to $30 billion, a more realistic sum from Simon Fraser University economist Jonathan Rhys Kesselman put it at $350 billion. “This equals a huge opportunity cost,” she says. “Even if you got back some of that money, as Senator Segal says would be the case, by scrapping programs, the poor could be even worse off, depending on which group of poor.”

$350 billion is how much it would cost to give every single person in Canada (starting at age 0) $10,000... If someone has to resort to that terrible of reasoning to make it seem like a bad idea it is clearly a good idea. I found the post where Jonathan Rhys Kesselman suggests this $350 billion cost [here](http://inroadsjournal.ca/richard-pereiras-proposal-lacks-political-realism/). Reading through that article it is clear this guy has no interest in actually discussing the merits of such a policy and just wants to attack it.

Edit: Just to go into a little more detail... Lets say we want to give everyone over 18 $10,000. But for every dollar made we subtract $0.50 until they get nothing. This is what's mentioned in the article and would fix any problem of disincentivizing working in my view. If we look [here](http://www12.statcan.gc.ca/nhs-enm/2011/ref/guides/99-014-x/c-g/c-g01-eng.cfm) we see income by family unit. [Here](http://www.statcan.gc.ca/tables-tableaux/sum-som/l01/cst01/famil53a-eng.htm) we find out a family unit is about 2.5 people. But, [25% of our population is below 18](http://www.ccsd.ca/factsheets/demographics/), so lets assume a family unit averages only 2 adults. That means any family unit under $40,000 will get some level of benefit (almost never a full $10k). Thats about 40% of family units. So, taking our national population of about [35 million](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Population_of_Canada), removing the 25% who are under 18 and multiplying by 40% we get 10.5 million who would receive benefits. If all of them got the full $10k that'd be $105 billion. 

Seeing as almost 2/3 of those 10.5 million are above the 20k family earnings mark more realistically the cost would be ~$35 billion. And even that number is IF the program allowed income splitting which would never happen. So yah, even $30 billion seems like it has some padding built in. Looking at the [total federal budget](http://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/politics/budget/infographic-your-2012-federal-budget-explained/article643909/) that amount of money could be recovered elsewhere, but it would be tough. And, in terms of whether this would actually be a good approach... I don't know. But the current system sucks.
So long as the basic income is tied to your employment status, I'm OK with it. I don't think people who chose not to work deserve a Government handout.
Against the idea entirely. With minimum wage now over $10 an hour in all provinces, working full time at those wages equated to about 18,000 a year. Not a huge amount, but significantly better than when I started at 5.50 back in 1999. A guaranteed basic income reduces the incentive to work. Considering the productivity problems they Canada has, that is not a good thing. 
Let's be realistic here.

We have two options regarding ISIS, there is no middle ground.

We can hunker down and wait for it's to burn out. Taking refugees here and there, but just staying out of the conflict and hoping it burns it's self out. That could easily last decades and cost millions of lives and trillions in human productivity.

Or we can try to do a multi-lateral UN authorized direct intervention into Iraq and Syria, combined with a legitimate, rebuilding process.

Because the truth is, terrorism is far more complicated then killing the bad guys. You have to improve the lives of the people who are in the vicinity of the radicals, so that they don't turn to them for livelihood, security and world view. You can't just drone em from the sky, it doesn't work like that. Even taking out their leaders won't do much in that regard, because ISIS isn't really a state. 


(In a tangentially related mini rant, I think we've put a lot of overemphasis in the exclusivity of leadership qualities. Executive ability is far from exclusive as we've treated it as and once barriers to rising and replacements are removed, it's made obvious. This is how ISIS can keep shitting out commanders and little progress in changing the functioning of their "institutions" are made. It hurts to say but their command structure is far more 21st century in that regard than anything we have in response, Mini Rant Over)

But you can't send in aid workers to do that because ISIS will kil them, so if you want to fix this, there needs  to be a military presence. The current actions in regards to us being half way in and half way out are largely duo to the fact that we can't stomach military intervention. 

We couldn't do shit during the Rwandan Genocide, much less post the fuck up in Iraq that largely caused this mess (though let's be real here, it would have happened eventually) 

Another thing is we need to cut all ties to hypocrisy that undermines any actions, which includes telling the Sauds to go screw themselves unless they're looking to move away from Wahhabism. Take the oil loses, the weapons sales loses, what ever.


I say this all in a completely non-partisan fashion. Every major political party in the world is dead wrong on this issue due to a combination of special interests and public pandering.
I'm interested to know how people think our jets could have stopped these attacks.  Assuming they were perpetrated by ISIL (or whoever).
Including military?

Edit: I'd just like to add that obviously my thoughts are with the people of France, and Paris specifically. Right now is not the time to talk politics, we don't have the facts to debate policy, and even if we did, now is not the time. We should remember those who were sadly taken from us tonight. There will come time in the near future to debate, as there should be, but now may not be the time.  
IMO this is exactly the time to talk politics. The longer we wait, the weaker the impetus for big steps becomes.

Sanctions against the Saudis - no oil sales. UN-endorsed occupation of everything between Jordan and Iran for a long term rebuild.

If not now - when?

Best option is to probably find another Saddam.
If France invokes article 5 of the North Atlantic Treaty, what do we think the response from our new government will be?

&gt;Article 5:

&gt;The Parties agree that an armed attack against one or more of them in Europe or North America shall be considered an attack against them all and consequently they agree that, if such an armed attack occurs, each of them, in exercise of the right of individual or collective self-defence recognised by Article 51 of the Charter of the United Nations, will assist the Party or Parties so attacked by taking forthwith, individually and in concert with the other Parties, such action as it deems necessary, including the use of armed force, to restore and maintain the security of the North Atlantic area.

&gt;Any such armed attack and all measures taken as a result thereof shall immediately be reported to the Security Council. Such measures shall be terminated when the Security Council has taken the measures necessary to restore and maintain international peace and security.
~~If Canadian journalists were brave, they would grill Minister Sajjan by tomorrow for daring to imply that ISIS and their followers are not a threat to Canada.~~

~~The police were present in every dense hotspot in Vancouver this afternoon due to this attack~~

Edit: Just read his interview and I stand corrected.
A dramatic shift from [his comments on this 2 months ago](http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/saskatchewan/we-ll-do-our-part-sask-premier-brad-wall-on-syrian-refugee-crisis-1.3216523), when he was trying to get people volunteer to help welcome them. 

 He specifically cites Paris as his reasoning.  He either didn't realize such an attack was possible before he saw Paris become an example, or he's allowing fear to get the better of him.

People seem to be operating under the assumption that security screenings will be relaxed for speed, [when that isn't the case.](http://canadaam.ctvnews.ca/canadians-shouldn-t-fret-over-refugee-security-concerns-expert-1.2660279)  No security process is perfect, but why would anyone think the government would have no security screenings at all?  Is this a continuation of the 'just not ready' meme?
This is very disappointing. I had a lot of respect for Wall, but turning our backs on those fleeing for their lives is a shameful idea.

ISIS hates the idea of the west opening their arms to Muslim refugees. It is very damaging to their reputation. I think statements like Wall's are exactly what they are looking for.

Lets turn our backs on statements like Brad Wall's and instead take the advice of the French ambassador to continue to refuse refuge for hatred and fear, and lend a hand to the refugees.
Wall drapes himself in shame. A demand that no refugees be brought to Canada until the federal government can guarantee all are angels is an impossible ask, and he must know it. He is really asking for no Syrian refugees to be resettled at all. 
I think it's legitimate for people to express concern about security generally in the wake of the attacks in Paris and in response to what is an ambitious refugee plan, but I also think it jumps the gun to call on the Liberals to break their refugee promise already, most importantly because we haven't seen the, you know, *actual plan*. Apparently they'll be announcing it soon, according to the Health Minister.

Where has a Cabinet Minister or government official said that the Liberals' refugee promise necessitates compromising the security screening process? I haven't seen a single story with a direct quote from someone involved, but I'm happy to be corrected. 

So far it seems to me that Conservatives like Wall are just assuming that federal officials are incapable of screening refugees. I'd like some evidence for that assumption. I'll wait to see the government's plan before I make a judgment. In the absence of evidence that we can't screen refugees, I think we should defer as much as possible to as generous a refugee policy as we can muster.
America has 10x our population and is accepting 10,000 refugees. Why are we bringing in 25,000?
Isn't it a bit sleazy to publish an open letter on this issue? If Wall has got concerns about shortcuts in the process, that's reasonable - and Trudeau should answer his questions. And if Trudeau refused to do so, a public letter would be a prudent response. 

As it stands, it looks like Wall is trying to make political hay off of refugees, and that's kind of despicable. 

Do we even know if the Paris attackers were Syrian refugees? 
There was an election, and taking refugees was discussed at length, in addition to the niqab ruling from the courts.

The conservatives were lambasted because they wanted to restrict the number of refugees and called the niqab "un-Canadian".

The Liberal party argued for large numbers of refugees, and took the opposite position on the niqab (namely, that it is Canadian).

The Liberals were elected.

This means that Canadians want many refugees, since they voted for this, and also, Canadians accepted the niqab as part of Canadian life.

The 25,000 target set by the Liberals is low, given their electoral promises.

Since Canadians clearly indicated that they support large numbers of refugees resettled safely in Canada, by voting for the Liberals/NDP in a majority, the Gov of Canada is now obliged to bring in, at least 25000 by year end, and many more next year.

I do not know what Premier Wall does not understand about elections on particular questions.  There was a question about this before the voters, and they voted.  The verdict of the voters is pretty clear, namely, a large number of refugees can be brought to Canada.
Brad Wall should have ran for federal office if he wanted to opine on this issue.
So, even though the plan is to basically set these people up in an atmosphere close to an internment camp while they are fully processed, our security is still at risk?   Do you figure it's a lack of faith in the security provided by our soldiers or more along the lines that these refugees just might have warlock type powers?   Reading some of the reasons not to give humanitatian aid to these people leads me to think the warlock hypothese has some merit.
The problem, as I see it, is that Brad is trying to talk out of both sides of his mouth here.

From [Wall's twitter in September](https://twitter.com/premierbradwall/status/639871854690209792), for example:

&gt;SK can support more refugees. As a people &amp; govt we will do our part for those fleeing war, tyranny for safe asylum: 

Which include this link to [his Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/PremierBradWall/posts/10153592664184267):

&gt;We've told the federal government that Saskatchewan can and will support more refugees in our province to assist with the ongoing crisis. We're going to work closely with all levels of government on how our province can help these families in their time of need.
&gt;If you want to help personally, there's a number of great organizations that support refugees through Canada’s Private Sponsorship of Refugees Program. Roughly 75% of them are church groups or church-connected groups. The Mennonite, Christian Reformed, United, Alliance, Presbyterian, and Catholic churches are all active in refugee support.
&gt;Here's a complete list: http://www.cic.gc.ca/eng…/refugees/sponsor/list-sponsors.asp
&gt;Funds gathered for these organization will be used to provide rent, food, clothing and other basic needs for local refugees.
&gt;There are also many agencies in Saskatchewan supporting refugees that could use your support. These include:
&gt;• The Regina Open Door Society, a non-profit organization providing settlement and integration services to refugees and immigrants;
&gt;• The Saskatoon Refugee Coalition, part of a non-profit national organization committed to public education on refugees in Canada;
&gt;• The Prince Albert YWCA which provides settlement services to newly-landed immigrants and refugees for up to five years;
&gt;• The Southwest Newcomer Welcome Centre in Swift Current, which provides programs and resources for immigrants and refugees.
&gt;As a people and a government, Saskatchewan will do its part for those fleeing war and tyranny for safe asylum.

Even as few as 4 days ago, the provincial government was still [ready and willing to increase refugee settlement by 15%](http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/saskatchewan/saskatchewan-waiting-on-federal-plans-for-syrian-refugees-1.3316480). 

It seems a rather abrupt change, given previous stances and openness on the issue.


It's not like the security concerns weren't being raised by many prior to the Paris attacks so this just screams political opportunism. Sadly, nobody in Saskatchewan is strong enough to take on Wall for this shameful stance.
I'm gonna quote what my friend wrote on Facebook:

"and now, a group that is angry that people would rather flee than be citizens of their self styled caliphate are trying to scare the rest of the world into making them stay."
http://thinkprogress.org/world/2015/11/16/3722838/all-paris-attackers-identified-so-far-are-european-nationals-according-to-top-eu-official/
Does this make him a terrorist? 
This is the type of video ISIS would make.
In keeping with the theme of crazy racism we've seen this week, this guy takes the cake for craziest.  

We really need some leadership in separating Daesh from every other person from the middle east because this is getting worse.  
These people seem completely oblivious to the fact this is just another form of terrorism. Both sides utterly convinced their morals are superior, with such righteous conviction to their extreme idiology they are willing to kill for it.
Well one thing is for sure, with that style of trigger discipline he is a bigger danger to himself than anyone else. And yes... clearly a fake gun.
Weird how he is referred to as a prankster when it seems that authorities have much stronger words for it when it's a minority. Especially the whole "hoax bomb" saga.
What an absolute clown.

[See for yourself](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w22zg2Uci9w) in the video /u/_Minor_Annoyance found. He's nothing but a "chialeur" bravely hiding behind a mask uttering death threats on the internet, and he should be charged as such. May his full name be published in newspapers so that all may point and laugh at this imbecile.

I really can't wrap my head around all of the fear surrounding the Syrian refugees. These people arrive here half-starved, sleep deprived, and in absolutely no shape to take arms in a guerilla warfare operation / suicide mission. Even if they were in tip-top shape,  most don't speak either of Canada's official languages. How exactly are they supposed to get their hands on the necessary materials to cause the sort of carnage we saw happen in Paris? Terrorist sleeper cells in Peterborough or Sorel? Please...
does anyone have a link to the video?
This is seriously the dumbest goddamn thing I've seen in awhile.  I hope the police find him, and try him under the rulings of exactly what he claimed he would do, even if he possessed no intention of acting upon his threats.


If anyone ever wanted to know how to loose the moral high ground, this is a good first lesson.
I am confident that the RCMP will find this gentleman and give him a nice vacation at an appropriate provincial institution at the judges discretions
This is the sort of thing that manufactures more of these "Arabs", who are terrorists, you idiot. Hope he gets charged with terrorism and gets his bum kicked by anyone he tries to harass in the coming days.
Looks like he's been found and arrested this morning.
Somebody didn't get enough attention from mommy so now he's seeking it on the Internet.
It always seemed pretty clear the Tories had generated a surplus this year through a combination of wishful thinking, creative accounting, a boundless imagination, and a burning desire to be reelected even at the cost of fudging the truth.

It's one reason I'm glad the Liberals promised deficits - I never bought the Tory fiscal Giller Prize submission and it gives them some room to achieve some good stuff without having to immediately make a bunch of cuts to keep a rash promise *cough* NDP *cough*
&gt;The last Conservative budget forecasted a $2.3-billion surplus for this year, but Finance Canada now says it's more likely the year will end with a $3-billion deficit - and that's before Liberal campaign promises are costed in.

I'm sure their math will be checked, but that's a big hole to suddenly open up.   

The Liberal budget is going to be interesting to see where they have to make changes.  Bigger deficits?  New taxes? 
[Link to the full report](http://www.budget.gc.ca/efp-peb/2015/pub/toc-tdm-en.html).
So that means in Harper's entire reign as PM he ran only one budget surplus. In his first term, with a minority government, and riding the coat tails of more than 10 years of LPC budget surpluses. 

http://www.cbc.ca/news/multimedia/canada-s-deficits-and-surpluses-1963-to-2015-1.3042571

This is precisely why real conservative fiscal hawks like Brent Rathgeber have abandoned that party. They are no longer a party of true conservative values, but rather one that uses the guise of those values to push some insidious agenda.


Fine by me. I'd rather they hadn't made the deadline commitment firm in the first place (as opposed to an aspiration) but am pleased they aren't going to overly rush things just to keep a faulty commitment.
Cool, glad they're not rushing it.  
Not surprising that they had to break this pledge. The amount they had aimed for was clearly too high. 

What's more worrying is the large different in cost and counting the privately sponsored refugees.
The reality is that the January 1st limit was completely arbitrary and that there was no way to meet it with our current resources - I think the plan that they've presented acknowledges that. It's a bit of a more reasonable timeline: this allows for a more orderly screening process, transport, and integration into their new homes. 

That being said, I trust that the TrudeauMetre will be adjusted to show his first broken promise. It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out that the planned 25 000 by January 1st isn't a feasible plan.  
Great to see the LPC adhering to the Bloc's position on this.
Didn't the government imply that it would bring in 25 000 government sponsored refugees? Not 15 000 plus 10 000 private?
I think it's important that as many Canadians as possible be on board for the refugee plan. Polls were showing that Canadians had an issue with the timeline. If this allays those fears and helps keep goodwill rather than resentment towards refugees, which I believe it will, I am all for it.
Am I the only one who doesn't see this as a "failed promise"? The whole promise was centred around bringing in refugees... so they couldn't do it in the time they anticipated. At least they made their goal more realistic. Fine by me.
Seems a much more sensible approach, I wonder why it took so long for them to stop denying the deadline was unrealistic?  No one's seriously going to criticize them for "breaking a promise" over a two month extension. 

Little more concerned with the original planned costing.  They estimated $120 million in their platform for 25,000 government sponsored refugees.  What we're getting is 15,000 government supported for $600+ million and 10,000 privately sponsored.  Don't have an issue with this, except for why was their costing so low in the first place and is this going to be a common trend with their other campaign promises.
The new conservative line so far on social media is shaping up to be: "well they shouldn't have made the promise in the first place".
This is hardly surprising. What I don't understand is, why did they insist for so long that they would make the deadline?

The way the cost of this has been reported is a little confusing, but under $700 million is substantially less than $1.2 billion, so that's nice.
As a conservative supporter, I am very pleased with the liberals. The 10,000 number is making good on Harpers promise, that we knew he did not have any intention of completing. While I prefer an emphasis on minorities, I applaud Mr. Trudeau for accepting family's and women first. Single men are far more statistically to be terrorists unfortunately. I am a male myself, and I know this statistic is unfortunate, but on such a short time line it is a far more realistic plan.
Realistically, almost nobody wanted them to.  This is good politics.  Even those of us who strongly support the refugee program are okay with the deadline slipping a bit to make sure they get this right.

That said, I can't imagine being told in a frozen shit-hole refugee camp that you've got to wait another month.
Can you really imagine bringing in 5k people per week into the country for the next five weeks, making sure that they were all screened with next to absolute certainty that they had no incriminating/suspicious ties to extremist groups? 

It's the prudent thing to do, and to be honest, as horrible as it sounds, the attacks in Paris really saved them the trouble of having to expedite the processing of this many people. It would've been a security risk even before the attacks. I think it also helps defend the argument that we should be aiming to help the most vulnerable, i.e. families, women, children, homosexuals (targeted by bigoted religious extremists). 

Overall, this totally makes sense. I understand the media taking the stance, "Liberals backing out on election pledge", but it also angers me at the same time, regardless of the fact that I didn't vote for them. It would be extremely irresponsible for the government to stick to the arbitrary self-imposed deadline of 25k immigrants by December 31st. 

I think a strong move on their part would be to AT MINIMUM double their pledge to bringing in 50k to the country (considering that there are literally millions of peopel on the run and Canada is arguably the top 5 best economically situated to absorb them) in the long run. 

We could easily aim for 50k intake by year end 2017. Yes, it would be a strain on our society, but do you think 1.5 million refugees in Lebanon is fair (aka the current situation)? Of course not. Let's do our part.

Edit: I come from the understanding that Canada has indirectly benefited from the destabilization of the Middle East due to American military policies (which Canada had a role in under Harper's leadership), so we should take the brunt of the consequences. If there are millions of people who have lost their homes and the security of their communities due to resource theft (oil, minerals) in the Middle East, and we as Canadians are the benefactors of this theft, we better be ready to pay reparations. This means spreading the wealth to those whose countries we have been at the very least complacent, if not involved, in tearing apart.
Mod note: We're allowing this post since it has a lot of details of the plan, which this morning's post didn't. So please don't report it
First broken promise by this Trudeau administration. Although I'm not complaining, because I was hoping for a time frame that would enable full security checks. However it is a sign of how little Trudeau understands governments work.
They kept alluding to this beforehand, so at least they've come right and said now. Good decision. 
Not surprising, and it was a silly deadline to promise. I hope that this new timeline will allow unaccompanied men a fair chance (presumably there's now ample time to do better individual screening, rather than rejecting large groups of people for reasons of efficiency).
I am glad they saw reason rather than sticking to a reckless and ill-advised promise.

I do find it funny that the people who were insisting that the government would have no trouble effectively screening 25,000 people in two months, and standards would not be any less than normal, etc. are now silent.


So is selling it a good thing or a bad thing?


The NDP want to phase out coal fired plants in Alberta, people have mentioned Ontario's mess with the reassurances that they won't make the same mistakes but I have serious doubts. If you want to reduce carbon emissions you are going to end up paying for it.

http://edmontonjournal.com/business/local-business/albertas-commitment-to-phase-out-coal-fired-power-sparks-fears-of-job-losses

&gt;“Our discussions with the government have been, like many things in life, you need to think about balance and compromise. If you were to say we only care about greenhouse gas emission reductions and we’re going to reduce them at any cost and as fast as we can and as deep as we can, then you can get really big reductions,” Wharton said.

&gt;“But the price of power will skyrocket, the job losses will be enormous and the impact on the economy, GDP and other things, will be really big. So is that the right solution? Well, it’s right maybe for emissions reductions, but we don’t believe that’s a balanced, rational and intelligent policy approach.”
This is what we are paying for.

http://www.airqualityontario.com/aqhi/advisories_stats.php
Good for Trudeau. Good policy is good policy, and ~~reactionary~~ knee-jerk policy is usually bad policy.

*Edited because dictionary*
For me this is a good thing, if anything these attacks highlight what these refugees are running away from and also highlights how important it is to help them. So far our security services have stopped 100% of all terror attacks that were being plotted by foreign nationals, and all but 3 of ones committed by those born in Canada. Our security services are strong, we can take in refugees.
Can someone explain why Trudeau is so obsessed with 25000 by year end figure? 

Why not say look we intend to take in 25000 but it's clear in light of what hs happened in Paris we need to increase our screening and hence this will take a bit longer than expected. 

Also how about looking at the composition of the 25000?  Why not have 50% kids under 14 35% women and 15% men. 

That would make thing a whole lot easier with just 15% men in terms of security. 
Don't blame the refugees for this mssacre: [They.](http://english.alarabiya.net/en/News/middle-east/2015/06/26/ISIS-attack-on-Syria-s-Kobane-kills-146-.html) [Are.](http://english.alarabiya.net/en/News/middle-east/2015/10/30/At-least-40-killed-in-missile-attack-on-Syria-s-Douma.html) [Fleeing.](http://english.alarabiya.net/en/News/middle-east/2015/06/25/ISIS-battles-Kurds-to-renter-Syria-s-Kobane-.html) [Similar](http://www.zerocensorship.com/t/uncensored-isis-execution/136259-isis-teenagers-mass-syria-handgun-shooting-execution-in-palmyra-syria-graphic-video#axzz3rUsqGZSJ) [Attacks.](http://news.antiwar.com/2015/11/12/isis-claims-beirut-bombing-41-killed-over-200-wounded/) They are fleeing ISIS, not a part of it. Don't blame innocent people in an effort to make sense of this terrible tragedy. 
At the very least, we ought to be screening refugees. This sort of common sense doesn't stem from terrorism, it stems from, well...common sense. Blindly letting anyone into our country is a mistake, whether they are a Syrian refugee or a British Investor.
Nor should it be.  The government should be investing in vetting these refugees, and monitoring for security risks.  From what I've heard, this was the plan from the get go. The government seems to be investing more time and energy to make up for the time limit.  I do hope they don't feel too much political pressure to not break their promise if need be, but you can't please everyone

These are stressful times, dealing with an enemy that's hard to track and hard to pin down.  I understand some people are terrified and that they want governments to change policy because of it.  That shouldn't happen.  We shouldn't allow these people to use fear to dictate our actions.  

As for the jets, I have yet to hear anything convincing me that our jets could have stopped these attacks, or been connected to it at all.
A NATO country was attacked by terrorists, on its soil. 500 are dead or wounded. The President of France has described the attack as an act of war. 

How would we want other NATO countries (and NATO is a collective security agreement) to respond if we were attacked by a terrorist organization in control of a large swathe of territory, with threats of future attacks?
Taking in more Refugees in definitely a good thing. CPC was failing on that front. 

But withdrawing one of the ONLY offensive means we have of contributing to the fight against ISIS is short sighted, bad policy and shitty thing to do to our allies. One of the only reasons JT &amp; LPC have this "withdraw fighters" stance is to pull votes away from NDP. Nothing to do with a better security policy or refugee policy. 
I had no particular problem with any given editorial endorsing the Conservatives, nor those endorsing any other political party. I was annoyed by the Globe and Mail's fantasy endorsement of a Conservative victory somehow resulting in Stephen Harper's resignation. I was very unhappy at Postmedia requiring its editorial staff to compose pro-Harper editorials as if it were each paper's own view and its suppression of dissenting articles.

Journalism is important. Those actions undermined the credibility and, in the Postmedia case, independence of the papers involved, which could be reflected in declining readership, thus directly undermining the institution of journalism.
I'm entirely fine with partisan editorials. It's clear that they are an editorial and that they are one person's opinion. Running ads on the front of your paper, or dictating the stance reporters and editors should take on _any_ issue is not transparent and blurs the line between opinion and factual reporting.

If publishers want to get their views out through their paper, they can write a column and label it as such.

I have long been aware that the political endorsement is the prerogative of the newspapers' owners. So, I have been accepting of the fact the endorsements may run counter to the editorial trends of the individual papers and prevailing public opinion. 


That stated, when the *Globe and Mail* released their convoluted, fantasy-based endorsement this year, something broke for me. Had they said "we support the CPC but have reservations," I would not have been affected. However, by coming out with a recommendation that was based on a hypothetical situation that could not come to pass, my previous respect for the credibility of the Globe was ruined. Their pathetic attempt at defending that endorsement on Facebook just made it worse. 


I browse this sub on mobile so I don't know the source when I click a link. Now, when I click a link and it is the Globe, I find I am a little disappointed. It is a gut reaction, not rational, so I remind myself that the columnists and journalists are still as strong but, nonetheless, they have been tainted for me.  
I wonder how much this has to do with the CBC?  it was very clear that a vote for the Liberals was a vote for a stronger CBC, which is directly in competition with private news sources.
So are we all pretending that a full cover-page ad containing a threatening phrase against the Liberal and NDP parties is somehow an editorial?
I don't mind the endorsements from newspapers, they have a right to do so- but what bothered me this particular year was an ad that mimicked Elections Canada colours and font. I personally think that is stepping over the line, and should be prevented from happening again.
While I don't condone media endorsing particular parties during an election, I recognize their right to do so.  There's so many information outlets now, nobody is beholden to one or a few concentrated media sources or newspapers.  If you don't like the bias a certain media source has (real or perceived), just move on to the next source.   
Why should newspapers have to reflect public opinion? I read news from producers that have intriguing points of view, not those who pander.
You know, that's a pretty shallow take. Endorsements aren't really important. How stories are reported, day in and day out, which stories make it to the front page, how they're framed - that's what's actually important. And I think that the Liberals had a virtual free ride from the media in this election - their rivals' promises were harshly scrutinized while the Liberal platform and its assumptions were pretty much accepted at face value, and reporting on polling served the Liberal narrative (compare and contrast reporting on the third-place Liberals - scrappy underdogs, down but not out - versus that on the third-place NDP - doomed losers, no hope).

Part of that is the Liberal machine's skill at playing the journalistic establishment - fair's fair, the Conservatives had pretty well earned the media's ire, and the New Democrats have never enjoyed as cozy a relationship with major media outlets as their competitors. But Canadian journalists may want to give some thought to how they can avoid getting suckered again.

edit: your downvotes sustain me, Liberals, please keep 'em coming
All media was "in the tank" for one party or another. The most egregious were the ones who are known to play the populist card, like Sun Media, NOW Magazine or Vice. It's the nature of the beast.

Finding a true centrist, unbiased news source in this country is practically impossible.

The Globe is probably more centrist, although they were doing the wishful thinking with their editorial.
I find endorsements and opinion columns less concerning than biased news coverage. I think HuffPo is the worst for that.

Also, this article linked to a /r/Canada thread as evidence of a "boycott" of Postmedia.
I'm really looking forward to seeing how this system is going to be implemented in Canada. I personally hope it simply mirrors our approach to alcohol with maybe a few improvements. Each province can decide how to tax, distribute, and set age limits.  There'll be a few big corporations like the beer companies and hundreds of smaller providers like vineyards and microbreweries. All citizens of age are entitled to produce their own but they cannot sell it without obtaining a license to do so. The medical products of marijuana can be handled by the pharmaceutical research side of the economy just like with the rest of our medicine. 
Well, they will.

We won't be nominally decriminalizing, or regionally legalizing at one level of government, while continuing trafficking and production enforcement.  

We would be the first country in the world to fully legalize a drug prohibited by the Convention on Psychotropic Substances.  I don't think it would be too hyperbolic to say that it may even represent the first crack in the structure enforcing the global concord on drug prohibition that has been in place for more than 50 years.  

It's uncharted territory, legally, socially, politically and economically.
I wonder where legal supply is going to come from. It would take at least 3 months for anything to legally be grown. Maybe there could be some sort of weed amnesty for illegal growers for the first 6 months or so, after legalization.
&gt;a task force to consult with legal authorities, public safety officials and Health Canada scientists

I wish we would see some input from Social Science type people on these things. Even a creative economist could be a tremendous help. 
Good, this is a non-issue. This involved so few people and the identity of those it does involve is indeed checked. Many people don't personally like this clothing item, myself included (though that being said, I pretty much dislike most overt religious clothing items). But my personal beliefs don't have the right to infringe on the rights of others. Government had no business trying to create an uproar. 
What a manufactured non-issue. As if this is actually a common occurrence. I look forward to it being relegated to the dustbin.
The Left wins again!

This issue was a prime point and became a central effort of the Harper government, namely to rally conservative troops to the voting booth on the basis that the niqab is "un-Canadian".

The Left, who has long viewed diversity as a desired quality of a good society, and who considers homogeneous values (social, religious, economic) as an anathema, fought the last election on this point.  They prevailed, and the niqab is therefore now Canadian, rather than un-Canadian.

That is, the Left won.  Again.  QED

[Edited to make substantive]
I personally disagree with this going through, I don't really think that anyone should be able to completely cover their identity.
Disgusting artifact of a stone age culture, that had no relation to any religious texts.

But again this was never about a outright ban in public was a about a soon to be citizen standing in plain view for all Canadians to see.
To be honest, I think this is a valid question. 

Personally, I don't think we should screen out refugees based on gender or religion.  

I understand that men are considered higher risk; however, certain religions may be considered higher risk as well.  
Have any NGOs toed the Mulcair line and taken the position that we shouldn't screen refugees based on gender? For all the things said about refugees, namely, how they are not a real danger in the terrorist fight, where is the uproar over excluding certain muslims based on a charter-protected characteristic? 

Edit: Officer /u/r_a_g_s
One the surface it may be about 'appeasing risk'. It sounds like this is more about appeasing general public fears. It's a little silly I think.
I would say that Canada is no more justified in screening by gender than by religion.

Not only is it discriminatory to bar entry to some refugees simply because they're men, it's also counterproductive. ISIS wants as many people to stay in Syria, etc, as possible so they have a population base for their new "state", and they'd love to sow discord among westerners against Muslims, because nothing drives up recruiting and radicalization better than making sure people still feel marginalized and targeted. Can you imagine how happy they'd be if more countries made a concerted effort to send single, disenfranchised, fighting-age men back to Syria with an even bigger chip on their shoulder than they had when they left? We'd practically be doing ISIS's recruiting for them!
The screening with no single males is for this initial round of refugees.  It's a one shot deal under the circumstances to deal with the humanitarian crisis.  Tough choices needed to be made and, politically, it's easier to get support around families, women and children, than single young adult males.
Canada is not justified in screening based on gender. Gender is a primary characteristic. Some would debate this, but we can't choose our gender; it is biologically determined. 

It is justified to screen adults based on religion. Religion is an ideology and we can choose to abandon it any time we want, as the many non-religious and atheists demonstrate every day.

Edit: You guys are really misunderstanding where I am coming from. Either liberals centrists deal with this problem now, or down the road voters will be choosing parties that will; like the National Front that is gaining ground in France. We can sit here and debate this bullshit all day, but it is not Islam that is the threat to liberal democracy, it is the far right reaction to it. 
&gt; Canada would also be justified in limiting its pool of refugees to only those of Christian background, considering that Muslim refugees belong to a group that has been shown to pose the higher security threat.

Is that statement backed up by facts, or is it just prejudice?

I ask this because there is **so** much Islamophobia, so much ignorance about Islam and Muslims, floating around in the world.  So many times when someone says something like this, it has no basis in fact, it's based solely on a stereotype that "All Muslims want a jihad/holy war to take over the world" or something equally stupid.

As far as I can tell, Christians are just as likely to be warmongers and terrorists as Muslims, and if you go back far enough in history, I'd say the Christians outstripped the Muslims in those categories.

Remember, just because the media didn't call Timothy McVeigh or Wade Michael Page or Scott Roeder or Paul Jennings Hill or Eric Rudolph or James Charles Kopp or Robert Matthews or Jerad and Amanda Miller or Dylann Roof or Anders Breivik "extremist Christian terrorists" doesn't mean that they are not indeed "extremist Christian terrorists".  At least in the US, since September 12, 2001, non-Muslim terrorists have killed more people than Muslim terrorists have (by a factor of almost 2:1, IIRC).

So, Robyn Urback, tell me what evidence you have to back your suggestion.  And if all you have are anecdotes and stereotypes, then stop making suggestions based on such sandy foundations in print.
Its hard to no be dominated by fear and nurtured racism from my experiences but i find comfort in this decision, at least for now. I do not believe they are dividing families just pursuing ones already left in this hard situation. In this way the ones hardest hit are seen to first. The world they live in could almost be impossible in these circumstances so at last we are there for them. 
This decision only applies to the 25,000 immediate refugee group and only applies to single "fighting age males". Single men will have to go through a security screening process that won't allow them to get here on the timeline earmarked for this group of 25,000. I believe it is a prudent precaution.

I feel like this article is dodging a large issue at hand. Gay Men, Women, and Childeren, have the greatest degree of humans rights violations in areas like Syria, do they not? 

Gay men can be stoned to death. 

I know Saudi women can be charged with adultery for being raped, I don't know if that is also true in Syria. 

These demographics are equally at play as Canada sets their own policies, aiming not only to keep our country secure, but also to give high-priority to those at higher risk? 


As an aside, I always thought that if anything, traditional female muslim garb is a massive security threat. Muslim-Canadian women I have met equally have held the opinion that it makes smuggling easy ; nobody knows what's hiding under that clothing. 

I'm aware that the discussion I'm bringing up is a difficult one. I mean, obviously I agree that the refugee's have rights, and demanding say full body searches would be an invasion of privacy, but then how do you verify the secuirty of our nation in the mean time? Syrian Men aren't likely to be able to hide weapons, bombs, etc as easily. The article we are discussing makes one reference to a female bomber, which I feel validates my point for discussion. 
It is a compromise between helping and ensuring our safety. Fairly certain the charter says exceptions are allowed, and this entire situation is definitely exceptional.
Because you can lie about your religion when you can't lie about your gender?
I thought this was more about prioritizing families and the most vulnerable (children, women, gay men) because *they need our help most* than about screening out security threats. 
They aren't screening based on gender alone, but marital status + gender, and sometimes sexual orientation.
It's not. Check the Charter. [Discrimination by gender is expressly forbidden.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Section_Fifteen_of_the_Canadian_Charter_of_Rights_and_Freedoms)
I'll say this for those defending Lukiwski: Several of you have already brought up his 1991 video, which also features a young Brad Wall, and the comments he made towards homosexuals.

As part of his 'apology' for those comments, Lukiwski said ["I will spend the rest of my career and my life trying to make up for those shameful comments."](http://www.parl.gc.ca/HousePublications/Publication.aspx?DocId=3389917&amp;Language=E&amp;Mode=1&amp;Parl=39&amp;Ses=2#SOBQ-2397964).

And yet, Lukiwski has ignored pretty much any LGBT group that has reached out; [even skipped the pride parade, and ignoring an invitation to attend, just months after his apology.](http://www.investorvillage.com/mbthread.asp?mb=6966&amp;tid=4897448&amp;showall=1)

Given his past behaviour, and his colour commentary in the past, there's no way he said or meant to say Horde here.
Ok, so his explanation doesn't grammatically make much sense, or functionally in the context of what he was talking about, but sure, maybe it's plausible...

&gt;This is not the first time Lukiwski has found himself in hot water over comments caught on camera. In 2008, a video shot in 1991 surfaced that showed Lukiwski, then a political organizer for the Progressive Conservative Party, addressing an unknown camera operator saying, “There’s A’s and there’s B’s. The A’s are guys like me, the B’s are homosexual faggots with dirt on their fingernails that transmit diseases,” Lukiwski says in that video.

... Until I got to that part. 
Horde is a collective noun, that would refer to a collection of people.  After clearly saying "an NDP whore", he further refers to a (single) "bad boundary", referring to a single riding, hence to the single NDP candidate (not a "horde") running in that riding.﻿
I hear whore but the lack of reaction from those around him seems like it might have been horde. Given the lack of clarity for many it seems like nothing is going to happen.
I'm all for holding politicians to account for the dumb things they say, but it sounds like he said "NDP horde"  rather than "NDP whore" to me.

It just doesn't make sense to me that someone who's been an MP for more than 11 years would be so casual about saying something so clearly controversial like calling an opponent a "whore" right in front of a reporter who he knows is recording his speech.
Watching the video and paying attention to how he's speaking - fairly clearly and professionally - and considering that he's speaking to a wide range of people in a more-or-less formal environment, I can't imagine he'd so casually toss out "whore" without even flinching or smiling or wink-wink-nudge-nudging.

Yes, he has history saying inappropriate things, but so do I. So do you. But I'm older and more learned now and I would never say those things again.

I have to give him the benefit of the doubt here. If he was speaking, for example, to a small group at a men's club or something and someone was secretly filming it, I would be much more inclined to think he said "whore".
Mr. Lukiwski, I was born at night, but not last night. 
Hey at least he didn't pee in someone's coffee cup

Edit: Apparently he meant to say horde, makes sense sounds quite similar I'm willing to give him the benefit of the doubt 
This article has a bunch of videos, but I can't see the one where he's saying the word. Does anybody have it? The closest I've been able to find is [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ki4ljFruGAg).
I give him the benefit of the doubt. No experience MP who was in a similar controversy before would call another politician a whore in a public speech like that, probably knowing it was recorded. 
People are aware of the offensive things in his past so they want him to be guilty of the same thing again.

Also, you are all being primed to hear the word "whore" before you watch any videos and this totally biases what you think you hear because they're searching for it.

As much as I don't care to defend this individual, I do not believe he's going on camera after being in politics for 25+ years and start using slurs (he has private video recordings he can do that in).
If they want to be able to pay for everything else, I think their first priority should be legalizing marijuana so they can tax the hell out of it.
This updated PBO report paints a dim picture for Canada.  It's nothing dire, but it makes it much harder for the Liberals to stick to their promises of deficits under 10 bill. 

 The only saving grace they have is the timing.  It's clear this is a situation 'inherited' from the Harper government, and it's still early enough in the honeymoon period that Trudeau's very high polling will take the edge off of changing expectations.  

Still, this report brings us yearly deficits right to the next election in 2019.  The Liberals will not want to be painted as the deficit party, regardless of what situation they were left with.  
This should come as no surprise to anyone.  The CPC put Canada into a structural deficit 10 years ago when they reduced the GST.  Add a global economic crisis just after you do this and you have at least 20 years of struggling to properly get back to a balanced situation.

The only saving grace in this is the Liberals will air out exactly how our budget was 'balanced' last year and we can at least start from a baseline of... truth?  I am not saying the CPC out and out lied about what the situation really was, but they appear to have gone to great lengths to paint a positive economic picture.

I don't understand why Canadians are so deficit adverse. If we run deficits equal to nominal economic growth, the debt will keep pace with our ability to pay off debt. Look at the US. They ran deficits every year since WWI I except one in the 60s and during the late 90s, but their debt to GDP ratio fell each year to the 80s.
I wouldn't be surprised if they had to raise the GST back up to where it was. It shouldn't have been lowered anyway.
To me this is the most damning part of the report (2.6. The structural budgetary balance).

&gt;PBO estimates that the structural budgetary balance will decline from a surplus of $7.6 billion in 2015-16 to a structural deficit of $3.4 billion in 2020-21 (Table 2-7)

It shows the government is tabled to be in structural deficit. Our revenues aren't high enough to account for our expenses. To me this is the real crux.
So which programs do /r/canadapolitics think will be cut in the face of this adjusted deficit?
Why am I not surprised, given that almost every economist was saying that we were in deep doo-doo, regardless of what Oliver was saying? Guess that 1% reduction in the GST all those years ago didn't help matters, either.
You know, what I find the most funny about all of this talk of Canada just narrowly missing balancing the budget, is that if the Conservatives had only decided to not sue anything and everything under the sun, and held off on one of their scandals, they would likely have had that 3.7 Billion dollars they needed; and thus would have had a better time trying to push their "We're the best for the economy" angle during the election campaign.
You can blame a bad economy on the previous government, but not deficits. Nor can you blame oil prices on the Tories. Deficits are a spending vs revenue *choice.* Make some choices regarding spending and taxes and the deficit disappears.
A tale as old as time. Conservatives leave office bragging about their surplus or balanced budget or even a modest deficit and it's always a lie or a trick or a "mistake" and the next party gets stuck with the blame. 
Hey,

That's the OLP playbook under Gerald Butts, sets the groundwork for breaking all their promises.

The more they change ...
I don't understand. Do the candidate parties not have access to the country's financial information prior to being elected? Like why is this news now instead of before the election? 
What a dysfunctional mess. How does anyone expect to get anything done when everyone is at cross purposes?
I thought the open display of partisanship on PM Trudeau's first visit to Foreign Affairs was inappropriate but if anything this is worse. The civil service lobbying a foreign government to push our government into changing its policies/funding priorities is way out of line. Those are political decisions and need to be made by politicians not unelected bureaucrats.

The more we hear about civil service's actions the more I am starting to think the Tories may have be justified in their mistrust of the civil service.

Edit: Way to bury the lede, civil service lobbies foreign government to pressure Harper is of much greater importance than civil service dislikes Tories.
&gt; "I was a little astonished at how openly the career folks at the foreign and assistance ministries disliked their new political masters"

So much for the non-partisan civil service.
So the past Conservative government couldn't manage our own public service? Administrative/executive competence is important in our system - the public service is too important and involved to make enemies of.
Is there any chance we aren't going to get locked into this?
That can be taken a couple ways.  From the rest of her comments it doesn't sound like TPP is a rush to ratify.  Either to wait until the public cares less or to see what the US does.  Seems like they will take their time signing it too.

I'm really hoping we don't ratify this. Not without doing some serious hand-wringing over the internet/IP section at least.
I'll repeat my little prognostication on TPP for Canada that I sometimes trot out when it pops up: I believe Trudeau will do everything he can to ensure the promised 'consultations' with Canadians will drag on past the US election cycle. Given the main Democratic candidates - and a few Republican ones - have said they will kill TPP Trudeau won't risk bringing TPP to parliament until the US picture is clear. If Clinton, Sanders, or (shudder) Trump actually follow through on their rhetoric and kill off TPP then Trudeau doesn't need to risk the backlash of whichever side he would disappoint with a decision to ratify it or keep Canada out of it.

Worst-case scenario for Trudeau if the US does ratify it is he winds up right back where he started - having to make the decision himself.
Anybody who thinks that Hillary Clinton will kill the TPP is dreaming. Hillary is even more pro-establishment than Obama. She has been shown to be a giant flip flopper, one minute TPP is the gold standard then it is terrible. 

She will pass the TPP if it even gets to her. Obama and the republicans who hate everything he does but love the TPP (I wonder why) will pass it in the House and Senate and he will sign it.

This is a done deal folks. It will cost Canada millions and maybe billions when it comes to changing are copyright laws. Hopefully, the new tariff-free movement of goods with East Asia will compensate for that. 
I'm not convinced that giving money to developing countries is the best route if we are trying to reduce emissions and the effects of climate change. 

My non-expert view is that we should spend this money at home to develop emission reducing technology and then spread those advances to the world. I think the government should aggressively support tech like CANDU reactors and other nuclear options as they appear to be the best solution for drastically reducing greenhouse gas production over the short tem.

They're not perfect, they still produce waste products and aren't technically renewable, but they will only get better with time and effort.

The main point being that I believe we should invest in ourselves and then strive for our accomplishments to benefit the rest of the world.
A doubling of our previous commitments, yet still lower than many other countries. This funding will be vital for helping reduce carbon emissions.  Developing nations have always been at a disadvantage in this fight.  They tend to be the ones hit the hardest by CC and they can't afford to make the necessary changes to reduce emissions. 

 It's much easier to help them change than to tell them to change.  More time efficient too.  Hopefully this will be money well spent.
Seriously though.. why? Isn't our economy in the gutter right now?
Additionally, if you're going to help a developing nation, reducing their carbon emissions is not the best way to start IMO. Why not start by helping them educate themselves, or better equip them to help themselves?

Feel free to bring on the downvotes for asking a question or having my own opinion!
Is there a list of countries that qualify or a working definition of "developing nation"?  This will be huge for Canadian wind and solar companies who want to sell into those markets. 
One of the most efficient ways we have of reducing green house gas emissions is by supporting the development of green energy sources in less developed nations. Good use of Canadian dollars.

Green house gas emissions affect us all no matter which country emits them.
Surely these resources could be better spent elsewhere.  Aren't "developed" nations a bigger source of carbon emissions anyways?  Who would qualify for this money?

One of the biggest polluters is China.  Does it makes sense for Canada to give China $2.6 billion?
Actually this is a brilliant way to stimulate the economy. I remember past government initiatives to spend us out of recession were really just throwing money away. I hope some real good comes from this and it will be nice when the economy picks up again because of it.
Before anyone does not read beyond the title and enquires where the evidence that this was racially motivated is: 

&gt;Two men approached the woman and started hurling anti-Islamic and racist profanities at her.

&gt;Police said the men started calling the woman a “terrorist” and said “go back to your country.”

&gt;One of the men started punching the woman in the stomach and a second man ripped off her hijab during the assault.

&gt;...Police are searching for two suspects and described them as white men.

Islamophobia/racism is not an abstract, philosophical problem. It is real, concrete and it physically harms people. The way things have been going the last couple months, and especially the last couple days, someone's going to get killed by this bullshit. It is incumbent on everyone, white black brown and purple, to stand up for values I considered uncontroversial in our society as of a year ago. 
Way to go guys, spread the hate. 

I'm sure those kids seeing their mother assaulted in front of them won't breed any hate towards white people and make them wonder if ISIS is right. Which, you know, is exactly what ISIS wants. For you to spread the hate. So, I guess you're helping ISIS! 

Ugh. Honestly, I have no way to express my disgust other than with sarcasm. This is so disgraceful and I'm embarrassed for our country.  This is not helpful in extinguishing ISIS, and I just, seriously, do not understand this type of behaviour. Everyone is scared, violence is not the answer. 
I hope the police have more to go on for the attackers than what they say in the article, and I hope these idiots are caught soon. What a nightmare for that poor woman.
With actions like this, the reality of refugees coming to Canada isn't that they'll hurt us, but that we'll be more likely to hurt them. 
&gt;Two men approached the woman and started hurling anti-Islamic and racist profanities at her.

&gt;Police said the men started calling the woman a “terrorist” and said “go back to your country.”

&gt;One of the men started punching the woman in the stomach and a second man ripped off her hijab during the assault.

Surely we have to give these upstanding gentlemen the benefit of the doubt as to their motives. We're not mind readers, after all; who can *really* know what their intent was? Why, it would be downright uncharitable to not assume their good faith. Until extensive evidence to the contrary is produced to the satisfaction of all sceptics, I think we have to be scrupulously fair, and consider the possibility that their words are completely coincidental and unrelated to the physical assault. I mean, it's very disrespectful (and potentially *very* damaging to their reputation!) to allege that someone is a racist, just because they've screamed racist profanities at a person of colour while punching them, don't you think?

Or, alternatively, in the real world: take this seriously as an increasing problem of violent racism in Canada, the third in three days. This shit is getting scary, and the special pleading and excuses - trying to find literally any explanation for attacks on Muslims and people mistaken for Muslims, other than the most obvious - are getting old.
We've had similar issues in Quebec around the time of the last provincial elections. 
the disturbing amount of removed comments in this thread should be a canary in the coal mine to those not aware of the growing racism in Canada. The deflection, rationalization, victim blaming and trivialization of xenophobia is sounding increasingly American.

 I hope the "sunny ways effect" of the Liberals will start reversing that trend, we're entering dangerous territory otherwise...

edit: spelling
These cowardly, hateful morons always attack the women, don't they? And to do it in front of her children... I just have no words to adequately express my utter disdain for an individual who would do this.

As much as I hate to sound like I'm hoping for a violent, racially motivated attack; I can't fucking wait until one of these despicable people chooses to pick a fight with a man (or woman) who ends up kicking their asses. Bonus schadenfreude points if it's caught on video.
The irony is that its not this woman who is like the terrorists, its these two scumbags. People who refuse to embrace the diversity and complexity of the word, who think in black and white, us vs them, and who are ready and willing to attack those who can't defend themselves. Its people like these cowards, not this woman, who join up with groups like Daesh. I have no doubt they'd be prime targets for recruitment had the sad accidents of their births handed them a different life.

When I read this the first time, one of my first thoughts was "holy fuck please let her be okay". Then I thought "god I hope she was not pregnant". Punching a woman with small children in the stomach so badly she has to go to the hospital. What. The. Fuck.

If, by chance, she were in the early/mid stages of a pregnancy there would be a good chance she would go to the hospital with stomach pains, miscarry, and then understandably keep her privacy to herself when speaking to the media.

Obviously, there's no evidence or testimony to imply that she was in fact pregnant or miscarried, but whoever performed these hate crimes was so barbaric they did not even think or care about this possibility when punching a woman of childbearing age in the stomach.

Then I realized this all took place in front of her children. This is horrific and clearly traumatizing.

Does anyone know of anything people have done to reach out to the family on behalf of Canadians to apologize? Like with the mosque that was lit on fire?
Why did no one help her?! Surely there must have been people around if she was picking up her kid from a school. She was also screaming so if no one saw her, someone must have heard her, at least.

This is a horrible incident, without doubt, but it would be scarier if people just let stuff like this happen and turn a blind eye to it. If you see anyone, be it Muslim, Christian or Jew, being assaulted, it is your duty to help them, in any way you can.

These two assholes need to be shipped off to Syria so they can fight someone with a similar conscience. 
What drives me nuts is this is what ISIS wants. They want death and misery for all Muslims who do not join so that their only alternative is to join. They believe they are the first true caliphate in many centuries and all Muslims must swear fealty or die. Every drop of racism and every refugee we refuse are Canadians doing ISIS' job for them.
As well as tracking down these two individuals and dealing directly with them we should not forget to look for root causes of their behaviours.
Never forget the political parties who've "legitimized" xenophobia PQ, BQ and the CPC, and punish them for it. Those groups produced the fuel and the attack in Paris was the spark that ignited it.
I hope she is ok and that their friends and neighbours can lend some help if needed.
&gt;Veerender Jubbal @Veeren_Jubbal

&gt;Learn the difference between me being a Sikh, and a Muslim.

&gt;Cry in mug, while I use your tears to water my garden.

&gt;I am valuable, and rad.

This guy has a way with words.
I know this is a bit off topic but that"s a great bathrrom eletrical outlet idea.  Going to have to look into that for a remodel.   

On topic this is unfortunately what media has become.  Asking forgivness instead of fact checking is the norm i n our 24 hour news for profit system.  Hopefully this guy comes to no harm.
That is disgraceful reporting from La Razon. Imagine how your life would be impacted from being associated with the Paris attackers...

&gt; The image was actually a selfie taken by Jubbal in 2014. The iPad he used to take the photo was altered to look like a Qur'an, and a suicide bomb vest was added to his shirt. An object that resembles a sex toy was added to the background of the image as well.

Alright, I laughed. Where the hell did they get that picture? /r/photoshopbattles?
I didn't know qurans can be used as cameras. 
A message to the mods: Please don't let this become a vector for a flamewar over GamerGate.
'Man uses Quran to take selfie in mirror'
I mean... It's not even well-photoshopped.  What editor saw that picture and didn't immediately giggle? 
It's sad enough this happened, but it's sadder than none of the *news* organizations could tell such an obviously photoshopped picture was fake. 

But I mean, idk, maybe Qurans that also work as cameras are a thing now. 
Ouch.  It's not like predictions aren't subject to flaw, especially with 3-4 years to account for.  Still, not a good start.  
These numbers are based on the CPC budget, and do not include any of the Liberal campaign promises. Something tells me we're going to be going beyond "modest $10 billion deficits".

I would also like to note that the PBO agrees with the previous government that the 2015-2016 fiscal budget is projecting a small surplus. With the added certainty from the PBO numbers I think we can see much more clearly that the reasons for the Liberal deficit forecast in 2015-2016 are more political than realistic.
Morneau had better explain this discrepancy quickly, and I seriously hope he has a more substantial explanation than the typical 'we disagree with the PBO's forecasts'.
Interesting that the PBO agrees with the meagre surplus toted by the CPC. 

I'm only going by the gut here but on the surface the PBO numbers look more believable than Finance Canada's. Finance Canada's projections look almost too picture-perfect. I'll be curious to see what the Government has to say about the disparity. 
They're off by less than 1- 4 billion and none of the deficits are worse than 10 billion.

I wouldn't use the phrase 'way off.'
*Meet the new boss, Same as the old boss*
&gt;The Who 1971

Same financial shenanigans as usual regardless of who's running the show.

At least with all the committees, studies, and coast to coast tours to "Talk to Canadians" a lot of the Liberal platform promises will take years to be half or never implemented and will cost 10x as much as estimated.

And create a ton of juicy appointments/jobs in Ottawa for friends of the Liberal Party and unionized civil service to undertake all this consultation.
Do we know if the LPC is factoring estimates of potential revenue from legal cannabis in their calculations? 

It seems like something that could make a big difference, but is also very hard to predict accurately. 
Maybe want to stop making all those foreign aid promises... with a budget like this?
That is one fine piece of Canadiana.  Magnificent work of art imho.  The cup of Timmy's on a platter just pushes it over the top and makes it overwhelmingly awesome.
I remember people criticizing it at the time saying it wasn't art.

Well, when it's provoking people to discuss and think, hard enough to come up with ...

&gt; “The artist has done such an excellent job telling a story of 10-years of history in just one still moment,” Ghahramani said. “Surrounded by headless ministers (unable to speak), our poor prime minister who came into power promising transparency and delivering the opposite, is laid bare — fully transparent at last.”

... that sort of argument starts to fall flat, no?  Truly a masterpiece.
I hope it's possible to get a print eventually 
This is a fantastic painting of an airport!
Killing online comments is a growing trend. At this point I think it's save to say the experiment in reader feedback via commenting has failed. Let's pull the plug and reserve comments for other platforms like reddit, Facebook, etc...
They should just cut if off site wide. I'va rarely read a pertinent comment on the CBC website, or any new site for that matter, La Presse and Radio-Canada being notable examples for some reason. 
Well now. I'm not really sure how to feel about this!
There's a middle ground between comments and no-comments that I wish more news outlets would explore: commenting available to subscribers only, using a system lifted straight from reddit.
I think online comments do add value, even if they require moderation. I hope that the CBC doesn't decide to eliminate them altogether. 
This is a good way to open a dialogue about racism in Canada that still exists, but is alot more subtle than Canadians realize or want to admit
Funny how they won't review their guidelines when it comes to what could be chaulked up as online racism in their comment section on the part of Anglophone Canadians towards Francophone Canadians, and racism on the part of Francophone Canadians towards Anglophone Canadians.

It's vile hatred being spewed from the mouths of the few most vocal people.  Despite it being a minority, it's completely unacceptable, and both CBC &amp; Radio-Canada seem to just let it slide.   

In this regard, shame on both Rad-Can &amp; CBC (it's unfortunate, because they're letting a bad thing spoil an otherwise good Corporation).

Recent examples which are indicative of what I mean (terrible, terrible comments full of hate and bigotry which curl your blood)...

(And to put it in context... in your mind, when you're reading them, replace the words "Anglophone/Anglais" or "Francophone/français" with the word "Indigenous", and the names of a province with the name of a reserve.   Then see if you feel the comments would be acceptable in any other circumstance).

In English:  http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/edmonton/supreme-court-rules-albertans-have-no-right-to-traffic-tickets-written-in-french-1.3327796

In French:  http://ici.radio-canada.ca/regions/alberta/2015/11/20/004-cause-caron-boutet-decision-cour-supreme-alberta-saskatchewan-unilingue-anglophone.shtml

There's the double-standard at the CBC &amp; Radio-Canada.
Most of the comments I've read are about censoring comments. Nobody seems too embarrassed about the fact that every time cbc does a story on an indigenous person, their comment board gets loaded up with racism. Smh guys
Well they allow their female host of the indigenous show on CBC radio to espouse incredibly racist stuff.

She won't marry or be involved with a man who won't get DNA tested and carries at least 75% aboriginal blood, and he has to be full treaty.

Hey hey, remember those white supremacists, they are demonized for saying the white version...

She also blames her white mom for her fathers band for driving him to suicide, and for her mother leaving the reserve after being harassed and attacked, so she had to grow up away from her culture. Such a horrible mother giving her a good and safe life... *shake my head*

I have to turn off the radio when she comes on because it's almost always that kind of drivel, trying to make ever into those evil non-aboriginal's we are so much better. She was railing right after turning guys down whose blood wasn't 'pure enough', about how racist it is that a gay aboriginal man was getting turned down by non-aboriginals...

But I guess that's not racism somehow...

I will say though the amount of nasty stuff that is said in those comments is pretty bad. It's like any forum, if a thread gets too out of control, it gets locked, and if the topic tends to start fires, the threads are auto locked.

I just hope the CBC starts cracking down equally, because racism from anyone is ugly and those spouting it are ugly people themselves and they shouldn't be given a public podium to shout it from, because that gives it legitimacy.
I was on YouTube a while back and this girl had posted a video that was in my "recommended" category. I was looking for a how-to on a complicated recipe and she had used similar keywords. Anyway, it was fine -- an 11 year old made a video for 11 year olds. The comments? Some guy writes: "I hope you die you F*** C***!!!" I mean.... really? Is this how low we go?

I've found comments on the CBC to generally be among the worst. So vile. 
Always sad to see when censorship is the better option than free speech. Also sad to see racism in Canada rear its ugly head and show us how far we aren't. 
This system is designed to create compromise, hence why parties use it for selecting their  leadership. It is designed to placate warring factions within a party, it is after all how we ended up with the winners and acclaimed leaders Ed Stelmach and Stephan Dion. If we went with a IRV we're almost guaranteed to have another liberal majority in 2019. Since parties would be forced to reorganize.

What does that mean for Canada? One, the right wing would almost certainly split and the PC faction would go back to its red Tory type rhetoric and a new social con party would form on the right. These two parties would probably form a close coalition. The liberals on the other hand don't have such a luxury. They'd be forced to try and form a coalition with the ndp. This is doable but obviously they have less control of the party. Many years from now you may see PC lib coalitions forming. As for the ndp and the new social con parties, and I suppose the bloc (whom it could be actually very good for for soft separatist votes as they're the second choice of many Quebecers) these parties will almost certainly never govern but likely play kingmaker. 

In terms of outcome of policy it's unlikely to be a huge shift. PC reform coalition will act like the CPC, PC liberal will act like Paul Martin, liberal ndp will act like Trudeau sr. If you want different policy you have to attack confidence motions and parliamentary procedure rather than the electoral system. 

Electoral system tends to shake up parties yes, but policy and bill types tend to be the same. Across all systems in any western country.
PR is just a vastly superior system that's more democratic and more representative. IRV just has too many flaws and inherently benefits the Liberals too much. 
It's a less unfair system, but the only perfectly fair system that allows people to truly vote their conscience is proportional. I don't know why we'd pay any mind to other systems but for strategic reasons. 
It's impossible to say for sure that any party would benefit from a preferential ballot. The political landscape would change too much.

The Green Party are the most pronounced example. Currently, voting for Green is throwing your vote away in almost every riding. Applying game theory to it, a Green Party supporter's most advantageous vote would be whichever one supports a higher chance of voting reform. 

Under proportional, not only would the Greens receive a share of seats in line with their share of the popular vote, but we couldn't even guess what their final tally would be because all of a sudden they would become a viable choice. There are probably loads of people who would vote Green if it wasn't a complete waste.

Ranked, the Green vote also changes a lot for the better. They're probably a "second-favourite" to a lot of people who otherwise wouldn't waste a vote on them. They are probably also a "first-favourite" to many that don't want their vote thrown away. Under ranked, you've got nothing to lose by ranking Green 1. Best case, other people feel the same way and they win. Worst case, you've made your preference known while also contributing to the selection of the eventual winner. Right now, the only impact green voters have on the outcome is that they contribute to vote-splitting.

The most common reason people seem to be giving against electoral reform is that is biases toward the Liberals, but that's actually impossible to truly say. Electoral reform is almost certainly going to result in a "more accurate" representation of what voters want. No tyranny of the majority, parties are going to have to reflect our interests to get our votes, now that every vote really will count in some way.
&gt; Based on this analysis, the Liberals would have seen their seat total balloon from 184 to 224 seats, a gain of 40 seats over their actual performance. The Conservatives' seat total would have slid to 61 from 99, a drop of 38 seats, while the New Democrats would have been boosted slightly to 50 seats from 44. The Greens would not have increased their tally, while the Bloc would have dropped to two seats from 10.

This is electoral "reform" in the wrong direction. 
I do largely agree with this sentiment. But if they do move this way I hope they at least bring back the per-vote-subsidy based on everyone's first choice. IRV would allow people to vote for the greens, or other smaller parties, without throwing their vote away. However, without some compensation for the # of first place votes, I agree this will primarily benefit the liberals in the near term.
Preferential balloting can give underdogs the win -- that's how Stephen Dion and Joe Clarke won the leadership contests for their parties.
The Tory campaign in 2015, towards the end especially was about saving the furniture and holding the base. They certainly seemed to hold the base, at least, but as others have said, I doubt they would have ran this type of campaign under preferential. Parties can no longer run on just winning 35%, or completely forget about entire swaths of the electorate as they will need them for second choice votes. I don't think this precludes wins by the NDP or Conservatives though, usually their best campaigns are when they engage non traditional voters anyway.
I hate when they try to predict how the election would have turned out in a different system. Especially in this last election with a strong Anti-Harper vote, people would have voted *very* differently if it had been a ranked ballot.
If you change the game, then you change how the game is played. Assuming that everyone will pick the Liberals forever as a second choice is not going to work. 
I doubt this will happen anyway, as it is such a raw power play that any non-Liberal will stop it. This is where Harper's Senate will come in.
&gt;And they do better than the Conservatives in one-on-one battles with the Liberals, losing about 61 per cent of those races to the Liberals instead of the Conservatives' loss rate of 88 per cent in Tory-Liberal races.

Interesting note by Mr. Grenier. 
One key point Grenier made was certainly true: preferential ballots would indeed shift parties closer to the political center, which would leave the divisive extremes out on the fringe.

Also, it's important to note that, constitutionally, the riding system is very hard to avoid. Because of laws that guarantee the amount of representation each of the provinces is entitled to have, true PR can't possibly work in Canada. It would have to be regionally modified at best, or not exist at all.
If it had been a preferential ballot, then there would be fewer first preference votes for the Liberals, since voters know that they can make a smaller, less popular party their first couple choices while still giving their vote to the Liberal candidate if he's the best ABC option. 

I think using FPTP election results and polls of second preferences to extrapolate election outcomes is nonsensical for the above reason.
&gt; OPSEU represents all non-management employees at the LCBO.

And there is the real reason.
How do we not let this happen? It would mean there would be zero competition in the market so prices would be inflated and it would destroy all the potential small businesses that would pop up from legalization. We would be getting legal marijuana without all of the economic benefits. All the money would be going back to the same rich people who are benefiting from alcohol being a monopoly.

Also

&gt;For one thing they have the social responsibility part covered — they do age checks, they do refusals if somebody's intoxicated."

This is such a lame way to support his argument. He is trying to demonize marijuana by implying that if we let small businesses sell marijuana then they would sell it to minors and people already under the influence so only the government run LCBO should be trusted to sell it. What a joke. 
Let's not.

We have a perfectly functional dispensary system and legitimate businessmen are running them. Let them extend their client base to those without medical issues. Problem solved.
This is an awful idea. If we're going to legalize the sale of marijuana we should have standards, and age restrictions but let private enterprises compete in an open and free market. The government's role should be limited to ensuring marijuana isn't sold to minors, that it meets certain standards based on scientific evidence and to define what is and isn't acceptable when it comes to advertising. That is it. 
Sooo air miles on marijuana? Nice
I agree with selling marijuana in liquor stores, as it is an impairing substance like alcohol, but only because I'm from Alberta where liquor and beer is privatized and competitive. I disagree with a noncompetitive model. At least let head shops sell it. With that said, action on marijuana legalization is still better than nothing at all.
That's idiotic. Just like the LCBO and SAQ (and other government monopolies) themselves are.

If the government wants more money, or wants to dissuade the use of these products, they can raise taxes for it like they do on cigarettes. Because running extremely inneficient (and "extemely" is a huge understatment here) government monopolies instead of having the free market make the entire society richer is literally killing jobs and making us all poorer.
It's a joke that they have a monopoly on liquor and they know it, but they kind of have to push for this if they want to keep it. If Marijuana can be sold by any dispensary that would undermine their liquor monopoly. 

I just hope Ontario wakes up to all the foolishness around the LCBO and Beer Store.
NTY there's no reason for even liquor to be sold at the LCBO.
omg no
Not sure if the government should be involved in retailing cannabis. However, I think it should have a wholesale monopoly if for no other reason than the ability to better control the cannabis trade and limit the potential for a black market.
but Nobody even wants liquor sold in the lcbo... 
I was talking with my "providing friend" today. He thinks that using the existing legal structure (dispensaries and such) the price would remain high or even go higher. I want a price war. I want high quality weed for as cheap as anyone can do. (as long as they make a good living). Who is right?
I mean, the infrastructure is already in place and you'd save on upfront and ongoing rent costs, no? Makes sense to me.
As an Ontarian, I think I'm mostly in favor with the LCBO being the de facto pot distributor, but I have a more pressing question:

Will the federal legislation have the same glaring problem that our liquor laws do whereby I can't order it from a producer in a different province directly?

Sure, it'd be nice to get it locally at the LCBO, but I'd be even happier to mail order it from BC.
I mean they could do that, but I think most people would continue to buy their weed illegally.

I have a feeling that the whole legalization process is going to try to restructure how dealing is done, and it isn't going to work. Right now, it's possible to get high quality weed delivered to your door in ~30 minutes in Toronto for relatively cheap. If the government restricts weed sales to storefronts and charges ridiculous tax rates, *no one would buy it* when they can get probably better stuff, for cheaper, more conveniently.
Not that this article has any substantial substance:

Authorizing Cannabis sales to a single Drug Control Board retail undercuts the impact against the black market.

The black market is the primary reason marijuana should be legal, because 1. The black market has no regulation in its distribution to minors and 2.  The quality/purity/THC-CBD proportion of cannabis is unmonitored where illicit users incl. minors buy it.

These points among other things like redundant cannabis charges.  I am concerned where the execution of cannabis legalization will not convert black market users towards the regulated, taxed market fast enough, and the black market would find itself a place alongside a taxed system.  The authorized LCBO distribution method will severely limit the impact against it.  The province will not gain more cannabis taxation sidelining its public consumption, which defeats the purpose entirely.
Obviously the underlying points here are correct: increased surveillance bad, civil liberties good, etc. 

But I hate the opening 

&gt;You’ll be contacted by reporters for instant comment on the terrorist attack du jour, based on information that you’ve likely gleaned from reading newspapers and watching TV — just like everybody else. But you’ve got a PhD, so that’s all that really matters.

uh... yes... that is what matters; we listen to PhD experts talk about climate change, we listen to our doctor when they prescribe us medicine - we should listen to political science PhD experts as well, we don't have to agree, but we should listen. 
İ feel like of all groups who should stop being collectively blamed for terrorism, Muslims should get priority over anyone else. 
This is a terrible headline. It's only partially reflective of the content of the article, and is, I think, deliberately inflammatory. This article was a criticism of those (well, specifically one guy as an example) who call for a bigger security state in response to terrorism, which is an important topic. I didn't read it to involve any kind of victimization of civil libertarians, as the title would imply.
How did an article about Canadian values, like civil libertarianism, get conflated with American right wing libertarian extremists. Sure we have groups like C-FAR, the Western Guard, Citizens for Foreign Aid Reform (C-FAR), the Western Guard, the Hammerskins, the Heritage Front, and the Nationalist Party of Canada, Heritage Front, etc. but they are somewhat removed from the type of extremism we see in American libertarians and neither have anything to do with our values of civil liberties which are exemplified by our CHRC and it's provincial counterparts. Have we been watching so much television broadcast from across the border that when we see the word "libertarian" our intelligence devolves to the point that we can only think of American extremism?

Come on. We're Canadian. We're better than this.
I'm not sure we are being blamed for this by many people. It seems 'liberals' are for porous borders and so on (probably also unjustifiably). 

Now - we are blamed apparently for child pornography according to the RCMP, but that's another story. 
Immigration lawyer and long time lurker here.  First time poster and "formatting help" clicked. Hope I do this right. 

[@OttervonBismarck](https://www.reddit.com/user/0ttervonBismarck) has it right on why the visa requirement was imposed on Mexico.  The visa requirement was imposed on Mexico and the Czech Republic because they were the number 1 and 2 source countries for refugees with relatively low success rates.  It was subsequently lifted on the Czech Republic, and will soon be lifted on Mexico. 

[@jjplain](https://www.reddit.com/user/jjplain) asks "what do refugee claims have to do with visas" and the answer is that all temporary resident visas have to satisfy immigration officers that they will leave Canada by the end of their authorized stay.  An individual who is likely to claim refugee status is unlikely to meet this requirement. 

[@_Minor_Annoyance](https://www.reddit.com/user/_Minor_Annoyance) is right that a significant factor in lifting the requirement was the designation of Mexico as a "safe country of origin" under the CPC's Balanced Refugee Reform Act. 

It is worth noting that the lifting of the visa requirement against Mexico is not a partisan issue.  In the 2015 Economic Action Plan the Conservatives pledged to [lift the visa requirement](https://actionplan.gc.ca/en/initiative/legitimate-travel-canada) on Mexico, Brazil, Romania, and Bulgaria. For whatever reason the CPC never mentioned this during the 2015 election campaign. 

The real question for Justin Trudeau and John McCallum should be whether they will also be lifting the visa requirement on Brazil, Romania, and Bulgaria, like the Conservatives promised to do. 

[Edit] - I'm not sure how to link to peoples' posts and replies so if anyone wants to privately message me and tell me how to do this for the future I would greatly appreciate it.

This is just the tourist visa, right?
A lot of industries need Canada to waive the visa requirements before the U.S. does, and my guess is the biggest proponent of this is Air Canada. Mexican air travel has been growing YOY, but their airlines haven't. With the loss of Mexicana, it leaves precious few Mexican-based, international quality airlines running from Guadalajara, Mexico City and Monterrey. With business travelers heading to Europe and Asia, Air Canada stands to make a bank on the South America -&gt; Canada -&gt; Europe/Asia routes. 

Other industries have had a hard time getting Mexicans to Canada for business events, meetings and negotiations. My guess is the corporate lobby is pushing the Liberals to lift this and ease the strain between Canada/Mexico. The visa issue is a flash point, and with domestic US considerations being what they are, the Mexicans have been pushing Canada now to lift. Now that they have it, this should seriously open doors for Canada with the Mexican government and Mexican industry.  
The visa was implemented as a measure to address the problem of bogus refugees, and it worked.

There were legitimate, evidence based reasons for the visa. It is not as though the Harper government hates Mexicans or something.

This policy change, along with Trudeau's promise to re-instate full health coverage for bogus refugee claimants, provides incentives to abuse the generosity of Canada's refugee system.  Real Change, indeed.
In 2008 the Immigration and Refugee Board reviewed 5654 Mexican refugee claims and found 606 to be valid, that's an acceptance rate of 11%. The acceptance rate for refugees from all countries from the same year, 2008, is 42%, and if you exclude Mexico then it rises to 56%. The visa requirement was put into place for this reason; The vast majority of Mexican refugee claimants were simply not legitimate refugees.

This begs the question, what has changed? What factors have led the government to conclude that the visa requirement is no longer needed to help stem the flow of bogus refugee claimants from Mexico? What ***evidence*** is the government going to provide in support of this decision? What impact might this decision have on US-Canadian relations? What is the position of the US State Department? Homeland Security &amp; its agencies: CBP, BP, ICE? 

These are all important questions that should be answered as part of the Liberal's **"Evidence Based Policy"** promise. 
From a libertarian standpoint, I approve. They've been a reliable trade partner under NAFTA, mutual tourism is beneficial, and it isn't reasonable to restrict the entry of a proven ally over short-term visitation that encourages mutual cultural and financial exchange.
Of the Syrian refugees accepted by the US only 2% are single men of fighting age. Based on what ministers have said that number is going  to similar for Canada. We are prioritizing single mothers and children. I am guessing a lot of the folks with refugee hysterics (Wall, Trump) are going to look very stupid when the first batch of refugees arrives and is pretty much all women and children
Well that seems reasonable and thorough, but I'll just come back to this thread in a bit to see how the anti refugee crowd take offence to this process.
There is some important information left out about what CSIS and CIC are looking for in terms of clearing refugees for resettlement, and what inadmissibility (ie refusal) means. 

The likely causes of inadmissibility would be for terrorism (s 34 of the *Immigration and Refugee Protection Act*) or human rights abuses (s 35 of the *Act*), or membership in an organization that has, is, or will engage in terrorism or contravene human rights. You can also be inadmissible for having a family member (spouse, child, parent) who is inadmissible. 

In the case of terrorism, this would apply to anyone who has fought in the civil war against the government. The *Act* marks anyone who engages in "subversion by force" against any government as a terrorist. Case law defines membership in organizations in an extremely broad and unrestricted way; it is irrelevant as to whether membership was voluntary, whether the individual is an adult or a minor, and whether the individual himself/herself engaged in violent acts. Material support is sufficient (ie hiding weapons). If a person is a member of a group and leaves prior to that group committing acts that would fall under the purview of terrorism, then that person is still inadmissible. 

In the case of human rights abuses, the Supreme Court has defined 4 elements of a crime against humanity:

&gt; 1. An enumerated proscribed act was committed (this involves showing that the accused committed the criminal act and had the requisite guilty state of mind for the underlying act);
&gt;  
&gt; 2.   The act was committed as part of a widespread or systematic attack;
&gt;  
&gt; 3.   The attack was directed against any civilian population or any identifiable group of persons; and 
&gt; 
&gt; 4.   The person committing the proscribed act knew of the attack and knew or took the risk that his or her act comprised a part of that attack. 

*Mugesera v. Canada (Minister of Citizenship and Immigration)*, [2005] 2 SCR 100, 2005 SCC 40 (CanLII)

Complicity would involve an assessment of the following factors:

&gt; 1. The Nature of the Organization
&gt; 2. The Method of Recruitment
&gt; 3. Position/rank within the Organization
&gt; 4. Length of time in the Organization
&gt; 5. The Opportunity to Leave the Organization
&gt; 6. Knowledge of the Organization's Atrocities

*Bedoya v. Canada(Minister of Citizenship and Immigration)*, 2005 FC 1092 (CanLII)

Complicity is usually defined in an extremely broad way. A person who was a member of the military is likely to be inadmissible. 

The standard of proof required is reasonable grounds to believe, which is higher than mere suspicion (2-3% sure) but lower than a balance of probabilities (51% sure). Most importantly, CSIS and CIC need not have any objective evidence. The evidence they may call upon includes facts arising from "omissions" (ie failure to document your background history, or inconsistencies in your testimony or written submissions). At the end of all this, it is important to remember that this assessment (in the case of government assisted refugees) is after the UNHCR has vetted the individual. 
So if I'm getting this right, we're only taking those with valid documentation and leaving those with little information to be stuck in Turkey/Germany? That's good.

That some countries have come out to talk about how very little information they can gather on some individuals, I'd rather we nitpick than take a large sweeping group.

I'd much rather we simply give money/resources to support refugee camps in Europe than taking people in but alas, it can't be stopped.
I'm glad someone is saying it and I really hope this point gets some traction now. This conflict is being financed by nations we have called allies, and we've been beating around the bush on the topic.
Nice thanks for Kuwait for their '90s rescue, eh?
&gt; A 242-ship Navy will not stop one motivated murderous fanatic from emptying the clip of an AK-47 into the windows of a crowded restaurant. The F-35 fighter plane will not stop a group of motivated murderous fanatics from detonating bombs at a soccer match. 

I like that this article doesn't write off the attacks as senseless acts of violence, but i don't see any possible way to completely stop attacks like these from happening. How can you possibly stop people who are determined to kill innocent people at the cost of their lives. We can try to minimize the damage and amount of attacks but humans will always resort to war and violence to get their point across.
I was reading up on the Syrian war and I can't believe how bad of a proxy war it really is.   

Why doesn't the elephant in the room rear its ugly head and everyone talk about the Russian and Turkish influence on this war.

Personally I wonder if this was isil at all.   This could just as easily been assad supporters.   France is part of a large nato group funding Assad's main opposition.   

That country (if you can even call it that any more ) is such a fucked up place.  
Be wary of anything that claims there is only 'one way' to solve a complex problem. I don't disagree that this is a part of it, but there are so many variables that are involved in the creation of an organization like ISIS that to think that there is 'one' solution is foolhardy. 
And this is without even covering the Iranian overthrow, the Iran-Iraq proxy war, etc etc.

ALSO - I cannot believe how fucking little is talked about education. A big reason the "leaders" that these religion fanatics get so much traction is that there followers are illiterate and uneducated.
The more I look at the middle east, the I wonder if it's so much a vision of our past as it is a vision of the future we're barreling towards.
Not sure how any of this is going to stop the radicalization of individuals
&gt; Dion said the new Liberal government also won’t shy away from criticizing either Israel or the Palestinians when it comes to actions that threaten Middle East peace

Thank you. This is the approach that needs to be taken, not some blind adherence to one side or the other. 

But I think the real test is, will he stand up to Saudi Arabia? That's the truly tough call. As much as I would like him to, I fully understand how difficult politically that would be.
We need to learn that talking with someone and attempting to solve problems diplomatically isn't the same thing as condoning their acts.

Iran's relationship with the US is an excellent example of diplomacy working. No bombs were dropped, no boots on the ground, and Iran has now curtailed their nuclear program and will be allowing observers into the country to ensure they aren't trying to make weapons.

Diplomacy should always be an option no matter how abhorrent the actions or beliefs of the other side.
Well, good. Yelling at them from across the ocean has accomplished nothing whatsoever. 'Engaging' might be a waste of time too but at least it doesn't make us look petty and more interested in rhetoric than results.
I would be interested in knowing Dion's position on the Syrian crisis. Does he support Russia's efforts in destroying ISIS bases? His position on this issue would have major implications in Canada's foreign policy. Also, how does he view the fact that the US armed "moderate" rebels who are said to have joined ISIS subsequently?
Talk is free and it tends not to get people killed. Weird how society has moved away from dialogue and moved towards threatening as a foreign policy but hopefully that's changing.
Successful diplomacy would be inviting Putin to the Québec Winter Carnaval, you know, northern brothers celebrating the coming end of winter, yadda yadda, no business, no politics, just northern fellowship...

...and then getting him to eat poutine.  

I don't care what comes of the meeting, I've been wanting a non-photoshopped photo of Putin eating Poutine for too long... I keep trying to search for one, but it's all nonsense

Can anyone please tell me what negotiating with Russia &amp; Iran will accomplish? I'm genuinely curious what supporters of Liberal foreign policy think about this.
Sanctions on this scale are an outright act of war, NATO didn't even attempt diplomacy, didn't even attempt to be the bigger man... nope, just straight up said "fuck it, Cold War 2 here we go".

NATO leaders are as bad as Putin when it comes to foreign relations.
Slightly unrelated, but the Queen always seems to be carrying a purse; what the fuck does the Queen of England carry in there?

There's no way she needs ID or money and I'd be hard pressed to believe that she'd need keys to anything. She's definitely post-menopausal so she doesn't need tampons, either.

So is it just some basic makeup and kleenex? Doesn't she have people for that?

Edit: I think we made the news: http://ottawacitizen.com/storyline/the-queens-purse-why

There's almost no way that piece wasn't inspired by our discussion here. Right down to the same linked article and highlighting of the signalling. The timing seems to work out, too.
It's fluff but it's traditional fluff.  The new PM has a meet and greet with the current king or queen.  Trudeau is in a unique position for a PM of having already been through this before.  
&gt;"They were nice moments because I knew how much my dad liked her. You could tell my father was really proud to be introducing his son to the Queen."

There is some revisionist history for you.
It's bizarre that Canada, a country 1/10th the population of the US, is poised to take more than twice as many Syrian refugees as the latter next year.

Both countries have a proud history of being new homes for the world's oppressed ("Give me your tired, your poor,
Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free").  And yet, here we are.

It's not a matter of numbers, both countries are more than capable of absorbing tens of thousands of these refugees with few noticeable impacts.

It's not a matter of security, you can't honestly tell me the US government is incapable of successfully screening more than 10,000 Syrian refugees in a calendar year.

And yet, again, here we are.
Did we get it right? I know this is a contested issue and Canadians are split, but isn't this blatant gender discrimination? In "2015" no less...

http://www.theglobeandmail.com/globe-debate/trudeau-is-discriminating-against-single-straight-male-refugees-why-is-he-afraid/article27480867/

http://adamjonesphd.blogspot.ca/2015/11/on-syrian-refugees-open-letter-to-prime.html
They are going to need every penny.  In my experience Albertan's have been reluctant to really commit to become greener, understandable since their economy revolves around oil.  

Notley is making big changes to their economy and wants the public on board.  It will make things easier in the long and short run if these changes had more support.  
Absolutely justified provided the focus of the ad campaign is on telling Albertans how the new tax will work and how they can change their habits to reduce emissions and their tax bill.
If there's one thing I've noticed about this province, it's that everyone with a strong political opinion also happens to be an expert on oilsands production. Hopefully, the NDP will be able to capitalize on this robust knowledge base.
Since oil was discovered in Alberta, its politicians and citizens have supported the worst policies imaginable for managing and profiting from the resource. Unlike Norway, for example, Alberta has little to show for its oil-fueled spending and low tax regime binge, and now suffers economically. It didn't need to be this way.

Like it or not Alberta is part of a world that is moving as rapidly as it can to a post or low carbon world, and Alberta will have to adapt. It will do it either responsibly and creatively and benefit from the change, or it will continue its irresponsible ways and be forced kicking and screaming into the new economy. If it chooses the latter, which is likely given Alberta's history, it will suffer unnecessarily. 

Perhaps, an advertising campaign about climate change will help change the minds of enough Albertans to provide some hope for a post-carbon Alberta.
Government spends no money advertising, people don't know what's being done and bitch that the government's not doing anything.

Government spends money on advertising so people know what's up, people bitch about spending money.


It's a naked tax increase dressed up as environmental policy (which it isn't) - yeah, no doubt they'll need to run ads for this.


So $700k+ to promote a $6bn deficit and now another $700k to try and convince people that it's worth paying hundreds more a year in taxes for the environment. I don't think this kind of spending is what Alberta needs right now.
There is no way I think NDP will win again next term, I just hope that they can put so many policies in place for the better of the province and country that it will be easy to look back with pride. They have to know they are the lame duck party and go full throttle.
That integrity is really great, good for him 
[Rob Silver did the same on Power and Politics](http://www.cbc.ca/player/play/2678371944). He's married to Katie Telford.
Althia Raj tends to sub when one of them is away. I guess it'll probably be her permanently now? If so, that's too bad. Anderson's area of expertise is quite different to Raj's (and her ties to the PMO no less distant).

Still, upside: more timely press releases from Abacus!

I don't see this as particularly surprising. It wasn't as if the CPC position was that an inquiry would be morally wrong -- just that it would be pointless, because the reasons are already fairly well-known. But if the LPC is determined to go ahead with it, there's no reason not to wish them well in the endeavor. It strikes a conciliatory tone over a matter that is, in the end, not worth fighting over.
Very interesting interview. Seems like she might actually change the direction of the party a little bit. I wasn't too happy about her being picked initially, but this interview certainly gives me some hope. It's pretty clear that she is trying to change the rhetoric, and focusing more on positive things. The emphasis on working with the government and supporting the inquiry also seems to suggest that she wants to combat the image of the party being divisive. 
ELI5: What would this inquiry try to find? I'm not asking to be a dick, I've just never seen an explanation about what the end result of the inquiry is suppose to be
What about the missing and murdered indigenous men?

I really don't understand why people think it's acceptable to ignore 3/4 of the victims.
This is a non-story. Her party had ten years to get itself on the right side of history and never missed an opportunity to do absolutely nothing instead.
Her and her party's "support", in whatever laughably insignificant, predictably partisan form it takes, is no longer necessary. 
There are francophone communities out here. We probably should publish in both languages. That said, we have much larger reserves/settlements with Cree, Blackfoot, or Dene as a first language and we will certainly never look at translating to these. So I'm torn on what is right here.   
The decision itself: [Caron v. Alberta, 2015 SCC 56](http://scc-csc.lexum.com/scc-csc/scc-csc/en/item/15629/index.do).

The majority's reasons hinged on a few different points of constitutional interpretation:

* Canada (and the Imperial administration) knew how to explicitly entrench language rights and did so with the 1870 *Manitoba Act* and the 1867 constitution.  The lack of similar language in the 1870 Order annexing Rupert's Land to Canada is significant.
* The Canadian Parliament did not subsequently act as if it had a constitutional obligation to provide for bilingual legislation in the territory's local government outside of Manitoba.  The neither the 1869 *Temporary Government of Rupert's Land Act* nor the 1975 *North-West Territories Act* explicitly provided for bilingualism (but it existed as a de-facto measure).  1877 amendments included this guarantee with language similar to the *Manitoba Act*, but subsequent 1891 amendments put legislative bilingualism under the jurisdiction of the devolved local governments.

The minority's dissent obviously disagreed, feeling that the phrase "legal rights" included in various royal proclamations of the period were intended to explicitly include linguistic rights with respect to governance.
Why would they be, it's an English language province
Une triste perte pour la minorité francophone sur les prairies. 
I dont know how to feel about this. I dont really understand the constitutional arguments well enough to have any kind of an opinion. I do feel that a bilingual Canada is important, as an ideal. There aren't that many French people here, though, so the expense of precisely translating legal documents may not pass the cost/benefit analysis of utilitarians. 

Perhaps we could have a rough or simplified translation provided, with the english version being the superseding document? Im totally not a lawyer though, so this is probably an awful idea.

EDIT: I would like to see us promote more bilingualism in Alberta, with greater emphasis in teaching french in schools. It is a useful tool not only for being a Canadian, but for childhood development. I hope this kind of issue doesnt serve to push Quebecers further away from Albertans.
Here is what is key:

"The ruling came in a case in which two Alberta men, Gilles Caron and Pierre Boutet, said the provincial traffic laws they violated in 2005 were unconstitutional because they were not published in French."

Is it more reasonable to argue that a law is unconstitutional and therefore unenforceable because it is not published in both of Canada's official languages, or to argue, basically, "look, you jokers, you still have to obey the traffic laws"?

Should the laws be published in both official languages?  Maybe.  Probably.  But should somebody be able to get out of paying traffic tickets because they're not?  I don't think so.
So, anyone that criticized Québec over Gaspé's hospital signs care to comment on this?
&gt;Are there people out there who really believe the random Muslim woman in hijab standing in front of them at the checkout line at their local grocery store could be hiding a bomb?

I'm not a fan of political correctness and believe in being able to question and criticize any religion (even atheism), but lately I've felt like I've had to come off like a [social justice warrior](http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=social+justice+warrior) because I can tell you there are people who are irrationally scared of terrorism where I'm from that would believe this. There has been a new explosion of anti Muslim propaganda on Facebook over the weekend which is helping to contribute to the same type of anger that was used to burn down that mosque. 
"If this kind mentality exists in Mississauga, how much worse will it be for those living in Parry Sound or Winnipeg"

The author obviously doesn't realize how multicultural Winnipeg is if she is comparing it to a city with over 90 percent white population. 
&gt; Here’s a response for them – I am not apologizing for the attacks in Paris. I had nothing to do with them.

Fair enough.
 
&gt; Yes, France is launching airstrikes inside Syria that are indiscriminately killing innocent civilians.

&gt; Yes, Western foreign policy continues to be a driving factor towards the bloody, chaotic mess the Middle East lies in today.

It does sound like she's apologizing for the attacks. Moreover, what she's saying is patently false. France is not "indiscriminately" killing civilians. To suggest so is absurd. It's the same rationale that ISIS uses to justify its attacks.

Are refugees not fleeing Syria and Iraq? Is ISIS not the cause? Shouldn't Canada and the West welcome these refugees and stop ISIS? Doesn't stopping ISIS entail military action? But wait, our military action caused ISIS in the first place, oh no!
As an ethnic minority myself we are always going to encounter some form of bigotry or racism, but just because you meet one rude woman at the grocery store doesn't mean that everyone is out to get you.

Ignore the Facebook comments. If someone assaults you call 911 and sue their ass. And I think the whole "social justice warrior" thing is silly, as an ethnic minority myself I don't need the sympathy. Like I don't care what religion race or gender you are, no need to be a jack ass or a self-righteous social justice warrior, just don't be rude. If people underestimate you because of who you are, you prove them wrong with your actions, your work will speak for itself. 
Is there any evidence that this actually happened?
Does anybody else feel like celebrating this small little thing? Because I for one am ecstatic that I'll never have to see an Economic Action Plan sign again. These poorly designed, awfully coloured, huge billboards plastered anywhere there's room on a construction site (or years after construction ended) were a blight on project sites and communities, and a total, complete, and utter waste of taxpayer dollars. 

Good riddance, EAP. Don't let the door hit you on the way out. 
eeeh, I'm happy to see this and I look forward to this term of Liberal govt.. but hey, I'm not getting too jazzed about this until the time comes when they implement their own stimulus plan.  When that time comes, if we don't see big signs around plastered in red instead of blue then i'll be happier.  I sure hope they don't throw as much dough into the marketing of the thing as the "CPC" (removed abbreviated version of Conservative) did, but of course there are going to be their own semi-branded type signs, as there is with every federal and provincial govt whenever there's upgrades :)
This taxpayer-funded propaganda is no longer brought to you by your Conservative government. 
Apparently the warming is greater as you go north from the equator. While initially it sounds like the Canadian prairies will soon be destinations for sunbirds, the reality is that current crops like wheat may no longer be viable in parts of the prairies.  
I think the Liberals can be taken at their world that they intend to do everything possible to bring in 25,000 Syrian refugees by the end of the year, and do it well. It would seem to me, therefore, that the best course for all involved--the refugees and Canadians--would be to do all we can to facilitate the effort and make it a success. There's nothing in Molloy's op-ed that makes any positive contribution to the effort.

The very notion that the new government isn't going to "do it well" lacks supporting evidence. The very notion that the new government needs to be admonished to "do it well" is odd, in the extreme. Does Molloy actually think that the Ministers and public servants haven't thought that it would be a good idea to "do it well?" 
"Keeping refugees in holding camps has never been the Canadian way," but in this instance the options available right now are basically:

* Bring them to Canada early, not everything will be ready yet to welcome them so they will have to spend some time resting in clean, safe camps; or
* Wait until we are ready, and meanwhile they will get more and more worn out in squalid, dangerous refugee camps overseas.

If the well-being of the refugees we are to welcome is the priority, I think holding camps, while not great, are not that bad an option.
These two concepts aren't mutually exclusive. It is possible to do something both quickly and well if you throw enough resources at it.
I asked this yesterday: https://www.reddit.com/r/CanadaPolitics/comments/3t2k3a/what_exactly_does_speeding_up_applications_imply/

All the measures being used to "speed" up things do not seem to have any impacts on the actual security screening going on.
Probably more risk  that someone will be killed felling the trees on which the Globe &amp; Mail is printed.  
We need not be scared of the people fleeing Daesh, they are certainly not the enemy but are in desperate need of our help. Let's distinguish ourselves from the crazy Republicans who want to blame this whole debacle on Islam and Muslims.

After these Paris attacks, we should bring in more refugees than the 25,000 already planned. It should also be done fast because things are dire in Syria and Iraq.

There will obviously be a screening process; I doubt the Liberals are just going to grab the first 25,000 Syrians they see and put them on a plane to Toronto. Think positive.
whats the deal with doing it fast? seems like some stupid arbitrary deadline must absolutely be met. why not do it right?
I would rather them bring 40,000 over the next 12 months then to rush 25,000 over the next 6 weeks.
We shouldn't take them in. There is no valid reason to. We did not cause the conflict they're fleeing from and they do not value our culture at all. It's just a plain bad idea.
I can't fathom about what's so hard to comprehend about federal scientists being muzzled when **speaking to Canadian media**.

That's a waste of my taxpaying dollars, because I partly funded these studies. So these scientists have their work published, and they're allowed sometimes to talk to media outside of the country. 

Inside the country, the media have no access to them. That means that the general public isn't informed about these issues unless they specifically search out research papers to read themselves. Having an uninformed or misinformed populace means that issues that should get attention by the public receive little to no attention. Issues that make the government or its policies look bad don't see the light of day in our national media.

No one said they had to be entertainers or rockstars. There is a lot of information disseminated in the media that the general populace don't understand, it's the duty of the journalists to translate this information so that the general public can make sense of it. That's why you have correspondents in media who cover certain aspects they have training or knowledge in.

Ie: Foreign policies, the environment, finance and business, trade, domestic policies, energy, etc.

I'm thankful this government disagrees with the former government that the populace is too stupid to understand issues. Give the people the right information, give people access to information, then they can be better informed. You never know, some of them could effect change. Some of them may grow up inspired by these scientists to effect more change, or become scientists themselves. 

There is some nuance to some studies, and there are ways to spread information without it being used as fearmongering and to not use it to just convince people of any one thing. I'd rather be treated as an adult and given access to information, than be treated like an idiot by the government and not be allowed information from federal scientists paid for by taxpaying dollars. 

Science shouldn't stay in the realm of only scientists. Look at Bill Nye or Tyson, these people are translating really complex scientific issues into language everyday people can understand. There is value in that, and there is value in having an educated populace. 
My issue with all this on the media's end is how the coverage of scientists goes towards the physical and natural and applied sciences, and not to experts within the social sciences and humanities employed by the government. 

If anything, their silencing was more drastic, given the potential controversy in their claims. In my experience as a historian, there were many restrictions placed on museum workers, researches, and archivists. This was all in addition to budget and staffing cuts. 

The reality is not every academic expert the government employs wears a lab coat. 

This is not to say Trudeau isn't unmuzzling them, but that the coverage of their plight is so under-serving. 

I think if the PMO learns about what studies were being kept quiet, they should basically amplify the results. "Oh you thought this wasn't all that great about the environment, well it turns out 10x worse and if Stephen Harper had addressed it we wouldn't be in this mess" as a way to get even better approval ratings.  
&gt;We know it several ways. For the 25,000, we can identify a lot of refugees who clearly would not fall within the ISIS or Sunni extremist category. The starting point for that would be children and secondly women, particularly women who are now heads of single household families. There are a lot in that position.

This sounds very promising, and does sate some of my prior concerns. Thanks for sharing.
This guy basically explained the same thing to CTV, and I think it addresses most of the security concerns.  
[France is the most military active European country in Muslim nations](http://www.businessinsider.com/frances-military-is-all-over-africa-2015-1) having recently invaded and occupied Mali and was spear-heading the bombing in Libya.  

As horrible as these terrorist attacks are, we cannot forget that these targets aren't random.  If we don't get another warmonger in power then it's highly unlikely we will be targeted.

Unfortunately, the foreign policy of our allies is disastrous and this is blow back from their misadventures.

No whip in the senate, 5 new appointments to be made in the new year (2 Ont, 2 Man, 1 Que), Liberal Senator George Furey (NFLD).  Furey doesn't speak french, which is a serious issue.  He's learning now apparently.

The selection committee will have 5 people; 3 non partisan reps selected by Trudeau and 2 from the province in question.  The 3 non partisan reps will be chosen by the Cabinet on a case by case basis.  They'll give 5 names to Trudeau.  These won't be made public, but they are promising that he'll pick one of them. 

Then it continues to the normal process of 'suggesting' them to the GG.

There are some parts of this that are vague, and they're saying this may be altered over time.  

&gt;Individual Canadians will be able to apply for appointment to the Senate.

That's new. 

So far there is some cautious optimism, which is standard for this new government.  At least one CPC senator has voiced support.
Why does the PM still need to pick from a final list of 5? If this is supposed to be an independent selection process couldn't the panel just nominate a single person?
I'm happy with this approach. 

I'm a firm advocate for keeping the Senate if it can be returned to its roots of being a check. In the end, our parliamentary system is based on checks and balances, and I believe the House of Commons needs a check within the Parliament (that is, in addition to the judicial and executive checks). 

The government's approach could help stymy many of the issues we  see in our parliament. For example, when a government is heavy-handed with its whip, senators would have more room to challenge, if not outright prevent, legislation from getting  through which may not be agreeable to Canada/Canadians. For this, I'm thinking of bills or specific provisions which would be considered a surprise to voters, so in essence, the elected government may not be representing Canadians/its electorate. 

Additionally, one of the strongest criticisms, in my opinion, of the Senate is that it is comprised of elites. Fortunately we don't have automatic lineage appointments, but the Senate isn't really representative of Canadians the way that the lower house can be. So allowing Canadians to apply to be a senator removes the necessary political connections we currently have which can also diminish partisanship. 


&gt; must have a working knowledge of the Senate and how it operates.

That is my one quibble with this new plan as I'm not sure how many people who are not experienced senators have a working knowledge of the red chamber. It is a pretty unique institution and unless you've worked in it, I don't see how you would get much experience on its SOPs. Unless we're going to confine appointements to former Senate staffers or parliamentary pages, I think there needs to be a bit more thought on this requirement.

Everything else I like, and the ability to put oneself forward as a candidate I really like. 

I think the fact that the PM/GG will be presented with a short list of five should also get around anyone arguing at the SCC that their role has been reduced, requiring a constitutional amendement to legitimise.
I think it's a silly idea because it's form over substance.  I don't see how it changes anything except give the appointment an *appearance* of legitimacy.  Just more red tape and wasted tax dollars that won't make a difference in the end.  It's a means, not an end.  

There is a saying I heard somewhere that if left to the academics, the PM would be chosen by an 'independent committee'.  

I could see other reforms being made but the 'independent committee' (majority of which chosen by Cabinet) is not one of them. Selecting the 'selectors' of a Senator in a non-transparent, unaccountable way is no different than selecting the Senator in a non-transparent, unaccountable way.


Not to sound like a stereotypical Marxist, but if there aren't any working people included in this "independent selection" I'm not too impressed--it'd still be a body representing the elite of society. 

When the senate starts getting some Ruth Ellen Brosseaus then I'll be impressed. 
Really depends on who the non-partisan advisory committee is.  If they all *happen* to be left-leaning then this isn't a fix.  
The more I read about this reform the more it stinks. 

Recently discovered that the whole process is non-binding. I doubt the short list will be made public. 

Considering those two things, the PM will be able to appoint whoever he wants, same as before, and we will have no way of knowing whether this was done fairly using the process or not. 

About the only thing this reform does seem to do is to make the process one step removed from the prime minister, thus allowing himself to be absolved of all responsibility in the appointment. I know that technically the GG appoints senators but, by convention, the PM's choice is always the one appointed and senator's appointments have always been tied to the sitting prime minister.
This kind of reminds me of the Pine Tree Chiefs of the Iroquois Confederacy - people acclaimed due to their wisdom and service to the nation. Their only power was that they could speak and had to be listened to. 

http://cscie12.dce.harvard.edu/ssi/iroquois/version2/3.shtml


Calling the body independent is very misleading. The majority are selected by Trudeau, which makes it partisan. This is not reform at all. It's just a smoke and mirrors show. 

This article seems to do no critical analysis of the proposal at all. It's just echoing the Liberals. 
Great so now that we've down this its time to get some more equal Western representation.  If we are going to go down this route I think this should be an expectation.
I think people just want accountability and if any senators break the rules get punished for abusing their positions.
Trudeau is just hiding behind a committee so he doesn't have to take responsibility for his Senate appointments.  He's wrong, however, they will still be Trudeau's appointments.
I like it, but I would love to see this independent body include an MP from each official party in the House of Commons to oversee the process to ensure non-partisan appointments and, if possible, an MLA/MPP/MNA/MHA from each official party in the provincial legislature to oversee to ensure provincial non-partisan and representative choice. That would be, at minimum currently, 5 extra members on the independent body.

Having all major political parties from a region sign off on candidate-senators would also go a large way to legitimizing the "non-partisan" and "independent" goals the federal Liberals want to achieve here.

A 5 member committee is pretty small, I assume the membership could be expanded in the future.
What we really need to do is turn the senate into a scientific advisory arm of government that takes a "sober second look" at government laws for a scientific and evidence based examination. It's time for us to stop pretending science isn't important.
Call me bitter, but this makes no difference. Now instead of partisan people appointing senators, those partisan people are appointing other "non-partisan" people to appoint senators.

Ask yourself, do you think Trudeau will appoint an appointer with a strong Conservative background. Probably not. Do you think he'll appoint an appointer who has a strong Liberal background? I'll let you decide that.
This article points exactly to why I am against this deal or any trade deal that allows foreign corporate entities to sue our government over policy choices.

&gt;ISDS allows foreign investors to bypass that very balance. By allowing them to selectively challenge basic contract, administrative or regulatory issues in a parallel process, ISDS undermines the agencies, courts and policy-makers that shape Canadian domestic law. Indeed, a forthcoming analysis shows that less than 20 per cent of the 34 claims filed against Canada under NAFTA would have any case for damages in domestic courts, and only half of those would have had an arguable case for the equivalent damages.

Imagine we decided to implement national pharmacare and increase drug price controls and then Pfizer, Bayer, and Co. decide they don't like that and sue the federal government. Not only do we possibly lose time implementing the program if the *government* win but we waste money on legal costs too. We likely won't win because the threshold for evidence is so low. How do you even quantify "lost profits" anyways? I think the whole concept is ridiculous. Then there's the fact that we could constrain further administrations on their trade policy by enshrining status quo indefinitely through the deal as other nations would surely be upset if a future government reneged on the TPP. All I have to say about the TPP is, "No, thank you."
&gt;&gt; No one can dispute the tradition of an individual publisher or owner calling the election shots for their local paper. Godfrey did that regularly when he was publisher of the Toronto Sun.

I think this is cutting things a bit fine.

A publisher of *one* paper ordering *one* endorsement is okay, but a publisher of *many* papers ordering *many* endorsements isn't?  In a national election being covered in media of national scope, I find this to be a distinction without difference.  (Ed: fixed the phrase.)

If an endorsement is supposed to reflect the views of the paper, then it really should reflect the views of the existing editorial staff -- those whose words fill the paper on a daily basis.  There is no special role for the publisher here, beyond hiring editorialists to do their proper jobs.

If a publisher with no daily editorial role wants to endorse someone, they should by all rights buy an ad to do it -- just like any other interest group.
Gosh, despite common ownership and a tendency to run the same stories by the same authors on the same day, I clung to the belief that the Vancouver Sun and the Province were fundamentally different papers.  My illusion was *shattered* by the robo-endorsements, I no longer find meaning in life. 
Coming from a paper that except for 2011, always endorses the same party year after year, this sounds like a case of the pot calling the kettle black.
Interesting seeing this from the Toronto Star... If anything, it says more to me that Postmedia has hired journalists that don't agree with the CEO. The Toronto Star didn't just endorse the Liberals, but their journalists all seem to agree a lot more with the owner. Isn't that worse?
I found the NP's coverage to be pretty good overall. Aside from the official endorsement, I read articles endorsing positions from all the major parties pretty frequently.
I don't know that Postmedia has let its readers down. Most of us who read Postmedia publications expect exactly what we get. They ALWAYS endorse the Tories at election time. No matter how awful their record, no matter how dismal their candidates, Tories can always count on a Postmedia endorsement. Because of this, I don't think there are many who pay attention to them except those Tories who want their party's talking points rubber-stamped. Still, it's sad that Canada has allowed one company to acquire such an iron grip on the country's news. 
To join the choir... He could start by not passing the TPP.
If it was up to me, I'd skip the mandate letters to the ministers and instead create a huge omnibus bill. Then ram it through parliament to send a painful reminder to the Conservatives of what it was like to sit in opposition to them. The best part? Most Canadians would probably cheer and drown out their protests.
I'm no fan of the Harper legacy, but there's something that seems inherently wrong about one government spending its time dismantling the work of the last. I'm not sure if the fault is with the Conservatives for pursuing policies that were so contentious as to be inevitably targeted for reversal by the next government or with the Liberals for pursuing policy reversal instead of new policy.

I'd like to see Harper's legacy undone as much as the next guy, but it just feels like something went wrong for government to be working this way.
Undoing Harper's legacy? I can't see that being very difficult. Harper didn't accomplish anything over the last decade that can't be undone, because most of it was trivial ideological silliness, like getting rid of the long form census and renaming the military. Four years from now it will be like the Harper decade never happened. Harper will be one of the least noteworthy Prime Ministers in Canadian history. 
I wouldn't join a "men's group" because the odds of assholes showing up are very high. Every time I hear something about MRAs I just roll my eyes. Just because someone is stupid, doesn't mean you have to listen.

 But to deny their existence because it might upset some other group? Or because of purely hypothetical things they *might* do? Stupid.

I know this is a weird argument, but it's kind of an important one. *People have the right to be wrong. Or dumb. Or self-centered*. You can't fight that by denying them the same tools or opportunities everyone else gets. You can only fight it through education and dialogue. You would think a *university* would understand that.
&gt; There’s the claim that a group for male students will champion men’s rights over women’s rights and try to silence prominent feminists on campus, the idea that a men’s centre will compromise the physical and emotional safety of women on campus and the suggestion that these clubs are associated with groups whose members have made objectionable comments in the past.

The irony here is so thick. I guess universities have decided to finally stop condoning groups that may try to forcibly silence speakers on campus. 
This article makes me so mad. It sounds like the university never had any proof of their claims, rather, they denied the group based on a stereotype. 
Part of the zeitgeist in Canada (and in particular, Toronto) is that those who may be bestowed with some kind of privilege are incapable of experiencing unfortunate circumstances or even other forms of disprivilege.  White men in particular are the common targets for this.

Even if you accede that being white and male confers privilege, it doesn't negate the reality that white males have their own issues to deal with.  The idea that having privilege within one area negates challenges those people might experience is dehumanizing.  There's no basis for denying them the right to form groups and have shared discussions like every other group.  

The net result is that there are quite a few men in Toronto left feeling disenfranchised without any direction for improving their lives.  It's really unfortunate.  
&gt;At Queens University in Kingston, Ont., students tried to have the Men’s Issues Awareness Society (MIAS) decertified at a club in 2014 — before it had run a single event — citing “the manner in which its members have chosen to publicly undermine feminism and anti-rape culture discourse on campus,”

I think it was actually because they hosted an [event](http://www.queensjournal.ca/story/2014-03-28/news/mens-issues-awareness-event-sparks-controversy/) sponsored by CAFE and because of stuff like [this](http://www.macleans.ca/education/uniandcollege/queens-student-attacked-after-opposing-mens-issues-event/). 

&gt;and the Ryerson Student Union (RSU) denied certification to a men’s club on campus in 2012 because of its alleged association with supposed “hate groups,” according to then-RSU president Rodney Diverlus.

Same thing. That group was denied certification because it [did not comply with RSU policies](http://www.macleans.ca/education/uniandcollege/ryerson-students-union-censors-mens-issues-group/) (something that the Macleans outrage brigade didn't really care about), and [was a patsy](http://www.ryersonian.ca/mens-group-going-ahead-on-campus/) for CAFE and AVFM. C'mon Urback do some research here. 

Want some sort of mens only suicide support group? Don't associate with CAFE. It appears to be pretty simple. 
Thank goodness we can always count of Robyn Urback to keep us apprised of the latest tempest in the campus politics teapot.  
Just to provide some extra context to the MRA group at Queen's, it was a very small and select group of students that tried to get it shut down and the people in elected positions (and many students) thought they were being dumb about it. No one liked the MRA group, but we recognized the importance of not censoring them.
I support the existence and open membership of both mens only and womens only groups. Mostly so I can identify the type of people who join these groups and avoid interacting with them.

I don't even believe in gender segregated bathrooms, this is beyond silly to me.

Who the hell wants to hang out with anyone based on the construction of the organ they happen to piss from?
I dont know how no one has not sued a student society for discrimination yet.
&gt;This logic is — needless to say — nearly as bizarre as it is offensive. Would the RSU deny club status to a group of Muslim students trying to create a club on campus out of concern that the group might “spin out of control”? What if the club made Jewish students uncomfortable?


MRAs seem to have a serious problem with arguing situations on their merits rather than using analogies. Someone isn't letting men do something? Well, what if it were *muslims*?
If we're talking about self-identified MRA groups, maybe when they stop being 9/10ths willfully reactionary pieces of shit and 1/10ths misguided basic sociology 101 concepts inept morons this will change, but until then

¯\_(ツ)_/¯.
