Your mother plans for dinner better than I plan for my life
May I ask what she does for a living?   
This is how my mother plans for thanksgiving every year.  She uses the same spreadsheet to calculate out how large a turkey to get, and time management leading up to the day as well as on the day.  [She also tracks the menu, cookware, tableware and guest list.](http://i.imgur.com/FQr7rht.jpg)
Your moms Gantt chart game is strong.
The iced tea requires the same amount of time as making a pie. 

I'm either bad at making pies or good at making iced tea.
Is your mother Lesley Knope?
When do we open the wine?
Goddamnit, Sarah! Just Uber to your mom's! Can't you see she's busy with 43 other things?!
I see she included a color code for the microwave even though she won't use it. It's nice of her to make sure it doesn't feel left out.
Your mom is more prepared for Thanksgiving that I have been for anything in my entire life. 
I'm proud of her for no microwave at all.
Your mom and I are kindred spirits. That level of organization makes me as moist as I hope your turkey turns out.

Too much?
number of people attending: 22? Mom is smart makin' a chart!
*And that was the last time I was ever late to the Gantt family's Thanksgiving dinner.*
Your mom is stressing me out bro. 
As an engineer that enjoys cooking, I think I just fell in love with your mom.
Here's what mine looks like...




* 1 week before - defrost turkey
* 1 hour before - put turkey in deep fryer
Gotta wash that china twice.
So your childhood was pretty easy going, huh?
Alright Monica
I see she has double ovens. Smart lady. 
So Sarah... she already have a +1 to this shindig? I'd be more than happy to pick her up, lighten your mom's load...
*weeping*   I....I have a twin!    *sobbing*
This is better organized than my whole life. 
Hm, did she perform her SWOT analysis ?
Kind of reminds me of [Aunt Marnie's Thanksgiving Letter](http://static.awkwardfamilyphotos.com/wp-content/uploads/cache/2009/11/Thanksgiving-Letter/176171592.jpg).
This is Alanpep's Mom.  I can't believe how his post has blown up!!  I am amazed!  Thank you for all your nice comments, and especially the funny ones.  My husband and I were cracking up reading these.   I have used the spreadsheet method for holidays for years, and I can't believe there is so much interest in it!  For the record.... it is not one turkey..... and I only wash the china once, but it's a lot of china, so broken into 2 days.....  I do get help in doing all of it, the chart gets posted on the fridge so everyone knows what to do and when.... I don't do the dishes......  My son is actually picking up Sarah for me......  Sorry about forgetting the final "s" in brussels sprouts....  and you should see my Christmas Spreadsheet!!!  
This is awesome. I feel like your mom and I would make great friends.
We're building a telescope for NASA and I think that's a better Gantt chart than we have.
Why you eatin at 3
Mom, PMP.
As someone who pulled off their first full Thanksgiving dinner last year this is not overdoing the organization 
[deleted]
LPT - Turkeys larger than 25lbs are extremely tough to cook through without the breast meat drying out. Brines can help. Not stuffing certainly helps. But the best advice for someone who needs a 33lb turkey is to just get 2 more modestly size turkeys. 

Personally we smoke ours, don't stuff it and save all the drippings from the smoked turkey for stuffing made in the oven, juiciest, tastiest turkey and more stuffing than you could ever fit in the bird. Cooks faster and more evenly for sure. 
my aunt does this to the nth degree. When i was like 10 i wrote on the top "christmas with stalin.  Noncompliance will result in death."  My aunt didnt notice it until after Christmas when she took it down. 

She subsequently had it framed and hangs it in the kitchen. Its a fun story that kept my aunt and I, one of her 12 nephews, closer than we normally would for the last 20-or-so years.
I can only imagine the chore chart as a child
Friggin' Sarah can't drive her self?

Fuck Sarah.
I use a different method. It's called "winging it" and it works pretty well. I also use a thing called "ordering people around" the day of, if you show up during meal prep time, you are working for me. Period. Even if that job is to refill my drink, you will be put to work.
There is an awful lot of down time while the turkey is in the oven.  She should use her time more efficiently (by baking more pies!)
I have some grave concerns about the iced tea.
Can she do 23 guests?
That looks like the planning of a lady you don't wanna fuck with on Thanksgiving day.


This is great!  Last year my mom and I made the mistake of putting about 5 dishes in the oven all at the same time (her oven is huge so they all fit).  Clearly, this cooled the oven down and things didn't cook as fast.  Lesson learned
#Hero
I'm gay, but I would marry your mother.
My version...

&amp;nbsp;

**Drink &amp; Watch Football-----------------&gt;** **Drink--------&gt;**                                      
*9am*|----------------------------Eat------------|  *9pm*

&amp;nbsp;
It seems like a very sound planning strategy.  I bet your thanksgiving meal is wonderful.
Your mother sounds awesome!
thanksgiving game is strong ... i just use a list with times:item format

will have to start going this way
I use color-coded postits on the kitchen cabinets - a Kitchen Kanban board.

Dinner for 15 including a smoked turkey, two kinds of gravy, oven dressing, two kinds of cranberry sauce, 8 vegetable dishes and two kinds of dessert can be challenging.
Cool. Casey neistat -I think that's how you spell it- did the same thing for his thanksgiving video. Loved it then too, gonna have to try it. :-)
A wise man once said, "Everyone has a plan 'til they get punched in the mouth."  In my experience the Thanksgiving version of this is, "Everyone has a plan until they down their fifth glass of Beaujolais Nouveau halfway through prepping the turkey."
 
This is gorgeous!
please xpost to /r/dataisbeautiful, I think they might appreciate it.
It's the gobbler Gantt
[How my mom plans Thanksgiving](http://imgur.com/gallery/wW6Fn0i/new)

 ^^^I ^^^wish ^^^my ^^^mom ^^^was ^^^more ^^^like ^^^yours
Here's a google docs remake of you mom's spreadsheet.

Thanks for sharing! Very neat!

https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1e2X3ZZ3yKS01eUdULMudzJVvGl0aGODA-DLazPRfnDk/edit?usp=sharing

File &gt; Make a copy lets you make your own editable copy
I'm picturing someone looking like Angela Lansbury doing all these tasks and it's a very pleasant visual :D
9:30 to 12:30 and all she's doing is setting the table? Sounds like that's mom's time to toke up.
Can your Mama look into dismantling ISIS/ISIL next?

Thanks.
In Australia we obviously dont have thanksgiving but I am hosting my first Christmas I have 20 guests coming and this is inspirational. I started making lists in September but now I will need to make a time chart.
That's nice. But can we talk about stove burner allocation? And temperature variability? http://i.imgur.com/IwbjLQs.png
This will never get answered but wth. Is anyone going to help your poor mother?
Your mom is my hero
YOU THINK THIS IS A GAME?! - your mum
/r/dataisbeautiful would love this.
One of my titles is 'Lady of the Lists' AND I love a good spreadsheet AND I love to cook and plan a gathering - this is a thing of beauty!
I do all that in my head.  I put the whole potatoes in with the turkey.  Then after an hour I take them out and scoop out the potatoes and mash them with butter, milk and chicken stock.  I make the stuffing on the stove top and the green bean casserole both of which are simple.  Make the cranberry sauce from fresh cranberries sugar and water, super simple.  Make the gravy from the turkey drippings with flour and chickenstock.  Everything is in covered dishes which I microwave before putting them on the table.  Strain the gravy, carve the turkey in the kitchen and arrange it on a platter.  I make the pies the day before.  Apple and pumpkin. I use the pumpkin that has been sitting on my porch since Thanksgiving.  I cut it in quarters, bake it for an hour then blend the pumpkin meat with whole milk and reduce it for like 3 hours till it is just meal.  I add pumpkin seasoning, brown sugar and and egg, put it in a pre-made graham cracker crust.  One small pumpkin makes about 3 pies.  It's the best pumpkin pie in  the world.  For the apple I use golden delicious, brown sugar, cinnamon and cornstarch. I make the crust from scratch.  Been doing this on and off for 20 years.  It's fun.  Also....my friends love me.
I used to use a spreadsheet too. [But then I wrote this instead](http://imgur.com/SbD39f8):

- Timer, alarm and visual indication of where you are in each task
- Shows 3 next steps, current tasks, and three last steps
- Drag and Drop each task to build your order
- Selectable end time
- Critical path analysis

What it doesn't have (but will do soon) is colour coding for hobs ovens everything goes on - I like that feature.
People make thanksgiving dinner day-of? How come no one par-cooks the day before? It's how restaurants operate...
This is why it's infuriating when my husband plops down to watch football, and yells over his shoulder "Need help with anything?". UMMM YEAH!  but hey, that's ok, I have two open slots all day where I can shower and maybe sit down. GRRRRRR.
If she didn't wash the china twice, I bet she'd have time to make me some corn bread.  Also, Sarah should take an uber.  She can stop on he way and get the stuff for cornbread. 
It takes an hour to set the table?
Pretty savvy for a woman who thinks 15 o'clock is a real time.
Needs more microwave.
I'd like to see the Gantt chart your mom made before you were born.
[Casey Neistat did the same](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XKm2ojjvS4g) 
Fantastic work, mom. Show me early start/early finish times with total float and have it on my desk in an hour. 
You should x-post this to /r/projectmanagement.
She cooks the turkey for too long. Try a higher temp and use the spatchcock method.

We are hiring Project managers. When can she interview?
You need to get her a copy of Microsoft Project as a Christmas present. She'll be in heaven.

But give it to her early so she can get working on plans for Christmas dinner.
I don't even plan my day, and she plans cooking dinner so detailed. I am impressed.
Tell her to cook two 17 pound turkeys. Less cook time, less dry.
My moms family just wings it.  The target is usually 1pm, but it always comes out closer to 5pm.  That's with 6 women in the kitchen, just two of them are drunk.  I would like to see some of this organization brought to our event.  A computer might freak them out, but a nice big whiteboard would be within reason.
My mom just falls asleep drunk :( I guess you win the parent lottery
Showed my IT mother this.."There is a flaw! I don't see the 'drink a glass of wine' task" 
Is she a line producer? 
I thought that was insane until I saw how many were coming.

Then I started wondering why it didn't include prepping the seating, setting the tables, ensuring there were enough plates, pressing the linen - and of course there's the clean up and leftover parsing.

..or did you forget to upload the *other* charts?
Does she need a job she can come work for me we do this daily and her game is strong
So I love your mom
Cool- She must be a PM

mom is on point!
Hope she doesn't forget to pick up Sarah
Help her out as much as you can. I wish I could still do that together with my mother. And if you do not like cooking, clean the house for her. Mothers love to please but managing an household by yourself during holidays is a lot of work.So helping out will make her feeling lucky about her family. I am serious, it will make up for at least 2 stupid moves from your side in '16.
Needs more crockpot
33lb birds actually have a ton of bones, much like smaller &lt;10lb birds. The sweet spot is 15-26, two 16/18 would likely yield more meat, then again it's all about what there is time to prep/fits in the oven. 
I've seen actual project managers, employed on six figure Salaries do a much worse job of planning things than this.
Your mom must play a lot of Prison Architect.
Your mother is PMP certified
Does she have PMP?
Fucking Sarah... Always have to pick Sarah up from somewhere...
Is your mother PMP certified? 
"make gravy"

Glad your parents built in a break
I notice Tom is handling the Rolls and Celery, which means he's not to be trusted. I bet she has back up rolls and celery. 
You gantt be serious right now...
It's like the grown up version of [this girl.](https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/3s1b5g/my_daughter_cleaned_up_really_well_after_her/)

Except your mom wouldn't care that the list was found.
Your mother is my soulmate. Do you want a really young step-mom?
OP, your mom seems strongly organized, but I bet she completely blows a gasket if you even THINK about using the wrong fork for the wrong course. 

Seriously though, props to a well organized mom.
Is she a showrunner?
HOLY SH*T!!!!

I bet the "min turkey size" cell is dynamic, based on "#people attending". Has to be!!
Whoever said women shouldn't have computers in the kitchen, here is your rebuttal.
Everybody is commenting about how the Gantt chart makes them feel stressful.  Fact of the matter is, effective planning reduces stress.  Source... am a Dad.
Who's seting the table so damn slow!?
This reminds me of my dad.

One of my chores when I was living back home was to go to the bakery Saturday morning and get bread and cake for the weekend
So, naturally, on Friday there would be an Excel document opened with a list of all the people in the house over the weekend, and all the items on sale in the bakery. Everyone would then enter the amount of buns or pastries they wanted. The document would automatically calculate the price, and an automated print job would print out the list Saturday morning with a list of things to get and how much the total was, which I then brought to the bakery.

He's German. And an engineer. Because of course he is.
I don't see start fire, watch parade or yell at TV on that list. 
I'm not going to lie -- if you're cooking for that many people, you really do need something like this. Even a gathering of 12 would benefit from this timing chart. 


*Grabs bottle of Jim Beam from store...thinks better of it...grabs two bottles of Jim Beam from store* - How my mother plans for Thanksgiving dinner.
As a software development manager, I like the cut of her jib. 10/10 would chart again.
It's so beautiful...
Give your mom a hug for me
Thats a serious gantt chart
"Hey alanpop, do you mind giving me a hand with the potatoes??"

"But mom!!! Karma is worth money now!"
My old project management prof would probably jizz in his pants if he saw this beauty gant chart
This smells like a career in operations or project management...
Considering that there are 22 people attending, you'd think people would bring at least some of the stuff.
This is awesome. I'm 30 and starting to do this on my own. My friends will really appreciate this. 
where is "destroy ISIS"?
Ah the ol' gant chart! Sounds like someone works in logistics operations...
Sarah must be pretty damn important. 
whiskey? 

Just like the Pilgrims did it!
Nothing like a good Gantt chart to keep on schedule 
This is the kind of over-planning that gives me an ulcer when people need to be flexible and roll with something not going right. I hope it all goes well! I know my mom would turn into a whirlwind of death if she planned to that level and things started to fall apart. She is not flexible and go-with-the-flow at all. 

Just thinking about having to execute Thanksgiving like I am at work makes me ill. I couldn't even enjoy the holiday at that point. 
That is trim, tight, and really terrific.
Right down to the military time. 
can I rent her?
That truly is a thing of beauty. If only my project managers could deliver a chart as well detailed as your mum's, my job would be so much easier. 
Is she a systems engineer?
And here I am only washing my china once, like a slob
I thought the turkey breast goes in thecrockpot two weeks prior, and that the turkey is in the oven for five and a half weeks.
Cooking is 90% timing, 10% seasoning.
She miscounted the guest list. I'm coming, so add another pound to the bird also.

Sarah is having Thanksgiving dinner. Sarah uses the equation x + 11 = t, where x = number of guests and t = turkey, in pounds. If Sarah is having 22 guests for Thanksgiving dinner, how many pounds of turkey should she buy?
Your mom is a chef?
OP, on behalf of Mothers everywhere, I salute your Mom.
As a (former) chef I do a lot of similar planning but more is in my head. But she's a smart, extremely organized, lady. 

Edit: and soufflés are hard gotta have good planning 
An hour to set the table?! I'd like to see that finished project. Better be whittling it from a solid block. 
I wonder if her life planning skills have transferred onto you?
I hope Sarah knows how lucky she was to make the fucking list this year. 
Do they make 33 lbs turkeys?
My mom does the same thing. Except it's all in her head.
Y NO MICROSOFT PROJECT
This is a beautiful thing, thank you for sharing.
My family held Thanksgiving for an entire college hockey team + staff at our house. Me and my pops NAILED it. I'm convinced we could run a catering business. 
Make applesauce? Whuuuuuut?
How my mother plans for Thanksgiving:

"Hon, can you pick up some chicken and gravy from KFC on your way home from work? I'll make stovetop and dig out the [Chinet disposable plates](http://www.walmart.com/ip/Chinet-Cut-Crystal-Plastic-Plates-10-8-count/15716552)
Genius ...I may just take this idea :)
Crockpot feels left out this year. 
Mom's an Engineer.
33 lbs turkey! That's one Big Bird.
I admire that military precision
please tell her she washes the china twice. she should really go with the 'just in time' approach. godspeed
I only cook for a small group, 4-8, but I have been doing the same thing for years. I just finished this year's timeline this evening. (Yes, I have been a project manager,) but I swear by this method. Dinner is always done on-time and there is no second guessing. Kudos to your mom!
[How I plan for Thanksgiving](http://imgur.com/QZiVFPK)
Literally saving this and using it forever
Buy your mother Microsoft Project for Thanksgiving. 
This is great! This EXACTLY how to lay out what you're doing, how long each thing takes, and how to make it all come together at the correct time. Kudos to your Mom!
Your mom is like the Rodney of stargate of thanksgiving.
She should have a formula to calculate the turkey size based on number of people.

Cell M54: (=M53*1.5)

Next up: Microsoft Project.
Yay! I just planned my Thanksgiving thanks to this. Does she have a grocery list I can use too?
Thanksgantting
Hug that woman.
I guess I'm not the only one to copy this for my own holiday meal.  
Lemme guess.  Is she a project manager?
number of people attending: 22? Mom is smart makin' a chart!
I'm just saying, any candidate in either aisle could win the election with a single one of your mom's thanksgiving dinner charts.

"How will you defeat ISIS?", "I'm glad you asked, pull up a seat, here are our current military...."

Actually, can we write your mom in on a particular primary?
My mom seems so lazy to me now
No oven temperature deconfliction?  Or is it a double oven?  Never mind.  Her game is strong I am certain this was not overlooked.  
Tell your mother I'm copying her format for my cooking classes in culinary school. 
This looks almost exactly like the post production schedules we made in reality TV. 
Why are there no plans for drinking? Who doesn't drink and cook at the same time, especially when family is over!
Yo man, I'm Tryna come to this feast. 
Project manager here, this is a great plan and all but what happens when the potato's call in sick, parts department orders you the wrong type of oil, and the oven quits working at 11:15am?
"Wash China" there is a lot of people and things to wash there!!!  :)

I hope the turkey weight is a calculation based on the number of people attending
You got linked on Mashable http://mashable.com/2015/11/18/thanksgiving-mom-spreadsheet/#ErQLhFvgDiqz
Please give your mother a huuuuuge thank you from me. This is helping so much, I was getting stressed out trying to envision how this is all supposed to happen because I'm hosting my in-laws this year, so it's a lot trickier than just making a pie and going to someone else's place. Thank you alanpep's mother!
This soothes me. 
What is good for the goose is good for the Gantter.
I feel like I need to print this out, this makes my life feel more structured.
Looks like a Gantt formatted project management spreadsheet for Excel. We use these frequently in my line of work in IT-as-a-Service. 
That's a serious planning
All of that just to have the meal ready at the least reasonable time.  Who thought 3 pm was a good idea for a meal?
What kind of iced tea takes 30min to prepare?
No fucking way, is that a GANTT chart?!
Dads chart: Watch Football |-----------------------------------------------------------------|
OP, are you the daughter who threw a party when your parents were away and you had a chart for getting the party ready?
Those are fucking adorable.
hehehe, butt cookies.
I need this amazing recipe. Please!
Peach butts! Those are my favorite cookies ever, I had no idea they had peach schnapps in them. Pittsburgh weddings are pretty serious about cookies too - every wedding has a cookie table. And sometimes there's peach butts.
We called those peach bums when I was growing up...
I would eat one of those cookies! I think my grandmother made  those for Christmas eve. She gave each kid a cookie and a poem she wrote. Sometimes you would get the same poem twice. Once I pointed it out and she said that I was meant to get that poem this year. After she died my aunt tried to keep the tradition alive and recycled fortunes from fortune cookies. The cookies tasted different and the fortunes weren't the same as the poems. My dad went through my grandparents computer when he was doing taxes and he found all of my grandmother's recipes and poems. So now every Christmas I think about my Grandmother as I eat my cookie and read my poem.  
By the end my jaw had dropped. These are awesome. 
They make something very similar in Bulgaria, except apricot sized and the filling is fruit paste. I'd love to try these ones!
*Sees picture immediately after dye*
"Wow, what fugly cookies"
*Sees final product*
"Sheeeeeeeeiiiit!"
That came together so nicely! 
Recipe please? OP? Please?
After watching my future mother in law spend three days making these demonic cookies for her parents' 50th anniversary all I can say as a swede is I'm one lucky motherfucker for marrying into a family of tradition-rich Italians. 
My mom calls them breskvice. I thought they were Serbian cookies.. must be Euro in general! Yay!
Damn
They taste like your biting into a ball of sugar w sugar on top with a hint of fruit. Didn't know they were made with alcohol but turns out most Italian sweets are. Is this Italian-italian or North American Italian cuz they have these at pretty much every Italian wedding in North America...
Italians don't do, and have no idea what bridal showers are.(American married an Italian, maybe you mean Italian American?, also maybe you are from the south, which has a totally different culture that I am not aware of from Venice)
I can't believe I used to live in this world without knowing these things existed... Those look amazing!
You can make the leaf out of marzipan if you want to make everything edible!
Oh man. Here in Toronto, I work at the castle Casa Loma. 

At some weddings, they would serve these. And during table clearing there would be several untouched and we'd sneak them to the back.

They are boner inducing ass shudderingly good.
Romanians make them too, but we call them "piersici" (peaches) and commonly dip them in red and green coloring.   Also,  in the Romanian Pentecostal community,  alcohol is not ingested,  so they are kind of a tasteless cookie and I don't really like them.   Peach schnapps, however, would make them delicious! 
Italians never fuck around when it comes to food.
What region of Italy?
Omgosh, my jaw is dropped! Seriously, my thinking process was like "oh... uhmmm, well that's an interesting take on cookies... At least they're unique.... I mean, I wouldn't pick them for my own wedding, but, uhh... OH MY GOSH THOSE ARE FUCKING PRECIOUS!" honestly, props to the whole group, those are beautiful! 
Thise look awesome! Only change I would make is the plastic stems. People are stupid and would probably choke on it and sue. 
Years ago I was in Rome for a month in the summer, used to eat something extremely similar to this every day but I never knew (or even asked) what it was, I just knew that it was delicious. These look incredible!!
Those are my favorite! Loved when my grandma would make them. She used to fill them with chocolate and rum and the leftover crumbs from the middle. It was a sort of paste/cream :)
Whoa, definitely on my must try list now. They look delicious and adorable as heck.
I just got more and more impressed. I love this!
I want to point out that in Italy they're made with [Alchermes](http://www.baspesa.it/239/alchermes-21-carsetti-cl-50.jpg), a liquor, instead of red food coloring.
I could eat a peach for hours.... 
I think us americans could learn a thing or two by taking anything creative seriously. This is how it should be. why do we consider stuff like this serious effort? We are so fucking insecure about putting effort into anything creative.
Gimme
You mean american people who's great grandparents used to live in Italy?
I've never felt this way about a pastry before.
Why is it called a shower if they don't really shower?
Wow. Those are so beautiful! 
modified recipe.   Soak cookies in vodka, drink vodka.  
My love handles are quivering in anticipation.
i wish those stems were chocolate
My godfather's wife used to make these they're the fucking best!
This was of little surprise to me, but oh my god did I love the take on this classic recipe. I learned about these cookies from Hispanic heritage, only later finding out that their non Spanish name is "Italian wedding cookies" so when I saw "Italian" and "wedding" in the topic, I expected a gourmet variation of the cookie I know and love. Typically these are served with just the first step done, but instead of a deep pit you just press your thumb on them to put a little indent, and sprinkle the batch with powdered sugar. The way the body of this cookie just melts in your mouth is like no other, and i salivated just looking at those pics imagining them filled with a delicious fruity cream. I hope you at least tried them if you didn't make them yourself, as the high flour content of these cookies really makes them unique, I just love them.
At first I was upset about the dye bleeding to the other half but then realized that makes them perfect.  Cool pastries! 
$10 says someone eats a plastic stem.
I've been to about 100 Italian weddings and bridal showers in my life and I've never seen these cookies before. I feel like I've missed out my whole life. I guess this isn't a thing in the area of Sicily my family comes from. Damn, I want one! 
Looks like 360° ass.
There is no such thing as bridal showers in Italy
I'm Italian and these show up at almost every event i go to (from birthdays to weddings). Though they're probably my least favourite of the Italian desserts, they look pretty elaborate, I must say. 
Once again, Italy has made me hungry. 
These are beautiful!
nutsack
Can confirm. BIL's wife comes from an Italian family and threw me an Alice in Wonderland themed bridal shower. They made everything from scratch to fit the theme and it was amazing!
Where can I get those little stems! Oh goodness... I need to make these!
Here's one [recipe](http://www.italianfoodforever.com/2011/11/peach-cookies-for-rose-anne/) that looks good!
Want.
Recipe?

Does the schnapps affect the flavor at all? 
I had no idea what to expect, and wow. Pinterest would go nuts for these. Amazing job!
I want that cookie cracked open so we can see the money shot!
These are really cute and look delicious, it seems like it'd be easier to color them before you put the cream inside though :0
taste the rainbow instead
Yummy 😝
Reminds me of fuzzy peaches (though probably tastes a lot different)
Good looking! I could see those growing on trees!
Frank's home town fav 
I seriously didn't know what to expect, and then when I saw the transformation after the food coloring I was AMAZED! These are beautiful!
And the chef? None other than Seymour Butts.
Once the stems went on... Wowza!
Peach bums! These were my favourite as a kid :) and yes there were many at my wedding shower this past May. 
I loved making these in pastry school.
I was clicking through the slideshow "This is ridiculous, those look ridiculous." And then the stems. Damn those look incredible. Nicely done. 
https://youtu.be/wYX_zhlTDr8
not too messy if you do it in an assembly line manner.  I made these and dipped them in peach brandy.  They're a really impressive and very tasty cookie. 
Oh my goodness these look so perfect!
im hungry
Whaaaat
I feel like a savage scrolling through the the album and wanting to eat the pre-ready food
I've had these before. They're delicious.
They look just like the one my zia makes. I can eat 15 of those in one sitting, they are so good.
Isgro's in Philadelphia makes these. I had no idea you could make them at home. They are delicious!
Oh, so THEY'RE the ones that take bridal showers seriously. 
Fabulous.
those are some damn plump peaches 
Am Croatian and we make these too! except for the filling we use the discarded cookie bits from the middle, and mix it with cocoa, sugar and hazelnuts
My old neighbour was a little Italian nonna and she used to make these. I *crave* them, years later. 
Fabulous.
I need to put these in &amp; around my mouth. Srsly. 
We have the same thing in Ukrainian/Russian culture for weddings and showers! :)
My Grandma makes these as well! I'm not sure if they are a primarily Italian thing as she is Scottish but still very delicious! 
Peaches! One of the best things to eat at an italian wedding.
Omg the italian peach butts my favouriteeee
Best part of the wedding tbh (also amaretto cookies) 
Are these soft cookies?  Hard and crunchy?  I'm trying to get a sense of what they would taste like.
Beautiful!
I still can't get over how something as incredible and creative as this can be in the same sub's front page as the fucking adult lunchables cracker plate.
They take RICH bridal showers very seriously. They didn't show you the crusted mountains of cake slop from Mommacullo Torrenté's bakery... 
Know what I mean? 
A local Italian bakery of mine makes these. I tried one out of curiosity. It was so light and the texture was perfect. I was pleasantly surprised.
Amazing!
My favorite.

Next: How to eat dat Georgia peach.
Dat ass tho.

^^Please ^^tell ^^me ^^i'm ^^not ^^the ^^only ^^one ^^who ^^saw ^^that
It looked good until the dye and sugar
They make something very similar in Bulgaria, except apricot sized and the filling is fruit paste. I'd love to try these ones!
It looks really good and delicious! Love the colours of it.
Me...
Those are cookies? O_o
Wtf
Wait..
WOOOOOAH those are peaches!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SYbc2AmgLmw
nice
Yeah, I'm going to need to eat all of those.
Any non-alcoholic substitute for schnapps?
The plastic stems look out of place. 
Awesome cookies OP.  I made some of these for a school project a few years ago except I replaced the inside with Nutella. 
Those are awesome looking!
And wouldn't ya know it? My half Italian / half Irish woman just wants to eat and drink. I chose poorly. She is hot as Hell but sometimes I want someone to make me, " something good."
They look so chewy! I would bite into one expecting a chewy candy instead of cookie
Damn
my mum makes these every Christmas!
These are very common in Slavic culture...
Well shiet, I need me some Italian friends. 
It would have just a bit better if they had made the stems from chocolate instead of plastic.
Italian do not have bridal showers. Nice cookies though 
Recipe please? 
My mom used to make these quite often. Loved them. Thanks for the reminder. I forgot about those already.
As someone who has Italian heritage, I can say these are fucking delicious. 
Why not something healthier? Like an ACTUAL peach?
the beloved online resource for all things trendy and affordable, is launching a bridal line.
WHAT ARE THOSSSSEEEE
Simple to prepare and can yield many.
They should be handed out at the beach 
Actually, there is no such thing as bridal shower in Italy. Btw, those look really good and similiar to those you can find here.
Source: I'm Italian living in Italy.
These look amazing!!!!!!
The best! Thanks for sharing! I live Italians. I hope the invasion won't break up the aweeesome culture 
As an italian, I'm proud of this being on the front page
In my region (Abruzzo, Italy) we fill the peches with nutella and wet with alchermes liquor:

http://blog.giallozafferano.it/ilchiccodimais/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/Finte-pesche-dolci-all%E2%80%99alchermes-ricetta-il-chicco-di-mais.jpg
TIL cookie tables and wedding showers are a good thing. Gonna implement this @ soon to be SIL's shower!! I'll earn IRL karma from them 
Wow very seriously!
My wife is Italian and we've been to two of her cousin's (all her relatives still live in Italy) weddings. Each time the appetizers, main courses, and desserts were amazing. "Italian Wedding Soup" only exists in America's grocery stores.
Is there a link to the recipe?
is it just me, or does the finished product look like a pair of... marital testimonies...
The recipe most of the times (in my part of Italy, Emilia-Romagna) is a bit different. You dip the cookie in a red liquor called Alchermes, which is famous for getting its colour from a parasite, see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alchermes
I thought the thumbnail was the starting ingredient!
For fucks sake, *want*
"Let them drip dry"... hell yea 
Is this similar to a pati choux recipe? I've made cream puffs numerous times, but mine never looked quite that perfectly smooth. 
These things are very, very tasty. Growing up in an Italian family I had a great aunt that would make these all the time. Imagine the best éclair you've ever had. Multiply that by 7.
My grandmother makes these, and when I was young I couldn't help but think k they looked like butts more than peaches. Still ate them tho
Ah ah, it's ok :)
It's a butt
it looks like a butt.
first legit lol of the day. nice work. 
Once the stems went on... Wowza!
Jimmy the Juiceman Peachy Strawberry is pretty damn good
Yummy 😝
Peaches, cream ... and guacamoll. For your health.
At first I was growing up...
Those are yummy, I usually make them with dolce de lechee cream and out a walnut for the seed.
I've seen something very similar at the Russian store, is there a Russian version of this or were they just selling trashy Italian cookies? 
They look like little nut sacks. 
They look like a butt with a leaf sticking out of it 
You can make the leaf out of marzipan if you want to make everything edible!
Italians take all family events very seriously
I wanna try my hand at these. Does anyone know what the shelf life is like? I would need to make them like a couple days ahead of time.
Those look crazy good
"Look Lisa: a nice healthy apple."

"But it's made out of ham cubes!"
Do you mean Italian or American trying to be interesting?
These are so cute.  Are they peach flavored too?

BRB, flying across the country to go see Grandma and get some peach balls.  God damn I didn't realise how much I missed them till I saw this.
Is it wrong that these just look like little pink bums to me.
Those things are so damn good.  That filling is rich as hell.
wow, my mom makes those like atleast once a month. They are delicious btw.  And we aren't even Italian lol.
La pêche!
Recipe plz !!!!!
[deleted]
Do they not have peaches in Italy?  Because, peaches aren't bifurcated.
why are peaches and cream cookies an indicator that italians take bridal showers seriously. looks great and all. but i think your limiting our ethnicity when you put it like that.
"Cookies"? That's choux pastry turned into profite rolls for a crocenbush. 
bridegojira in the house
Ugg, would blueberry dipping be more appropriate ...?
So making food = taking bridal showers seriously?  
Too bad red #40 and yellow #5 both contain known carcinogens: https://cspinet.org/new/pdf/food-dyes-rainbow-of-risks.pdf
[Somewhat relevant](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UAZIT2hLyAU)
This is why I hate italians. You act like you're so special. Literally every bridal shower ever has desserts. Why did you feel the need to say you are Italian before showing a picture of desserts? 
"bridal shower"? clicked on all the images expecting another use for those delicious looking foods.
These look good, and extremely suggestive, but I still like Macaróns better. 
enjoy your jizz filled ass donuts.
The ass was fat. 
The end result is super cute, but why are some people handling the cookies without gloves? Eek! 😣
Italians take diabetic showers very diabetically, diabetes and diabetes diabetics. 
Plastic stem is a terrible idea.

Choking hazard.

Very nice cookie, though!
[Umm. I can eat a peach for hours](https://youtu.be/61zpe1FylbY)
This makes me want to go buy rolls and rolls of puff pastry! It is the baking equivalent of frying onions and garlic before adding it to jarred marinara. Easy as fuck and everyone thinks you are a culinary genius when it is done.
Any recipes? These look both delicious and beautiful. 
swastika pastries are my favorite
I look forward to the /r/ExpectationVsReality post when someone tries this.
I can't wait to cook these up for my next boyfriend and look like a pastry wizard!

Or I'll die alone with this image saved to my phone, one of the two. 
Is it legal to marry a pastry? I've never seen something so beautiful
Or you could do a hexaflexagon burrito
What is the filling?
The third one (the "swastika") actually works better if you do not cut straight from the corners since doing so gives you too "sharp" heads for the pastry and they tend to burn more easily. It is better to cut a little away from the corners [like so](http://imgur.com/hYxUm2V). I know because I make them every year.
I hate those pastries with so much dough without filling, and some little amount of it in the middle. Bullshit. First one is fine though
I wonder what they would look like if *I* tried to do that. 
Saving for when I eventually make muh first pastry. 
So op, I up voted your post... Does that mean I get a pastry from you?
What kind of dough are they using?
Saving for thanksgiving. Thanks.
i prefer it better as chewed mush in my stomach
This is making me wonder if I can do origami with pastries and then bake them. I guess I'd need to leave holes for air to exit or they'd prob explode though.
Beautiful! Is there a site where these methods are so I can bookmark it for the future?
http://imgur.com/0Z1UzCw I made the triangle one with sweet dough, cream cheese icing, and raspberries at the bakery.
Now I'm dying for a pasty
It's not a pastry it's a pie

Anything baked is a pie
As someone who watch The Great British Bake Off in Netflix, I approve of this post.
wow i want to make all of these
What kind of cream is being used under the fruits?
Geometry ftw
These are gorgeous. Thanks!
Wait where's the gooey cheese ending?
Now *this* sort of post adds so much more to my repertoire than the popular infogfx posters that look good but aren't functional.  

If anyone has/knows any similar, I am all eyes.  
I think greggs would sell out of sausage rolls instantly if they did number 1.
I want to try this, what type of cheese should I use?
Thumbnail looks like a sloth or slow loris. 
NOM!
I read pasta and was really confused...
Was your father burly and your mother the size of a house? 
Step one: have pastry 

:(
So what's the white stuff on them? Butter, cream cheese, custard?
There will be a "nailed it?" post in response to this.
I'm going to try this and probably fail horribly at it.
If you're going to serve the third one to people, make sure you've really got the right technique to get the perfect shape. Can't really afford to get that one a little wrong.
I like the first one because I like a surprise secret filling when I eat something.
I'm not even kidding I could smell them.
Wow, such a simple thing makes such a big difference in the outcome of the food
I need more fruit pastries in my life. 
Saving this, 'cause I'm always folding pastries and whatnot.


^^^^(JK, ^^^I'm ^^^saving ^^^it ^^^but ^^^I'll ^^^never ^^^look ^^^at ^^^it ^^^again...)
Love this! I've recently started baking more and this post has definitely given me some ideas
As A baker I say to buy the Danish pastry to make these because Danish pastry is so fiddly to make, all those cutting and folding is fun and easy. what also looks nice is to cut a square and fold the two corners to the middle we use that for ham and cheese and you can do swirls where you put your filling on a sheet and roll it then cut it into circles . I assume people can get Danish sheets in there country and have not found a place in Australia.(so I borrow from work)
I mean, I think I could come up with the last one. 3/4
Those pictures are so satisfying to look at.
Fuck I'm hungry now. 
Puff pastry is just the best, miss cooking with it so much, I really need to try and buy some so I can try this!
Would that first method be a good way to do a beef Wellington? I've always thought the rolling didn't give it as much pizzaz as it deserves
Those strawberry swastikas look delicious
ORYX HAS RISEN
Danish pastries are literally my favourite. I miss them lol =(
http://i.imgur.com/Kv6KJIg.png
Perfect for AirBnB guests!
this is great. guarantee that heart strawberry one will get me laid at some point. going to try to make some of these.
Would that first method be a good way to do a beef Wellington? I've always thought the rolling didn't give it as much pizzaz as it deserves
Can't wait for someone on reddit to try this and ends up looking like shit on the front page. 
I need more fruit pastries in Australia are counter-clockwise.
What is that filling made of?
That first big picture reminds me of Zopf. Mmmm.. Makes for a delicious Sunday breakfast
My flatmates will thank you for inspiring me to make desert tonight
I want to bake now!
basically, it's danish pastry. It's posted all over the internet, if you care to look. So stop crying about 'repost'..
Good to know! I'll definitely try this
Time to ... turnover a new leaf
Beautiful
This looks interesting.... dammit now im hungry 
I need to do this... 
Yum Goddammit!!
Did anyone else find it odd that they are *apparently* starting with the top left, but in the next pic it was started with the top right? 

Magic pastries!!! *Are you ready?*
Aaaaaaand I've forgotten them all.
Such a headturner. 
Yum Goddammit!!
I've used the first technique with homemade pizza dough to make calzones. Usually impresses the heck out of guests and turns out very nicely. Plus then it winds up being portable, so it's good for picnics.
Go! Strawberry Shuriken! 
Beautiful, I may try this this weekend I have the puff pastry in the freezer now.
Would that first method be a good way to do a beef Wellington? I've always thought the rolling didn't give it as much pizzaz as it deserves
This is glorious. 

I now want to make pistachio pastries.
needs moar cream cheese
That's a lot of work for something that's going to be poo tomorrow morning.
Yeah, you're not fooling anybody with that second-to-last design, Adolf.
**saved**
I'd rather just fold it into my gaping, grateful swallow-hole.
This is what I'm talking about r/food.  Great post.  We don't need any more posts showing new ways to put cheese on a potato.  
After everyone saying that all these step making images are impossible or something like that, I just lost hope in them and think they are bs
A few easy ways to fold your PUFF pastry beautifully.

FTFY 
Is that cream cheese, custard or something else?
FTFY: http://i.imgur.com/bzWnquS.jpg
I see how the 3rd one could be folded wrong lol
Does vegan creamcheese bake as well as normal creamcheese? 
Oh god yeah fold that dirty little pastry
Can I see something like this for pigs in blanket?
Anyone have a recipe for the cream filling?

Also I've seen a lot of comments saying this is croissant dough not puff pastry. Can that be bought in most supermarkets? If not can I buy it anywhere?
Does vegan creamcheese bake as well as normal creamcheese? 
The thumbnail looks like a Slow Loris
We always make the swastika mince pies in X-mas. Oh, the time is coming soon :)
No matter how I fold it I end up with diabetes 
My pastry? I have never once had or even seen a pastry.
It always looks better before it is baked somehow.
Dane here. Last one is acceptable the others are not. -.-
The swastika looks delicious
Now show me swastika ones.
Swastika fold is a little bit shady tho
I want to get fat, but in an 'artsy' way. this is perfect.
I expected the one with the strawberry to be a swastika.
Weibo.com?

Lulz
The third one starts out as an iron cross, and ends as a swastika.
Fruit danishes look like swastikas.  I work in a bakery as well, and ours look like this too.
Are these just done with a normal puff pastry?
I was waiting for a swastika to pop in.
What kind of dough do I need to use for these?
Wait how do u go from step 3 to step 4?
[Source](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ)
That strawberry swastika looks delicious.
i seriously thought this was a furby in the thumbnail.
Top kek I have this book at home
Did you give credit to the original poster or credit to the link you pulled this from?  My son made these two years ago.
What's the cheese that's being used here, marscapone? 
Cool
Can i just say, the second one is wrong.
Tried making to hear ended up making tiny rolls with butter,sugar,and Cinnamon
Culinary student here... My pastry chef instructor did all of these purely from memory
Anybody else see the swastika?
Wow, thank you so much for this. I've always had such a difficult shaping/folding my pastries. Can't wait to bake again soon!
And here's an easy way to make your pastry a little healthier: 

http://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/whole-wheat-pastry-dough-recipe.html
The swastika strawberry tart is always a favorite!
I want to fuck all of that food
The first one looks good.  The last three look like shit.
I feel like Weibo is where Reddit gets a lot of its content now. 
I like the swastika
[deleted]
Hmm the one that looks like intestines, the one that looks like a scary alien nun, the one that looks like a swastika or the one that looks like a spider-sloth?

THE POSSIBILITIES ARE TOO SPOOKY!
Rrrrreeeeeeeppppppoooooossssssttttt
I doubt this is real.
These are all flaky a gross looking... I'd expect to take one bite and be overwhelmed by the dry flaky pasty and underwhelmed burnt looking fruit. 
The third one transitions interestingly from an iron cross to a swastika....
Thanks, Pinterest reddit.
My favorite part is after she knocks her down, the ref swings her around.  She acts so nochalant as she smiles and pops out her mouth guard.  She goes from intense fight mode, to *not at all resisting* the ref.  The self control is amazing. 

 Out of context you would never guess she just gave a beatdown to someone.
Why u making swastikas huh? Tiny swastika pastries for your Nazi bitches eh
Recipe please.
Tearin' my suit
not enough espresso/amaretto!, i can see it from here
There's layers to this stick, player. Tiramisu.
 I'm over here in my unit, isolated and alone, eating my terrible tasting food, and I have to look over at that. That looks like the most fun I've ever seen in my entire life, and it's B.S. - excuse my language. I'm just saying that I wash and dry; I'm like a single mother. Look, we all know home-ec is a joke—no offense—it's just that everyone takes this class to get an A, and it's bullshit—and I'm sorry. I'm not putting down your profession, but it's just the way I feel. I don't want to sit here, all by myself, cooking this shitty food—no offense—and I just think that I don't need to cook tiramisu. When am I gonna need to cook tiramisu? Am I going to be a chef? No. There's three weeks left of school, give me a fuckin' break! I'm sorry for cursing.
Tiramistick
"Tiramisu on a Stick"...sounds like something a parent would say in effort to not swear in front of their child.
There's layers to this shit playa.
It's from the planet where everything is on a stick. Don't worry Morty, it's safe. 
I still like Jalapeño on a Shtick..
[deleted]
This person needs to run in the next election, they clearly have great ideas. 
"when the fuck am I going to have to know how to make tiramisu?!" 
I want to go to there.
what kind of monster took a bite and put it back?
I love Tiramisu but I definitely never thought to put it on a stick. Definitely will by trying this for my next holiday dinner. Thanks for sharing!
Well, that just changed my life.
Every time I eat tiramisu I accidentally inhale the cocoa powder and have a coughing fit.  Looking at this image just triggered  a cough reflex. 
Who is eating so much tiramisu that they can't sit down and enjoy a slice?  
Now batter it and deep fry it!
....awwww yisss......
I wonder if I could get this deep fried and at a Texas fair? 
there's layers to this shit player. Tiramisu
Love this idea.
You can get these at Trader Joe's
Same
this is some pussy shit

From the thumbnail it looks like sweet potato
Yeah, but can you put it on a cob? 
This needs to be at mn state fair next year. 
Sell it to me.. Why is this better than on a plate?
Best joy of tiramisu is to take a nice bite out of it. Biting a wooden stick is not as satisfying. 
Is there a non-dessert tiramisu?
I like a world with Tiramisu on a stick. 
W~0~w~!!!
Oh my god, it looks absolutely delicious. Definetely gonna try it. hope my boyfriend likes it too, yummmy
Where can you buy these delights ?!! 
Some woman is gonna want me to do it to her and I'm not gonna know what it is!
This is a work of genius.
Oooh jeez rick
This looks amazing!
hmmm Tiramisu!
fuck. me.
Man they put everything on a stick now a days.
Good lord Charlie Brown, that looks amazing.
There's layers to this shit player- tiramisu 
that looks so good !!!!
Ok can't someone just make it for me....
te lo do io, sul stick...
There is a candy shop in my city that sells caramel Tiramisu balls.

They are quite delicious. 
that looks so good !!!!
Would buy
I read this as "thumb on a stick" and almost barfed
My first thought: "GIMME"
From the thumbnail it looks like sweet potato
for some reason i read that as "tsunami on a stick". Which would have been... epic !
GIMME
Good god, how do I not already know about this?
Why?
Also now I want a marzipan ice cream on a stick to exist
I guess I should be happy that they don't sell this close to where I live (that I know of) and that I'm too lazy to make it myself.

Otherwise..........hello obesity!!
I read the title in Jeff Dunham's voice
Diabeetus on a stick
I'm sitting in the south.
That looks delicious. 
that's just a sweet corn dog
Sorry
What is Tiramisu
*Heavy Breathing*
not enough, i can see it from here.
wanna pick me up some tiramisu~
I wanna eat it 
Oh god I would swallow those whole without even chewing Sasha Gray style.
tiramisu on a stick! that's all humanity needs. we don't need to come up with anything else.
But Im guessing you've gotta change the recipe Why isn't all food on a stick or in a stick or in a stick form somewhere down here.
Upvote for not posting this as a 1 fps gif. Looks delicious. 
Jeez Rick, d-do I have to translate it for me.... te lo do io, sul stick...
where can these be found? i can't cook.
Definitely look like corn dogs from afar.
All I see is a soon to be empty plate...
"There's layers to this shit, player. Tiramisu."

-Macklemore 
I'm sitting in the hospital, haven't eaten in days, just got a soft food diet approved and you show me this shit. Screw you, or bring me some op. 
Looks so interesting. How do you get it on sticks?
I must have. Where is this and how can I get it in NJ?
I want the recipe
Why isn't all food on a stick?
Every time I hear tiramisu now, I will think of Macklemore .
The soft texture of tiramisu kinda makes the dessert for me, plus you can't soak your sponge with Galliano and espresso and keep it on the stick. Or maybe with a syringe you can?

Is a food truck making this? Or a catering company doing amuse-bouche desserts? I can't see anyone else wanting to go through the trouble.
Aaaaaaaand it's cheat day
Without the espresso or amaretto this can't really be called tiramisu... It's like a lady finger on a Popsicle stick covered in mascarpone and chocolate then frozen. That's not even close to tiramisu :/ but maybe it tastes good anyway? Meh
[Tiramisu in a bottle](http://i.imgur.com/RVGmXds.jpg)
te lo do io, sul stick...
Can you stick it in your butt?
This is a work of genius.
OMG
*Drooling intensifies*
this looks as if its sex on a stick. recipe?
[Doge aproved](http://noodlytime.com/postimages/bo-doge-le-for-spring.png)
Looks a bit like a chocolate magnum
Where do I get these
Get in my mouth.
I love it.  Tiramisustick can compete for magnum. Lol.
For a while I thought "tiramisu" was spelt tyramisoux.

Yeah, but can you put it on a cob? 
Oh My Sweet Jesus!!!!
Lovely idea and execution. Would make a great food truck item. For state fairs, deep fry them!
My favorite all time desert got to try this
Ouch, my arteries...
hmmm this is almost my american name in Japanese. And I've never heard of this food before. Now I gotta look this up.
What a fantastic idea.
Wanna buy a dessert? Onna stick?
I want this in my mouth hole.....RIGHT NOW!!!!
"Ok give me one bowl."

"No bowl, stick! Stick!"
it looks so good, that it acutally makes me sad watching at those because I dont have any
This looks way more tempting than a regular Tiramisu to me.
That looks incredible!
There's a distant planet in the Milky Way Galaxy where everything is on a cob. Yes, even Tiramisu is on a cob. 
recipe pleaaaaaaaaaaaase
Everything is better on a stick. 
Get this man on Shark Tank!
Now only if this was healthy haha
Holy fuck that looks good
there's layers to this shit, playa
Did anyone else read the title as Jose from Jeff Dunham's act?
Damn you. Now I have to make this.
There's layers to that ish playa
nothing like nibbling on lady fingers :)
Very cool! Coincidentally, I just super randomly made tiramisu for the first time last night, I was actually just about to go take it out of the fridge and cut into it before I saw your picture on the front page! I'll have to adapt this idea when I refine my technique.
I want to have sex with that.
I want this in my mouth ten minutes ago!
Someone should produce these for commercial sale. I bet they would fly out of the grocery stores.
I'm both impressed and disappointed that they put tiramisu on a stick
There's layers to this shit, player.
Fine.. I'll be the one to say it. Tiramisu is overrated garbage. 
This is one of those times I wish I could just shoot food out of my phone and eat it. 
You mean Tiramastick.
I should not have looked at that picture.
This needs to be at mn state fair next year. 
Tiuramisu, right. It's just a cake.
White Trash *Deluxe* 
Jeff Dunham's act is really going downhill. 
ohmynom where?? where is this? don't just post a picture and walk away you cruel, cruel person :..(
I hate tiramisu 
 I'm over here in my unit, isolated and alone, eating my terrible tasting food, and I have to look over at that. That looks like the most fun I've ever seen in my entire life, and it's B.S. - excuse my language. I'm just saying that I wash and dry; I'm like a single mother. Look, we all know home-ec is a joke - no offense - it's just that everyone takes this class to get an A, and it's bullshit - and I'm sorry. I'm not putting down your profession, but it's just the way I feel. I don't want to sit here, all by myself, cooking this shitty food - no offense - and I just think that I don't need to cook tiramisu. Am I going to be a chef? No. There's three weeks left of school, give me a fuckin' break! I'm sorry for cursing.

shit on a stick 

(Dad joke) 'Pick me up' one of those next time please!
Nice! You should try making tiramisu on a dick.
Now if only I liked tiramisu...
Looks like shit on a stick 
Does this mean you made copy pasta?
When I was a kid I would point to a videogame in a catalog and say, "Dad, I really want this!"

He would say "Sure, you can have it. No strings attached."  And then he'd cut that square out of the catalog and hand it to me. 

I still remember acting very grateful about it for god-knows-what-reason.
Just in case it bothered you, the herbs bruised and wilted because your dish was garnished while hot, the food in the original photo was probably cold during the photo shoot. 

You did a good job on the recreation. 

Should have edited earlier, but someone has pointed out the parsley was photoshopped. I can see it now that I zoom in on the picture. 
How did you know what was under that top layer? Could have been funfetti cake or something
One of them is an impasta
It's just cardboard underneath cheese and herbs isn't it?
You should have filled it with non-lasagna stuff, like blueberry pie filling. That would really mess 'em up
Recipe?
he put basil on it not parsley like the picture 9/10
Best roommate ever. All mine ever did was stiff me in the bills and eat my leftovers. 
The parsley in the photo looks like a badly photoshop png layer stacked on a jpeg.
/r/ExpectationVsRealityWins
Flat leaf parsley not basil
So you found a another photo with a similar dish.
You're his bitch. You know that, right? 
r/expectationvsreality
That's like the 10th time I've seen that link.
I'm not even sure where it goes anymore.
That bowl doesn't look anything at all like the one in the picture.
Looks fantastic, but what is it? Any recipe?
except the box version has parsley on top and yours has basil
And you were pleasantly surprised at how good it turned out until you realized that you provided him with no ingredients or directions, and he ended up just melting a brick of cheese over a pan of Crest Whitening Toothpaste.
[Delicious](http://i.imgur.com/pirgnEy.jpg)
I would have said, "make it yourself" unless they put sudo in front of it. 
5,000 upvotes for baked ziti. this sub is so bad lol.
How do you make your cheese actually do the bubbly browning thing? I haven't mastered this yet. Please teach me your ways! 
Food on the front page with cheese. Check. 
Looks like it's been just cut and pasta'd
The red bowl brings the meal together but well done. 9/10 would eat.
I too grate cheese on top of things
I know it came from a magazine, but you got a link to it by any chance? Also, how good was it?
I hope its just cardboard with melted cheese on top. 
I can make toast.
It's cardboard underneath isn't it?
You obviously used basil instead of parsley, C-.
I think the best possible dish it could be is just a solid layer of cheese from the top to the bottom.  No noodles, no vegetables, just cheese.
Solid recreation of the picture.
apparently you were like: "I fucking got this!"
Sending this picture of the two lasagnas to my roommate with similar instructions.  Will update with results.
Looks like it's been just cut and pasta'd
You are clearly some sort of wizard. A wizard of deliciousness.
I hope you said "watch this" as you ate it!
You're a push over
no they didn't
So... some pasta with tomato sauce and cheese... 

Like... a 5 years old could replicate this.
Nailed it.
your roommate was high af
I made frontpage, cool.
Are you looking for another room mate by chance?
The picture shows parsley as a garnish and you use basil? You had one fucking job!
Please tell me you made two and gave him the one with melted cheese and tomato sauce over toilet paper rolls first.  Pleeeeeeeeeeze.
this makes for an awesome cooking show concept. "Cut-out Cook-out!" you have 3 challengers cook a dish based on a single close up pic and have 3 snooty judge critique and eliminate the challengers till a victor is crowned 
congratulations, you made a fucking lasagna
You weren't supposed to put the parsley on (if it is parsley) until after you finished baking it
Impressive. 
Ceci n'est pas une lasagna.
Wish I had a roommate I could show pictures of awesome food and have him make it.
nailed it

God i wish i lived with you. 
Looking for another roommate? 
OP, if you're looking for a clean roommate that appreciates food hmu. 
w2c roommate
Now make me some
Can you be my roommate so you can make that too?
is that a bathroom sink?
...so how did you know what was under the cheese?
Did you smash it in his face pie style ?
NEXT!
So, what underneath it? Lasagna?
What a colossal disaster, your herbs wilted.
You're a wizard, Harry.
What kind of cheese you got there?
Did your roomie just give you a picture or was there a recipe with the cutout? 
This is what I call a con by the roommate. I hope he/she is grateful! = )
Plot twist: It's full of hornets. OP just made the cheesy crust from the picture but didn't know what to fill it with based on lack of instructions, so they added a hornets nest. Delicious, cheesy, hornets.
I made cereal today and it didn't even look like what was on the box. This is unfair. You killed it OP.
Nailed it!
Is there an app for this?
Cheese and garnish?  No problem let me just go buy that 90 pound loaf from the other thread.
wanna be my roommate? 
very nice, now off to raid the fridge!
can I be your roommate? 
What kind of cheese you got a link to it by any chance?
Nailed it. How did it taste?
You're a good roommate. 
accept the challenge 
Who cuts things out of magazines???
That looks good, recipe? 
Anyone else think the picture on the left looks like a melted dog?

Done good you have! 
But was it good
OP... delivers? Wow, OP really delivered
I'm not even kidding, you have made the most delicious looking dish. Did it taste as tasty as it looks like it tastes?
OP to roomie: You've been served!
But how?
Looks Delicious 
I love this yummy !!!!!!!
I'd dip my balls in it.
Looks great! You're a terrible photographer though, do you live in the dark or something? Did you cook this in the dark? Cause if you did that makes it even more impressive.
Your coloring in skills are exceptional.
That looks absolutely delicious!
You made lasagna? sweet.
Your roommate sounds like a stoner.
I think you beat the cutout.
Don't cut basil, rip it. If you cut it, make sure it's completely dry.
So you made your roommate into pasta?! Ice cold man.
Can someone tell me what is that I'm looking at ? What's in it ?
It's fucking perfect mate. Well done.
I need you in my life.
There is an alligator peeking out from the middle bottom of the cut out. 
It appears similar to straight macaroni with a tomato sauce. See at the bottom of the pic.
where's the fucking recipe
Impressed! I was expecting a dad joke but then remembered the subreddit
your magazine cover looks like a box top.
CAN I BE YOUR ROOMMATE?
As an italian yours looks more tempting, gj.
From the photo on the left, this looks like baked pasta. pretty common dish here in southern europe. 
I wanna eat it all.
Brilliant...
That's amazing! Great Job!
If I had to bet I'd say its just a baking dish filled with cheese.Only cheese. And a garnish,
looks really good
Challenge demolished “ψ(｀∇´)ψ
This might be a dumb question but im new to this: how can I find the recipe for this? 
you are a fucking great roommate 
You definitely nailed it. 
Now make me one
And I'm in class being hungry.
its like when my buddy is playing guitar

"play ______"
and then you took a picture in the dark with flash on. nice!
And you did, you awesome roommate!
aahh you make me hungry right now..

Nailed it...Can I be your roommate?
You obeyed your roommate.
can you be my roommate?
Your's looks way better.  Send it to magazine. 
There could be ANYthing under that cheese though.....anything
Why did you take a photo of it in the dark?
U fotta put the parsley on fresh after cooking right qgen u put it on the table mann
lol, you made a pasta bake, well done you.
So you filled the pan with spiders before putting the cheese and herbs on top, yes?
There could be anything under there.
it's some kind of pasta with tomato sauce under the cheese and parsley. Considering the bulges of the cheese, I'd say there's also minced meat. Except for lighting, this looks spot on! Good job OP
I would eat it
Let me fix this for you: my roommate handed me a page from a magazine and I followed the recipe. Like magic, it looked like the picture
What is this dish called?
Looks good but my indigestion is screaming.
That awful lighting though... 
can u post instructions to make that? looks incredible
Amazing work!
yours way better, cheese love cheese more cheese dream CHEESE
al forno!
that looks good enough to eat!
What's the recipe
Seems legit, but what's under there?

*throws some cheese on top and bakes it* "DONE!"
Looks more like a cut-out from the box...
3D Printing Level: PRO
I wish my computer had a copy and pasta function.
Wow! i feel like that never happens for me. way to go! ps can you send me some :)
looks delicious!  Could be melted crayons inside for all we know.  But looks delicious!
What are you going to do with 91 pounds of cheese? And are all your reddit buddies invited?
For fucks sake people the goddamn recipe is on the back of the page! Have you never seen a magazine before?
If you're ever looking for a new roommate let me know. We don't even have to tell my fiance, we'll just sneak you in. 
Lasagna is awesome, because everyone assumes it's harder than it is. It's basically LEGO pasta, then put it in the oven for an hour or two (depending.)
Why is in a cat's litter box?  
nailed it, 10/10 I'd demolish that
That looks delicious and cooked to perfection. 
As a number of large spiders, I am impressed with the amount of weight you can lift and how accurately you can copy a dish.

10/10. Would dine with a cluster of large spiders to consume. You free Thursday?
Ok, so they made baked pasta?
nailed it

Can you be my roommate? 
Be my room mate.
May look fancy on the outside with all that cheese. But i bet that it's filled with vegemite.
You burnt the edge.....
I'm sure someone's asked at this point, but I gotta know the recipe/process you used to make this happen
9/10 you got the pan wrong. 
(the rest of it looks spot on though. Well Done!)

My adventure in making a pinata shaped pinata cake. The decoration on it is 99% butter cream. 
[between pictures 6 and 7](http://i.imgur.com/RadSf.jpg)

edit: awesome cake though!
Dacquoise meringue wafers may also be used instead of cardboard for an edible support layer. Congrats on this great job
It's so sweet. How many hours did you put into the making of it?
This looks like something out of Viva Pinata! and now I want to play that game.
10/10 would smash
All I thought while looking at these pics was "is someone going to smash this cake?"
WOW, that's great! Thanks for the idea...but of course mine will look like the "nailed it" posts, lol.
I will be excited to see /r/ExpectationVsReality  tomorrow.
Could've sworn for a second you had taken the pictures of the cake  on the bathroom floor by the toilet... I'm guessing you have tiled countertops?
Very cool, but it always makes me sad to see cardboard in a cake :( Surely by now someone has come up with an edible alternative?
The fact that there are people out there who can casually decide to make something as amazing as this blows my mind. 
Ok where's the one filled with carrots? 
Very cool! 
Viva Pinata!
["Whoa. You could break me open and take my candy, but wouldn't you like something better?"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Svg-DvNARKE)
Just checking the comments to see what ChristineHMcConnell thought.
Diabetes piñata!
That's cool. And it has nerds in it. Yum.
Went from a horse to a llama 
I'm not diabetic, but I might need some insulin. 
This reminds me of Viva Pinata. :(
In the third picture, I thought you were cutting it up on the floor of a bathroom - the bottom of the mixer stand looks very similar to the bottom of a toilet. Did a double take there. 
Some people are so creative that it literally blows my fucking mind.
This looks like an overdose in sugar and fun. My only question is, how on earth did you get the head to balance on the neck?
If I tried doing this, my house would be reduced to a smoldering lump of coals.
That's awesome. 
This is incredible. Bravo
Yum!
/r/CAKEWIN 
This is wkd
My teeth hurt
I love this so, so much.  Well done, it's awesome.
Very creative.
DAMN! This cake looks so good! 
Now beat it with a bat
Good lord this is a masterpiece. 
It's glorious!
This got me slam damn excited just looking at it, and I'm an adult. Please tell me you got to blow at least one kid's mind with this thing.
I'm not gonna lie I was hoping this was made by that chick who does all the halloween stuff then leaves and awesome picture of herself as the last picture. Great looking cake
First read it as "Canada filled pinata cake"
wow~~my teeth are already hurtin but id have to eat that
That's Impressive. Very creative
I want one for my birthday!
S'CUTE
This vale is awesome!!
Where's the pic of the final product?
Wow! So much talent!
"Yo dawg we heard you liked sweets!"
I didn't even know this was a possibility. What a time to be alive!
This is amazing. Also seems like a great way to save money on a kid's birthday. Why buy a cake and a pinata when you can have two in one!
Now make a piñata cake filled with piñata cookies filed with candy!
I think that cutting that cake blindfolded while dizzy would be even more hazardous than swinging at a normal pinata...
Coulda used cookies for the ears! 
You should post this on /r/cakewin
This is one of the coolest cakes I've seen!
I can actually feel myself getting diabetes.
Very creative!
What's holding up the head? Cardboard? I know there is a dowel running down to balance, but what is the cake resting on?
/u/omgabluebox
I woudl be so nervous having this on display at a party in case someone mistook it for an actial pinata and smashed all that beautifulness
I made a regular piñata out of cardboard and tape, decorated it with cut steamers and double sided tape. I thought that was hard. . . never trying to make this cake myself, but kudos to you ! Looks amazing and tasty
awesome, but where are the people? its dark in the room and looks like you just cut a piece out by yourself alone. please don't say that happened
This is really cute! Great job!!!
Op.. did you make this cake for yourself? 

I will help you eat it, have no fear. 

IS IT OKAY IF I STUFF MY FACE IN IT
For some reason, I read all the captions in the voice of Buddy from Cake Boss.
How does the head not tilt forward/off/fall off?? Does buttercream hold that tightly??
Oh my god, I have never wanted something more in my entire life.
Do you cut it with a whiffle ball bat?
i wouldnt put jellybeans they will spoil the taste of the cake.
It looks like a candy Alpaca
All I could think of was someone whacking this with a stick and HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE GROOOUUUND!!!!
What sort of cake did you use? Looks a bit denser and flatter than a typical sponge. Also rather more colourful than your average cake. 
Can't wait to see the disturbing 'Nailed It' images for this one 
Now, you need a baseball bat. :P
To be honest I read "Canada filled"....took me far longer than I would like to admit while looking at the pictures to get it....
[Smashing!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E7iKrTNX6OE)
I got a stomacheache just by looking at that thing.
you are the coolest person ever
..don't do that. I see you mixing jelly beans and M&amp;M's
I'm super tired right now and read the headline as Canada filled pinata cake a few times.. I'm guessing that would be maple syrupy. I should go to bed. Looks Good though.
Major nostalgia playing them again on the meringue is kind of a toilet.
What if a kid eats the ccarboard?
That cake is some sort of witchcraft. I want to see how many Pinterest fails happen with this one.  HOWWW! 
Ugh they took my kidney!
This is amazing. Also seems like a great way to save money on a kid's birthday. Why buy a cake and a pinata when you can have two in one!
This is pretty cool
So awesome! Nothing better than a cake that is fun and yummy.
In the third photo I thought you was cutting your cake in the bathroom floor.
This is fucking amazing. 
Omg is that funfetti?
Couldn't agree more I don't really like sweets in general.
Such a sweet ass
I sat here for way to long thinking "how the hell did they bake it without ruining the candy inside?" I am not a smart man.
awesome, but where are the people? its dark in the room and looks like you just cut a piece out by yourself alone. please don't say that happened
oh wow this is muy piñata
Yaaaaaas Queen!
it is soooo cute!!
You are amazing!!!
Hey OP, no need to subtly drop hints that you got a new matching couch and carpet. We get it, you can just tell us about them if you'd like.
The icing colours you made are gorgeous!!!
Ok where's the one filled with carrots? 
I thought of at the exact picture I thought that was weird, but I'm starting to be alive!
Protip: Bridle goes across the mouth
ZOMG Why does this even exist? It's almost more of a toy than food! I would definitely smash it open, but I don't even want to taste the diabetes.
This is amazing. Also seems like a great way to save money on a kid's birthday. Why buy a cake and a pinata when you can have two in one!
My inner sweet tooth bows down to you. You are a God. 
Where are all the children that you made this cake for?
The fondant is the cake is not sweet enough and ruins perfectly fine cake.
I know there is a dowel running down to balance, but what is the easier it is the stuff of dreams.
Neat! I've got to learn how to do the paper piping bags.
You are a magician! between pictures 6 and 7 are the people? its dark in the fridge or freezer.
[Thanks Manfred.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MnjfiKT_6XY)
From the thumbnail I thought it was a stack of kitchen sponges
It feels good to eat
Hi I'm diabetes, nice to meet you
Very colourful! :) 
Diabeeetus.
Yo dawg,
We heard you liked sugar, so we put some sugar in your sugar so you can eat sugar while eating sugar.
This reminds me of diabetes 
That's too much. That's one short road to diabeetus.
A cake "sculpture" that's actually made out of cake! This is revolutionary for this sub.
What a waste of time and candy 
Holy diabetes 
It's like candy jizz. 
You went to all this effort and didn't even put Jelly Bellys in it? ffs OP? You put something disgusting inside of something delicious!
Why would you fill it with the worst candy
Diabetes...? Definitely worth it. But seriously it looks awesome 
Diabetus.
Diabeetus
Diabeetus. But awesome!!
Do you want ants?!
That's pretty gross.
Today I had cereal. 
Your wife isn't the only one straight killing it. This is the realest charcuterie post I've ever seen!
bruh
This is the the kind of feast I'd expect George RR Martin to write about.
I appreciate that the pigs you snuffed for this one are named after nursery rhyme-related construction materials.
&gt;  this fat is from Sticks, one of our Hampshire cross pigs. 

The pig.. had a name? (tear)
Thanks for all the love you guys gave me today. Enjoyed chatting with you all. Going to have a snack and call it a night: http://imgur.com/lCkX48D
If you are on Alien Blue or some other app, this album has captions that describe what's in the picture as well as some of the process/recipe that went into making the stuff... so if you have your thing set to "Optimize" you might miss the important stuff that's in the captions. Also, all of the meat products are home made from animals we raised, slaughtered, butchered and processed ourselves. Most of the vegetables and fresh herbs from our gardens... we bought the cheese (slackers). We also served some home made wines and hard cider, but those didn't get pretty pictures taken.
This is fantastic. Puts all the store-bought charcuterie boards that are posted here all the time to shame. If a NYC restaurant offered this I'm sure it'd be around $150-200 per person at least.

One of the most mouthwatering albums I've seen on here in a long time.
AND OP responds topically to every comment? Best food post in months. Well done.
My wife is a chef. But I'm leaving her to marry you and your wife. If that's not cool, perhaps I can't just cheat on her a little with you two? 

Because that is just the damn near sexiest set of photos I ever done seen. 
[deleted]
11/10
This was so over the top that both my head and stomach hurt! The attention to every detail was amazing.


Do **not** Google truffle butter. 
A charcuterie post to rule them all
You guys are both straight killing it. Fml, I'm sitting here with my left hand firmly grasping a baseball sized wad of Doritos, and my right unscrewing a fresh 2l Dew. 
I'm sorry, this may be an ignorant question as I know little about the dishes presented, but why would someone want to eat slices of fat with a sliver of meat attached?  

I cook with the fat on the meat for flavour, but cut it off after. The gelatin like texture of fat will make me sick to my stomach.  
I've spent the last hour going through all your responses and your website and I can't stop grinning at the amount of care and respect you put into all the animals you raise and dishes you prepare. What you're doing is art, man. Amazing. 
Not being poor would be awesome. 
Dis you pickle everything yourself?
 That's charcuterie? I've been avoiding that on menus for years. They're killing themselves with that name.
this is some hannibal shit where i seriously question if you killed your guests afterwards and ate their kidneys. what is your life like? i want to grow up to be you.
Looks awesome!

Serious question: Is the concept of charcuterie something new/trendy in the US? Seem to be a lot of posts about "charcuterie" lately
Haven't heard of a butter bell before.

Edit: I tried googling, but I get results for ones similar to op's, but also what looks to me like normal butter dishes..  

How/do they differ?
Looks really amazing, excellent work on all, and it looks like it's something you really enjoy which comes out a lot in the pictures.

My only question - how was the flavor profile combination on the palate? Seems like there was a lot of fats and overall decadence (truffle on everything!), I did see some pickled goods, but man it really looked like it could've used something bright and refreshing, maybe some citrus elements.  It all looked soooo delicious though.
Can I come to your next night please? I am willing to travel literally thousands of miles
This party cost more than my car.
Just wanted to say, I work at a michelin star restaurant in SF, and beyond maybe one restaurant in SF (trou normand), your personal charcuterie program stomps on every single professional place in SF. just out of curiosity, do you make a living off of this?
This food scares me. Just me? 
Please tell me you have a website.  I could look at those pictures all day long.
Calm down there, Hannibal. 

But seriously it looks amazing!
This is one of the most impressive posts I've seen on this subreddit. 
I stared at this for so long, then realised the best I could do was a cup of tea
It is hard for me to describe the level of jealous hate I have for OP right now. 
I imagine you on some fancy farm where the servants do the work and aren't allowed in the nice house, just the guest house. All of that looked amazing though.
This owns every sad charcuterie board that comes up here. Do you even charcuterie? er....
Could you please explain to me a little bit more about making the duck prosciutto? I would love to try making that. 
I sent this post to my husband who is keen to raise some pigs next year. I think it will make him finally commit to the idea if I promise to make some of these delicious things out of them :)
Do you adopt 28-year-old men?
I think you misspelled 5 star restaurant with the letters f a r and m instead
This is the most interesting food post / AMA I've read in months.
&gt;The board is a round of maple I cut last week while working on next year's firewood. We rubbed it with a puck of beeswax from our hives. 

jesus christ 
I wasn't going to comment but I was just so enthralled by the whole set up.  I put some water on the stove to make French press coffee and I was like "oh let me take a quick look at this" and I ended up forgetting about my water -__-  

That's how amazing it was! I literally forgot what I was doing because every picture had so much detail and was so amazing I just kept reading!  

Mad love to your amazing display and shout out to the head cheese, which is my personal favorite, for being massively under rated.
I'm curious to how old you and you're wife are. I feel like you couldn't pull this off without quite a bit of culinary experience 
The Atkins dude must be smiling down on you!
Do you ever just see someones reddit post and think..

Goddamnit, this is the life I wanted to lead :/
And now I got the gout.
(Cheesemonger checking in!) Everything a 10/10 except the cheese plate! Good balance of texture and terroir but having three cheeses with annatto makes me sad! Ok, the five counties is actually a really visually striking cheese for a board and I guess only two of the layers have annato, so I'll let it fly. This time!

Your priorities are clearly elsewhere. :P
Fantastic work!
Damn, reading the pig's name is a total turn off and I don't know why. 
That first image looks disgusting, but I know it's probably delicious
Some of this stuff like rabbit, head cheese and duck I am quite unfamiliar with, and at younger age would be grossed out but god damn dude all of this stuff looks so amazing/tasty/fancy. Duck prosciutto in particular sounds amazing. 
You are living my dream! 
Jesus, did anyone else see this on/r/all and read it as "chatroulette party?"  I was trying to figure out where you were going with all this meat...
How many meals can you generally  get out of three pigs? Since you seem to be using different parts of the animals in creative ways im curious as to how long they've lasted you.
This looks so good I'm literally getting the shakes.
My invite must have been lost in the post. :( 
HOLY SHIT!
I'm seriously over here crying on my laptop keys clicking through these pictures wondering if I'll ever life as hard as you and your wife. Not only having the chance to ever let something as monumentally spectacular as what you posted grace my tongue but to raise and prepare your animals to such greatness would bring my life to an unknown caliber of which my heart and soul cannot currently fathom. Wow...I think you made a lot of people rethink their lives today.
wtf kinda fancy ass shit is this? 
The only thing whiter than this post is the person who gilded it.
As a quick note - your captions call some of your cheese 'five counties cheddar', when real five counties cheese is a collection of five cheeses (each named after a different English county, hence the name), only one of which is Cheddar (Cheddar, Cheshire, Derby, Double Gloucester and Red Leicester is the list - all great cheeses).

Hopefully you didn't get ripped off on some coloured cheddar, and instead just added cheddar onto the name in error. From the picture, I'd assume the latter - that middle layer looks crumbly enough to be Cheshire.
Can I come over next time??
Can I be your next guest?? I will contribute!
Shropshire blue is the best blue cheese I have ever had.
Wow!! They all look just amazing!!! 
Dear god, this is heaven.
I want to be your friend. 
That pork fat looks incredible. I just ate and my mouth is watering.

It all looks amazing actually. I probably would have made a huge slob of myself had I been present.
Wow. Yum. You guys don't fool around.
Please adopt me. 
I would gladly eat pickled pig gums if OP served the dish 
I went to the supermarket today and bought 36 items and the total cost was $54.00. I splurged on some $3 cheese instead of the cheap $2 kind. 
Got damn man good for you
Will you adopt me?
Did you find the black truffles? Wouldn't that amount be thousands of dollars worth?!
I don't know whats wrong with my head, but I read "Hosted a caricature party at our farm last night". Man was I surprised by the link!
I've been doing this whole "food" thing wrong.  I don't want my McBurger anymore.
Just. Wow.
This is absolutely amazing.  I found your website and I'll be trying your recipes, like your Chicken Crust Pizza, which also looks fantastic!  I've never heard of anything like it. 
This is a foodie's dream. The stuff of legends. Well done, friend. Well done. *Slow clap*
Can we be friends?
Wow. I live in Idaho I would buy a plane ticket to come to one of these. Appreciate you sharing.
Thank you Dr.Hannibal
This is so beautiful. How can I get an invite for the next one? 
I would travel across the country to pay for a seat at that table.
That duck prosciutto looks amazing! Awesome stuff really!
[deleted]
So that's what Drake and company were rapping about. 
One of those chicken neck pies was missing its filling...
I don't know if I've ever seen something as beautiful as this.
Everything about this is fucking amazing, fantastic job. You've got some lucky friends. I'm more of a baker myself, so I now have an overwhelming need to make the roll your wife so beautifully made.
Duuudddeeee!

What are you dooooinnnnggg?

I'm on a diieeetttt @,@
Oh god *drools*...
You and your wife are gods amongst mortals. I am consumed by slack-jawed amazement and envy. 
Holy cow this looks amazing!  I hope to someday be able to do stuff like this.  I'll be in a position to buy some property in the next couple years. I'll definitely be doing the homestead thing.  Question, do you have much experience with wild ducks?  I hunt and I get lots of ducks but they are so much leaner than farm raised ducks. I struggle to find good recipes for them.
Where did you learn to cook and cure meat and learn to be such an amazing person? I'm beyond impressed. Brb need to drink water to replenish drool. 
That truffle butter tho.
good lord! please adopt me into your family, i'll be your 30 year old step son!
Damn it... Why can't you be my friend.

That looks dammed amazing!
Mind bogglingly good my friend. You are a inspiration to home chefs everywhere. Mind talking about your background, and what laid the foundation for you getting to the point that you could pull this off?
OMG this just looks amazing!!
And now I know what real truffle butter is.
Oh my fucking god.
No good bread?! This is a travesty.
This looks so sumptuous, I can understand why your appetizer became your main course.  I love all the fat based dishes (I am a true savory lover) 

I am absolutely wowed that you guys not only raised the animals cooked but prepared them yourself as well. 

I saw below that you had said that you made your own hard cider and had to rush it to get it done in time. What did you use to remove the cloudiness? How long did you cold crash it? (sorry I just love making hard cider at home! And I love to learn tricks from other people) 
Please tell me you have a beard, wear plaid flannel shirts and sport thick dark-rimmed glasses.  I'm so burned out on poseur hipsters that only a true hipster could rekindle what I want to believe is the goal of genuine hipsterism: to make really awesome stuff and not just talk about or feign appreciation for it.

'Cause this spread is hip.
I feel like I need a salad after looking at those photos. 

Looks amazing though.  Well done!


Y'all killed it. Literally.
I creeped around and found your website! My girlfriend and I clicked around and laughed heartily when we saw that you were a younger dude. We had guessed with your skill level that surely you'd be like, some 50 year old guy. Great work! 

You should make an instagram or something that people can follow, your pics are awesome and I'm sure lots of people here would love updates from your farm. 
These are fucking gorgeous. I only wish I wasn't an uncultured city gal who would be too afraid to try most of these things on her own. 
I've never eaten any of the things shown here before. I don't even know what all of that would taste like aside from the grapes and salami.
So this was clearly a *long* con.
What am I doing with my life?
I might weep. Is that okay?
Nice try, Hannibal. 
Looks good, but so much duck. I can't get past the gamey taste it has
I know what that means due to "A Dark Room"!
oh. my. god.
Those are the money beats.
God dammit that is beautiful. I really want to be your friend. Great post sir. Might be the best I've seen in recent memory.
Oh my gosh as someone who is really trying to educate themselves about what good food should look like this is absolutely amazing! 
Holy shit. All I can say. I vote we go the route of /r/thanksobama and retire the subreddit.
I'm 25 I have an Econ background, where do I submit my resume for adoption?

Experience in sales and finance.
Can we please be friends? I bring excellent wine to parties!
Fuck me.
Thanks for the invite.
This looks incredible. Pure decadence :)

I really like how pretty much everything is quite unusual!
Never has a reddit post made me salivate as much as this one has. 
Absolutely amazing! Would pay $200 to be at that table!
Fantastic!
This is so decadent it ruined my life
I will echo the others.  It's an amazing spread.  I can appreciate the amount of time, preparation and skill that went into it, not even mentioning the raising and caring of the animals.  I appreciate the fact that you can speak straightforwardly (down to names) and with respect about who they were and what they gave up for the plate.  
MFW http://youtu.be/pusZXECS0mM
Can I come over?
Do you have the recipe for the duckbreasts? Looks really interesting 
I would hate to go to this party, purely because I wouldn't have enough stomach room to try everything and would leave sorely disappointed in my full belly.
I eat a vegan diet and even I'm so impressed with this lush spread.
If you're gonna eat a face, this is definitely the way to do it!
Um...watsa guy gotta do to get an invite to your house?
Why wasn't I invited?!?
This spread is absolutely mouthwatering. Amazing job.

Have you ever considered instructional videos or a blog with recipes? I love entertaining and want to try something new!

edit: there's no way in hell I can make this on my own.  
Salty!
Honestly, even after scrolling through something that blew my mind and my stomach, your responses are just as good. The passion and how you talk about the food alone, makes me hungry.
This might just be one of the best posts I've seen around here! You're good at what you're doing so keep doing it! Respect!
I came.
I'm imagining myself eating this as I eat my cup ramen.
I LOVE the chicken neck!
The whipped lardo and duck fat pesto are badass dude. I love sauce making with the fat, way to bring it home with that. 

So hard to pick but I think my favorite is the foie terrine. Nice work to both of you. 
Jaysus christ.  Do you guys need a new friend? 
Where did you get the ideas for these dishes? Something you came up with yourself or found online? 

Also, are you guys professional chefs too? I always wonder how someone can just create these kind of dishes out of nowhere 
So you make international deliveries too ? :D
Incredible. Bar none the best I've seen. All of that looks revolting to me personally, but I would eat the shit out of those truffles.
sweet jesus 
Damn! I want you to adopt me. Any chance you're interested in a 43 year old male child? (Not fully housebroken yet).
Why can't I find restaurants that even serve any charcuterie in los angeles.  It hurts.
Charcuterie party. 

At your farm.

Cool. 
This is really awesome. But too much pig for my taste.
Well if I were a woman, I would have wanted you to put as many babies as possible inside of me. No homo, but full homo though. Damn...
I wish I was you.
I'm going to need an invite to your next get together. The food looks incredible! Very well done!!
Reading this at an [8]... DAMN YOU OP!!
adopt me?
cool
i read that as "chat roulette"
so horny right now!
I just drop a comment to be a tiny part of this historic display of awesomeness. Congratulations!
This is amazing, that spread impeccable.
I fried an egg today.
Yusss! Winning on the butternut roll! I'm irish but worked for a lady from Idaho this was my perk twice a year getting this made for me! Thanksgiving and my birthday! 
Best thing I've seen on r/food thus far.  I want it all. Especially the jowl bacon.
We need to become close friends...  You both killed it

But naming your pigs, wifey didn't like that, Reminds me of what Gordon Ramsey did to the ones he raised... 
Good god, man.
Dude! It's like a zoo down there...
Amazing, great stuff OP
Looks amazing op!
Would go to that party 10/10
You bastard! How wasn't I invited to this night of meaty cheesy wonderment?
This is what the subreddit is for. This is the most amazing thing I've seen on r/food ever. 
Makes me wish I could taste :(
This is the kind of meal the farm to table culture charges $100-150/person for here in the big city. Underground circuit or limited entry parties are all the rage. 

Stunning spread. Never seen anything quite like it. And I thought 20 cheeses in the French Alps was amazing. You and your wife just went to Planet Entirely Different Level. Beyond restaurant quality.

Perhaps you would consider starting your own business around this. Monthly dinner parties. You're clearly passionate about it, and incredibly skilled.

A cookbook would also kill it. High quality photos and how-tos.

Really looking forward to more from you in the future.
Never been so impressed with a food post in my life. Well done, this is genuinely fucking awesome. I hope to be able to do this myself one day. My mouth is watering. 
I think I live somewhat close to your area if my quick Google search checked out. Would legit give an arm and a leg to try this stuff 
How does one acquire an invite to a party like this? My mouth is gushing
I hate you.

Sincerely,
Everyone not invited. 
Reddit is gonna be all downhill for me after this post
Just. Fucking. Wow.
I'm in my last year of medical school in Ohio, and my wife and I love to cook. Our dream is to someday live in a rural area, and have our own farm.

This gives me something to aspire to. Thank you. 
Man....we should be friends. 
Well done, sir. Looks delicious!
Can I ask what sort of flavour the rabbit sausages had and what part of the rabbit you used. also how did the slow cooked rabbit leg taste. I have always been put off of shooting rabbit because all of the recipes I see are always cold potted dishes.

edit. looks beautiful by the way.
where is your farm? I want to come visit!
I wish I lived in a world where I can imagine this being possible. This is like one of those medical miracle breakthroughs; I accept that it may be possible but I cannot fathom how it can be done.
It looks really awesome. Just an advice if I dare, now that you have perfect meat, give all you got to the bread, it will make a huge difference.
If it makes you feel better, I did the same thing with my girlfriend when I got moved from Boston to Hong Kong for work.  She stayed in Boston, and for 19 months we would cook the same meal together once a week while watching the same movie at the same time.  Because of the 12/13 (depending on daylight savings or not) hour time difference, one of us would either cook dinner for breakfast, or breakfast for dinner!  After 19 months, she joined me in Hong Kong and we've been married for three months now!  Good luck you two!
Please repost on Valentine's day for massive karma
Ok this is adorable
She likes her cheese more than him. I like her.
But where's the ricotta?
You should share this with /r/LongDistance! It's such a nice idea. 
1) This is adorable.

2) The food looks awesome.

3) The guy looks like my brother-in-law and I did a massive double take.
That's.. Kinda.. Precious...
Now that's how you get away with farting on a date.
This is just about as heartwarming as a Pixar short. I love love!
BONNAROO
Your story is basically a barilla commercial which aired in Italy years ago. This is hilarious.

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=A76mpzud3u0

Woooo hello fellow roovian
She's rocking that Bonnaroo shirt. I've got the same one. 
My then girlfriend and I did that on our first thanksgiving together. She was in Sweden. I was in the US. She tried her best to figure out how to make the things that are traditional for us, despite having never been here. It was so cute. We've now been married for five years and have an adorable daughter. 
Someone likes a lot more cheese....
Your SO who is away or just some random cooking buddy? 
Here's how stupid I am: I thought to myself "if you guys are across the country from each other, how did you get pictures of *both* of your computers?".
This is a wonderful idea. Now I might have to do this with my SO. Amd the food looked great.
That is just about the cutest thing I have ever seen!!!!!! 
Ugh, Ragu is so bad.


SO bad.
Where's the ricotta?? 
Recipe, please!!
I named my cat after Melody Pond. So, there's that.
This made my heart melt. Too adorable
Get the fuck out of here you two are so cute.
I feel like the girls meal would taste better since there is more cheese(I love cheese) but the guy wins for best presentation. I love the way it's presented and the colors 
That is adorable as fuck... I really wish I had thought of doing something like this when my gf and I lived in different cities during undergrad.
omg that's adorable.  You guys are awesome.  Also, that food looks amazing and I'm going shopping bye.
Lovely idea.

It's not difficult to make your own tomato sauce. Just a can or two of chopped tomatoes and some basil, black pepper and oregano. The less prepared jars I use the happier I feel. But at the end of the day, do what you want! 
Recipe please?:)
Wow a top /food post that doesn't involve meat. And they didn't lock the comments like every other top post that hits the front page for some reason.
I see that you are a much bigger fan of cheese than him
Could we have the recipe, please?
This is beautiful. 
I love me some stuffed shells but you gotta try it with some of that four cheese Alfredo sauce from [Bertolli](http://www.villabertolli.com/products/bertolli-four-cheese-rosa-sauce) Trust me, this is where it's at!
Can I buy a vowel? cuz O My Gosh~! That's adorableeee!
This is simulataneously the cheesiest (no pun intended) and the sweetest thing I've ever heard of. As a hopeless romantic who would never be able to pull of a LDR, I approve. :)
/r/longdistance would love to see this too.

*edit*

Nvm, saw that you posted there first =)
Still a better love story than Twilight 
I did not catch on about the long distance.... when I first saw the computer behind the shells I thought you were just following a cooking show or something. This is so cute.
This is one of the best feel-good posts I have ever seen, and I wish you both a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year.
I wonder if he regretted not using foil like you did while cleaning dishes lol.
I may get downvoted, but I just have to ask.. Do you guys then have freaky cyber sex after dinner??? 
I notice you're using Barilla pasta. I might encourage you to join the boycott of Barilla products. The CEO is a huge homophobe having [publicly attacked gay people for eating his product](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/michelangelo-signorile/why-barilla-pasta-ceo-is_b_4002085.html). While I'm not sure you might agree or not, I don't think a persons sexual identity should make a difference in the context of what food they eat.


Thanks for sharing, that's super sweet.  

I'm curious: How do you decide on which recipes to try?  Do you both have the same cookbook, or is there a website you like to use or something...?
lost me at new york style texas toast from the freezer isle. 
This is so goddamn cute/sweet I think I got a cavity! Awesome.
wow that's absurdly cute.
Why are you guys separated? 
Man, this is the cutest thing I've ever seen. I envy your relationship. This is true love
I would be willing to do this with a complete stranger, like an unique take on pen pals. Strangers just cooking and sharing a meal together, so neither of us has to eat alone. We could maybe take turns showing each other foods from our part of the world.
I'm from Newfoundland, Canada's island province of british and irish descendants. I recently moved to mainland Canada for work so I don't have much of a social life here yet. If it matters, I'm a 23 year old male, but I'm not really interested in the romance that this couple has. Just the company coupled with genuine curiosity if such an experiment would work.
If anyone is brave enough to try this, let me know!
i thought this post was going to teach me how to cook with ricotta cheese... was disappointed 
Do you guys use a cloud-based shopping list like in Google keep? You could shop "together" and see items get marked off the list. You could have a soipping race that way too.

copy/paste the list and title with your respective names. 
Oh that is so cute! I wish I had something like that with my boyfriend (now husband). We did long distance for 3 years
Did the long distance thing for 5 years, cooking "together" is a great way to bridge that gap. I applaud you! :)
So random, but all I notice is how the girl keeps her laptop screen titled forward instead of backwards. My little sister does the same thing, and it drives me mad.

Lol but food looks great, I'm so hungry now... and all I have is junk and frozen crap.
I am in the kitchen cooking almost everyday, but this is just to cute. Bravo to both of you.
Roo!!
This is the cutest, sweetest thing.

I think I just developed spontaneous diabetes.
I read that as metal at first and got really excited.
Hers looks way better homie. No offense. 
I've made pretty much the exact same recipe and found out the hard way not to use frozen spinach, so gross.
Bonnarooooooooo
My wife and I do this too! Date night. We cook a meal together and then watch some Netflix together. We always end up with subtle differences in the final product of our dinner, one of our favorite parts. We did enchiladas last week, and she ended up making red and green, and I just made green. She made chicken and I used taco flavored turkey. 
Awww that's so sweet.
His was way better in terms of presentation
You should share this with /r/LongDistance! It's such a nice idea. 
bonnaroo t shirt &lt;3
Love your Bonnaroo shirt!  Hopefully you two get to reunite on the farm this year!!
That's very sweet. Do you have a recipe?
Automatic upvote for the C1 Tech shirt.  Dare to dream, fellow coworker
That sounds kind of cool, consulting with someone, somewhere else, while both simultaneously make the same meal. Too bad I can't stand other people. Oh well, I'll make lemonade. 
That is the cutest thing ever.
Too cute!
Very cute!
You guys are an inspiration.
This is honestly adorable!
Where is the stuffed spinach?
Pretty cool! 
Those are some sexi shells. 
This is too cute. 
Well this is the most precious thing I've ever seen
I have done something similar to this before. I cooked around the Formula 1 Calendar. Every race weekend I would make a dinner from the host country. You can even pair wine or liquor from the area. It was a lot of fun. 
that looks delicious.
your soda pop is optimistically close to your mac baby though

This world is so strange.
I remember doing this with my long-distance gf (now my fiancee!)

For Valentines day we both procured ourselves our favorite meals (She made herself a fluffernutter, I was a broke grad student so I got cheap fried chicken), I was a broke grad student so I got cheap fried chicken), we dressed up nice, she was wearing a dress and red lipstick and I had on a tie, and we ate dinner "together".  

We were apart for two years.  It was a long time, but sharing a meal together, even if it was over Skype, is one of the most memorable experiences I've ever had.

Edit: Texted her, remembered that she had a fluffernutter!
I like her shells better 
Not much gets me in the feels, but this is sweet
I love you guys
Making your own tomato sauce is very simple and adds a lot of flavor, try it!
Sick IKEA Droppar jar bro
BONNAROOOOOOOOOO!!!!!
Love this idea!  I'm in Boston, she's in Seattle, and we have Skype meals together often,  but we've never cooked the same meal.  Definitely going to do this! 
I noticed the christmas decoration in one pic. Is it usual to already have a christmas tree this early where you live?
Now this makes me so jealous... 
What a great way to connect to each other. When my now-wife and I first moved in together we cooked a lot together, and it's become a pattern and important part of our relationship. I hope yours grows similarly!
My husband and I did this for 9 months when we first started dating. He was in MD and I was in HI. We'd cook, go shopping, go out to eat (sitting in a corner so we wouldn't  disturb anyone), play video games, and watch movies (at home) while skyping/facetiming. We just celebrated our two year wedding anniversary and he's still my best friend. Keep up the awesome cooking dates!!
Setting the bar real high for the rest of us.
Hmmm... his looked better (imo)... she put too much cheese in there :P
Ahhhh so cute!!!
That's super cute.
This is one of the best activities for long distance couples! Props for making it work. 


This is the sweetest thing. Definitely stealing this idea for my bf and me ;) also, both of your dinners look delicious. Congrats!
Where's Tom Hanks and Meg Ryan to act this out?
Boyfriend puts money on the mac, while girlfriend puts money on the booze. 
Weak
Very nice! Good to see you are making time for each other in along distance relationship. Keep it up. Once you loose binding like this, it's hard to get it back. 
Do yourselves a solid and make your own spinach, onion, garlic reduction. +15 flavor
OK this is a absolutely adorable! 
Ha, browsing my front pages, I came upon your post from r/longdistance. I saw it again looking at r/all. Congrats on front page, long distancers!
This Parmesan cheese has basically nothing to do with real parmesan/grana.

source: im from europe, and i did some cooking in the us not long time ago.
Very cute =).  Congrats to you both for finding an awesome way to make it work.  Now I'm starving though, have the recipe available?
That actually looks super delicious 
Bonnaroooooooooooo!!!! 
/r/LongDistance would love you both, FYI :D
Simply adorable
Hope your long distance relationship goes better than mine. Cheers.
This is just cute AF.  AF!  You guys are adorable and I wish you the best of luck!  :)
Currently in the same situation :)
I'm from Finland and she is from South-Korea and we have nights when we make same food together and drink some cheap wine (we are both poor students)
The time difference being 7 hours it just means I'm usually eating pretty heavy lunch and getting tipsy early but it works :)
omg this is amazing. 
Bonnaroooooo
Are you dating Mac Tonight?
Nice Roo shirt!
Once a week, I cook a bowl of macaroni and cheese by myself. And eat it by myself. Tonight's delicious routine meal is going to be macaroni and cheese I think.
You guys are awesome!
fave!!!!
So cute 
awesome!
That meal looks amaze-balls. Cool relationship idea too.
I love the Bonnaroo T-shirt!
Adorable. Also, that New York garlic toast is pretty good, but I highly recommend their garlic knots. Not the same as the real stuff back home, but a good quick substitute.
That's so cute it's almost repulsive
RIP moza and Parmesan :(

Has your internet ever fucked this up? 
did long distance for a year before I got to be with my Girl. Finally live in the same apt and get to spend as much time as possible together. good luck to you two!

communication is key!
Now I know what I want to cook this night.
This looks delicious. Can it be meal prepped and saved to eat later? Would love to add it to my meal prep sunday
That's a lovely idea. Glad you guys are working past those relationship hurdles!
That's so sweet. When I went to college, my boyfriend and I would go eat at the same place and talk on the phone. Those were fun times.
Bonnaroo!
Oh god thats just so sweet! I'm such an emotional person this is ridiculous
So nice! Wishing you many, many years of happiness + love 
Damnnnn son. I want that in my belly . 
sweet, Congrats! 
Shut up.  Just shut up.  You had me at Texas Toast.
Hm, this is super cute and an excellent idea. Unfortunately, I'm LDR with two guys who both live in England where I'm all the way in the US, so they're usually eating dinner by the time I get around to lunch.  
  
Maybe I'll try it one day hehe, it's a fantastic and super cute idea.
Ragu! Or as my Mom likes to call it, Ragook!
BF is wearing a CpaitalOne tech shirt, no? Plano?
Okay that's friggin ADORABLE. 
How far you guys are?
This is beyond cute!!! And it looks seriously yummy on both counts :)
I'm a 29 year old man and this almost got misty eyed. God damnit
why did that take me so long to figure out what was going on? lol nice job
This kind of stuff makes me sad... My ex and I were long distance for a while and then we finally moved together. I got complacent and ruined the relationship when we lived together, but while we were long distance I strived to be the best at everything for her. 

I know it has nothing to do with this, and I'm really happy for you two, I just needed to get that off my chest because I am so sad still
For couples dating long distance a netflix / redbox movie night also works really well to bridge the gap.
Do any of you guys have families?
This gave me that warm fuzzy feeling. 
But at the same thing makes if feel almost like you're right next to one another is nice.
This gives me hope for my long distance relationship. We already watch movies together over Skype but I never thought about the whole idea of "sharing" a meal. I'm gonna have to mention that to him. 
GOALS
Ezequiel get off the front page
KLICK LINK IN THE MOVIES
That is so nice and the shells look so so good!
Classy Ragu sauce
I really really love this!
That's great!
Modern tech still amazes me. My partner and I did something similar for over a year when we were separated for school/work. We just got married this fall and we're planning a wedding for next year. 

If it works in your time zones, we also loved going to the movie theater at similar times to watch a new release. Then we'd call each other after to talk about the movie. There's something fun about sharing a secret date in public. Added bonus: you don't have to share your popcorn. 

I know the distance can be rough but you guys are doing what it takes to bridge the gap. Best of luck to you both. 
You guys are cute! Looks like lots of fun. 
BONNAROO! 
Wow shes holding a big spoon
I don't mean to be cheesy buy I strongly prefer her shells.
Wife material
That's just adorable. 

If I may make a teeny suggestion: upgrade to fresh cheeses in your cooking and learn to make marinara. You'll thank me. 

http://www.thekitchn.com/how-to-make-marinara-sauce-cooking-lessons-from-the-kitchn-207121

I just have to ask, do his plates happen to have a moose in the middle?   

They look identical to mine.  
I used to do this sort of thing with my ex. It was always a fantastic date night, and it made distance way easier. Not easy enough, obviously, but it's still a great way to deal.
First: that's adorable and such a great idea!

Second: if you stuff a lot of these shells, they freeze really well. Just stuff them, put them on parchment on a cookie sheet in the freezer until hardened, then put into freezer bags for later use. Put them (still frozen) in a baking dish with sauce and cook until done at 350°F. 
Lol weak bro
We are cap one brothers :) digging the tech shirt
This is awsome, you guys are awesome, wishing you all the best.
That's really cute!
Not going to lie, it's stories like this that give me some hope that I won't suck at long distance stuff when it finally comes around to hitting me when I least expect it.

Thanks for sharing my friend.
Did I by accident click on Facebook instead of Reddit?
Isn't Barilla anti-gay?
COOL CAPITAL ONE TECH T-SHIRT.

..my closet is full of them..
This should be posted in /r/Aww 
BONNAROO
TIL cotton candy does not have to look like a big ass disproportionate q-tip
Holy moly is that only one yuan?! So cheap! 
/r/streetfoodartists
I cant stop watching this...
Its beautiful 
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U6tl_oJpkvo
I dont know why, but the whole time i was thinking "Stop, its big enough.  Alright he's done that looks aweso- No stooppp its getting too big, that looks so cool." 
I once had to make cotton candy at a kids fair . Those kids got a big giant glob , and it wasnt nearly this pretty.  Id say 10/10 would pass up on my free cotton candy.
At first, "a cotton candy machine? So what, I used to own one"

....

....

"That's fucking impessive"
yo dude what the fuck
Wow, I'd feel bad about eating it, it's so beautiful!
Jesus fuck American cotton candy vendors need to step their game up.
China one uping us again.
I always see these videos of street vendors making food and people taking videos of them. I really hope that the person taking the video buys something from them.  Just taking the video and walking away would seem kinda rude to me. 
And to think in America we get 2 colors of cotton candy smashed into a plastic bag for 4 bucks.
That was more amazing than I ever hoped it could be.  Completely exceed expectations.  
That is the most beautiful cotton candy I've ever seen

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o3Sri48W5u8
Eye-candy 
spin spin sugar.

anyone think cotton candy and those cotton candy looking things in the attic of the house look the same?
I want to see him do the bunny! like the one he has in the poster on his cart. bottom right corner at the beginning of the video. 
[Making Cotton Candy :(](https://youtu.be/Q2qC_R02QsI?t=6m30s)
The sugar having no cover from all the outside contaminates of people sneezing walking by, peoples spit from talking etc. made me cringe.
Making cotton candy? I don't see what would be so interesting about..ooohh....
[on the subject of cotton candy :3](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t5MCnpeNMDw)
While it looks great, that bowl looks dirty as fuck. 
I never knew they served diabetes on a stick 
http://i.imgur.com/Xl8pjnl.gif
Personally I would have still paid this artist USD$10-15 for one as appreciation for his craft and to see the wonderful smiles it brings to my kids
That's not cotton candy. That's a work of art!
i LOVE LOVE LOVE cotton candy and this video makes me so happy
http://imgur.com/u1pHtvr

This is making cotton candy, that is art.
This guy would make a killing at state fairs in the U.S.
PLEASE, will somone tell me where I can find this?

From the comments I see that it is in China, but where in China? Specifically? This is on my bucket list for sure!
With the gif was a little longer at the end to see the awesomeness 
I've finally found my calling in life
I wouldn't want to eat that. It should be frozen and put in a museum of art.
Those machines are a bitch to clean.


Don't use as an umbrella
I wouldn't wanna eat it! 

Then I'd eat it.
Is this more or less sugar than a can of soda?
That's not cotton candy, it's a jello mold.
I couldn't eat all of it.
Cotton candy is good.. My teeth are like nooo tho.
Jesus Christ, my teeth hurt looking at this thing.
Seriously look at the generous amounts these guys give and then look at the ones amusements parks give you.
No matter the job, it's always looks nice when the dude enjoys himself.
That'll be 27 dollars please.
Gotta be Seoul, right?
I wonder how he gets the candy floss in to such an intricate shape?
Ruinnnnned....wait

You cotton candy genius you...SAVED.
I wish there were dope performance desserts like this and the ice cream scraping thing near me
Too beautiful to eat!
Thank you for this, it looks amazing 
And it still tastes like cotton candy.
while i appreciate the time and effort spent to make such an amazing piece of art out of candy, the amount of food coloring used makes it unedible.
Cool!!
That's some good candy floss. 
That's really cool. Disneyworld should recruit this guy to set up shop at the Chinese World Showcase, like the Japanese lady who would shape candy in the Japanese section.

 He could charge like $15 for one of those puppies and no one would bat an eye. 
Asians can do anything.
I want that now
Well.... I'm aroused. 
how long does it take to make it?

I legitimately thought it looped like 3 or 4 times. Then he stopped and I'm like o.O
Whenever I see this gif I just can't stop watching it. 
Looks beautiful... too bad it'll kill ya.
Protip: Hold up a camera or phone and pretend to record person serving to get more food. 
Ladies and Gentlemen, the next great cotton candy franchise for the US.
I was expecting cotton candy not a masterpiece
Fluffy pink persuasion. Making it's way through Albuquerque, unfortunately, and believe you me, you don't wanna cross the path of the kingpin. If you do, well... Tread lightly. 
Move that gigantic cotton candy!
It just keeps getting faster
Cmon reddit, sorry to say it but this is like the 5th time in 2 weeks it has been on the frontpage
Meanwhile we're over here dunking Oreos into deep fryers. 
I saw a homeless guy do that with his hands once. Not as decorative, but I thought he burned his hands off. 
repost :(
The Cotton Candy Man is very talented. I hope next time other shape.
I think I got diabetes just from watching that
I would give my left nut for a cotton candy machine 

I also want a snowcone machine 
Almost pretty enough to not want to eat it. Almost!
Was expecting to see footage of a veterinarian's office. Was pleasantly surprised.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q2qC_R02QsI&amp;t=6m33s
Actually if you're where I'm from you call it fairy floss. We also have fairy bread too though, so apparently Australians just really, really want to be like fairies
Oh fuck yes give me that I want to eat it it looks so fucking fluffy where can I buy it? Please today now thank you.
We have just witnessed witchcraft in action!
would be sick after eating about a quarter of it but would still continue trying
Is there a subreddit for awesome street vendors making food?
r/food is becoming Facebook shares and buzzfeed recipes.
His hands must be really sticky.
it's china, the cost was $.20
One time I made a blue cloud. It was perfect. 
Too pretty to eat.
Now I want cotton candy.
I could only dream of having skills like this. 
That's amazing, but it makes me feel sticky to looking at it.  I don't like it.
Making diabeetus.
love your effort 
That's a giant lucky charm. 
Love this video every time I see it. Just can't let my daughter see it, then she'll want one. 
Oh fuck yes give me that I want to be like fairies Too bad you guys don't have the Pink Fairy Armadillo!
I want to see him make the rabbit on the menu!
To wait over a minute for that to load, watch him make it and not be able to eat it was very upsetting to me. 
Alot of U.S places don't even bother putting them on a stick they just throw a handful in a bag ughh laziness running rampant .....or walking
Who the hell eats that much cotton candy? Were they just out grocery shopping and decided to stop on their way to get a pallet of chocolate colored pretzels? 

Edit: covered*
Super ))))))))))))))))))))))
That's the most beautiful diabetes I've ever seen.
This isn't even its final form.
When you see more as art than food and decide to save it.
Wut
Interestingly similar to glass blowing.
Please don't show my wife this
Soooo cool but sooo much sugar.*-*
I see this posted like once a month, but I ALWAYS watch it 
it just keeps getting bigger
Do you want to eat hot and fresh cutton candy? Come and join us! Please dial the number under 加盟热线: (+86) 13658011884, don't hesitate and join us, you'll get a machine for FREE!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=86VejTthdrg
But what does it taste like? 
I think this is the first time I've seen something on Reddit that I've already seen it before. Saw it on Youtube awhile ago. I would eat that so hard.
It's looks so yummylicious to eat it, but it's also so beautifully done that I would want to just keep it as it is. Decisions, decisions. D:
That's awesome!!
that was so long 
I'm weird because I don't like things like this. I can't stand food that's designed to look like something elaborate. It makes me not want to eat it and destroy the image. 
Yes, I'll have one type 1 diabetes, please. 
God look at how nasty that cart is though..
THIS GUY!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AmfvY0vusyE
This is gangster Cotton candy
Gif too long
Oh nice. Diabetes on a stick.
If this was America, some greasy faced kid would just twirl out a blob and shove it into your fat face. Optimizing not only time, caloric intake, and freeing up older workers for more skilled labor in the long run.

God  Bless the USA!
And now I have diabetes
well if you didn't have diabeetus before...
I wouldn't even want to eat it, mainly because I hate diabetes and I love art
I always want cotton candy until i get cotton candy. Then i take 3 bites and realize i dont want this but it was a hell of a ride.
A different gif of another vender doing the same thing made front page last week. Good ol' predictable reddit.
And it still tastes like sugar.
DIABETES HERE I COME
Holy Repost, Batman!

I was like.. "wow, that's getting big!" Then I was like "Ok. I get it. Enough"

I think i got diabitus just from watching that. 
They have this in NYC now! I know because I just moved and all my friends keep sending me pictures.
I had this at an asian night market in Toronto, they were calling it "Teppanyaki Ice Cream". It was nice, it was more of a fruit milk ice and lighter than western ice creams with butter/cream/eggs in them.
This is called rolled ice cream, and it's pretty simple to do at home. you need a disposable aluminum pan, a cookie sheet, and dry ice.

Fill the disposable pan with dry ice and set the cookie sheet over top, then do what this guy does. This is great to do at backyard bbqs, super impressive and surprisingly easy. 

If you're going to make this, bear in mind that it's closer to frozen yogourt than it is ice cream, and the quality of it is directly proportional to the amount of fat in your dairy product. Don't go out and get homogenized milk (3.25%, or as we delightfully refer to it in Canada, 'homo milk'). Table cream (10-18% fat) won't do it either. You need whipping cream, 35% or higher, for best results.

Avoid chocolate syrup, get good chocolate and use shavings of it for chocolate. Because of the rich flavour of the cream, the added sugar and flavour additives of chocolate syrup are *REALLY* noticeable. 

Edit: Also, depending on how much pressure you need to apply in scraping the cookie sheet you may want to go with something stronger than a disposable aluminum tray - They tend to have weak sidewalls, and will crumple. underneath pressure. Try using a styrofoam or plastic cooler, or a roasting pan
[deleted]
That was oddly therapeutic.
I'm just angry it isn't called Thaice Cream.
It seems like every time I see this done, I am SHOCKED by how much ice cream it makes compared to how much liquid there is at the start.
This is one of those things I will have to try during my lifetime.
I could smell that strawberry ice cream.
Anyone who likes this ought to go to r/streetfoodartists It doesn't have too many posts, but it's all satisfying stuff like this
This is mesmerizing. 
Here's another vid :D http://youtu.be/Ybb57frsdKk
This is so cool! I'm going to be on the lookout for this next time I'm in Thailand. Has anyone tried this and can comment on the taste/texture compared to regular icecream?
I have lived in thailand for 10 years and i have never seen this.

I guess this must be one of those 'pick a foreign country to make it more interesting marketing' type things


Still think Turkish ice cream is better... http://youtu.be/v2f09JgbZW4 

All jokes aside, that looks so delicious. 
I need an anti-griddle, where to I get one?
This is so cool to watch! I especially like how they roll it up at the end!
[Holy shit the reposting is real lately.](https://www.reddit.com/search?q=ice+cream+thailand&amp;sort=relevance&amp;t=all)
They have this in new york as well shops called 10 below.
He could make monster ice cream burrito's, tons of fruit inside.
Can anyone describe how it tastes? I think it looks cool and want to know if it tastes like ice cream you buy in a store or something completely different.
I found it very satisfying when he was scraping the ice cream 
Ice Pan in Vegas does this.

http://www.icepanusa.com/
Much cooler than Coldstone!
One of the Longest GIF's I've seen yet
Every time I see this I'm happy he didn't let that little piece get away. 
wow... freezing pan!
The box at the end thais it all together
cold i get some cool links to how to do this?
I could watch this all day.
There is a great shop that does this in Jacksonville, FL
Since it also has ice from the condensation frozen on the plate I wonder if air pollution would get included too. Like if they made that it Beijing it would taste of coal and chemicals.
Cold Stone Creamery in the Boston area has been doing this for years
"Uhhhh, can I have the chocolate instead?"
I've seen this probably a million times in some variation...and I never get tired of watching it.
I've had this kind of ice cream before, a local place opened up and is mildly popular for the novelty of it. It's icier and less creamy than regular ice cream.

If I wanted specialty ice cream, I'd just make it at home with my Cuisinart ICE. I've made some great stuff in that thing, best strawberry ice cream I've ever had.
Anywhere in Toronto for this?  
Obligatory /r/FoodWizards plug. This is our most recent submission... posted 5 months ago XD

It's a little bit dead so if you find any gifs or videos of people doing awesome shit with food, cross-post it there if you have the time!
http://imgur.com/BbZMYly
That guy is like the bob ross of ice cream
Near my place in Seoul there's an ice cream I have lived in thailand for 10 years and i have never seen anything like that before.
I've seen this a dozen times and I still click through and watch it all cause its so damn mezmerizing
My reactions as the video played:

* "Oh, I see, it's an anti-griddle."

* "That's cool, mix the flavours in fresh every time."

* "WHAT IS THIS SORCERY"
This looks so good, but breaks like 4 of my international travel food rules for avoiding diarrhea.
It's like reverse cooking.
I always thought that this would be more icy, and less creamy. Ice cream is creamy because its aerated while being chilled. This doesn't look all that aerated to me.
That's about as fresh as it gets!
How are they keeping that prep area cool?
Looked best at soft-serve stage before laying flat and freezing fully. Looks teeth-hurty at the end there, though I'm sure it softens up again before too long. 
There's a place in Aberdeen (Scotland) that does this. I'll have to go. 
Best part: 

30 baht.
With sweet corn topping or taro?
Better than the stuff I buy
Love seeing this every time! I definitely have to try it sometime
Youtube, don't gif it
This is the sort of thing that looks awesome but tastes mediocre.
Great now I want ice cream....
Everytime I see this, I want an anti-griddle.
better then Cold Stone.
How much is it tho? 
Since it also has ice from the fridge and ate it.
I want to go to Thailand right now. [7]
Saw this at cold stone 10 years ago. Really blew my mind then
That will be 10 baht, thank you very much.
/r/oddlysatisfying
I am actually very hungry for that, now.
&gt;known for oppressive government and ladyboys

&gt;might as well as get good at something
Why isnt it called Thaice cream?
It's like Cold Stone, except you don't have to cash in your IRA to afford it
That's sooo cool. 



Heh
In China I went to a Hagen Das.   Yeah..... ice cream is apparently a gourmet food
There is so much hair and lint on that ice that we cannot see
I wanna see more of this and in hd!
Looks Delicious 
Post so old it can drive
I've seen this stuff so many times
Yummy.
Is there really anything special about or is it all about the presentation?
They are legitimately dishing out ice cream with two paint scrapers...
old fashioned gelato
The population in Thailand is 63 million people.
I could have swore the first time I saw this, it was in better quality.
It's like a stove-top but it's cold. amazing.
looks delicious!  A little long to make just one, there would be a long line waiting for it to be created, but good things come to those who wait, they say.  Yummy!
Im relatively new to reddit so I've only just now started seeing reposts. I understand now why people get annoyed and feel the need to point it out :(
And with all that surface area it melts into a puddle of milk on the bottom of the container in approximately 32.3 seconds.
Anybody know what those red balls are?
I wonder what is constantly cooling down that "chill grill" 
We have these here in Mexico. We call them "fried ice cream"
Whats the diffrence between this n regular ice cream
We have a Tim Horton's that also has a Cold Stone. It is similar, but this is a hell of a lot *cooler*.
/r/IWIHT
Props for using drywall knives.
Bring it
So they... scrape you a roll of frost condensation from people's breath? Nice!
we have this in Jacksonville, florida lol it tastes fucking amazing
Being a Chicago native having lived in Canada for a cup when I bought some at Juicy Spot in NYC a couple years, I can sell at NYC showing off my mad ice shaving skillz?
Do you know they're using the same tool they use to shape concrete and brick mortar?
I wish the thai restaurant I worked at was as cool as this. No pun intended.
I... but.... I went to Thailand, how did I not have this....
But can he fuck a butterfingers into it?
10/10 would eat
When I lived in Thailand, most of the ice cream you could buy off the streets was full of vegetables, like corn or beans. 
This is impressive
I just want to watch this over and over.
we have this kind of icecream too,so-called Stir yogurt.But whatever,the Thailand one seems to be better 
What liquid do they pour over it at the beginning?
Woah it's like a reverse crepe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=74JsWI7yZN0 i made a video of this from the phuket night market
Video is so much better with the sound https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=687TyZKOd0M
I work at Coldstone Creamery and this just shits on everything I've done the past 7 months of working there.
Why Thailand?  I've seen this done in the US and Germany, but no in Asia.
Where can I get this on the west coast?
How do it know to curl??? HOW DO IT KNOW
I was in Thailand for 2 weeks and never saw this.  Why you holding out on me, Thailand?
Holy crap these look like mini spring rolls!
I would absolutely love to have a bite. But I really think it would be premium priced.
i want to make this at home
This makes Coldstone look like a bunch of idiots with spatulas.
The way he scraped the ice cream off is...

/r/oddlysatisfying
I have had this.  It is not as good as regular ice cream.  It is very icy.
Is there anywhere in SoCal I can get this?
I don't think it's originated here in Thailand, but don't take my word on it.

We call it "stir-fried" ice cream.
People have been commenting how this is like Cold Stone, but Cold Stone's ice cream is already ice cream. All they do is add the toppings, basically mashing gummy bears or what not into the pre-packaged ice cream.
That's not ice cream.
No gloves were used you gonna get diarrhea if you eat that.
So... Artsy Coldstone. Cool. 
Any UK suppliers yet?
Ice cream spring rolls
/r/streeteats would love to see this 
We have that in the Harrah's in Las Vegas. Ice Pan
In Australia, they call this Cold Rock. I don't really like my ice cream massaged though. 
Oh my god... I just watched this guy murder a strawberry.. 
Why is this so satisfying to watch.

That was awesome!
Sure...but do they sing when you tip?
All right, I'm off to B&amp;Q to buy some new wide bladed wallpaper scrapers. Gonna give this a try myself.
Lots of places have a cooling plate that can do this.
Of course you will need a heat sink on the 2nd floor of Harrah's Been there, it's worth finding.
It's like you are getting a full tub, but not. 
Is that a block of ice?
I love how it's rolled!

Also did he pour 35% cream?
I went to a place like this in Vegas
Im going....im definitely fucking going...
There's probably a layer of filth on that ice getting scraped right into your "ice cream"
"Yes, that'll be all of the money you have."

Looks awesome, though! 
Meanwhile I can just about work the Ice cream scoop without nearly fucking killing myself.
I remember someone saying stuff like metal on metal scraping would create filings.
I'm assuming that's a cold surface?
"That will be 12¢ please" - Ice Cream Guy
now mix a lil pthalo blue in there
What is it on?  Stone?  
Oh! i remember my teacher telling me about this video! glad to finally see it!
For a clear video of it:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ybb57frsdKk
We have this in Jacksonville, Florida and it's delicious!
Dude could also make one hell of a mudder. I mean the way he handles those knives he could patch some drywall real nice. 
Strawberry? No thanks 
Glad he got that stray berry.
Best part if its in Thailand, you can get it for super cheap. Bet it wont be more than 2 bucks USD.
I'm so pissed that this doesn't happen in my ice cream shop!
And here we are in Texas all happy because blue bell is back. 
Did he wash his hands first?
The first time I saw this was a few months ago. I'm in Vietnam.
Somehow, nobody has mentioned that he's using wall putty knives.
the he was like, gimme me money
how much does one of those cost?
I have seen this video of people making this ice cream countless times. And every time I see it again I KNOW EXACTLY WHAT IT IS BUT I CANT NOT WATCH IT. Idk what is it about this ice cream that makes me happy
They have this all over its called Coldstone creamery
Looks like a pain in the ass just to make one bowl tbh. Interesting though. 
And thanks OP now I’m getting ice cream at the quickie at 1 am before I work the next day.
Is there an Online Website where you can order this ?

been there.  had it.  looks better than it tastes.  
It looks cool, but i'll stick to normal ice cream :/
"Yeah, let me have a 6 pack of dem ice cream roll ups."
i am the only person who sees this as disgusting 
Thaiscream?
It's like litterally the opposite of a Mongolian grill.
Do this in America and someone will cry out "Chemical! Toxins! It's not gluten free!" all that bs.

Give me this anyday. 
Where's my sweater? Did anyone else get shivers from that?
I found it very satisfying when he was scraping the ice cream isn't particularly creamy and sweet and makes it seem so crazy.
my mind is blown.
Smörgås is swedish for sandwich.

OP, just an FYI your title makes it sound like this is a city in New York State and not just a food festival being held in Brooklyn. Also, for anyone planning on going to Smorgasburg - most food is a significantly cheaper if you go to the brick and mortar storefront. The fair is pretty overpriced and crowded with tourists.

Filters ruin pictures of food imo.
The signature Cemitas sandwich, I've had it before, it's delicious.

Here's the anatomy of the sandwich, so you know what's in it. In my opinion, the black bean spread is the key to this sandwich. 

http://fritosandfoiegras.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/10/cemitas-009.jpg
Smorgasburg is dope! for anyone in the NYC area who is interested...

http://www.smorgasburg.com/vendors/
Smorgasburg is a city now? lol
what the the white stuff on top of the tomato?

This makes me want to hop on a plane ASAP 
I went to visit my sister in New York and she took my to Smorgasburd. The amount of creative and good food is phenomenal. It can range from lobster rolls to barbecue to Japanese tacos to poke bolls. The only thing is it's New York so it's expensive.
How are you supposed to eat that?  
Jesus Christ, I'll do an hour of cardio just to have this sandwich.
What's the deal with buttermilk chicken all of a sudden? I had one at McDonald's and while it was good, there was nothing discernably "buttermilk" about it. I've also seen it other places as like a specialty sandwich. 
Did you really need to put a filter on this picture?
Which vendor?
Surely you would need to dislocate your jaw to fit that in your mouth.
I first read that as 'Fried buttermilk children sandwich' and thought 'damn, reddit has hit a new low.' 
Why the fuck am I browsing this sub while I'm on a diet.
Its from the cemitas el tigre guys. cemitaseltigre.com
That looks so amazing. I'm super hungover right now and even though it's only 8am, I want this sandwich 
Why were you up and at Smorgasburg at 9AM? Masochist. 
Ditch the tomato and that looks heavenly 
This is a cemita sandwich from the Cemita stand at Smorgasburg in Williamsburg. They're open every Saturday. They have a few variations of this but the fried chicken is the best imo. If I remember right, they're $9 which is fine cause they're huge. 
Creme freche
Stop by Red Hook Lobster next time for a bad ass Lobster Roll
Sometimes I wish I wasn't a vegetarian. Did you know I'm a vegetarian!? Cause I am.
Omg. 

How do you eat a sandwich this thick?
Do you dislocate your bottom jaw like a snake swallowing large prey ?
That looks disgusting 
Try posting this again in a month, but leave out the word "buttermilk" and I bet this doesn't even get 100 points.  This sub LOVES word like buttermilk.


They love any adjective that makes something sound "exotic". 
One of the vendors at Smorgasburg sells whole fried sardines, head and all. My sister forced me to eat it....and it's probably the greatest thing i've ever had. 
You had me at fried. 
That filter hurts my eyes.
I was thinking about checking this out this weekend.  Recommended?  Does it change spots? 
Fried buttermilk? I've never heard of that...Is it common?
You ruined the picture with some weird filter. A shame, since the sandwich looks great.
That looks pretty delicious.
Damn i was hungry before i saw the picture, now i am HUNGRY!!! :)
Looks incredible. What kind of bread is it on?
That looks shamefully delicious. 
[deleted]
Oh my god. Yum
Looks like a cemita.
There are so many great vendors there. For anyone living in NY (or anyone visiting) it's certainly worth checking out. My personal favorite is [Fedoroff's Roast Pork](http://www.yelp.com/biz/fedoroffs-roast-pork-brooklyn). Absolutely amazing sandwich that i'd never thought i'd be able to get outside of South Philly. Reminds me of home every time I bite into it.
gawd dayum! this sandwich gives me a massive woody!
I had this over the summer when I was working in NYC. Lord have mercy, it was tasty.
It is open outside in Williamsburg through Nov 21 on Saturdays, it was open Sundays in Prospect Park, however, that has ended for the season they are still open at their inside location at Brooklyn Flea throughout the winter, however, the inside location has 15-20 food vendors, compared to 100+ at the outside Williamsburg location, so I would definitely suggest going while you still can.
Smorgasburg isn't a place or a restaurant. It's a food market where vendors come and sell their stuff. Care to expand on which place this is from?
That sandwich is practically a smörgåsbord. A Smorgasburg smörgåsbord.
Saw this and convinced me to take a stroll over to Smorgasburg today and try it. Thanks!
I looked [this place](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Smorgasburg/@40.7244371,-73.9774035,14.38z/data=!4m2!3m1!1s0x89c25967b1b8e0f7:0x927a439e1c9c3b8c) up and it says it's permanently closed. Shattered dreams, man.  Maybe just for the winter....
Welp guess I'm headed to Williamsburg later... 
That jawbreaker looks sinfully delicious. 
well i guess know i know where to cure my hangover 
i live 2 streets away, but i really wish they delivered :(
Don't worry about your arteries. You only live once. 
This picture makes my mouth water...
gonna go to brooklyn just for this
/r/eatsandwiches 
Yumm id eat all of that 
I thought I was going to make it until lunch...now I'm not so sure...
Having just eaten lunch, this made me hungry again
Mouth watered
BUTTERMEYILK, WOO WOO!!!
Holy shit that looks absolutely delicious
/r/eatsandwiches
Sweet gentle Jesus that looks good.
I just finished listening to John Gabrus's high and mighty podcast about sandwiches and he talked about this place. Looks good. 
jesus christ that looks good
Ah!  The rest of the country doesn't know about Smorgasburg.  They're looking for it on google maps now.
Boy, it's laarge. don't know how I could eat it :D
Do people realize this is basically like eating a Whopper?
Seems worlds better than the buttermilk chicken sandwich at McDonald's that's half the size and $5
...and then we blame bad genes when people start dropping like flies in their 40s.
Thank you for this picture! it reminded me that i have a box full of schnitzels in the fridge from my mom.
How do you eat it? Not with your mouth obviously. I'm guessing grind its mass up in a blender and drink it like a smoothie? 
That's a torta ese.
That bread cut is so key.  Hollow it out a bit to create the perfect proportion. 
Ah!  The rest of the country doesn't know about Smorgasburg.  They're looking for it on google maps now.
That is the best sandwich I've never had.
I love Smorgasburg, this weekend would have been ideal. It'll be too cold soon.

I feel like I always bring bad weather with me anyway.
Mmmmm, only if I could eat meat...
Also a cross-section photo of one's arteries afterwards.
anybody got a good recipe to make something like this?
I may have to actually go get this right now
Which McDonald's did you get it from?
How much is such a delicious thing? 15$?
Thanks, now I will not be happy until I have one of the delicious looking sandwiches. This will throw me into a violent depression when I realize I'll never go there, topped with vicious nightmares of processed chicken patties, and covered in a special sauce called depravity. Thank you sir, my life is now and forever incomplete. 

TLDR: I want one so bad, my life has been altered.
Should have had the milk steak
But what stall is it from? They are all independent places, often with actual restaurants. Smorgasburgh is just a collection of food stalls. Also, which one? The seaport or brooklyn?
Looks like Orgasmsburg to me. 
Oh my 
Looks great!
...Smorgasburg? I have lived in NY my whole life and I have never heard of such a place.
Just the title got an up vote 
What was the price?
Is this the prospect park smorgasbord?

I need this in my life like right fucking now.

I'm from New Orleans so it looks like it needs gravy, but other than that it looks lit
Meanwhile in NOVA there is jack shit to eat that looks anything like this [anywhere near me.](https://youtu.be/YZ4z0QhD92Y?t=27)
Looks like death in a bun.
Is that cheese mexican cheese? As a matter of fact, is that sandwich a mexican sandwich (cemitas) cause it looks like one?
Is this like that commercial where soon you're going to tell us it's McDonald's?
Damn that looks so good. Need to stop clicking on these links when I'm hungry and poor. 
would be good for anti-hangover purposes.
How do you even bite that?
Not enough filter.
Looks like a cemita.
I'm looking for the comment that says this sandwich will give you cancer.
Looks like a torta
How the fuck do you even attempt to eat that?! Not even a love child of Carly Simon and Steven Tyler would have a big enough mouth to fit that sandwich.
Fuck me that looks delicious
Took one bite, had a Smorgasm
Isn't that a Cemita? Love that sandwich!
google.com/maps says this place is permanently closed. 
How do you open your mouth big enough for it to fit? If I may ask...
How much does it cost?
Id take a mouth fucking if this were promised at the end.

There's an amazing place in Berlin that does this too! Except with bacon and homemade chipotle mayo! http://www.butterbronsons.com/
Doesn't look the same but this reminds me of an EBA's Chicken Sandwich.  It just does.  
Lawd
That'll cure future hangovers!
Jesus H, does that look good.  
NEED THIS RECIPE!!! What do you guys think [healthy or junk?](http://efthegym.com/2015/11/02/healthy-or-junk/?utm_medium=social&amp;utm_source=Reddit&amp;utm_campaign=natalie)
I need to change my pants...
Where's the damn creme fraische?!
Has anyone ever noticed that buttermilk is more buttery than regular milk even though it's milk with the butter taken out?
What time does the market close on Saturday? I've always tried getting out there, but my schedule is shit. 
You have now put Smorgasburg, NY on the map, my friend :D
And what's the price of the burger? 
That. Is. Beautiful! 
This looks like how restaurants in my town make their food when they first open up for business. Then a year later, it's half the amount.
This picture has had me all tore up all day.
Doesn't sound like it taste good. But it sure looks like it does.
I'm getting this next time I'm home.  Do you know what the stand was called?
wasn't hungry and now I am.
Yum!
how much, OP?
It's....beautiful
I need something like this in Los Angeles. Anyone know of anyplace?
winning 
Is this Smorgasburg a city in NY, or a restaurant?
thats pretty intense
With the breading scratch up my gums?
If any of you guys are interested in a cemita without paying ~15$ and waiting in stuffy lines for an hour, head to any of the Mexican joints between the 90th and 82nd street stations on the 7 train 
lol Smorgasburg - Smorgasborg is a pretty common term in Scandahoovian Minnesota
"Can you believe it's from McDonald's?"
Sweet gentle Jesus that looks good.
It's late now and I'm hungry. Gotta grab one tommorrow.
I just ate , not hungry at all.... But I would definitely still eat that right now 
I don't like sandwiches that are clearly so big they're impossible to eat in manageable bites. Sandwiches should let you get all elements of the sandwich each bite. No way with this monstrosity. 
Fuck being on a diet it hurts just to look at the sandwich 
OP:If you feel a sharp pain under your left shoulder blade in a few hours,rush to the ER...it's your gallbladder, and it wants to get the fuck out of you ASAP.
Brah will you fedex me one of those?
Looks Delicious 
What's so special about that sandwich ? Buttermilk ?
That looks really good!  What restaurant is this from?
Ah, yes.  The Cemitas truck.  Every time I think I'm just going to eat half, I eat the whole thing.  And then I go wait in line for an ice cream sandwich.
That chicken looks good - all the other stuff nah
Is NY in the South? No? Come try our fried chicken bitches 
Am I the only one that can see the raw chicken in there? The big piece of chicken isn't cooked properly...yuck.
Yet another amazing looking sandwich that has no business adding fucking avacado.
You can have the filter back, let me take that sandwich from you 
Hey sick filters bro
no wonder why you americans are so fat.This ends up on the front page of reddit. 
you know how many fucking cooking shows there are on tv for you fatties? lmfao 
How do you even put it in your mouth ???
Looks dry as fuck. 
TIL smorgasburg is a place where people live too.
Smorgasburg!!! Love it. I usually get devilled eggs, but I will be eating that next time. Also I think the filter is fine.
Honestly that sandwich looks disgusting. I feel like i would have a heartattack just from eating the bread. Dont get me wrong im not your hippie vegan whole foods eater, but this...it looks like a nightmare out of a cracker barrel.
The fact that the chicken is all on one side of the sandwich bothers me a lot more than it should.
If fried chicken isn't marinaded in buttermilk first then it isn't fried chicken anyway.
Looks like a torta with pollo milanesa, my standard Saturday lunch takeout. 
I can *feel* the tomatoes and other layers squeezing out of the sandwich as I tighten my grip and bite into it. Looks messy as fuck.
I miss smorgasburg
Half the amount of every ingredient other than the bread and that'd be great. 

We're humans, not snakes. Our jaws have limits. 
I read that as "Smorgasbord, NY"
Looks better than the one I got from McDonald's. 
Are you eating this on the toilet?!?!?
I can feel the potential  heart attack in this picture
Do you deliver to the upper west side
I want my tongue inside of this sandwich. Do you understand?
I approve this message
yum! makes my computer screen look delicious
My innocence is tarnished! Till I came across this post, I used to think "smorgasbord" was a fancy schmancy name for a surfing board.

LE SIGH.
Why is the meat so yellow?
yeah prob only cost $20
What a waste of food, unless it feeds 8? 
Ridiculous US excess of the worst mind
Why would you not get the ramen burger... Clearly the best deal there. 
Fried chicken

New York

Hm...
Your death creeps just a touch closer. The heart attack will be the worst of it ...GOOD LUCK!
Gelarto Rosa? Went there 3 times last time I was in Budapest (for 2 days). Did you get a "happy ending"? They put what is essentially melted nutella in the bottom of the cone. 
Tell us more... What flavor?
Ice creams In Budapest my, my hidden treasure chest
I lived in budapest for 5 years, what a great city...

Pro tip: Best combo at that spot:  Basil Lemon and Salted Caramel.  

Sounds odd but trust me, its legit!
Smells like L'Air De Panache
Makes me Hungary 
a hidden treasure chest
Reminds me of Amorino in New York, a gelato place that's popular with NYU students http://www.yelp.com/biz/amorino-new-york
Looks Pretty 
I want a house in Budapest 
Try and unsee the human tongues.
at our first "pharma" ice creamery in 'pest, the seller says "you know this has alcohol in it?" to which my companion replies "that's the point!"
Did you get it right by St Peters church along the square?
♬ ice cream in Budapest, my, frozen deliciousness ♬
Looks like the BudaBEST
This picture has stayed fresh for hours. I was expecting to see some melting by now...
wish I was in Budapest right now so I could plow Aletta Ocean
I'll gladly take the downvotes for this, but I first thought, "Hey this looks like a prolapse", after looking at this picture. I've been way too desensitized. Thanks, Internet. :/ 
If I were you, I want to say" I'm so sorry to eat you...." to the Ice Cream......  but I like it ^^
I'm studying abroad in Budapest this next semester. If I wasn't excites before then I am now! Ice cream and am ancient Roman city nearby. I'll be in heaven. 
Baristas get some serious competition now.
I saw these guys too! They had a board you could put your face in and take a photo. 
http://imgur.com/sXoTij4
[I had the younger sister of this same Gelato in Paris a few years ago](http://i.imgur.com/3pZqxb0.jpg)


Looks like another creamy gelato with rich natural ingredients. [http://imgur.com/03yWHC3](http://imgur.com/03yWHC3)
Man, that makes me hungary for some ice cream. 
My house in Budapest, my hidden treasure chest
http://imgur.com/zzPLNv3

Looks like from Amorino but mine was in London 
how do i repost to r/icecreamery? very cool!
Is this in a cup or cone? How do they serve the ice cream like that?

It looks beautiful and delicious. I want to eat it.
That's just gorgeous. 
ahhh shizzle  stayed in the hotel like 20 meters from that place! ice cream for breakfast every day! 
I really regret not trying that while I was in Budapest this past summer. Literally feet from my hostel and I still never tried it.
why can't ice cream be this cool in the US!? 
I've been to this ice cream place, although in my memory it was gelato. Probably the best dessert I've ever had, even though I can't remember which flavors I chose.
Rosebud . . . 
Makes me Hungary. 
I want to try some！！！
/r/mildlyvagina
I love art put into simple food. This is a great example! 
https://media1.giphy.com/media/1ktwfTjwaQzde/giphy.gif
OK, sold!
I can't un-see how the red of the ice cream looks just like human tongues
I am going to visit their next month! I will keep this thing in mind! 
As delicious as this looks... I can't help but wonder how messy that thing was when it started melting all over your entire hand lol.
A city I need to see. I really want a holiday there. 
Stayed in Budapest for one month on two separate occasions, have never seen ice cream served like that... maybe it's time to consider a third visit.
Oh my god if that's rose flavour as well then shiiiii!
 It looks so good and  very creamy.
oh my f**k!
Oh wow. I would have second thoughts about eating this one 
That looks so good.
You and I remember budapest very differently...
Pretty, but looks like it would start getting drippy real fast.
I hate gelato in the states now because it doesn't even compare to Budapest's
I've been there. It's awesome
Left Byudapest eahrleh this morning. 
You and I remember Budapest very differently.
The food there must be Budapest
damn, that's almost too pretty to eat.
In Paris theres a ice cream place that does that.
Looks like Amorino gelato! I know there are shops in Spain and France!
Did you buy that because you were hungary?  *cough*
Holy fuck I think I went to this stall earlier in the summer.

This was the little ice cream thing just outside of the cathedrial, right?
Amorino
I'm watching Little Shop of Horrors and all I can think is "Feed me Seymour!"
that ice cream in budapest looks like a flower
That ice cream looks food-a-best. :3
[deleted]
That's a strange fleshlight.
I may be fickle but is no one going to comment on how the colors should be different?
Damn it, now I'm hungary.
Errmagerrd
i just poured Herscheys all over my ice cream and stupidly read the ingredients - HF corn syrup, corn syrup ,water....i basically just poured sugary oil over my ice cream...
Food poisoning in Budapest
I got excited because the thumbnail led me to believe it was Swedish meatball pizza.
Just need some mashed potatoes an Lingon Berries.....mmmmm
Forsen? WHAT HAVE THEY DONE TO YOU!
I am Swedish and i have never in my life eaten meatballs that are served IN the brunsås (gravy). This is not Swedish meatballs.
Right. So, I just need to add a few things to set this straight:

* If you start off with pre-made meatballs, it's not a meatball recipe, it's a sauce recipe. If the meatballs are only pork, I'm very hesitant to call them Swedish meatballs but I'll allow this as there might be regional variants.
* If there's Worchestershire sauce, mustard or honey in the meatball sauce, it's not a Swedish meatball recipe. 
* If the sauce does not contain cream, soy and stock it's not a proper sauce for Swedish meatballs.

If your recipe does not comply to these rules, you may be cooking meatballs, but you're not cooking Swedish meatballs. 


Now, when it comes to the eating: 

* If you eat the meatballs+gravy with egg noodles, you're doing it wrong. We're not talking about Italian meatballs here.
* If you eat the meatballs+gravy with ketchup, you're doing it wrong. We're not talking about Italian meatbaslls here.
* The correct way to eat Swedish Meatballs is with gravy, boiled or mashed potatoes (no garlic flavor! We're not talking about Italian meatballs here!), lingonberry jam (I'll allow blackcurrant jelly as a substitute) and veggies if you feel like it. Everything else is doing it wrong.

Sorry for the tough love, but it had to be said.
Seasoned with a hint of horse.

;)
Piss poor recipe for swedish meatballs. Ideally you should combine one pound of ground beef with one pound of ground pork. The recipe omits two important spices that make it a swedish meatball- nutmeg and allspice which you should use. Mix in a slurry of 1/2 cup milk, 2 eggs, breadcrumbs, and spices until it comes together as a cohesive meatball product.
I'm sorry but how is this a Swedish meatball recipe if it starts with "around 500g free range pork meatballs?" The meatball is what makes it Swedish!
These are the real swedish meatballs https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C8Wu3Bps9ic
Damn and I'm over here eating a .69 cent pot pie. 
I love how all this Swedish (or not Swedish as suggested by some) food is showing up on my front page all of a sudden when I just started learning Swedish like a week ago :v
Swedish-ish meatballs Not Swedish meatballs.
What would you serve with these? Rice? Potatoes?
What is double cream?

I'm confused by creams....most of the ones I use are only sold in Hispanic markets (table cream, medium cream, etc).
Recipe: http://www.thelondoner.me/2013/12/swedish-meatball-recipe.html

Now I have the desire to go to IKEA.
I would do DAMAGE to that.

Swedish meatballs are always my first stop at a potluck
http://i.imgur.com/Ip5G6If.jpg
That's a Swedish meatball.
The sauce looks killer, even if it's not the normal gravy.
It's called *köttbullar* and it tastes amazing.

Edit: Seems like even something so marginal like italics can bother someone. I apologize.
As a swede these recipe make me so sad. The pictures always the meatballs pre drenched in sauce. Now nothing wrong with drenching them in sauce later, but it should not be done in the pan.

Meatballs are not a complicated procedure. Grab some *blandfärs* (Mixed pork and beef combo of ground meat), mix it yourself if you have to, 70% beef and 30% pork is the best mix. Then grate or finely chop a onion (yellow), you shouldn't need more than one per half a kilo of meat but it's technically to taste, though at that point you're on your own. Toss an egg in and if you have some leftover potato that'll do nicely. Say some leftover mashed potatoes or boiled potatoes, grate/finely chop as needed, note that this is an optional step. Add salt and pepper, do not add ANY other spice if you want it to be Swedish meatballs. Once this is mixed together make little balls, fry them separate from any sauce, make a sauce (brown sauce is the best). 

Serve with variant of non fried potato of choice, the sauce and most importantly lingonberries, the berries are not optional you heathens, I repeat NOT OPTIONAL!

Sincerely swede before his morning coffee.
Looks tasty, whenever anyone posts about Swedish Meatballs, I have to post this.


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bVLkxSSvegc

=]
Yeah, but from which planet?  https://youtube.com/watch?v=bVLkxSSvegc
Thanks for the recipe!
[Can't hear the phrase "Swedish Meatballs" without thinking of this now.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C8Wu3Bps9ic)
Swedish meatballs. It's a strange thing, but every sentient race has its own version of these Swedish meatballs! I suspect it's one of those great universal mysteries which will either never be explained, or which would drive you mad if you ever learned the truth.
That looks like some thing that would taste good, but is actually gross as fuck.

Now you just need some mashed potatoes and lingonberry jam!
Breen! You've managed to import breen from Homeworld!
I would try these, Swedish or no Swedish!
Some people in this thread really need to get over themselves. 

And can I just point out, that there is no fixed traditional way of doing this (or indeed any other dish). Every family have their own little twists. People just think that whatever they grew up with is the correct way. 
Oy you all, it's just food, calm the fuck down
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bVLkxSSvegc
I am not swedish and I dont care if this is or not swedish, I want it!
Meatish Sweetballs
Now with less horse!
Who cares if Swedish doods in this thread thinks it's authentic or not it looks bloody yummy and I want some.  
But do they taste better then the ikea ones?
Many of the items we call Mexican food are not in fact Mexican in origin, French fries are not French, there is nothing German about German chocolate cake...    
    
Get a grip.... sheesh.
I eat these every weekend in IKEA. Ohh i dig that's sauce. It's like an orgasm. 
They do look good though. Whatever they are, I want some!
Swedish meatballs have no gravy….
This post is bringing out a lot more Swedish ethnic pride than I was expecting, which is nice.
Not Norwegian?

Albondigas
~~Recipe?~~ I found it in the comments. 
Oavsett om detta är traditionellt eller inte så ser det sinnes gott ut! 

Even if this is traditional or not, it looks insanely tasty! 
Why do you always drain them in sauce?!!

Literally no one does that!
In America, we call this dish Swedish meatballs. Not being Swedish nor having any familiarity with their food ways, I have no idea how this compares to the actual cuisine of Sweden, nor do I claim to.
yes
Shout out to Ikea!
Free range pork... knob of butter... double cream... what the hell not america? How am I supposed to make the good food with hard reading?
Who's gonna serve the world tonight! 
Who's gonna bring you back some lunch! 
-swedish house meatballs 

Eventhough I just ate lunch, this made me crave for a serving of those meatballs. It's so beautiful.
Aughh foodgasm
Did anyone else see the image as green for half a second after opening it?
I'll be in my bunk...
The only recipe for Swedish Meatballs https://youtu.be/sY_Yf4zz-yo
Looks like IKEA meatballs. Also, I've never seen someone pour the sauce in the pan. The dish isn't supposed to be a soup.
Videos in this thread:

[Watch Playlist &amp;#9654;](http://sbtl.tv/_r3ryn4r?feature=playlist&amp;nline=1)

	VIDEO|COMMENT
	-|-
[Meatball Massacre](https://youtube.com/watch?v=C8Wu3Bps9ic)|[3](https://reddit.com/r/food/comments/3ryn4r/_/cwsncwg?context=10#cwsncwg) - These are the real swedish meatballs  
[Swedish Chef - Meatballs](https://youtube.com/watch?v=sY_Yf4zz-yo)|[3](https://reddit.com/r/food/comments/3ryn4r/_/cwso7ch?context=10#cwso7ch) - blork blork blork  
[Shepherd's pie ptV - mash, assembly and testing.](https://youtube.com/watch?v=Wn4b8xVTUhA&amp;t=74s)|[2](https://reddit.com/r/food/comments/3ryn4r/_/cwsotpc?context=10#cwsotpc) - Okay, James May 
[Swedish meatballs all over the universe](https://youtube.com/watch?v=bVLkxSSvegc)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/food/comments/3ryn4r/_/cwsq9kn?context=10#cwsq9kn) -  
[First question wrong on who wants to be a millionaire](https://youtube.com/watch?v=LssgdtgJxA4)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/food/comments/3ryn4r/_/cwsn8g4?context=10#cwsn8g4) - Always snapping pictures in a kitchen you can&amp;#39;t afford. Meatball Break 
[Muppet Show - Swedish Chef - making donut](https://youtube.com/watch?v=mbs64GvGgPU)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/food/comments/3ryn4r/_/cwsqhdd?context=10#cwsqhdd) - maker de donut wit de moofin and Der boomershootin!  
I'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch.
***
[Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | [Chrome Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf)
What is the best way to make Meatballs? i have a meatball recipe that i use and i love it but i don't know if i should change anything, i usually make them in the oven instead of the skillet and don't use ground pork.
Good work, Gustav.
A lot of complaining about the recipe... I agree with the complaints, as using pre-made meatballs is such a no-no. 

I have a recipe for Swedish meatballs, a variant,  making my own meatballs (half-half), adding onions, salt, pepper. Sauce I don't remember fully, got it written down. I believe it has mushrooms, mustard, honey and dill in it. It is delicious!

But I understand that's not a true Swedish meatballs recipe? Would like to make the real thing. Instead of complaining, could somebody point out a proper recipe?
everytime i go to Ikea ,i always eat this 
every species in the universe has their own version of Swedish Meatballs.
Why do you always drain them in sauce?!!

Literally no one does that!
omw to Sweden right now.
Needs more horse
Looks delicious.
Would evwn eat for breakfast this morning.Swedish or not.
Swedish or not, looks fantastic! Coming over...
I don't get it. What is the spoon for? :D
is is because its Swedish meatball so its smaller or its smaller cause its Swedish meatball? 
Does it look like IKEA?!
KÖTTBULLAR
Look chucky, I made some swedish meatballs.
[health tips](http://2day-viral.blogspot.com/2015/11/health-plans-walnuts-benefits-in-only.html)
I honestly don't know why I come to this sub. It's just makes me fucking Hungry
Good work, Gustav.
Looked like a pizza pie from the thumbnail 
That's not swedish meatballs! HERRECY!
Whelp, OP is getting grilled tonight!
Looks Delicious 
love me some frikadeller 
Bork Bork Bork HaHaHa
Fuck Ikea.
Looks delicious! Just like my recipe:)
Forsen is love, Forsen is life...
I too frequent IKEA...
This thread was the scene of Brunsåsgate. Never forget.
#foodporn
I've tried to make them twice. Each time the sauce split into oil and solids. Can someone give tips plz?
Is there a recipe for this?/
From the thumbnail I thought it was a meatball pizza 
*älgtårar*
the sauce is supposed to be served on the side.
Obligatory, "No one can resist Schweddy Balls." - Pete Schweddy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bVLkxSSvegc
Tennis, anyone?

http://youtu.be/sY_Yf4zz-yo
FORSENBOYS!
But the recipe! Where is the recipe! :D
Kappa
Where is the recipe? I wanna make them today
If using a recipe like this, could you replace beef with turkey or chicken?
&gt; I haven’t had them in years, in-fact I think they may have stopped selling them for a while after a little snag with nags, a horsey hiccup, a stable scandal, if you catch my drift…

I understand this reference has something to do with horses but I have no idea what it's referring to.
Yet another thing from ikea that I can't make look as good as the photos. 
I want balls that are Swedish. Thanks for the recipe, OP.
[heavy breathing]

brb IKEA
I love Swedish meatballs. Those look so good ... 
AKA Ikea Meatballs.
Meh, I prefer Swedish Barnacle Balls:

https://41.media.tumblr.com/ba876fb6cbe0c4fa0286e863f0e34cd2/tumblr_nwlm7cq5gz1u75st9o1_400.png
Can someone suggest a more "authentic" recipe? And it should be mandatory to post the recipe of the original image somewhere not in the middle of 700 comments
Recipe: http://www.thelondoner.me/2013/12/swedish-meatball-recipe.html

Wow, those are wonderful.  If only I could cook.  
Holy shit..Are Swedes really upset over this? Sure it may not be authentic to what you guys are used to, but obviously when one culture dish goes through a few different cultures, it may change slightly. They're great, everyone loves them and we all attribute them to you, what's the big deal? 
my body is ready
2 years old pic taken from this site where you can find the recipe as well. Although this is not Swedish meatballs as they are never served in gravy/sauce.

  http://www.thelondoner.me/2013/12/swedish-meatball-recipe.html
Vilken ört/krydda används?
Piss poor recipe for swedish meatballs. Ideally you should combine [one pound of ground beef with one pound of ground pork. The recipe omits two important spices that make it a swedish meatball- nutmeg and allspice which you should use. Mix in a slurry of 1/2 cup milk, 2 eggs, breadcrumbs, and spices until it comes together as a cohesive meatball product.](http://2day-viral.blogspot.com/2015/11/health-plans-walnuts-benefits-in-only.html)
Where's the damn recipe? These look frigging delicious and I want to know how to make them! I demand to know your Swedish food secrets! Bork! 
Hmm, i prefer brown sauce, but it looks okay....
 
Im thinking meatballs in a yellow soup/sauce might not be enough tho.. I would serve it with some bread, potatoes and salad...
Always snapping pictures in a kitchen you can't afford.
[Meatball Break](https://youtu.be/LssgdtgJxA4)
Hold on to your Ikea furniture I'm coming over for dinner!
No Pre-Dinner Mayonnaise? ;)
That is like sex to my eyes, holy shit I need those now.
Awesome sauce!
Looks so much better than IKEA Swedish meatballs
get whatever green shit that is out of the god damn meatballs!
Jag är svensk och har aldrig ätit köttbullar så där. What gives?
This is NOT a correct way to serve Swedish meatballs.
Swedish meatballs do not exist. They're a myth. Like American dressing. 
Forsen is love  
Forsen is life  
Forsen's hair looks very nice  
Forsen is sexy  
And he rock  
I just wanna suck his... swedish meatballs
Recipe????
Meh, store bought meatballs. Might as well go to Ikea, if you want mediocre meatballs... 
Faen som jeg fikk lyst på kjøttboller nå. 

Jaja, får ta en tur på ikea.
Vilken ört/krydda används?
In my ass
IKEA lux. 
what have you done
Bork Bork indeed 
No recipe? I've always wanted to make these.
recipe ?
Recipe: http://www.thelondoner.me/2013/12/swedish-meatball-recipe.html

Recipe? And do you serve this on egg noodles ? I don't eat carbs but I make a mean zucchini noodle. 
I hate ikea for ruining my 'one day I am gonna eat sweedish meatballs dream' by using horse meat. But this looks delicious
recipe please!
tastes better then american methballs
Didn't know Sweden can still maintain anything cultural about themselves nowadays with the government hating patriotism. Good on them for holding onto their recipes.
I wonder how many jokes Swedes get about 'meatballs'.
Köttbular (if you can pronounce sch, you can scream SCHÖTTBULLAAAAR)

Yours looks soo good. Im Hungry (even though im still in bed). Can I come over and eat some? I trade some roast beef if you want 
Can you post the recipe on here? that looks so good and I really want to try and make it.
https://vimeo.com/90127834 | Source, for those of you interested.
These clowns actually [made it.](http://www.supersizedmeals.com/food/article.php/20060417130038550) god bless 'em. 
Gotta love satirical humor. I like how it's a corn *husk* and not something,  y'know, edible.
Did someone just edited out Bill Hader and Andy Samberg from this SNL commercial? Their reactions were the best part. 

Edit: I forgot about Jason Sudekis
Taco, wrapped in a bean burrito, wrapped in a guacamolito sauced burrito, wrapped in a cheesy corn tortilla, wrapped in a tamale corn husk, wrapped in a sausage egg crepe, wrapped in a pizza, wrapped in a blueberry pancake, deep fried and served in a 5 gallon tote bag with a gallon of chili.

[SOURCE](https://vimeo.com/90127834)

Honestly thought it was real until the pepperoni pizza
PIZZA??? Now that's what I call a Taco!
I was completely IN until the pancake.
Have you seen the Korean version where they make a crazy version of kimbap?  
At first I thought that looked like a pretty good taco. Then some other stuff happened and I got confused.



Now my stomach just has a confused boner
Do you......eat...the tote bag?
Just when I thought it couldn't get any more ridiculous, along came the pizza, and the deep fryer!
Stack it on a charcuterie board, and you've got yourself a post!
I'm just laughing at the faces of people who haven't seen the SNL skit.  They must be thinking "WTF?!"
All those sauces looked filthy
[Have this]( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/c1/81/5e/c1815e8c94c4943c90479e553ee60ea9.gif)
Anyone else thinking that before the pizza layer and frying that looked pretty good?
Does it come with sour cream?  I didn't see sour cream.
Those nasty looking sauces like the cheese really turned me off at the beginning...

then shit got real interesting, real fast... that's a shit load of taco layers! And I'm hispanic hahaha
They missed the Scottish flag for the dipping in batter and deep frying at the end...
At first I was like yeah! Then I was all like nooooo!
Ohhh, ohhh! YASSSS! MMMMM... wait no... staph... STOP!
Where's the rich creamery butter?
For a second I thought this was from one of the Dr. Tran videos

I lol'd when they folded the pizza over it.
This will always make me lose my appetite. 
This made me laugh more than anything on /r/funny in the last month :D:D 
The good 'old Pizza-crepe-taco-pancake-chili-bag. 

I kinda want one...
I thought it looked delicious until about the 3rd layer.
I thought it was over and clicked back and as I was going back, I saw the pizza come in...
This would rival Liz Lemon's beloved Cheesy Blasters.
Bought taco shells yesterday, went home and every one was broken...
I'd eat that if you forced me.
Just in time for taco tuesday!
This was okay until the pizza...and then I lost it at the bag filling

...then put the whole thing in an even bigger taco shell and continue the process. Inceptionrito.
I've always wanted to try the Guacomolito sauce, I imagine its like mojito infused guacamole. 
Made this with a friend when we were in 7th grade. When we put it in the pot to deep fry the oil overflowed and covered his parents' kitchen floor. Classic moment in my childhood.
Am I the only person who found none of this appealing? I guess I am too used to my shitty Taco Bell, shame on me.
the pancake ruined it for me..
WHY ARE WE NOT FUNDING THIS
I can't eat right now due to dental work and this honestly causes a little pain in my heart 
Pizza?!?!  Now that's what I call a taco!
That looks decent..

Oh, more? Okay.

Wait, another layer seems overboard...

Uhm...

....

....

....
I dislike that all the times out of the years I've seen this that I have yet to attemp to make one.
I know this is a joke but i would eat the shit out of this. 
"And it will be like a taco inside taco within a Taco Bell that's inside a KFC that's within a mall that's inside your dream!"
About 3 layers would be awesome.  Reminds me of a not so shitty double-decker supreme from Taco Bell.  Add another soft shell with guacamole.  That would stupendous.  
You put a taco... in a taco. It's genius!
Watcha know about tacos?
I really want one of these, but likely have 3 bites, get full, and throw it away.
This is pretty much just the Taco Bell Volcano Cheese Quesarito.
Reminds me of [Stevie Nicks' Fajita Roundup](http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xc2hjy_lucy-lawless_shortfilms).
What does that thing even weigh? Like 10 pounds?
i laughed
The very first time this aired, they accidentally cut in an establishing shot for a funeral home skit that played later in the episode. I thought that was the joke, and it was funnier than the actual commercial.
Never seen this before, caught me by surprise
It just kept getting better and better
that escalated quickly. I mean things really got out of hand fast!
They forgot to put the Scottish flag on when they deep fried it
dafuq. i was just thinking.."when does the folding stop.."
I see that and the first thing I think is "there is no way that is going to taste good"

I need to unsub from this place, its too much for me while I'm at work
and that my friends, calls for me to take my lunch at work.
take me, won't you take me?

actually don't take me that doesn't look good at all
Do they have bottomless chips and salsa?
*We must go deeper*
Pronunciation: maryhuanaaa
Ah why post the gif, its much funnier with sound.  
Was one of the layers paper?
A taco within a taco within another taco , in a pizza wrapped in another poizza, deep-fried 
Fuck. I would order that. 
The ending: how to stress test your table
This actually looks quite delicious.
That escalated quickly.
"But I neeeeed tacos! I need them or I will explode! That happens to me sometimes!" -GIR
that was pornographic, until it got funny

It's magically delicious 
Seems a little... Too Hot To Handle.
my god that was great! my sides ache
This is still a life goal for me. I think only the blueberry pancake in the end made it a dealbreaker.
We don't have the crunchy taco shells here and I have only tried it once and failed miserably, so.. How the hell are you supposed to eat it without bursting open and spilling its contents out?!
I said stop at the pancake....
JESUS CHRIST
Is it a bad thing that I have never had a taco in my entire life? 
Pizza‽ Now that's what I call a taco!
i want that.
I love that they flash the American flag after the pancake 
Pretty sure they have this in Pawnee. 
I know what I'm having for Thanksgiving
Pizza??!!!  Now that's what I call a taco!!
Kinda like a turducken. Or should I say, tacoducken. 
This went from *"I'd eat that..."* to *"I'd definitely eat that..."* to *"I might eat that..."* to *"what in the actual fuck"*
[The Korean Version](https://youtu.be/rAzoPrKcWoY)
Somebody actually replicated this years back. They survived, I think.
Was this the inspirations for Cheesy Blaster bit?  Thanks Meat Cat
Ill have one of those...
and a Diet Pepsi
lol
Guacamolito!
I had yu guys over for dinner. Fish tacos!
You say taco town I say [Taco Time](http://giant.gfycat.com/HardSmallDromedary.gif)!
Shrek has fewer layers than this thing.
10/10 would eat
I'd fuck it up, except the corn husk
My brain and eyes say yes, but my heart, liver and kidneys say no. 
Pizza!?! Now that's what I call a taco!!
YASSSSSSS !!!!!!!
Let's play a game. At what point did you think, hmmm, maybe I don't want to eat this after all.  

For me it was the pizza. Everything before that, oooohhh yeeeaaaaahhhhhh!
If it stopped right before being deep fried, I would have definitely gotten down on that. I think I could pull out the corn husk
there are four hundred and twenty comments... fitting. btw this awesome OP
Everything was good until the pancake.
wow.
Look at you in all your glory. 
I was already like, "Holy Fuck." when they poured the cheese on. Little did I know...
Can I have one?
I think adding the Pizza is when it went overboard
10/10 would eat
I was so ready to eat that shit until I saw the pizza.
The first three layers were believable 
This whole thing is just a test to see at which point I wouldn't eat it... turns out it's the end.
This is better than sex...
No one is saying anything about the in-edible corn husk at layer 4. That's where you lost this Mexican.
Jesus, this is like the Too Many Cooks of tacos.
I imagined a track of maniacal laughter through the duration. 

I feel weird. 
Am I the only one who got a boner watching that?
I wanted to eat that, then I didn't want to, then I wanted to again. That was very strange.
What TF is that.. Now I kinda want one.... 
I get the reference, I'm old :(
Can't be more 'Murican than TACO TOWN!
I feel kind of sick after watching that...
I want this to be real so badly.
I'd like to go down to Taco Town.
Ok I gotta say,  Once you got to the blue berry pancake, that was perfect, after that is too much!
I got pretty far in to the gif before it lost me.  Pretty far...
This is one of my top 5 gifs of all time. My sides are crying.
The sad thing, except for the Blueberry pancake/purse thing, I would totally try it.

THE TACO...IT NEVER ENDS!

WE THOUGHT WE WERE GETTING TO THE END OF IT, BUT IT WAS JUST ANOTHER LAYER!
I'm eating a taco right now.
I was so ready to believe
That got way out of control
I had a dream about this last night...I finished the whole thing! I think I need to stop watching food videos before bed
as a Mexican i have mixed feelings about this, my goodness what are you Americans doing! 
How to know you are an American: When you don't realize it is a parody until halfway through, or further.

Super American: When you Google search "Taco Town" to see where you can buy one. 
Marica baby !!!!! Anyone else hear eagles in the background and smell freedom when u watched that ? 
dooo doo doo, Wont you take me to, dooo doo doo taco town!
goto and play star_spangled_banner.mp3
Epic Meal Time's muse.
How do you actually EAT the fucking thing?  It's the general size and shape of a football...
I guess i'm now just tired of gifs, without audio, of interesting videros i've seen before.  

Is it all for Karma?  Should I care about it?
That's what I call tacoception!
Ahhhh you saw that post today too
Ya, i'd like the giant deepfried american flapjack Pizza taco taco taco taco taco taco  taco special, please.

Your want giant diamond encrusted boiled in beer fries with that?
I WANT ONE. 
GENTLEMAN! TACO. ISLAND!

Salutations to those who know the reference. ;)
This actually made me laugh out loud.  Who knew /r/food  had funnier content than /r/funny  ?
Just asking. Where to buy this? Looks delicious 
But is it a sandwich?
Does it still come with the carrying bag. 
[THE KOREAN VERSION WAS BETTER] (https://youtu.be/rAzoPrKcWoY)
I would actually eat this.
Is this food porn?  'Cause I just got a /r/confusedboner
I would eat the shit out of that thing! 
^and ^^then ^^^I ^^^would ^^^shit ^^^out ^^^that ^^^thing ^^^...
This would go great with porno music.
They forgot to put the Scottish flag on when they deep fried it
This is how I 'Fold' ..Gluttonous &amp; Glorious! 
Oh man I'm just in awe..... What in the hell did I just watch? 
Tacos within tacos. Tacoception!
Food for xzibit
I need to go back to LA and do nothing but eat tacos.
that video, however excruciatingly painful to watch, was an artform.
Montezuma is rolling around in his grave right now. The things that pass off as "tacos" in this country...

/I know, I know...
it's better with sound
You had me at nacho cheese.
It's way better with sound
By the way, guacamole is extra. Is that okay?
Can you post a recipe/description of everything you did?

I want to do this for Christmas or next Thanksgiving
I'm not sure how to edit the post so all who have asked could see the steps I took on my phone, so I'll just submit this here and hope it gains enough ground to reach those interested:  

-The bird was bought from a farm nearby.  It contained no saline or antibiotics or any crap, and as far as I know they lived a relaxed and hapspy life, and we're killed before they knew it so the meat didn't have stress.  Not sure how else to describe that.  

-The brine was a cup of salt, spring water, grade a maple syrup, garlic powder, paprika, pepper, a bit of worsteshire and nominal amounts of other spices and fresh sage, all went into a roasting bag and then a stock pot to the fridge for two days.  For those saying that was too long: it wasn't a lot of salt, and there was no saline added at the processor so it was fine.

-When the time came, I took it out and dried it off, this is important.  After that I smeared sunflower oil over it all and lightly dusted it with a dried poultry seasoning, just something from the shelf with the usual in it.  I also loosely tied the extremities because the last time they just fell off.  

- My smoker is an Orion cooker, and is convection style. This enabled me to use matchlight charcoal for heat without carcinogens as the heat is outside the chamber. I side the chamber I put apple chips, a bouquet of fresh sage and thyme, four lemon halves, and pineapple juice in the pan.  I put the bird in on its stand, lit it and walked away.  1.5 hours later I came back and pulled the bird to let rest for a half hour before carving.  

-This smoker is borderline cheating it's so easy and I highly recommend it.  Just google Orion cooker for more on that.  

-The past several years I have been making the feast while MIL battles Pancreatic cancer.  She held no animosity towards me for it, but this year was able to make a few dishes so everything was fine.  The family is so grateful and pleasant to cook for it is an honor and a joy to do so.  

-Hope this gets to everybody with questions and look forward to seeing other attempts.  There isn't much I would change about this method for next time.  










In this story, how I rightfully, and accidentally, earned the hate of the woman that would have been my MIL:

A few years ago, I got on a smoking/bbq kick. I built a six foot tall smoker out of an old army locker with a fire side-box. The year in question, I offered to friends and family to smoke a turkey for them if they provided the bird. Three people took me up on the offer. In addition, I smoked one to share with my ex's family for Thanksgiving and two to donate to one of the local shelter kitchens. (Normally, they don't accept prepared food.)

Two days of prep, including brining six turkeys at once. Then, 13 hours of smoking running out every twenty minutes to tend the fire and throw on more chips (apple, cherry, and oak). 

Finally, we sit down to dinner. The potential MIL had made this giant of butterball, easily a 25lb bird. The family proceeds to utterly destroy my smoked turkey before even touching her bird. I still cannot believe how oblivious I was to the situation, but it was still the best damn Thanksgiving turkey I've ever had.
I've done my turkey in brine, stuffed with a sliced apple, onion, cinnamon stick, sage, rosemary, and grilled for the last three years.  I don't know if I'll ever change it. The salty flavor + smokey meat is great!
Meanwhile my aunt took all the meat from the fully cooked bird, put it in a bowl, microwaved it for 6 minutes, then put the bowl back in the oven. It turned to powder when I chewed, like meaty chalk. Thankfully she wasn't in charge of the honey baked ham.
Obvious a water pan smoker, charcoal or gas?

How long did it take given the lower temp &amp; weight of bird?

Entire time in the smoker or did you finish in the oven?


i did like a 3.5 day brine. fucking RUINED the turkey. it was still edible and still tasty, but way too salty.

for poultry, you dont want to brine for longer than 8-12 hours, it turns out.

i also fucked the gravy up. it was delicious but i have no fucking clue what happened to the texture. too much roux inside it i guess. either that or the roux i made from chicken fat was fucked up. figured equal parts fat and flour would work but nope. equal parts flour and BUTTER. misc. fat doesnt work the same way, i guess.

im pretty fucking disappointed. my wife loved it but i grade myself pretty strictly on cooking and dinner this year was unacceptable.
I'm usually not a big smoked food fan but that looks and sounds amazing! Well done sir. 
Smoked my first today....came out amazing. I did a simple dry brine. Can't wait to play with other brines and aromatics! 

I don't want turkey any other way now.
You need A TL;DR for the title
Drool is literally dripping out of my mouth right now.
mil is gunna be pissed
Good job....now they will expect that level of cuisine for everything.....well done sir.
Brined for two days? Sounds salty
I find that the flavor of turkey is only full brought out if you strangle it with your own hands shortly before preparation in front of some kids.  Something about turning kids off of meat while they are young to help balance my own meat consumption's effects on the environment just makes it taste great to me.  And who doesn't love hearing those final garbled gobbles?
You had me at bouquet.
Can you share the full, step-by-step recipe? 
where is the damn recipe, my man?
I live in Japan and an American buddy of mine has a thanksgiving party every year, he smokes his turkey too. Best turkey I've ever had, smoked turkey is phenomenally good. I highly recommend it to those who haven't tried 
[deleted]
I double smoked a ham, my FIL said it sucked, he's an asshole.
It looks amazing op
Wow wow wow! I mean it, WOW! Great job. *claps* I wish I could taste it!
I'm salivating. 
I get everything else, but how does "free range" add to the flavor? You listed it first so it makes it seem like it's the most important factor....
Amazingly done! Would love to have a taste of that! 
Looks Delicious 
Brother in law did this for today as well. Big hit. Soooo good
Does anyone else see a puppy?
Even though I just had 3 plates, I'll find another stomach for that. Yum! 
Well, that looks absolutely delicious. I mean, just looking at the skin vs. skin color and texture. excellent!
I have an erection.
Can you post the recipe?
Hey there, mind me asking what the brining does? I won't be smoking our Christmas turkey this year, but want to do everything I can to ensure it stays moist! 
Wow, I prepared mine the exact same way... minus the range. Cheers foodie.
!Remind me 1 year 
Thumbnail looks like two squirrels spooning.
I sleep fine knowing I have learned from.
That thumbnail looks like a planet with a moon.
Dear Sides, Wish you were taking care of the conversation is that free range anything you're missing out.
Your awesome OP.  Good job bro!!!!!!
Sounds good. But prime ribeye for me.
Got the coveted endorsement from the FIL. Nice one. 
Looks so delicious I can almost taste it through the computer screen.
Looks like the fat Bird version of grumpy cat
I'm not belittling the awesome job you appear to have done with your turkey as it looks awesome and something t o be proud of.. But to be honest I've never really every gotten the taste for the bird. Every time I've tried it (and I have at least five or more times in case I'd lucked out and gotten dud serves previously) it just left discontinued as a main flavour.  
  
Mind you, being a non American and Turkey being an uncommon meat around here probably doesn't help things much.
So instructions/recipe?
That turkey is calling me!!!
this year I once again made the similar brined and smoked turkey, as family demands for the last five years. Except with my version, it is boned out whole excepting the drumsticks and wings before brining and smoking. It is tedious and ridiculous, but a helluva presentation to just slice away.  
How long did you smoke it for?
Probably because I kept opening up the smoker or did you get started with smoking.
How the hell did you keep the skin on those slices
Looks tender af
Spatchcock turkey on the weber.  Best bird yet.
How do you handle skin?

I smoked a chicken once and the skin was rubbery and disgusting. Your skin looks delicious.
You need A TL;DR for the title
Damn!  This thread is making me want to do Thanksgiving all over again!
Looks delicious!
Went is it that Turkey takes so much effort to make it taste like something else to make it "good"?
Tried smoking a turkey years ago but couldn't fit it in my bong.  Badaboom. 
Looks and sounds amazing!
Wow looks like it turned out great!  Two day brine is a long time but I must try it with your choice of ingredients. 
We smoked some turkey breasts.  Super easy and super great results, best turkey in years.

Get an electric heating element and smoking is a breeze.
I like the thick cut. Hate when people carve them thin. 
That is LITERALLY the exact same way I did my turkey this year. What are the chances of pineapple juice?
Yum, looks spicy.
Nice! For our thanksgiving last month (Canadian here) We smoked a couple of breasts and legs and deep fried a whole one. Loved the smoked turkey more actually.
Glad your FIL liked the TD. TGD is a OIAY SOTCDFFYFAF! 
How long did you smoke it for?
Can we have the full recipe and instructions?  I.. I need this in my life..
Can someone tell me why the Canadian and American thanksgiving are on separate dates? 
Good god damn almighty. Well done sir.  My wife did a sweet potatoes recipe from Cooks Illustrated and boy was it a hit. Took 3-4 hours so not NEARLY the end game you had in mind but still awesome 
TIL FIL

MIL not happy.
&gt;Smoked a turkey this year.

You kids will do anything to get high these days.
We had a wee dry thing. Again. 
How can he compare it to the turkeys he had when he was 12 and before?
This pic of your meal does things to me... sexy things *twists nipple *sensually bites lip *drops phone from the climax
bravo
Please share your step-by-step, OP. This is going to be my Christmas project.
Can you see the dog?

Op please, recipe. 
Jesus Christ this is supposed to be labelled NSFW. 


I NEED THIS TURKEY. 
never tasted smoked turkey before
Haha, what did your mother in law say after that comment?
I am usually not a big smoked food fan but that appears and sounds amazing! Well done….
looks great
Is there a subreddit for smoking food? I'm looking to get into this soon and would like to read more about conflicting information, in order to further confuse my already limited knowledge in smoking meats. 
Oh wow I'm surprised nobody has commented on the fact that the right half looks like a puppy. On a totally unrelated topic are you Asian by chance? 
What was his name?
Dang man. Looks seriously amazing, and I haven't eaten meat in over fifteen years. 
This is probably the worst place to say this, but hasn't ever occurred to someone that anything that needs such elaborate treatment just to make it interesting probably isn't worth that much work in the first place. I know Turkey is traditional, but there's got to be a tastier, simpler alternative.
I used a frozen freebie bird (in Hawaii so choices are limited) but I also brined it even though it's probably worthless to do so. Injected Cajun butter as well. 


Big green egg, applewood and about 3 hours for the 13lb bird. We are pretty sure behind frying a turkey, this was the best turkey yet.


Who is FIL?
So this whole time , MILF was mother in law forever ??
MIL excuses herself to perform obligatory seppuku.
I want to do this for Christmas or next Thanksgiving
Good call on the pineapple. I used tangerine this year for the cranberry sauce, but pineapple might be a good addition to that and the aromatics in the turkey if I roast again next year. Looks awesome.
I did the same, but I only smoked the breast, so about 5lbs. I used cherry wood chips, with a handful of pecan shells when I placed the breast in the smoker. Tied it up with meat string to keep it together, season with paprika, thyme, and salt and pepper. Figure 1 hour for every lb of meat at 250. Baste with olive oil as needed. 


A 48 hour Brine...didnt it come out salter than you'd have liked?
My dad smoked one this year but decided to dry it out, I mean crisp it up for an extra 30 mins
Damn OP, invite me next year
FIL: Friday I learned, MIL: Monday I learned.
Looks savage 
Nice carving op!

That's how like it done.  Remove the breast whole then cut in slices from the outside to the centre.  

This ensure that each slice is nice and juicy.

The more common slice is along the length of the breast, which gives longer and larger cuts leads to a very dry and tough eat.  This is because the meat on the outside is dry for the heat of the oven.

Next time you carve a turkey carve it like this^^^
Even the way you have the bird broken down on the platter it tops!
wow, great compliment! that's gotta feel good!
Sweet mother of all Sanchez 
You are a savage. 
This is a gorgeous and tasty looking turkey.
Nice 
Spent $7 on a 14lb bird from Publix, deep fried it in a combination of bacon grease, duck fat and vegetable oil. It was the best turkey I've ever had in my life. 
still dry af though
Brining a turkey is definitely the way to go for juicy results
/r/trees would be proud
Brining a turkey is definitely the way to go for juicy results
"free range". It is illegal to raise turkeys in a cage in the U.S. So all turkeys should be cage free

2 day brine? No thank you, that's way too long. I brine mine for less than 24hrs and I'm still scooping juices out the whole roast so the pan doesn't overflow. 
"Oh free range, what did you do give it keys to the house?"
I feel like free range turkey is just a buzzword for people. as someone who has raised turkeys free range style I can tell you they are awful to eat, so tuff. we sold a few and we got comments on most of them how they where hard to eat, so we threw the remaining ones in a small cage for the last 2 months and they turned out way better. it's still not worth it though for the work you need to put into it.
I sleep fine knowing I have a lot and has some amazing recipes.
Free range makes it taste better and gives peace of mind to the person eating it. 
This is probably the worst place to say this, but hasn't ever occurred to someone that anything that needs such elaborate treatment just to make it interesting probably isn't worth that much work in the first place. I know Turkey is traditional, but there's got to be a tastier, simpler alternative.
Did your FIL stuff you in thanks?
So where did you find a 3 legged turkey? 'Cause I see 3 on the plate.
HAPPY THANKSKILLING YOU AMERICAN SCUM

https://youtu.be/1cxylsIUh8o?t=1m30s

You're still eating a corpse.
While I am sure it was delicious, calling this "smoked" is a bit of a stretch. 
[deleted]
[deleted]
downvoted, no recipe
Deelicious 
Is it deep fried? Then i dont care
"free range" hahah what a joke. 
Literally an  animal's corpse on a plate. An animal that didn't want to be killed but was killed anyway. All because you're "thankful".

Good going.
in his 60 years?
I thought you said smoked it brah
I feel like I would be committing a sin by eating that beautiful creation.
Crazy how nature do that

That looks absolutely fantastic, you have my compliments 
This is so good, Christine McConnell is jealous.
looks too yummy! how to make it?
Jesus Crust
Great work, OP! I have two questions. Were you still able to leave steam vents and also, how many batches of the crust did you have to make in order to get all that coverage?
That shall never be eaten
Beautiful, In the future I would egg and butter wash the top to give it that deeper dark color and sheen
/r/thanksgivinggonewild
How are the leaves done? Is there a cookie cutter for these?
I wish i could have a slice :(. Awesome pie. Woulda been kool to see thr insides!
I really like your crust.  Well done.  This looks like an awesome technique for a gluten free crust that doesn't hold together well.  Just piece it in withe manageable leaves
You should call this a Fibonacci Pi.
Let's see the inside! 
Oh that's beautiful 
You put more effort into that pie crust than I do getting out of bed. Good god you've made a masterpiece!
Now this is reddit worthy, 15248 thumbs up!
i'm sure it looks pretty but i bet it's not cooked underneath the middle of that heavy crust.
do you have anytime to cook another one for me?
This is so beautiful, I'm not sure I could eat it-looks too good. 
Wow it's beautiful. I definitely want to try that.
Looks amazing! Great job!
I'm assuming it doesn't have kale? As you use kale for other purposes. 

Username
Perfect
I love the leaf design, how long did it take you to make this?
Beautiful pastry work.  
Impressive. 
Ok, I'll send you my address...

Sometimes, with how people decorate their foods, what comes out looks like actual art. I love the leaf patterns on this.
Well then give me piece, you smug bastard.
I live in California, I will be expecting my peice in the mail. OP you better Deliver! (pun intended) 
I wish I could eat it-looks too good.
Can I have some op? Pretty please????
Misleading post title, should read 'I just wanted to share a photograph of my apple pie with you guys!'
Now I want pie.
I wanna say it's nice, but it's also so cruel.
Now that's talent! Looks amazing!
Beautiful!!!  yes that's 3 exclamation points worth of awesome.
Beautiful and yummy
very crafty
I would totally eat your pie.
Just lovely!

I usually do dutch because making crusts frustrates me.  But that is inspiring.
Oh man, I wanna try to do this but I know I'd totally mess it up somehow 
I don't usually get to see anything good on this subreddit. Damn fine job!
ungodly
If I could bake I would love to make a pie like this. It's beautiful! However, I am known as the one that can burn a house down while standing in front of the oven making garlic bread. 
Absolutely stunning. 

Can you give me some tips on how to make a good pie crust? 

I made my first ever apple pie for Thanksgiving and the bottom crust came out tough, chewy, and it tasted raw.

Luckily, the filling came out tasting great. 

I think I know my mistake - I mistakenly used a puff pastry recipe. And I overworked the dough :/

It looks superb.  But if i could make a suggestion, you might improve the presentation by applying different food coloring washes to each leaf.  The colors of fall leaves.   No idea if the oven heat would fade it but you could always apply it after cooking.
I can't believe you'd use "share" and "pie" in the same sentence without letting me actually have a slice.
Looks delicious! 
Showing a pie and not showing a cut piece is like looking at a stripper with all her cloths on. 
Am I  the only one who hates an obscene amount of crust on pie?
Showing a pie and not showing a cut piece is like looking at a stripper with all her cloths on. 
Looks gorgeous!! This fall I've been on a mission to make beautiful pie crusts (with little success so far). 

A few questions. Are you making the pie crust from scratch? And if so is it all butter? All shortening? Or a combination? So envious of your pie perfection.  
You magnificent bastard.
Mind if I ask about the leaves? How did you get them to stay thin like that? When I tried to make crust leaves, they puffed up in the oven and just looked like random ovals. (I didn't do the whole top crust with leaves, just used them as decoration on a regular top crust).
Very nice, how did you do the inside? Better than the blueberry.
What kind of crust did you use? This is beautiful :D 
A little off topic... how do you feel about kale?
I think you're my ex's mom
I saw this on my Facebook feed from the OP.... I love finding out about redditors I know. 
Tree trunks? Is that you?
I want to see the inside!
That's like saying "I'm going to share my wealth with you guys!" and taking a picture of money.
wow!
Is your name Bill Burr?
*Smash it.*
mmm warm apple pie
Sorry to inform you, but that is a leaf pie. 
thanks OP. when will it be arriving at my home?
*looks for the pocket universe *
I feel like my mom made this just for the guests and if I ate it she would yell at me 
I'd totally put my dick in that!
would you like some apple with your amazingly thick pie crust?

I saw this in my cookbook today and thought "Nah, too difficult."
Sharing a picture of a pie is not the same as sharing a pie :\
Dude, now you're just showing off. And I am very hungry all of a sudden.
neat.
Well done!
Looks great. Can you PM me the recipe?
I had one exactly like that for Thanksgiving! You're not my mother, are you? 
[But is it cooked?](https://i.warosu.org/data/ck/img/0046/69/1375124686220.jpg)
Um, I do believe you baked a leaf pie?!
They don't have to be perfect, varying shapes and sizes adds to the scraps, roll it out and try again!
Beautiful pie. 
That's not an apple pie. That's a pile of leaves liar
How do we know it's Apple? 
Looks very delish!
Where's ht hole. Movies have thought me American Apple Pie has a hole in the middle. 
SO BEAUTIFUL. Ever since I came to the US I think pies are the best thing ever. I gained like 10 pounds when I discovered the frozen pie section. Now I eat moderately.
But seriously, this looks amazing.
My two favorite things about fall, pie and fallen leaves. This pie is the essence of fall. 
OP said share apple with us. Where's my slice?
Can you please post the recipe? 
hate apple pie but this is pretty
Generally you don't like a leaf shape.
Must be really nice plucking out the piece to eat em!
What type of apples did you use?
This is beautiful! I have been craving apple pie for days..
amazing!! love you
I took the word "share"there very differently and now I want my piece of pie you promised.
Beautiful! And you got it to brown so perfectly. 
Bill burr is that you?
All right but dont make me wait too long :)

You should have put the leafs at Phi (golden ratio) degrees from one to another.
Beautiful!!! I might steal your idea. Also, commenting to save. 
I don't want your apple pie mama!!!
I feel like it's filled with apple tree leafs.
Witch! 
Looks amazing!!! c:
That's fucking beautiful.  
Nice job inventing the universe!
Looks lovely.

One a side note, the number of dirty jokes that can be bade in this thread are too many! 
[But is it cooked?](https://i.warosu.org/data/ck/img/0046/69/1375124686220.jpg)
Make sure that all of a cook than a baker by far.
That is one hella good looking pie.
Well, since you are sharing it... when can I get my slice? 
Beautiful creation!
This one looks gourgeous!
I'd fuck it.
Looks good enough to fuck.
Very beautiful, hope it was as good as it looks!
Is there any Kale in that?
excuse me while i go puke

I would be so honored to eat your pie. 
I'd rather have a pie that's cooked properly, than one that looks like tomorrow's chores.
That's beautiful, id lie on the table and put a hole in it real fast its so nice...... 



Note that this is NOT a pie.  It is only a picture. 
Nice but it looks raw
Beautiful pie. 
Thought this was r/gonewildd
omgz i literally can't even. I literally just turned into a cake pop
Put... put your dick in it
I'd love to have some when I get my body back b
I want to fuck this pie.
That's bs, its only a picture, don't get your hopes up here.
Too much crust, not enough filling.
I wish you would have shared your Cherry Pie ;D 
Egg wash, bro. Bro, egg wash.
Easy...but the inside counts, does it even taste good?
The whole thing is impressive, but what takes the (pie) is the manual punching of the holes. That's INSANE. It's a good thing you took high quality pictures because I don't know if it'd be worth it otherwise. This is a wedding-pie type thing.
This is the freaking Michaelangelo of pies. Awesome job as always! :) Edit: Also... how did you get your cat to stay in the picture? Haha
Whoa.  
Doesn't it hurt to stick a knife into such a piece of art to eat? Of course it's better than leaving it to spoil, but I'm sure it must hurt a bit.
I love how your cat couldn't care less. nice touch.
Sort by controversial.

Get popcorn.


That's pretty cool ... OH CHRIST IT'S HER AGAIN.
The pie is awesome of course but I really like the last photo with your cat lounging on the chair in the background like he couldn't give to shits about your pie problem.  Completely embodies Lucifer the cat from the Cinderella movie in the pic.  
where is the pie in the last photo, am I missing it? Would have been cool to put it on the kitchen counter in the back right of the photo
Serious question: Are you a professional baker, photographer, and/or designer or are all of these things just hobbies and you have a normal office day job? 

You just have such a massive amount of professional quality work/pictures that I feel like you are trying to sell me something but for the life of me I cannot figure out what it is you are selling. Your work looks like an ad from a magazine or part of a movie set. It looks like it would take a crew of people to do some of these things. 

I feel like these have to be at least some type of resume builder or something... That's why I'm asking if you work in a related field. This can't be simply for imaginary internet points... can it?

Seriously impressive work... every time you post.
Bibbity Bobbity BAM!
"Whoa how the hell?"
"Oh, of course. It's her again..."
Anyone else noticed the mouse on the kitchen floor? This is amazing.
Wow, that looks delicious &amp; it's super creative. Looks perfectly done too. My hat is off to you for what it must've taken to get that right!

If this is the kind of stuff you do all the time, I'd love to see more!

Thanks for sharing
That's amazing! I've been baking pies as a hobby for a year or two, but I've never had any talent for decorating. How long did it take you to create the carriage topping for the pie? Especially punching all those tiny circles by hand!
I can always tell when something is yours by looking at the picture (even if you're not in the picture obviously). Then I look at the name to confirm and go "Yup. It's her again."

Damn nice work as always.
I dont see a pumpkin pie at all, but rather son type of carriage 
There's something incredibly Lynchian about your work. I can't place the feeling I have when experiencing it. Maybe disorienting? Not sure. Nevertheless, thank you for sharing. 
Could you tell me what recipe you used for pie crust? Maybe I'm just slightly off in my portions, but whenever I try to make a pie crust it's very fragile and hard to work with, never mind doing anything like this. Fantastic job by the way!
How much did you worry about the crust over baking before the meringue fully cooked or it cracking the crust while it setup? Had you done a similar project so you knew the right amount to pre-cook the crust so it wouldn't dry out while the meringue was setting up?
What does that last picture have to do with the rest of the pictures?
What's the point of the last picture?
[deleted]
Really, really confused as to why people are being such dicks. You and your art are amazing! thanks for sharing.
If you really want to fuck with people post this on /r/trypophobia....
What is this?? A pumpkin carriage for ants??
Can you post a picture of it after it's cut into?
That looks really cool but the idea of that much Meringue makes me want to throw up. 
Hey, you made those monster house eyes everyone loved!

Also, what did you use to make the holes in the net? A roller of some sort? This looks great.
Are you a witch? I refuse to believe this could be done by human hands.
What's the relevance of the woman at the end?
What cat?
Fuck, that looks amazing.  You're always blowing my mind with posts.  
The first picture is giving serious trypophobia with the carriage holes.
Wow that's... I like it. All of it.
Does anyone else feel that MissMcConnell is not an individual, but some kind of mega-conglomerate backed Stepford wife robot?  Or is that just me?  Between the cakes, lingerie, and professional grade photoshoots, this just can't be some random lady with her iphone.  I wish you the best success either way, random internet lady or some fat dude who has perfected lady robotics.
There has to be some sort of psychology behind hating talented people because I hate you so much

^(^Iloveyou)
I love how you included a fail picture. It really helps show how much work you put into everything. Even if you were able to make the final product in the first go, it'd be a ton of work, but when you consider that there had to be a few restarts, it makes the final product that much more impressive.

I always tell people that when I try something new in the kitchen, I plan to mess it up at least twice before I get it right and will let others eat it.
Um yes, I have a massive girl crush on you. Thanks for sharing your talents with us!
Holy WOW is there anything you CAN'T do? This is amazing!
Amazing!  I opened it up, jaw dropped, my god his has to be that Christine person's pie - yep, that explains it.
I love your work, it's always great! I'm just curious do you ever get to eat it? That's what I want photos of...the aftermath...
This entire post was an excuse for you to post the last picture. 
It just wouldn't be a simple crafts project without a perfectly lit and engineered glamour shot!
My only critique: Looks too spicy.

Edit:  To the two people who lack any humor- look at my freaking username...  
[deleted]
How did you get the pastry cage to bake rounded? Did you bake it on a metal bowl or a special mold? 
This pie is gorgeous and I am in awe of your patience to pull it off!

The first thing I noticed, though, is the pie itself is so nice with no cracks! Velvety smooth. 
I make a decent pumpkin pie, but mine almost always cracks to a degree. 

May I ask, what do you do to prevent that in your pies?
You know... You're the only person on Reddit I instantly recognize immediately after seeing the first pic of a post. I never look at a username before clicking a link, and immediately after clicking yours I always think to myself 'Oh yeah, this is definitely Christine...". It never fails. Me and my SO are always damned impressed by your work. Thanks for sharing your talent(s) :)
My first reaction was that this is absolutely unbelievable, but then I get to the last picture and all becomes clear. I should pay more attention to usernames..
Ok so who is it you hate that is showing up to Thanksgiving? Seriously this will end them whomever it is. 
Up vote for pic numer four. 
There's even a little mouse to the side! So cute.
Pie is not even the word anymore. Its art :D
The real question here is: Can you eat it and does it taste good? (if edible, then pics please)
You are so incredibly talented, and I must say dedicated to your work for taking the time to so meticulously work on that crust!!! Dang, girl. Please please please you gotta give us some tutorials on this. I love your work so much!!! 
I knew this had to be you after looking at one image in the album. 
Hello there, this is the online confectionary police. We have to arrest you, citing you for overdoing it. We're also going to need to confiscate your pie. Thank you for your compliance.
Great job!!
Oh my god woman STOP. You are so talented!! I am floored.
Amazing cake! And you are very pretty haha.

I am super adventures with cooking but i keep saying I want to be adventurous with baking. You have inspired me!

Edit: Why am I getting downvoted for this? It's not rude in any way?
[deleted]
Deliciously royal! 
Oh, it's you!  Hi Christine, I came across your whole album some time back and I was trying to remember where to find it.  You are an amazingly talented woman!  From the food art, other kinds of art, and if I'm not mistaken I think I remember you make your own outfits, too!  Sign me up, I'm a fan!
Quite simply put.. I love you!
As a chef w/ no skill in baking, I love your stuff.
To your credit, without looking looking at the poster and just the picture, I immediately knew who made this.
Um, what kind of a freak of nature are you? That's amazing! I hope you do something like this for a business.
That pie is ridiculous. (Edit: In a good way!) So much attention to detail.

Also you have a very distinctive style. I can always tell when I come across your posts before I even see your username.
this is pretty awesome. the last pic seemed like something from a magazine. nicely done. i love the quality
I will never have this much time or patience 
You always get feedback on your photography itself, sometimes more than the actual subjects of the photos, it seems. With that in mind, do you think this particular form of public exposure/critique has changed/helped/improved your work? As in, taught you ways to light, different lights to use, etc.?
Also, I love how photogenic your cat is without trying, lol. Just plopped down on the sofa, chilling out. 
I love how the cat is giving no fucks whatsoever
That entire carriage is filled with meringue? How does one eat that?
Dang it, it's that attractive one-percenter who bakes, again.
I wish I could have a taste

alternatively how about writing a 500 word essay on eating it describing every little morsel

Also the small image to the side of your thread makes it look like a Fabergé egg
I love how relaxed the cat sits there .) Great work ! 
More importantly, how do you eat this thing....
How do you get your lighting so spot on in your shots? Its incredible. Cool pie too.
it's ok i gues
She sets off my bullshit detector in a big way. It's not jealousy, it IS good work, but the whole thing doesn't add up. I question that she does this by herself, and I question why. But apparently everyone is happy to give her all the attention and adoration she's so desperately seeking. 
Great work!

People hate on you too much. I guess you taking photos of yourself can come off as vain because you're pretty, but all I see is someone having fun and showing the world her creativity and passions.

It's an amazingly beautiful pie, a great photo (your cat is adorable, btw), and as stellar as everything else you've posted over the years. Keep up the good work and keep sharing with us!
Have you ever taken a single photograph of yourself that WASN'T Photoshopped into oblivion?  
...but why the pic of you at the end? Just why?
You could do a calendar of stuff like this.
It's simply not fair how awesome you are.  Freaking unicorns.  They do exist.  
You're like reddit's Martha Stewart.
This is amazing...should enter this in a contest somewhere.
How does she make a living?  I mean I'd love to spend 40 hours a week baking pies, cookies, and painting my house too.  
Your work never ceases to impress me.
Amazing.  
Amaze balls as always, wonderfully done.
Absolutely stunning! 
Looks great!
Another amazing post! 
10/10 would eat pie
How are you even real? How?  
At first I was curious to why a mere pumpkin pie would be on the frontpage, then I looked at the username and was like "yea makes sense..."
I am still really curious to see what the endgame of this character is.
Aren't you that artist who took pictures of yourself doing a bunch of stuff and put them together? 
Christine I came here to tell you I've followed you on Instagram for quite a long time and I absolutely ADORE you!!!! 
You've done it again, McConnell. Well done.
All of your art work is awesome!  I just want to be a fly on the wall when you create!  
Damn....the level of detail you put into your work is insane.
Looks amazing!
I love the Meringue popping out! How did it taste?
Did you make your outfit?
Was the cat really sleeping on the chair?  Or was that added in, and if so, how did you do that? 
I fucking love pumpkin pie. 
At first I was thinking "who the hell would be capable of making this??" Then I saw who it was. Ridiculously talented as always!
Are you the one that made her mom's house into a monster for Halloween??
oh my god that cat in the background of the last picture really makes it! these are amazing as always!
Ha, amazing as always. Love the Cinderella pic at the end. 
That is fucking amazing. 
That was really damn impressive, beautiful work.
I love your art.
I saw the thumbnail and figured this would be you :)
Whoa. This is amazing, great job!
Your work is always next level, OP. This, however, takes the ~~cake~~ pie.
I saw the thumbnail and thought, is this another Christine pie? Yep.
OP, wow! 10/10 would eat your pie
Why is that the last picture? 
Gotta say, she can really play up the sex appeal (even includes something for the foot guys) in every post, no matter how innocuous the supposed subject matter.
Ugh.  this fucking chick again.  Make a post without your self masturbatory selfies.  
Could you share the recipe for the crust? It looks perfect.
Wow! How did you bake it in that dome? What did you drape it over? How did you get it off without it breaking? What is the white stuff you used to plug the holes in it?
I was about to ask for your recipie since I have some pumpkin puree in the freezer... then I saw the pics lol. Awesome job!
It look like you draped the cage over a ceramic pot to bake it, is that correct? Was removing it very difficult?

Every part of this is awesome! 
This is beautiful, almost too beautiful to eat. 
major pie goals.
You really are amazing.  Thank you for sharing.
Um.. so do you eat it?
I cannot believe you got that carriage to stand upright. Terrific work.  As usual, I love how you only use basic, very edible pieces in your decoration. What recipe did you use for the pumpkin pie filling? 
That looks amazing! How do you eat it?
you know how to create a scene, your portfolio is really something. Awesome that you dig ed wood, god damn it's cold! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ZbLFXqhbQM
It's... it's so pretty I wouldn't even want to eat it! 
I *love* your baking and your style! Whenever I see a post of yours my inner baker gets so excited! 
This looks extraordinary. It perfectly captures the magical spirit of the holidays!
Wow. That is very impressive.
Very impressive
How did the dough with all the holes not break when moving it after you were done?
Saw the initial three images without reading the name of the OP, was like hot damn that's amazing...got to the end noticed it was Ms. Christine and was like OH of course it's her work. Still left thinking hot damn that's amazing. Have an upvote!
Saw thumbnail, thought "This has got to be that hot chick that does all the food / photo projects".  Scrolled to bottom of gallery aaaaaaaaandd yep.
That looks amazing and love the last picture :)
What is the white substance under the crust carriage in the first photo? Hard to picture this recipe process being put together, the second photo had me thinking it was a hollow carriage crust. 
Still not enough crust for me.
I give props to who ever sets up your lighting, This should be posted to /r/photography tho.
Oh I recognize this girl and her freakishly amazing baking skills.
You are really talented! Looks amazing!
A clever idea, well executed.  I hope it tasted good, too.
....does no one else see the mouse?!  How'd you get the mouse to pose?
Wow, how can someone eat something like this? I mean it's so pretty that I would probably feel remorse. How did you learn to make these?
That cat is photogenic as fuck
Is there *anything* you do that *isn't* absolutely fucking amazing? From your paintings to your cooking and baking to your home's awesome retro decor to the outfits you wear. Is there anything you half-ass in your life to make the rest of us feel better? Your posts are always amazing!
I duno why but I knew who did this before I looked who did.
So I just went through all of your old posts! I love all your work! You are truly a talented artist!  
It amazes me how talented you are!
That is the cutest thing.
Yes, you did
No fucking way. 
she scares me
amazing!
I'm not sure if OP is the baker, but if it's you, I've been impressed for a long time with your stuff. As an artist who loves to cook, your photos and creations inspire me so much. I'm always amazed with everything I see you do. 
Do you somehow make money from this?
holy cow that last picture is actually you?

absolutely stunning!

and your pie looks incredible.  Food is amazing
I'm a baker by trade and I consider myself pretty patient. I am in awe here, there's no way I'd have the patience to pull this off. Really amazing job.
lmao, all I saw was the thumbnail and the title, and I was like. I bet that /u/ChristineHMcConnell chick made this. How could I have known?
I didn't look at who posted this before I clicked on the picture.  Knew instantly from the first photo that it was CHM.  Incredible work as always....I look forward to seeing your next project!
This fucking lady... 
Incredible.
That's amazing, such a great job. You are so talented.
Well I WAS going to make pumpkin pie but now I'm not going to bother. I'll just sit at home and eat whipped cream out of the can.
Judging by the quality of the works and the photos, I've seen your cakes here before. Such attention to detail and stenographer's talent! Impressive as always. 
This looks cool, but the crust to filling ratio must be horrible. 
Are you supposed to eat it? The pie, I mean. The pumpkin pie, that is. 
Is there anything you aren't amazing at?
The talent man.... impressive as fuck. amazing work.
you always amaze me with your artistic skills, photographic skills and, well, everything. Have you ever done an AMA? The "We met online" post is still one of my favourites!
How is it possible that you don't have your own show on Food Network or HGTV?!
HOW ARE YOU GOOD AT EVERYTHING
Gobble gobble https://youtu.be/Q9zvgcOrTtw
[This](http://i.imgur.com/9ce09QU.jpg) is the first thing that came to my mind when I saw your photo.  
ARE THOSE NUTTER BUTTER COOKIES???!

I buy them everytime im down south.

Can't find them anywhere in canada! I'm nutter for nutter butter.
Created by my sister. She used a magazine idea for the look
Gobble gobble gobble! Have a good Turkey day OP! 
*opens fridge* woop woop woop woop woop *closes fridge* muffled woops
Adorable! But won't refrigerating make the cake hard and the cookies soft? I don't think cake generally is supposed to be refrigerated, right?
Hey OP - how did you do the beak and eyes?
reminds me of south park haha
Is there a Russian jet in your fridge or something? 
Reminds me of the Calvin and Hobbes cartoons where Calvin makes snowmen armies.
They really have a "South Park N64" vibe to them https://youtu.be/aUwXQ1aRL2Y?t=2m29s
Who else had flash backs of South Park on the N64
K is back! The keeper of the light! All hail K! All hail K! Oh K can you see by the dawn's early light...
Soon they'll be Russian to get eaten!
Beware of the Russian explosive cupcakes in the freezer above
http://i.imgur.com/9f8x6MF.webm
Can't wait to see the "nailed it" photos! Happy Thanksgiving!
Putin isn't going to be happy about this...
Why is this labeled nsfw?
This makes me think of the [locker scene](https://youtu.be/GJLeBM6-AaM?t=39) in Men in Black II. Almost perfect that OP's username starts with J.

Reminds me of southpark
The butter was the first to fall.
it blew my mind to hear the other day that candy corn comes in a bunch of different flavors now
"WE ARE HERE FOR THE GREAT GREAT GREAT GRANDFATHER OF GARBLOX"   
Reminds me of the mad scientist from South Park.
Reminds me of chicken run
Far more appealing, if not better executed than these: http://imgur.com/iXPepB5


All I could think of 
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=OeJ5GvrgE8A
Fill muffin cup with mashed potatoes (or sweet). Stick some shredded turkey inside. Frost with stuffing and chopped cranberry sprinkle. Bake to brown.
Resistance is futile, surrender and be assimilated.
And soon Turkey will be invaded by Russian cupcakes. 
But won't refrigerating make the cake cool but not hard.
I'm just imagining a super loud gobbling chorus every time you open the fridge.
These are adorable but it's also giving me anxiety that the first row is lined up perfectly and the other ones are facing all different directions...
One of us, one of us. Looks delicious!
So cute! 
Look at all those chickens!
You need to get multiple copies of [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cztadzebEns) to play when you open the fridge.

**EDIT** Or this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bxSgdVHWJoE
So jealous!
I can't help but lol at the cupcakes facing each other as if they're sentient and freaking out about getting eaten soon.
Reminds me of that South Park scene where the room of chickens are watching scenic views projected on the wall before getting their heads sawed off. Except for Gobbles.
The one that stares directly at the camera.

These aren't the turkeys you're looking for.
What time is dinner?
I hope this is where I'm headed.
That moment when you fart in a crowded elevator.
Gobbles!
U Can't Stuff This

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BlitbJKaYy0
Looks like this is gonna be a good Thanksgiving

Reminds me of [this haha](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jQSJAZSrT4E) 


Nutter butters and candy corn? How stoned was the person who made these?
I was thinking I was going to see little meat pies or something.
The gobbler is twislers. opens fridge woop woop woop woop woop woop closes fridge muffled woops The butter was the person who made these?
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=k6HwivfozIQ

From mobile btw
An invading army to be reckoned with for sure.
Reminds me of that scene at the end of Alfred Hitchcock's *The Birds* where they are all covering the ground, slowly moving out of the way as the guy walks to his car.
Reminds me of this to play when you fart in a crowded elevator.
They look the same as the ones from the post of Bellebravo...Are they?
The longer you look the more of your soul they steal and the better the cupcake.
I, for one, welcome our new turkey cupcake overlords.
Jumpin' Jehosaphat.  Are those Nutter Butters on top?  (Faints.)
J-Jerry, is that you?
Haha this is awesome
Beat THAT, /u/Christinehmcconnell
Well, maybe, you shouldn't have invaded their airspace.
You need to get multiple copies of this haha Nutter butters and candy corn?
I am willing to enlist in the battle of fighting this enemy. 
For a second i thought the wings were carrots 
That doesn't seem like a bad invasion 
Not the ottomans!!
"Gobble gobble, mother fucker!" -Turkey, Thankskilling
No it wasn't. You've put them there.
"Hail Satan"
Oh the horror!
[Gobble Gobble, my brothers](https://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/3ucp98/gobble_gobble_my_brothers/)
*conversation suddenly ceases as the fridge opens
Lucky Putin hasn't bombed your fridge ! 
They know that their consumption is nigh.. they see it in their eyes.. it's turkey cupcake eatin' time.
First they shoot down a Russian plane, now they're invading fridges... Turkey gets more aggressive by the day.
Still they will try to shoot it down. it blew my mind when I saw your photo.
Quick,  grab some dodge balls! 
Those look good af
Nutter Butters, Candy Corn, Thanksgiving, non-crappy Icing on cupcakes, a decently-sized refrigerator.

This image makes me homesick.
These are adorable! 
If they were all turned to look at you, then this would have also belonged in /r/creepy lol.
They're so cute and surprised heheh :3
Did they piss of the Russian snacks?
You need to get multiple copies of this to play when you fart in a bunch of different flavors now These candy corns are apple spice.
We have an army
Cool, but, my stomach would not be happy with me by only eating half of one xP
those look overly sweeet, cheap, and overall disgusting
Got the recipe?
Gooble gobble one of us.

They've got the thousand-yard stare!
Reminds me of the seagulls from finding nemo
NUTTER BUTTERS! NUTTER BUTTERS! NUTTER BUTTERS!
for some reason this really makes me think of chicken run.
I was worried about them supporting ISIS...but now they started invading themselves? 


Way to use up the candy corn!!
We had a thanksgiving party in my Physics class and someone brought cupcakes that looked exactly like that.
Man Turkey's army doesn't stand a chance to russia
I haven't seen those peanut butter cookies since I was a young kid! Those are some good looking cupcakes.
This needs to be paired with that turkey army sound.
Turkey lookin ass cupcakes
I can help you, Uhm, "destroy" the enemy army... By literally biting their organs off... 
holy giblets those look good
"every turkey dies, but not every turkey truly lives"  -Chef
Hungry? Why not ZoidTurkeyCupcakeBerg?
"Gobble Gobble Motherfucker"
Share the recipe OP? Those looks great.
Oh my god these are so cute! Good job! 
Giving me [South Park](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/aUwXQ1aRL2Y/hqdefault.jpg) flashbacks…
gobble.
Reminded me of this 

https://youtu.be/bxSgdVHWJoE

those are super cute!!
Happy Thanksgiving! 
My fridge too gets invaded by turkey  cupcakes
Gobbles!
I couldn't help but make a turkey *gobble gobble* noise and I'm questioning my sanity.
Can I have some?
http://imgur.com/gallery/kNSK7/new  i also made turkeys
give me!!!!!!!!!
Hmm... Look like chocolate cupcakes to me.
[Relevant](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pvRxdXF4ZmE)
Angry Birds- thanksgiving pack
This reminds me of the video where the guy gobbles and the hoard of turkeys behind him gobble in response, get quite and he repeats it a second time
Sort of like northern Cyprus...
Just don't fly through their airspace
My coworker's mother is bringing these for the Black Friday shift.
Alright you Turkeys hands up! 
Don't let any Russian planes invade their fridgespace.
Someone actually found a use for candy corn...Eh, who am I kidding, they'll just lick off the icing and throw the candy corns away so that the candy corn companies can dog them out of the trash to recycle for next year
Those are super cute!
I bet it turkeyou a long time to make these, eh? Who gobbled them up in the end? 
super cute and creative
They look ready for war
They're going to be Russian Cupcakes soon!
They've come from the future to save Goblox
Invade my fridge too pls
Those thousand-yard stares...
If they were all turned to look at you, then this would have also belonged in /r/creepy lol.
I just had one myself. Is this a new thing?
Egads, that crystallized icing!  
be careful, if there are any planes flying around outside the fridge but in its vicinity, those cupcakes will shoot it down
That looks like the turkey execution room in South Park
Quick they are pretty cute.
My wife is working. So I just made jello shots. Happy thanksgiving. 
How stoned was the person who made these? https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=k6HwivfozIQ From mobile btw An invading army to be paired with that turkey army sound.
Look at all those chickens
I don't think cake generally is supposed to be paired with that turkey army sound.
My mom has been making those same ones as well.
I keep seeing the original Southpark game.
This is the first to fall.
It makes the cake's texture awful. unless your house is an insult to butts.
Idea was from a magazine idea for the last 25 years or so also buy Nutter Butters when I am willing to enlist in the n64/ps1 south park game relevent? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gzIxx03ldOA Is there a Russian jet in your kitchen.
SOUND THE ALARM These are adorable but it's also giving me anxiety that the first thing that came to my mind when I saw your photo.
Can I invade your fridge now?
Is it a cup cake?

Well done! they look great!
I would have preferred just the nutter butters and glass of milk.
Turkey Attacks 

http://imgur.com/fK1bVOY
candy corn is fucking disgusting sort it out OP
A formidable army if I ever saw one....and so delicious looking, too!!

Happy Turkey Day OP!
Spooky
Can somebody explain what is so special about kosher salt? I don't think I've ever seen it here in Germany. 

**Edit: I'm not good with words. No puns intended. Seriously. Not even bad ones.**
As a Mexican, that's a lot of work just to make salsa.
Just wanted to be clear, there's no one, correct, only way to "do Salsa", there are myriad kinds of ways to do a salsa: cooked/fresh, red/green/brown, grilled/cooked, purée/molcajeteada/diced, with vinegar/carrots/zucchini added or not, etc.

On the other hand, I've never seen a salsa made with peeled tomatoes.

Source: Mexican and food aficionado.
&gt;"8 pints of salsa that should last awhile"    
   
that would be gone in less than a month at my house
[***I wanted seltzer not salsa!***](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=evYSwr_D8OU&amp;t=0m24s)
Salsa is way more controversial that I ever thought.

"You are wrong."
I hate to be that person, given that I don't always follow food safety rules to the letter myself, but since it's being presented as a recipe/process to other people, I think it's important to note: 


**This would not be considered a safe canning process**. 

Given the ingredients and volume, the acidulation is almost certainly below that required for waterbath canning. No discussion of hotpack or altitude variations. The oil also introduces issues, which may mean there simply *isn't* a reasonable waterbath process for this recipe, even with additional acid. For people attempting to duplicate this recipe, at least make sure you are informed of potential risks so you can make an educated decision (YMMV):

http://learningstore.uwex.edu/assets/pdfs/b3570.pdf
It was all sooooooo good!

And then you pureed it. Chunky for life.
Finally someone that cooks the damn vegetables.  I cannot stand "fresh" salsa.  I always roast the vegetables in the oven, or throw them in the smoker for an hour or so.  Some people like the "fresh" taste, but to me, cooking the vegetables really gives a lot of depth to the flavor.  I approve of your method. 
Can I ask how your tomato mixture wasn't watery?  Every time I do salsa it's not thick, it's watery and runny.  Did you boil off the water at the end?
Upvote for the Seinfeld reference.
Upvote for Giant Eagle. As someone who moved from a Giant Eagle area to a Kroger area, I miss Giant Eagle.
Nice Seinfeld reference. 
Now i want some salsa.
Nothing beats a molcajete and a abuela who knows how to use it. 
[You should definitely slap on some of these labels](http://i.imgur.com/vXvuo.png)
Mexican here....super conflicted about vinegar in salsa, period.  I guess gringos love vinegar, we use that stuff for cleaning.  But then again, we make our salsa fresh daily and never measure how spicy it turns, only the chiles will tell us once the salsa is ready. 
Damn. Nice house.
Salsa maker here. Never thought about it, but what is the difference between keeping on/leaving off the tomato skins?
Clean up following a big batch of salsa usually involves every utensil in the house, plus scrubbing the front of the stove, dishwasher and possibly the ceiling. 
I love your Seinfeld reference 
I checked out when you said "Hispanic dishes"
Apparently the US National Center for Home Food Preservation recommends peeling tomatoes before canning. Whether that recommendation comes from a food safety viewpoint or from a traditional taste method, I have no idea. The USDA is big on acidification of home-canned tomatoes.
Pureed is the only way to go with salsa in my humble opinion. If I want a bowl of veggie chunks I'd make myself some pico de gallo. 
I make my salsa in a crockpot.  I use chipotle, ghost, jalapeno and a red bell.  I stick to plum tomatoes, plenty of garlic, yellow onion.   I let all that cook in the crockpot for a few hours then refrigerate it for processing the next day (it's also when the spices/cilantro and lime juice are added).  It's always been a hit at parties and gatherings when I bring a jar and I always puree it!   I've had several people suggest that I should sell this, but I typically only make about 4-5 jars per batch and give those away.

Your salsa reminds me much of my own and I bet it tastes great, I just love to add a bit more heat :)  
Amalgamation.
Looks great. I used to do this when my mom when I was a kid. It makes salsa better than anything that can be found in a store. We didn't do the step of baking them in the oven though. We just took an ENORMOUS pan thing and filled it with the tomatos, then poured boiling water over them to make the skins pop off. The cumin and vinegar looks like a nice touch I don't think we put either of those things in ours. If I ever try to can again, I'll try that.

Did you grow the tomatoes yourself?
What was the point of boiling the jars after they were canned? Is sterilization just super-important in canning that you boiled everything a second time?
I love to make salsa.  I also add vinegar to mine. It gives it a nice bite.  I also add a little bit of sugar to offset the acidity. I like some of your ideas.  I may need to incorporate some into my recipe.  Thanks for sharing.
RUINED!!
Damnit, it's now November and I cannot get fresh vegetables.  I assume that the store-bought, not-quite-red tomatoes are going to cut it.  
I will have to remember to do this when the season hits.  I'd love to have some hot, delicious salsa.  
My mother used to make home-made salsa.  It was terrible.  She's not a very good cook unfortunately.  All watery and stuff.  It was more like sweet tomatoes and green bits, in water.  I'm sure I could improve on that.  
  
That said, I think I would have been tempted to puree half of the vegetables and chunked the rest.  That way you end up with chunks in a puree sauce.  Best of both worlds.  
"I wanted salsa, not seltzer!"
Pretty good set up. Wait till you make 20 gallon batches of the stuff and come talk to me about cleaning up ;). But seriously pretty good salsa and demonstration.
that looks amazing, sure it would taste amazing, well done to you :D

slight side note, heirloom isn't a "type" of tomato in the way that roma or beefsteak are. Heirloom simply means it is an original (non-hybridized) strain
Why do you have to boil the jars after the salsa is enclosed inside? How does that help it's shelf life? 

Looking to make this this weekend!
As someone who loves salsa and cooking, I will be giving this a go this weekend for sure!
One question, does cooking the veggies do anything special as opposed to just dicing everything and throwing it all in a blender? I've done that before and the salsa turned out great! 
Man, this looks good. But I gotta be honest, I prefer some texture in my salsa so everything being totally liquified is not up my alley. 
I thought you had to pressure can tomatoes or biol for a lot longer than just 10-15 minutes?

Something like this recipe called for over 30 minutes of boiling http://www.freshpreserving.com/recipes/homemade-tomato-sauce
can someone explain why taking the skin off ( taking skin off peppers too) is part of the process? What am I missing here?

What was the point of boiling the jars after they were canned? Is sterilization just super-important in canning that you boiled everything a second time?
Why would you go to all that effort when it takes 2 minutes to make it fresh?
I was so excited until you used cilantro. &lt;\3 I don't like it because people tend to use it and it overpowers every other flavor :/
Cilantro, RUINED!
Curious why you cooked most of the vegetables. That takes away a lot of that fresh taste I like in my salsa. 
a bushel is many times that much cilantro

What is the Mac used for, cutting board ?

Everything but the cilantro.  I'll let you know if I want my salsa to taste like soap.
Tostinos Crispy Rounds, the only way to go!
Looks great! I've never added vinegar to my salsas before but I'll give it a try. Have you experimented with adding chipotle peppers in there? I'm a big fan of the smokey spiciness it adds.

Also, why "always kosher, never table" salt?
&gt;Also boiled the bands of the lids for a bit, but I hand washed the inserts

Aaaaaaand there goes your sterilization.
looks nice!
Salsa!
Looks awesome (and tasty). Good job!
Wow those tomatoes! They look almost cgi
Looks amazing. I've never tried making salsa with cider vinegar, I've always used a red wine vinegar in mine. I'll bet it adds an interesting note to the flavor, though.
Where's the salsa, would you pass the salsa? I need some more salsa!
I've never canned before so I'm ignorant about everything you did, but why never table salt? Is it the iodine?
I tried to make salsa, once.
I just threw everything into a blender. 
Turns out, blenders are not the same processors. 
After all that work you put it on a tostito round?! Step up that chip game. Otherwise looks delish! Also to cut back on the kick of the jalepeno you can halve and remove seeds prior to roasting 
rep that Gian Iggle.
No salsa but if you do have salsa, spicy salsa - Craig Ferguson https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A3aExw7wpRg
Looks great! The color of that last batch made my bowels clench, but in a good way
Because people love to say "Amalgamation Salsa!"
Upvoted for Seinfeld 
Giant Iggle!
How much did you spend on all that?
And some people say cucumbers taste better pickled
OP is really Eminem https://youtu.be/IA58u2y4I80
Up vote for seinfeild 
My salsa sa-sa-salsa-salsalsa
I was getting a little worried until you added cilantro. A salsa is not a salsa without a good dose of that 'tro.
I'm curious what the advantage of roasting the tomatoes and peppers is. Does it affect the flavor? The times my family has done large batches of salsa, we'll "mash" the tomatoes after peeling (same method you used), add diced veggies and spices, and put the whole concoction on a really low simmer/boil for a good long while.

I prefer my salsa chunky, but this batch looks damn tasty.
Upvoted for the title.
.

Bonus tip: cube up some avocados and toss them in there.
Nice!

That would only last about a month at my house.
You call that salsa? COME ON! In Mexico a good salsa is just boiled jalapeño peppers with a little salt.
Good ol' giant iggle brand!
I always cross-cut the ends and core the stem off of my tomatoes when I peel them like that. Makes an easy process even easier. 

Excellent post. Thanks for sharing.
I thought canning salsa was a no-no generally? http://nchfp.uga.edu/publications/nchfp/factsheets/salsa.html

Basically, it is really hard to know the acidity in a consistent way unless you test each jar, so in turn it is hard to know the proper way to can them?  If I am wrong I would like to know so I can start canning salsa on the regular.
Where's the black beans and corn? :(
Can you imagine how hard it is for a hispanic person to order seltzer.  The waiter would bring him salsa and the hispanic would say "No not salsa I said seltzer"  The waiter would say this is salsa. The customer would get upset and say" I want seltzer not salsa.  A big question mark would appear over the waiters head.

seltzer! salsa!
As a kid, my catchphrase was "Did someone say salsa?!"
Looks delicious but I don't like cumin in my salsa.
Upvote for the title
I don't care about the salsa, you're kitchen is fucking gorgeous and I want it.  Also what brand of knives are those?
Only criticism is that you put so much emphasis on sterility with the jars and components, then added all of the spices in from your hand.
Step 4: ??? 
Step 5: Salsa! 
Awesome job! If you want to step up your salt game though, pick up Diamond for normal cooking and Maldon for finishing (like cookies, eggs, or steak). Both of those have a pyramidal crystal structure that tastes and dissolves better than any Morton's product.

Morton's is basically big chunks of table salt with an anti-caking additive.
I would like to have your kitchen please. K thx. 
I suddenly have the urge to make salsa.
Admit it, you put 29 in there to show off that beautiful kitchen.  :D
what's the science behind canning? how do you know the shelf life will be six months?  does it have something to do with boiling the filled jars for 15 min (pic 28) ?


As a Mexican,  Im rolling my eyes at you...  but!  I will try the recipe... 
Thats the kitchen from Modern Family!
Hey, I have those counter tops too!!
Maybe your cumin isn't as strong as mine but that looks like enough cumin to make the whole thing only taste like cumin.
annnnd I'm totally having Mexican food for dinner now. :D

This looks SO good!! I've never done any canning, and I usually make guacamole and buy salsa. I think I'm going to try my hand at MAKING my salsa this weekend!!
I was with you until you turned it into soup. WHY GOD WHY
"i used the rest of the pepper to make an extra hot batch"

How I know OP is white
My salsa, salsa, salsa, salsa! My salsa makes all the pretty girls want to dance and take off their underpants!!

You're right, I do like to say salsa!
Very well done post with step by step. Thank you!!
Try adding the mexican pickled jalapenos and especially the juice they are picked it... it works like salt and brings out all the other flavors you use. 
Any other mobile users getting a picture of the blues brothers?
TIL the difference between salsa and pico de gallo
A lot of work hope it taste better then it looks to would've left it chunky
Hey, hopefully you see this reply. Consider making some jam! It's a very similar concept to what you did with salsa so I think you'll enjoy the jam process as well.
I see a pic of the blues brothers on my phone 
Puréed? 

It was going so well...
[Seinfeld Salsa Scene](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uub_Oqwefwc)
why not table salt?
Kudos to the Seinfeld reference for the title. Have an upvote.
Coming back to this later this weekend.
As a chef, I have to say from the looks of the ratios. You must not have seasoned the salsa well enough. The salt and lime are less objective and I would bet that you almost definitely could use more. The lime depending more on the amount of vinegar you used to add the sharpness of the dish. However the pepper paprika  I would say more for myself, but that's not my call.
Why did you boil the full jars after it was all done?
Are the ingredients for salsa normally cooked? This seems more like sauce than salsa. I've always pictured salsa as being all fresh ingredients chopped up. But I'm a Canadian noob. 
Cilantro: the reason I have no emotional reaction to the word salsa. I really wish it didn't taste like soapy batteries to me... I adore nearly all of the foods it's traditionally part of. 
Looks awesome. I also can salsa and I know the amount of prepping that is involved.  Thanks for sharing the love in every step.
You did not cook those sum bitches long enough. Gotta get a little bit of that black crust.
I'm not sure this works and would love some input/education. My good friend taught me to make his father's salsa one time years ago and I've been making it ever since. He cans his like this post shows. We like to add cilantro to ours. He tried mine and liked it but he said you cannot can it because the cilantro will rot or turn brown which is why it's not in the recipe. What keeps the cilantro from going bad in this application?
Salsa really should be on the table next to salt and pepper. 
A good handful of kosher (never table) salt

Alton brown confirmed
But I don't like "Salsa".

that is one heck of a knife.
Wow those tomatoes! They look almost cgi
looks good! try a yummy smoked salt instead of the paprika for the added smokiness
Where is your cat ?
This is my Christmas project, so I'm going to save this and incorporate a couple of things. Thanks for the detailed guide :)
I wonder how many people read this and are now making salsa.
You spelled "Ketchup" wrong, Gabacho.
I didn't want Salsa I wanted seltzer! 
Is the title a Howard Stern reference?
I roast my veggies over coals for that fire-roasted element
I like to say "Salsa!" -- it was almost my son's third or fourth word and, for a while, it was a word he used to describe everything that was not his bear or a relative of his.  I think he made "Salsa" the equivalent of "It" -- was awesome.
You are missing tomatillo.  I used to make really good salsa.  Then I realized it was missing tomatillo, and now I make great salsa.  Now Mexican women at work ask me for my recipe. 
That looks amazing. I normally go thru a jar a week. If I make it, I just eat even more so it would be interesting to see how long it would last.
But does it make all the pretty girls want to dance and take off their underpants?
Gonna make some Salsa this weekend. Dont know if ill follow OP exactly, take a mix of OP and a mix of whats in these comments. Thanks for posting. 
As a dude who cannot stand the taste or smell of cilantro, are there any decent alternatives?
You're right. People love to say Salsa! They also love to sing it https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=77Ms1oCiDH4
If you have a Walmart nearby, get the canning jar funnel made by ball. It was surprisingly cheap. 
Just wondering. Where are you from?  My grandmother drilled a Chili recipe into me a little different than this (actually way different) and I am intrigued. Is this handed down through your family.  If so, from where do they hail?
This is so cool but why boil the jars so many times? Especially WITH the salsa in it? Won't it spoil?
Try to find cuban oregano for your nest batch. Why kosher salt and never table salt? A pressure cooker is a better choice to can food since it can get to higher temps. The toxin will be denatured at around 80 degrees C 176 degrees F but the the spores can survive up to 250 degrees F and 121 degrees C. My mom cans the boil method tho and I have never contracted botulism so this is probably just fine. I hope it taste as good as it looks. 
How many times have I told you? Get out of my house.


I have the same counters.
Did you use any Peruvian puff peppers?
Imagine being a Spanish person trying to order seltzer, "I said *seltzer*, not *salsa*!"
These comments have convinced me that making homemade salsa is not worth the effort. There's like 17 different recipes and 148 people calling each other wrong, and apparently 10 different "true" recipes.

Fuck it, I'm gonna buy it pre-made at the supermarket. Good enough for me.
The chip and salsa at Chevy's....

I'm salivating.
Upvote for the title.
My salsa makes all the pretty girls want to dance  
And take off their underpants  
My salsa makes all the pretty girls want to dance  
And take off their underpants, my salsa  
Used to make salsa for a restaurant I worked... If u grill all your veggies before baking them you get an awesome color!!
I like the Seinfeld reference in ops title 
mouth successfully watering.  Going to get some salsa now

Uhhh… you put the jars straight into the boiler, *without anything between the jars and the bottom of the pot??*

Be glad no jars exploded on you. There is a reason why canning pots have a metal basket for the jars -- to keep them off the bottom of the pot (in addition to easy removal from the pot). If you put glass jars right onto the bottom of the pot, it creates hot spots that makes the glass expand abnormally, causing it to crack and break.

When in doubt, throw extra screw rings into the pot, such that they sit right-side-up. A layer of rings on the bottom is enough of a gap to let the jars boil without introducing hot spots.
I prefer fresh and also don't like cumin in my salsa.  Chili yes, salsa no.  
Awesome job, looks super tasty. Can someone explain the science of canning? How does boiling  Mason jars make the food last 6 months? 
May I have a seltzer? Salsa? No a seltzer.
Looks delicious! 

Thanks for the post. I've been sick for a week and you've inspired me to make some extra spicy spaghetti sauce to burn this cold away. 

Cheers!
I've heard that when canning salsa, you have to be certain of the acidity levels because of the risk of botulism... Have you ever had any problems with it?

I ask because I made 14 quarts of salsa a couple of weeks ago... My freezer is a teensy bit full.
Hey awesome internet stranger I know your inbox is smashed, but if you see this I'm curious about how you cooled the mason jars without them shattering.  Thank you
Why did you boil the jars with the salsa in it?
You should really use a pressure canner rather than a water bath for salsa lest you make yourself horribly sick.
The salsa looks extremely tasty! I would have definitely mashed it though instead of using a hand blender
I love it, well done... But learn to clean up while you cook. A clean kitchen is a happy kitchen. Leaving it all til the end just increases the odds that it won't be done. 
I absolutely fucking hate cilantro! This salsa is ruined. 
Because when i said "salsa" i remember "Sofia Vergara" :O
Why did you boil the filled jars? 
I can't not say that just like Seinfeld when I read it 
That's the whitest salsa I have eve r seen. 
Up vote for the Seinfeld reference
That counter looks like my counter. That oven looks like my oven. 
I do something similar, but i start with twice as many tomatoes and cook them down over time. 
Just FYI for anyone interested in canning as the OP did, **do your research before you can anything**. You'd be surprised how easy it is to accidentally can something that could potentially grow the bacteria that causes botulism simply because the canned contents aren't acidic enough. If you are using a waterbath canner (not a pressure canner), the PH of the food you're canning shouldn't be higher than 4.6. In fact, the National Center for Home Food Preservation strongly advises to never can anything that isn't a tested recipe.  

I don't know whether or not OP's recipe is safe to can, but I'm assuming he or she added the vinegar in order to increase the acidity of the recipe in order to safely can the salsa. If you're unsure if you canned something properly or if the PH is low enough for safe storage, then you should either freeze or refrigerate the cans. People can find more info here: http://nchfp.uga.edu/how/can_home.html.
this is so beautiful omg
"Puréed" salsa? How could you you??
Why do you boil the jars after they are filled with salsa?
Beefsteak Tomatoes make HORRIBLE salsa. DO NOT use beefsteak tomatoes for salsa. Use tomatoes like romas.

Do not follow this post's advice. 
TIL coffee is not a type of coffee drink 
What do you call it when you pour in just enough cold milk to chug it all down?

Edit: Thanks for the gold /u/Zerklueftung, I'll pour in just enough milk to down it.
The pronunciation is all wrong. 
Great guide, but "con PAWN-ah"? How the fuck does panna turn into that?
How would a cortado fit into this?
go the flat white baby
What's it called when it's 12 ounces of hot black coffee?
What about the orange mocha frappuccino?

Obligatory https://youtu.be/98AzJT8FlmY
We in Seattle call coffee+espresso a shot in the dark. 
Panna pronounced Pawn-Nah...you're joking right?
Hmm. I drink Espresso out of coffee mugs. Properly large ones. In my defense, I think I might have seen an ad somewhere that said coffee was good for your health.

Although I drink vodka on a similar scale. But in my defense, I did hear someone mention how a glass of wine or something was good for you. So really, I'm gold.
WHAT THE FUCK IS AMERICANO DOING D:
Where is my customer's favourite?

The expresso?

I gave up on correcting them.
Ristretto?
i am italian and i have never heard of "Caffe' breve"
Italian here, here's the traditionnal Italian list :

1. Espresso

1. Lungo
1. Ristretto
1. Corto
1. Macchiato
1. Caffé Latte
1. Cappuccino
1. Schiumato
1. Con Schiuma
1. Corretto


 
Mock-e-ah-toe? Who taught you that?
[Café au Lait (coffee with milk or café con leche) with two croissants](http://www.ypf.com/serviclub/Catalogo/Lists/ImagenesBeneficios/cafe_con_leche-ypf-beneficio-serviclub.jpg) is the best breakfast ever.
Huh. All this time I've been ordering lattes, and I really just wanted a flat white. TIL.  
Expect a lot of comments from Aussies and Kiwis on flat whites, magics, short and long blacks etc. etc. 
I like the infographics in general, but this one isn't really correcrt. The macciato isn't pronounced mock-e-ah-toe. Maybe in america, but definitely not in italy where the drink comes from.
And what is "coffee" in red eye and cafe au lait?
I'm sorry, but if you follow this guide you're going to piss off all 4 types of coffee drinkers.
 
* The I don't give a shits, because you're trying too hard  
* The venti-decaf-soy-sugar-free-vanilla-monstrosityers, because it isn't a venti-decaf-soy-sugar-free-vanilla-monstrosity  
* The other sort of American coffee drinker, because they require 12 day old drip/percolated  
* The Italian traditionalist, because if you make a macchiato like that they will literally shoot you in the face.
As someone who is a novice to coffee/espresso, could I walk into a Starbucks, say any one of these names and the batista would know exactly what I'm talking about? 
Don't forget all the different ways you can brew coffee!
Cafe Latte and Cappuccino are the same thing?
I am studying abroad in Italy and they post these in all the on campus apartments
As someone who used to be a barista, this should be printed as both a poster (to be visible from the customer side of the counter) as well as printed as business cards (for emergency reference) so there is absolutely no excuse for someone saying "I get cappuccinos from the gas station all the time and what you gave me is 1/3 of a cup of bitter coffee!  I want my money back even though I drank it all!"
What the hell are these pronunciations?! Caf-ay lat-ay?! What is this, Canada?!
*#blackcoffeematters*
The pronunciation guide should indicate which syllable is stressed.
Can someone explain to me the Red Eye? Espresso mixed with coffee? That exactly is "coffee" in this scenario?
This is the most American "coffee infographic" i've ever seen.. so much missing from that list.
As a pleb I enjoy guzzling on Vietnamese drip coffee as it's most readily available in my household. 
15 years ago turkish coffee was all we knew around our parts. Life was much simpler then...
Espresso, Cappuccino and cafe au lait are the traditional coffees. All the rest are just ...
You forgot my favorite kind.. Irish! Or, better yet, Millionaire's Coffee.
The Americano is slightly misleading, the espresso goes in after you pour the boiling water. Otherwise you burn the coffee.
Source I'm a barista. Costa Coffee trained. 
&gt;Americano is just coffee and water

Sounds about right.
This will be totally useless in my country. 
"yes I would like a coffee"
"okay sir what do you want in your coffee"
"more coffee"
Relevant Curb Your Enthusiasm scene:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kLFSGiX_A_U
ay-la-mao
Don't know if I'm getting older or it's just my monitor, but I made a [contrast corrected version](http://i.imgur.com/2jm8pO5.png) for easier reading.
So many gold comments. Omguh 
You should add Carajillo. A staple of Northern Spain it is Cognac or Patxaran with Coffee.
Missing Piccolo and Ristretto for two.

More like different types of espresso drinks (plus one coffee drink to even out the chart).
This is a pretty useful infographic. I'll probably save this, actually.

Minor nitpicks:

- It's *caffè*, not *caffé*, but the creator gets bonus points for at least trying to spell the Italian correctly with two F's.
- The pronunciation guides are pretty anglicized and not a great guide to the Italian pronunciation.
- That's a *caffè americano*—they put the word before the other drinks that take it, so I'm not sure why they left it out for that one.
- While the *latte macchiato* diagram shows the correct pour order for preparing one, the drink often has a layered appearance, if you pour the espresso in slowly (e.g. over the back of a spoon)—you get hot milk / microfoam at the bottom, espresso above that, and then some dry foam on top, depending on how the milk was steamed/foamed. (It's one of my favorite things to prepare for guests because of how cool it looks served in a glass, TBH.)
Correct me if im wrong but americano looks pretty disgusting
If I walked into Starbucks in the UK and asked for a redeye, am I getting a weird look? Or does every barister know these things? 
No Frapp?
Pretty sure cafe au lait is the same thing as caffe latte except no one anywhere calls them cafe au laits. [proof](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VV-M69LLn5s)
Where the fuck is plain ol' coffee?  Black and bitter, just like my bitches!
[forgot one](http://m.imgur.com/seDsSIP)
what about just coffee and half and half?
What's the difference between coffee and espresso?

Here in the UK every time I ask for a Americano I get asked " With Milk ?" So now I just ask for a black coffee. 
Espresso. No/ minimal sugar. Occasionally a Cappuccino.
I'm looking for an espressino, not espresso
Most of them, some like red eye and Breve might be USA inventions.
I've been trying to get my dad to try actual coffee. 

For all his life he's drunk instant coffee, this'll help explain the types. 

Thank you, OP
The pronunciation is all wrong. 
Ristretto is missing 
The "red eye," also known as a depth charge and other variations, should have the espresso poured over the coffee, not vice versa, otherwise the crema gets destroyed. These are literally all I drink when I go to coffee shops.
So in the US you call it an Americano instead of a long black? Interesting.
Totally wrong!
What is espresso vs coffee? I've always wondered (not a coffee drinker).
I would like to point out that the ammount that you should always know how many shots of Espresso you are getting. If you do not, ask... especially in the case of the Americano, where the strength can differ greatly.
Surprised that it doesn't have any coffee drinks with whipped (whole) cream, that don't also have chocolate or sugar in them. What are some names for those? 
OP made a mistake. Espresso is pronounced 'EXXXXX-spresso'.

/s

Drives me nuts when people say it this way.
This is the Italian cappuccino. If you go to a coffee shop in the US or anywhere else where they had American style coffee shops (e.g Starbucks), there is very little difference between a latte and a cappuccino. I'm not even sure most people would be able to distinguish the two. The foam is just on the very top, unlike an Italian cappuccino with tons of thick foam. 
Can someone tell me what steamed milk half and half is? 
Cafe con lache - where does it fit? Latte? Cafe au lait?
What about the Starbucks coffees? I don't see those O.o
That red eye though. Jesus Christ
I know that Americano is the bastard child of any type of espresso drink.  You might as well add a straw to your warm beer with sugar added into it.

Yet, I order it all the time because I'm used to coffee with that level of water.
Where is my double tall half caff no foam skim latte?  Seriously this is what I drink. 
I'll have a green tea.
A better looking version

https://i.imgur.com/NVPBarB.jpg
The pronunciations on this are an abomination but otherwise a good chart.
Okay, maybe I can get some clarity here, so correct me if I'm wrong. I like my coffee as just espresso and foam, *but* I also like the amount of foam that you get with a cappuccino. So I always order a very dry cappuccino, expecting to get basically a more foamy espresso macchiato. Every coffee shop I go to immediately gives me what I went in expecting (they seem to understand) but there is this one coffee shop where every barista looks at me like I'm an idiot and says "You mean an espresso macchiato?" Am I wrong or is ordering a dry/extra-dry cappuccino an acceptable way to go about this?
What about Cafe Creme? It's my favorite as an American visiting Europe with no drip coffee available. 
[Frappe](http://greece.greekreporter.com/files/greek-frappe-santorini.jpg)
[Vanilla bullshit](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mrIgJ83E8-M)
This chart should also include Double Americano. My SO always have trouble when ordering her Double Americano, as noobs keep delivering twice the amount instead of twice the strength.  (It should be two shots of espresso and hot water but still served in a small cup.) 
[Black](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-f_dxLiuXuw)
Additionally it is also called a misto if the owner cares at all.
Ok not a coffee drinker can someone tell me the difference between coffee and espresso? 
Espresso Machiato is really popular in my country Kosovo. 
Will someone please explain what the "coffee" is in the last two pictures. The red eye seems interesting.
espresso and red eye, the only ones on that menu worth a goddamn
I have trouble getting coffee shops to make me a cafe au lait that is actually 50-50.  I usually end up with at least 2/3 coffee.  :-(
When I was last in Italy, I described how I wanted my coffee to an Italian lady who spoke good English, and she said "Oh, that's a cafe longo!" Basically it was a cup of coffee, just normal coffee (I'm American) and from that point on I just asked for that and it was perfect. And I don't see it on this chart, bummer.
Just bought my mum a DG coffee machine for her birthday. Learned quite a bit about coffee in the process. Funny to see something like this pop up on my front page just now.
Australia: Americano = Long Black 
Those pronunciations. &amp;#3232;_&amp;#3232;
This is so useful, I definitely need to save this
list of some coffee drink used in the world
See images : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_coffee_drinks#/media/File:Coffee_drinks.jpg

Drip or filtered coffee
French Press 
Percolated
Turkish coffee
Cold brew
Vacuum coffee
Espresso
Espress with milk
Coffee with milk
Black tie
Red tie
Yuanyang
Liqueur coffee
Irish coffee
Carajillo
Melya
Palazzo
Ice shot
Canned coffee
source : www.socialmedialoud.com
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CeTyXKanY_4
Why do people pay for like a quarter of a drink like dafuq?
I never heard of Americano
I'm guessing this is a couple years old, because most trendy places will now have a cortado on their menu (it's an old drink, but is becoming more common in other countries). It's essentially a shorter version of a latte.
Would espresso and americano make redeye? I'm using costa americano and carte noir espresso in a Tassimo machine.
a flat white should have a double shot of expresso. 
Cafe au Lait is supposed to be made with hot milk. The heat will break down the lactose to create glucose, sweetening the taste. You people are savages!
No Cafe' Cubano? 
I'm Italian. Lel.
Went to Italy. Fell in love with Espresso Machiatto (called Caffe Machiatto there, or marked coffee) and I absolutely cannot get a Starbucks person to make a proper Espresso Machiatto here. Usually wind up with a latte Machiatto, even when I spell it out pretty simply. 
The most important thing I've ever learned about coffee... 



Kaffee mit Milch... From my days in Germany... Delicious, especially with a meat and cheese platter mit fresh bread... 

I need to go back :(
They forgot all of the alcoholic coffee beverages. 
TIL White Russian doesnt constitute a coffee drink
Cafe au lait=for years I've been ordering this and swore it was steamed milk on top of my coffee.  Has to be, right?  (Regular milk wouldn't "float" on top  :-( 
Very informative! * goes to post TIL *
I actually really like americanos. I always drink black coffee at home but usually get an americano at Starbucks or similar. They have a different taste.
Is there anything special about the Vietnamese coffee that you get to mix with condensed milk?

They usually bring out one glass midway through your main or near the end and it drips for quite a while.  Then you get the glass of ice and condensed milk.

It's amazing.
Whats it called when I make a full cup of espresso and am wired for a couple hours but my butthole is screaming?
Where's the Double Double
Isn't cappuccino supposed to be 1/3s of espresso, steamed milk, and foam?
Number one is all you need!
Wheres the black one.
TIL so much about something I hate to drink. Oh well.
The Red Eye is wrong.  The espresso goes on top of the coffee...you know, which creates a darker spot in the middle of the coffee.  An "eye", if you will.  Some might even say it appears red.
Clearly discriminating against instant coffee
Great guide but I think it's a little misleading, it makes all coffee types it look like they are the same size in oz.  
I see 12 pictures of the same milk and coffee bullshit or whatevers
where is the mocha choca frappe latte exceptionale ?
Whereas, cafe con leche or maitokahvi would be good to drink at the bottom and caramel drizzle on top.
All this time, I thought you people were just a bunch of latte drinkers. TIL you have 12 different flavours of being annoying to regular people..
I don't see Folgers and coffee m8
Ma cazzo hai dimenticato il caffe' corretto!

"Fuck man you forgot the caffe' corretto"

Corrected coffe - espresso with grappa (or whatever other kind of hard alcohol you want). It's actually a more common that half of those drinks in Italy
The coffee house I go to makes a really cool drink that's like an espresso macchiatto, but with lots more foam. I call it ambush coffee because when you take a sip, you get nothing at first, then all the piping hot espresso hits you at once. It destroys your tongue, but I love it. Alternatively, you can wait 2 or 3 minutes and some of the foam will melt and it becomes a cappucino. Wait 2 more minutes and it's a latte. It's the most versatile coffee drink.
Ohhhh the incorrect pronunciation below the Italian words makes me want to shove each drink in artist's eyes. 
As someone who once worked for Starbucks, thank you for this.

I'm really nitpicky, and it really peeved me when someone would order one thing, but expected something completely different.
There's no time man! I just heat up some water in a microwave and put in a load of instant and drink it thick, bitter, and black.  What would you call that?
Thank you. My life is complete now. 
To all those child baristas working at Starbucks. Please read this. I'm tired of asking for an espresso macchiato and getting a wet cappuccino.
OP forgot Espresso Stretto or Short Espresso. We have that a lot here in Albania. I call it, coffee for cranes.  
Heh heh... ¡Olé!
What's it called when I fill the thermos 2/3 coffee 1/3 baileys and go fishing?
Where's the cream?  I like a little coffee/espresso in my cream.
Where is the mighty portuguese galão? 
What do you call hot chocolate powder with cream plus coffee?
Coffee Regulah?
I had a Spanish friend on steam that spent 5 minutes asking me why American make such disgusting coffee. I did not for the life of me understand what he was talking about. I understand now, I think. Was he talking about Americanos or drip coffee?
Ra..id A..ye? What is this exotic and foreign elixir?
The "espresso macchiato" should have the shots on top, not bottom. Also I think someone who worked for Starbucks made this because true baristas do not separate the foam with the steamed milk. Rant over.
The burnt taste of the world that drink the most coffee.
Ecspreso 
Clearly not an expert
Flat White all day long
I don't understand the difference between "Flat White" and "Latte Macchiato"
This must've been made by holding back the foam when pouring milk into the espresso and a Long Black is espresso over water.
Even an espresso with a bit longer.
being a barista was one of my favorite jobs ever. 
Where the "for the love of god just coffee?"
Kind of like taco bell... Same ingredients different presentation
So then what do you call a scoop of instant coffee and hot water?
Americano [hoh-mee-uh-path-ik kaw-fee]
It has red eye but it leaves out black eye (coffee + 2 shots of espresso) and a purple eye (coffee + 3 shots of espresso).
So American coffee is just watered down Espresso? lol.
The smug in here is pretty thick.
The last one is also called a misto if the milk is steamed. This is the only time working at Starbucks has helped me even significantly.
wrong
espresso macchiato on the image is supposed to be espresso on top. . . . not that it matters; most of this is for pedants.
I was about to comment "flat white master race" but realised that makes me sound somewhat white supremacist.
First, your pronunciations are not good. Everywhere you add an "h" at the end of a syllable, there shouldn't be one. This adds a long sound that gives you a poor accent. It should be short and cut "lat-ay" (which is not even quite that, but closer).


Second, why don't you simply give it an English name? It boggles the mind. It gives such a pretentious ring to your coffee.
[deleted]
I will save this, convince my friends to drink something besides regular coffee.... then proclaim 'you don't know what a flat white, or red eye is?!?'  'fuckin idiot.'
I believe that Flat White I first had a flat white.
Yeah, except some of these are wrong. 
For example, Moka is not coffee and milk and chocolate. Moka is like espresso only extracted at lower pressure (1-2 bar, espresso btw is 9 bars). The pronunciations on all of them are totally wrong. 
Also WTF is coffee on espresso? Coffee is espresso. Unless they mean filter dripped coffee which is piss not coffee.
It's not lah-tey, it's lat-ay.
How about: Drink something that actually tastes nice instead of this crap the Africans mix with salt to clean out their stomachs by throwing it up right after drinking?

I feel for the Africans; I have to throw up too every time I think about the coffee taste.
I hate the flavor of coffee. All flavors. Even in ice cream. What's wrong with me?
I drink Espresso out of coffee is filtered?
I feel like I'm the shrimp guy from Forrest Gump, trying to name all of the types of coffee that exist. But there's caffè leccese, Irish coffee, noisette (although I think it's the French equivalent of macchiato) there's french brew, Turkish brew, Russians with their jam instead of sugar, and as a Canadian the double double and the Tim hortons french cappuccino is my favorite 'coffee' drink.
dark chocolate cocoa powder and sugar in bottom of cup, add hot coffee, stir, add more hot coffee, add milk, top with whipped cream. 

mocha something something. delish. 
The pronunciation is all wrong.
Twelve shades of eugh my insides.
Redeyes are regional.  Here in the midwest it confuses baristas.
For the curious: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s10etP1p2bU

EDIT: Oh wow this got a lot of attention. Since Pepin was doing a demonstration I don't think he cared much about that pan. It is odd though considering he is famous for his emphasis on technique and paying attention to detail so yeah the fork on the nonstick pan is odd. 
So I went on the French omelette quest last year.  The secret is practice with a specific number of eggs, temperature and pan size.  Pick a number of eggs and a pan sized for that and just practice.  It took me about three months of Saturday breakfasts to get it right.  Once you know what to look for, how the eggs cook, etc you can easily adjust to different circumstances.  But you have to break a lot of eggs....
Made me think of this Chef making a Japanese soft egg omelette Jump to 1:20 min.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uu5zGHjRaMo


This looks amazing: it looks like a replica of a Neopets omelette 
I'm a culinary student and I consistently mess up my french omelettes, do you guys have any tips for me beyond the basic "make sure there is no color on it"?

I'd appreciate advice :)

Edit: Hey thanks guys I really appreciate it! 
I just had to explain to my oldest how to make an omelette for class.  After cooking it to death I ended up showing technique from the original drunk chef.

[Voilà - Bon Appétit!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RThnq3-d6PY)

Omelet du fromage.
is that longanisa sausages?
Bet it tastes delicious but no offense it reminds of plane eggs
unless you've tried it, most people don't realize the amount of skill needed to achieve this.
Nailed it.
http://imgur.com/9qEXH08
Fuck it... I'll just have scrambled eggs with stuff in it.
Recipe???
Looks like a very plain and bland tamale.
Nicely done!

I've been on the French Omelette quest for years... made thousands of the damn things but never successfully make anything other than a country omelette. I know it's because I'm using a stainless steel pan (unlike the master of technique here), but I simply refuse to believe the French have been making these with nonstick pans for more than a decade or two. It must be possible... 
Looks like a Neopets omelette.
Reminds me of feeding my neopets for free.
the words "creamy" and "omlette" together make me kind of queasy. this, to me, looks really gross. 
This does not look appetizing to me
It looks amazing. I love French omlettes, they're perfect simplicity. 
Wow. That looks luscious. 
Key words, "weeks of practice".
Omelette du fromage 
Thanks a bunch for this post. I spent the last four hours watching Pepin's videos. Ended up watching some thai chick cooking pad Thai. I am telling you guys, do not go there, better stick with Pepin.
Am I the only person out there that prefers eggs well done?
What's that in the background? Dates or lil'smokies?
That doesn't look nice to me actually
America's test kitchen techniques?
My first thought, "those crepes look mighty eggy." 
I'll see myself out. 
[https://youtu.be/iu7amiPEJhU?t=79](https://youtu.be/iu7amiPEJhU?t=79)

That reminds me of a similar cheese omelet I've seen in the downriver area of Michigan. ( below Detroit ) 
What makes it a French omelette?
Seems like it will immediately melt in the mouth when you eat it.
Where is the salad!
AH, nonononononooooo. You forgot zee leetel onyons.
I read this as "Creepy French omlette" and stared at the picture for five minutes before looking at the subreddit.  
Missed opportunity for finely chopped chives
Are those longganisa on the side?? 
It's a beautiful omelette, but sadly [Jiro would disagree.](http://www.quickmeme.com/img/96/96cea8a9711623f4668f8e9d3ae330619216e0dd2c90dae5cbec021a2c47f970.jpg)
yum.  heading to the kitchen to make an omlette now
It's on a plate, but it looks like an airline omelette to me
Omelette du Fromage?
No cheese? no thanks.
Tried this myself this morning here's my first attempt http://i.imgur.com/ByF6Jn9.jpg
Nothing I like more than creamy eggs
The French would approve this message. 
Solo eggs, no chives?! No cheese? Hope the toast was decent.
make a video and post it.
Could you share how to make that? Looks amazing
For some reason, omelettes make me want to throw up. Never figured out why.
Who the fuck are you and how do I get you to love me?
I misread the title as "Creepy French omlette" and stared at the picture for minutes trying to figure out what was wrong with it.
An omelette good enough that it doesn't need to be stuffed with assorted breakfast foods.
Looks more like a Norwegian omelette, really. With hints of Belgian influence. And the characteristic nonchalance of a Peruvian omelette, which is typically made from alpaca eggs.
The lack of browning on the egg makes that look completely unappetising.
Served with finger links.
Wow
Oh my god, that looks divine.  What's the texture like? 
gimme that
Wow that is impressive. its not easy to do.  Many professional chefs, even the likes of Gordan Ramsey, can't make a classic French omelet properly
where are the chives
Bravo, i know how tough it is to make it that perfect.
[Jacques Pepin has this under control.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s10etP1p2bU)
Omelette du Fromage. 
Can anybody help me find the word for it. I have a phobia of omelettes
Meh.
Just don't reddit (or procrastinate in general) when making food. I stopped doing this and haven't burnt anything since.
looks like a heart valve
Those look like miniature egg foam mattresses.
I had multiple omlettes in Paris and not one looked like that.
Hey! That's the same name as my lady parts!
I really want to try and make those, but I do not like my eggs that runny... It would be a waste of eggs.
omlette du fromage, omlette du fromage!
Omg youre eating spongebob!!
YUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUM!
Be honest... You boiled that in a freezer bag, didn't you?
.......... Damn that looks good.
If McDonald's made omelettes, this is what they'd look like. 
Need chives
Not enough bacon
well, you are the chief! looks tasty :)
Baveuse
What are the little turd things are they supposed to be eaten too?
Omg so perfect I get hangryyyy here
It's like a skillet souffle. 
This is the closest I got to making fluffy eggs.
http://i.imgur.com/qu51WX1.jpg
I love omelettes but I cannot make them at all.   

My Mum could put them together in her sleep.  Perfect,  fluffy, not too fluffy and lightly browned. 

apparently it has something to do with the breaking of the egg in the pan with the spatula.

That looks amazing! It reminds me of family trips to France as we used to have these type of omelettes all the time.
Damn, I was hungry already.... 
Serious question - I'm a bit of a food noob, and I've never seen anything like this before. I've eaten and made many omelettes but they've never looked like this. Is this a special type of omelette, or is the difference cultural? I'm neither French or North American, so maybe what I call an omelette is different. I hope I don't sound critical, I'm just curious. 
Looks incredible!
Oh my gosh what is that beautiful brown sauce he pours over?
I try to focus on the omelette but my eyes go to the sausages....
Looks a bit bland, add an explosive sauce!
Fire up the blender. 
Are those longganisa on the side?? 
Very nice and appealing.
The first thing we made in Culinary school, in fact it was our first practical exam, you either come to love eggs or loathe them after that.
This looks disgusting 
Looks like it  came straight off a McGriddle
[omelette dü fromage!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8C-hQleMFhY)
Yes, but can you pass your French final exam? Dexter did.
nice, but you defintely want to add some herbs in there.
Excellent work /u/younan1 - looks delicious.
That omelette looks so good! I can't even begin to u derstand why you shat on the plate though :( 
overcooked af
Looks like a Shamwow!
ouh la la mon cherie!
Are those french little smokies too?
Omelette du fromage... &lt;3
What kind of pan is he using?
I m frech and i never seen an omelette like that.. 
Omelette du fromage 
wait, no Crème fraîche?
I had an avocado and vitamins for breakfast. :(
I swear I'm going up the street for a proper damn breakfast!
Is it cooked in the center? I don't like undercooked egg mixture.
OMELETTE DU FROMAGE
Omlette au fromage?
Technically, aren't all omlette's French?
I love that you cooked a fancy omlette with a side of smokies (which are delicious by the way)
Its so easy. Whip eggs in blender then pour into pan immediatly on low heat with plenty of melted butter. stir constantly, cook the foam slowly= perfect fluffy eggs every time
This is a great recipe for me because I was trying to find more ways to include nonstick coating scrapings to my diet. 
French strange
That is a beautiful looking omelette 😍
It's not perfect until you stick a little white flag in it.
Soufflé up next?
That is beautiful!
Did you just take the egg out of a McMuffin?
/u/biglips31
Looks perfect. 
Using a griddle to make eggs will get it to look like that.
Why does this have over 4000 upvotes? Its a cheese omelet. . . bunch of snobs
That looks like a cheese sock.
That looks like the inside of a sex toy.
OMELETTE DU FROMAGE !
I...am aroused.
Is it wrong that I would not eat that? I prefer my eggs be cook through. I watched Jacques video, and nope, I don't care if sophistication is the thing, raw eggs are just gross.
How do you get the inside to be creamy without a sous vide setup?
TIL: my habit of failing to make fluffy eggs is known as the French omlette. 

feelsgoodman.jpg
Omelette du fromage 
i enjoyed that video. i just have a question, i have some snooty bitch insult my well made american style omelette. she lived in france and to her anything with 2 eggs is considered an omelette, she insisted that what i made should be called a calzone omelette. the classic french omelette is common in france, correct? i think she was just looking for something to give me grief about because i outdid her dumb husband when it came to cooking.
yum!
omg that looks amazing
Looks so smooth!
What's the trick? Is it a non stick pan? I've been thinking about buying a $120 non stick pan that the guy at the store said is the best they make and definitely won't give you cancer. Is it worth it? Should I get it? Can I make a great French omelette because I have a really good pan?
Am I the only one trying to figure out what a French Omelet is? 
When we talk about good food, it's always labeled French
Great job. I can't tell you how many times I've had someone stage who couldn't make a french omelet. Again, good fucking job.
I wish I could make an omelette like this. I usually mess up with the flip and end up making scrambled eggs.
i watched Chef Ludo Lefebvre make one of these babies and I think I have perfected it!  The important think is making sure the pan is not super hot and the eggs are well beaten.  The rest is by feel, knowing when to fold it.  C'est magnific!
Put... Put your dick in it. 
That very much resembles a pocket pussy
I... I want to put my dick in it?
Very good. It looks baveuse with no syneresis. 
Looks like you undercooked it a bit.  Next time try turning the heat up a little, which will cause it to cook faster.
Looks like it probably tastes nasty. 
doesn't look good like at all.
[deleted]
#prayforomlette
Fuck me that looks bland.
Huzzah!
too soon
Is that raw in the middle?
[deleted]
Looks like the egg on a mcmuffin
omelette du fromage

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AxhNzSInRHM
...and Lil Smokies. 

That is not a natural looking omelet. 
nice thanks
Erm... don't omlettes have ingredients other than eggs in them?
But does it djent?
Untill you sort yourself out with a proper snag it's not a proper breaky
Nope... Almost there
Down voted to hell for the lack of additional ingredients. No chorizo, no peppers, no tomato's, no cheese, no spices or herbs. 

Its like a plain omlette slop, its not even folded up neatly.

And you eat that crap ? ...&amp; it gets 4000 upvotes ? ...reddit doesn't know food. Clearly
Then it gets shot up and bombed by ISIS.
"and the soup of the day is 'Bread'!" 
If anyone is curious like I was, $1.00 in 1860 equals $27.49 in 2014 when adjusted for inflation.  The prices seem to be pretty comparable to what similar food and drink would cost in a decent restaurant today.

Love this menu! There should be a subreddit with just historical recipes with background info. 

Like the BBC show "The Supersizers Go". There are full episodes of this on youtube. Anyone interested in this kind of thing should check it out.
Well "forced meatballs" and "chicken salad a la jelly" sound good.
Breakfast wines! I like it.
There was a British show where two people ate and lived (somewhat) like people in different eras of British history! If you find these menus cool, check out their [Victorian episode](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8aKwYECKxVw)! Calf heads and claret for everyone!
I'll have the lamb, with blankets of veal, with a glass of goldenseal brandy

TIL food wasnt so bad back in the day
Nothing like a delicious meal follwed by a raisin dessert.


"Breakfast wines". I thought I invented that.
I suspect that one would have had difficulty eating out as a vegetarian in the mid-1800s...
Lots of folks are asking about forced meatballs. Forcemeat is a preparation technique in classical french cuisine that comprises most charcuterie. Basically it is meat with added fat in any preparation that you would think has those ingredients. In the old days it would have been sausages and meatballs as well as fancy stuff like galantines and pates.  
These are really interesting, thanks so much for sharing them! I learned a ton of stuff, mainly about different sauces. Did not know ketchup took many forms (still going by the same name,) before tomatoes got involved.

Two silly things stood out in my mind. 1) What the fuck is a "forced meatball?" (second menu,) and 2) Stale bread was offered alongside fresh bread and other items (fifth menu)
Mmm..can't decide between the calves head or the tame ducks.
Everyday for lunch they eat *boiled goose*.
I love that champagne also came in pints.
I like how boiled used to have it's own category
My female ancestor made $2 per week in 1855. It looks like that's one bottle of wine, holy crap. So, now I'm wondering if these menus were from NYC or another high-end place, or if she was very underpaid? My ancestors were some of the original settlers in Shakopee, Minnesota.  I'll post a pic of the translated letter in a min (they wrote letters back home to Germany, which were translated to current German, then English in the 90s, then printed in a genealogy book! One of my distant relatives rocks, btw).
Dinner from 1-3 and tea from 6-9. Is that the way meals were taken at that time?
It comes in quarts?

I'm getting one.

Also: Breakfast Wines.  Instituting in my home.
June, July (Summer) and not a salad in sight.
mmm boiled meat.
Soup: bread.
This is awesome, where do I find more old-timey restaurant menu pics?? I would like the fish, maybe wild duck or the tripe, and for dessert we must have oranges. Or Ananas. Queen cakes?
That American Hotel loves to 86 things. 
Tongue. 
"mumm's dido" served at the American Hotel. Definitely made me do a double take.
Here in Saskatchewan dinner is still lunch time and supper is at dinner time.. So we eat breakfast then dinner and then supper.. Old school..
Raisins. 
Is "Stale Bread" still served? Am I an idiot for finding its inclusion hilarious?
Just curious, anybody have any idea why there aren't prices on the food but there are prices on the alcohol? 
"Fish Balls". Yum! 
All I wanted was some pita chips and a diet slice
Too soon for spaghetti?
Anyone who was vegetarian would have been pretty screwed, but I guess that wasn't a thing back then.
Every wine is a breakfast wine if you try hard enough
I guess Crab Cakes weren't really a thing in Baltimore yet :(
I was not expecting to see roast pigeon.
Is it just me or the alcohol prices were pretty high back then? 

Seems that the rate of inflation between then and now isn't all that bad, as compared to f;of prices. 
It's interesting that the word "Dessert" refers to coffee and assorted nuts and raisins. Has the course changed its meaning over time?
Honestly, why so much tongue?
You had me at "breakfast wines" 
Holy crap the wine list was a rip off back then as well. 
Breakfast wines? I'm living in the wrong century.
Anyone think the "cold dishes" &amp; "cold meats" - just a plate of thin cuts (our cold cuts) ready for maybe diner prepped sandwiches? 

What can we equate all the boiled dishes to? A full immersion? A very wet braise?

Interesting that the going away dinner is so French.
That $10 bottle of wine in Baltimore. From 1822. Must have been fine in its day. I picture the food being delicious and fresh
That was so interesting. Think I'd pass on the tripe &amp; boiled beef tongue though. Great post OP. Thanks for sharing!
Better organized than most menus today, heh
Chateau Margaux for 8 dollars, what a rip off.
For some reason I really enjoy the "." (periods) after each item.
Interesting that these menus all seem to have a "boiled" section. I can't tell you how many times I've gone to a restaurant craving some boiled tongue only to be disappointed time and again. 
Nice to see Chinese restaurants are keeping the designs alive. 
Two things I noticed: 
1. Wow, they love their periods.
2. I wonder if because people lived shorter lives they could get away with such small text?
I'm surprised to see ice cream on the menu. I wonder how they kept it cold through the day. It was either really delicious from all the fresh ingredients or really grainy and slushy from imperfect techniques and lack of refrigeration. 
Breakfast wines.
Breakfast wines really need to make a comeback.
So where did turnips go? I haven't seen one on a menu or in a shop, ever! I'm 27.

Part of me just assumes they are now called parsnips...
Lots of folks are asking about forced meatballs. Forcemeat is a preparation technique in classical french cuisine that comprises most charcuterie. Basically it is meat with added fat in any preparation that you would think has those ingredients. In the old days it would have been sausages and meatballs as well as fancy stuff like galantines and pates.  
I need breakfast wine.
Amazing! Love the amount of work that went into setting the type for each menu. 

Fun fact: The Laura Kean (actually Keene) Theatre mentioned in the second menu was owned by actress [Laura Keene](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Laura_Keene), who attended the play where Lincoln was assassinated. She fought her way to him in the chaos that ensued after he was shot and cradled his head in her lap before they moved him to the home across the street, where he would eventually die. She later donated her bloodied dress to a museum, but a lot of people suspected that she wanted to add to her fame by holding a dying president, rather than selflessly wanting to provide a soft place to rest his head... 
I'll have your finest milksteak, sir. 
breakfast wines
I love how the desserts were apples, almonds, and raisins :) 
One boiled tongue with turnips, and a prune pie for dessert, please. 
Interesting that some apparently common foods from that period--tongue, veal with capers--are uncommon today.
At American Hotel,  you can get a whole bunch mumms.
"Sorry, is this paleo?"
Haha anyone read the seventh menu as "DIDDLE HOUSE"?
"Soup to Nuts (dessert)" comes from the traditional first and last course of a meal. It really stands out on a lot of these menus, but I don't recall the last time I saw it in a modern restaurant. 
Without proper refrigeration and sanitation back then, I'm guessing many meals also came with a free side of food poisoning and hepatitis. 
Anyone else notice the typo at the bottom. Dinner uutil instead of until (it is correct in the first column but not the middle). 

Also dinner 1 to 3? I'm assuming that is PM but either way, wtf? 
As a hotelier, this pleases me to no end. NO END. Like our work days.
Breakfast wines.  Nice
Mmm...calves' head, au cornichon...

(Au cornichon = with pickles).

Also, "chicken salade à la jelly" is trying wayyyy too hard.
I like how they have the name of the proprietor on the top. It would be nice to know the people you're doing business with, rather than dealing with faceless corporations.
So a glass of wine barely changed in price for over 100 years.  Fascinating.  You can get a HH glass for $4 in most places and some will even have the house for $3
Dinner is lunch time and supper is the meal of the day when everyone stops what they're doing, gets together, and eats.
Interesting that there is no prices for food ....only alcohol!  Thanks for sharing....fascinatingly!
I'd try a lot of that stuff!
This is extremely interesting, thank you!
"Forced meatballs" you say?
I event had to google some words. Amazing and sad to think this is going to be us after we are long gone. 
I really want to know what a forced meatball is.
These are really cool. Thanks for sharing! 
TIL, there's such a thing as breakfast wine.
I'm curious to try that cold dish of tougue.
I like the "stale bread" option!
Regarding the 1862 menu and the beverages. What is the modern equivalent to "Hook"?

Edit: found the answer- misread as "hook" as opposed to "hock."  

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hock_(wine) 
mmm chicken jelly
Smok'd Herrings
I think it's long been normal for people to eat the main meal of the day, regardless of time.
Interesting that there is no prices for food ....only alcohol!  Thanks for sharing....fascinatingly!
Can't go wrong with boiled tongue
Fascinating
I fucking love Farina with cinnamon toast!
Ah yes, back when coffee and fruit was considered dessert.
Can someone shed light on this. On the second menu for a hotel, Board is $2.50 per day but many of the drinks, especially the champagnes are around same price or even 8 dollars! No matter where you go, how can the alcohol be almost 4X the cost of staying there? I understand if it was a very fancy place but if it was very fancy, how could it outnumber the cost to live there? Was alcohol more scare at the time or was "board" just not the same it is now?
Such a great post! Love looking at this
Cold tongue, with some stale bread. Yummy.  *shudder*
TIL... Mutton is sheep meat.  Lamb sounds much tastier.
I like how boiled used to it. and refrigeration doesn't exist, and traffic moves a little dish of candied almonds.
I'll take Chateau Lafite 1834 for $2.50 please.
It comes in quarts?
Lol @tea as a meal 
Anything you want as long as it's tongue or kidney!
There's a typo at the bottom of the first menu. Just sayin'..

edit - "dinner from 1 uutil 3"
I wish it was still socially acceptable to have (and be able to order) breakfast wines off the menu
/r/OldSchoolCool
Menu 1: tougue. I guess menu typos are nothing new. 
Uhhh...  hamburger must be on the flip side?? I'm confused
Dinner 1-3 p.m.

NICE
Every wine is a great way to serve it so it was the meal of the original settlers in Shakopee, Minnesota.
Haut Barsac 1846? For that price??? I have to go back!
All we need is a good expensive meal!  Waiter!  Two steaks, whiskey and water.

And goat's milk!
I've been known to have a cold tougue from time to time...
Menu #1's punctuation is agonizing.  Do I really get all the pies if I order a pastry? It made it hard to look through the rest, although I did enjoy them.
nothing not changes :)
OP should have reaped some extra karma and submitted this to /r/oldschoolcool.
Desert: Raisins, almonds...
That came along in the day Dinner is whatever you call the main meal of the room.
If you look closely, it looks like the lowercase N in "until" was set upside-down for the part giving dinner times, so it looks like "uutil".
mmm boiled meat.
Cold tongue is Still better than Denny's fare
TIL that food was free in the 1800s
I think Prune Pie went the way of Caper Sauce. 
WTF is HOCK?.... , turns out its the British Term for White Wine..thats very unAmerican... this guys menu forgives all that he went all out to offer the finest cuisine available at the time... very American, my fedora tips to you long lost Hotelier. ps not an American
What the fuck are forced meat balls? They sound bad. 
this may sound silly, but does anyone know why the cost of the entree's is not displayed?
I can smell that horse radish.
My how desserts have changed. 
"I imagine myself here every night eating a leg of mutten with juices dripping down my bare chest wiping my hands on the walls, then i met the vegan"... To the kitchen!
CIA grad here. They still make you learn about Le Guide Culinaire and the Careme-Escoffier-Pointe-Bocuse-Boulud tutelage lineage. Haute cuisine goes way back.
Found a typo! It says "uutil" at the bottom.
bear in mind this is when slavery was still a thing.
"Breakfast" Wines?
What's a forced meatball? 
What's with their obsession with almonds!?
No pancakes with blueberry syrup?
When was lunch invented?
TIL that I was right - fritters has always sounded like a very old word to me.
Dessert...Almonds and Raisins ladies and gents. 
Really, not much seems to have changed.
The "Biddle House", almost permanently blinded me! I looked at the first one and thought,"AWW, no prices!". Very cool though! Must have been rich to booze it up back then! Same prices at my dive bar now.
Turnips  remind me of balderick
Interesting to see *"2 ^1/2 O'CLOCK"* on the Barnum's City Hotel menu from January 18, 1860.

Language is metamorphosing all the time.
Dinner from 1 to 3?? Wtf!?
Are any of these restaurants still around?
Mmmmmm..... Boiled meat!
I noticed that there was "madeira" on one of the menus...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OW_zi8n4HDQ
I love this kind of thing. There's a ship in Yokohama called the Hikawa Maru, which was an old passenger ship in the day but it's now a museum. On that, you can go into the first class dining room and look at the menu - damn, those people knew how to eat. There's a recreation of one of the banquets on offer when one of the Princes sailed on it - basically every luxury food you could imagine was included, of course - but it's all fascinating to see. 

It also mentioned that Charlie Chaplin sailed on it a few times, and to please him they had the cooks go to his favourite Tempura restaurant so they could serve it to him just as he liked it. Now *that's* service. 
Interesting.  Emphasis on meat and vegetables with little carb (didn't see rice or bread mentioned anywhere) dessert was almonds, fruits etc and I bet the slices of pie were tiny by today's standards. 
Nowadays it would be burgers and pizza galore with the dessert being almost the same size as the main course. 
What the fuck? Some days I don't get up til dinner is done being served. 
So they did call lunch; dinner, and dinner; tea in those days.
Very interesting. Not bad considering there was a war going on in the 1862 years, just a few items crossed off. I've never heard of Breakfast Wines though. Was that common?
Jeeze. They really liked their tongue back then
Seems tongue was popular back then.
Dinner from 1 to 3, tea from 6 to 9
What no lunch?
Barnums Hotel listed Stale Bread for a breakfast item.  Stale bread would have been a Bread Pudding type of dish.  

Hot Rolls, Corn Bread, Graham Rolls would have been as noted, bread or roll with coffee for breakfast.  Stale Bread a pudding of the day.

"Specifically stale bread is an important ingredient in many dishes, some of which were invented for the express purpose of using up otherwise unpalatable stale bread. Examples include bread pudding, bread sauce, bread soup, skordalia, garbure, fondue, fattoush, croutons, haslet, gazpacho, wodzionka, french toast, bread dumplings and flummadiddle."  *Wiki- Stale Bread*
The 'Biddle House' was operated by the Dibble brothers.
The fish is white fish!
OMG! The lack of cheese!
Give me the tongue, good sir.
It's interesting how seldom fried foods appear on these menus. 
Wow, they really liked tongue back in the day..
Dinner from 1 to 3?
There are literally no fruits or veggies on couple of those. And "breakfast wine"? Hahah. 
Man, food sure was bland back in those days.  But at least no HFCS
Do you guys think the wines, were by the bottle? Or by the glass? If they were by the glass, it would seem pretty expensive for back 150 years ago.
I realize that dessert and pastries have'nt change a lot since then. Compared to the meals : "Today you can eat cold tongue, boiled tongue, with potatoes of smashed potatoes". 
I feel like I don't see turnips and parsnips anymore...
The good old days when menus didn't just consist of a list of different types of hamburgers.
The dishes were much more simpler then.  Our dishes look like rocket science by comparison.
Mmmm... forced meatballs....
It's weird that back then, there was no Lunch.  Dinner was a late lunch, and Supper was a late Dinner.
/r/archiveporn
Organ dishes seem to be pretty prominent on all of these menus. I'd assume the "nose to tail" concept was less of a trend and more of a necessity in the 1850s.
So dinner was lunch and supper was dinner. Interesting. 
The alignment of text in the Entree portion is giving me an aneurism.  I knew life was hard in the old days, but god damn.
I can't explain why, but this is one of my favourite posts on Reddit!
Looked it up, queen cakes are cupcakes!
Great, now I'm hungry.
Nice work! Another thing that makes them extra pretty is before cooking the pastry let it sit in the fridge overnight, or a quick stay in the freezer before cooking it as you would normally. Holds its shape better and gets extra flakey. 
Nice work.

But does anyone have a link to yesterday post? cant find it :(

EDIT: Found it: https://www.reddit.com/r/food/comments/3rn45f/a_few_easy_ways_to_fold_your_pastry_beautifully/
why does one end have a mysterious white foamy substance on it?
If anybody's wondering, recipe is not impressive at all...

Dough:
-Pillsbury "Pigs in a blanket" dough

Filling:
-Marshmallows (or according to many redditors, jizzy stuff)

-chocolate pudding/ coconut milk mélange

Garnish:
-Egg wash

-Almond slices

Sorry for being disappointing teenagers!
http://imgur.com/V0Qq6st

Had a sort of free for all home-ec class

Edit: fixed link
Note to self: don't bake with Marshmallows, everybody will think it's semen.
Was expecting a massive fail like one of those previous posts.
Great job for a first attempt!
It looks good except for the spit.
turnover turned out. good job.
added a cumshot to it to finish it off, gg.
And now you're on the front page
dude, that looks fucking awesome. nice job.
I think u did a good job
Beautiful pastry fold! What did you put inside it?
mmm, I'd eat that. Really good for first try!
I made them too - fruit Danish filling - surprisingly easy and tasted way better than the apple roses http://imgur.com/VD17Uvq http://imgur.com/Xv60OEe
Looks great. 
Looks like you nailed it.
Did you spit on it?
I can't help but notice how much more appetizing this would look on a nicer cutting board and probably change the angle to an over head unless you had a decent background with a view.
Looking really yummy.
looks yummy
Good job!  Nice to see someone tried it and they duplicated it nicely :)
that looks amazing!
it looks awesome!
I was kind of hoping this would be one of those "nailed it" posts lol
But why did you jizz on it to finish it off?
That's pretty good for a first try. What filling did you use?

I'm hungry as hell now... Christmas pastries can't come soon enough...
Did you cumshot the left end of it?...
Looks delish 
What type of pastry did you make? It almost looks like an enriched dough, but it needed a slightly longer prove. Sorry to be critical; the folding and shaping is still excellent. 
Where can you find the BEST way to laminate dough from scratch? I've been trying to look up different ways to do that for croissants and I couldn't find a trustworthy one. 
Wow. After viewing that post two things came to mind, 1. No one actually goes and makes this kind of stuff from these posts right? 2. Damn that pastry looks good. I supposed my number 1 was answered and I'd say 2 remains the same.
That looks amazing! What did you use as filling?
r/misleadingthumbnails  I thought it was a cat
"One pastry...  
  
...it's for a cop."
I was expecting a much worst result tbh, kudos!

I should post my results at attempting an online tutorial for beef wellington, an amazing raw piece of beef encased in the hardest blackened shell you could possibly make out of pastry without adding carbon fiber.
OP - did you make your pastry dough from scratch or did you buy it? (If you bought it please tell me what kind you used!)
I read this as forbidden techniques, only slightly disappointed.
Maybe I ~~steal~~ cite recipes from here to write "From My Frontpage to Yours: A Cookbook of Recipes That Will Get You To The Frontpage"
Good job! Turned out Great!
Well this is awesome! I wanted to try the star-kinda-looking one
What's the front page post? 
Obviously OP or ops so was very excited over this by the looks of the left side of that thing. Looks delicious otherwise, but you can keep,the left most third of this pastry.
With more success than I would have I see.
Looks delicious, but next time would like the jizz on the side please.
Wow, that does look good!
Get that piece of celery out of there!
My favorite topics in r/food are the attempts on making the food seen here. 
A for effort. 
Nailed it.
Looks good.  I'll bring the coffee.
Looks good.  I'll bring the coffee.
Looks great
That. Looks tasty as hell
How did it turn out?
You didn't try. You did.
Too much filling. But for 1st try - v.good!
The rightmost 2/3 of it looks pretty tasty.
The rightmost 2/3 of it looks pretty tasty.
Looks like you cummed on it !  That's what I did when I saw it too- except I wasn't a beast like you and I cummed into my sock like the rest of civilization . 
I was expecting the whole "expectation vs reality" sequence when clicking the image. However this one turned out very well. Job well done.
Nice!!!
You get the Pintrest +1 badge.  
"Tried the pastry folding techniques from yesterday's front page from last week's front page! (OC)"

FTFY
&gt;yesterday's front page

It's still second highest post, right under yours. Mannnn, reddit.

Anyways, looks good. I'm thinking about trying it, and filling it with azuki bean paste. What goes in to the making of the pastry sheet?
[deleted]
it looks undercooked IMO
Looks like a [rooster](http://i.imgur.com/NYFb9W9.jpg) to me. But yes that looks amazing, enjoy it. 

Edit- I'm lost 

[like this](http://i.imgur.com/iOq6BEw.jpg) 
That's going inside the turkey right? And then you are stuffing the  whole thing into a pig right? 
Glad to see i'm not the only one celebrating steaksgiving.
http://imgur.com/Pmhjlkf
My family does the same thing, except we keep the turkey as a side dish for the prime rib
2 years ago my friend shows up to thanksgiving at our house with a steak, proclaiming "Mansgiving". I thought he brought a bunch. Turns out he brings 1 and doesn't share it with anyone. :(
"I don't usually eat turkey, but when I do, I eat prime rib." 
This is an unfair standard to hold turkeys to.
Nice marbling in the breast meat. Should be a very tasty bird. 
Totally agree. We've done a prime rib roast for Thanksgiving the past couple years. Haven't had a complaint yet. =P
I want to say that's wrong but I don't know enough about turkey to argue. 
Yes! These are ours, sitting in chimichurri since Monday! http://imgur.com/Vyy2aJ4
Turkey? You keep using that word...I don't think it means what you think it means.
Heavy Breathing
I think you will find that Russia would agree otherwise 
 I was thinking of making steaks for thanksgiving but I'm going with lasagna instead
Best Turkey I've ever had: 

Double smoker with Turkey on bottom and Ham on top, all the juices from the ham basted the turkey the whole time. I didn't do the seasoning but I really think it was the juices and the smoke that made it the best. 
Picture of a steak. Front page.
That would be my choice, or maybe you could say it's what I would select for dinner. 
I tricked my future in-laws into doing a brisket instead of a turkey this year.

No regrets.
Did it shoot down a Russian jet tho?
Wait but that's not... Ohhhhhh.
jesus this sub will upvote every shitpost
So...what time does dinner start?
Is that a sweet coffee maker I see in the background?
We haven't had turkey on Thanksgiving in a decade. Always something like this. Except the year we smoked a turkey, but never in the oven. Looks awesome.
Serious Eats has the definitive recipe if you're using the oven. Gets it evenly done with a crispy skin, instead of raw middle, overdone edges. I do mine to an internal temp 10* higher than his. His temp is perfect for rare lovers.
holy
Til /r/food exists
Should we tell him?
I was eating while I clicked the picture... worst mistake ever.
My grandmother used to be in charm of Christmas dinners for the entire family. We'd bring dishes, but she's handle the turkey or ham (or both). 

Then she got sick one year, so my dad and uncle took over. We had steak and lobster for Christmas dinner with sides from everyone. It was fabulous and I look forward to it every year now. It's different, tastes good too, and easy to make. 
Who knew Ron Swanson was on Reddit?
Somebody already ate the legs. 
That is what I call food porn.
Are people starting to realize "Thanksgiving food" is way over rated? If so, thank goodness. 
Looks a tad undercooked though.
OK, but where does the stuffing, gravy and dressing go?
I too eat steak for thanksgiving. But also crab legs. Surf and turf hell ya!
Now I've never pretended to be a scientist, or a zoo keeper. But that doesn't quite look like turkey to me. I may be drunk though, carry on citizen.....
What kind of espresso machine is that?
That's a goddamn roast.
Error_404 , no banana for scale found!
The turkey I’m cooking tomorrow comes out of the oven looking a lot like lasagna. Actually, identical to lasagna.
Can you post a pic after its been cooked but before its been eaten ?? 
I wish my mom would make prime rib instead of stupid turkey ! lol 
That's what I'm making too!  Mom is allergic to turkey and she's buying the food.  I don't like it and I'm cooking.  Prime Rib for all!
[deleted]
Is this grass fed? Doesn't look like much marbling from the chick side of the ribeye muscle. I'm not knocking it, I'd still eat TF out of it just curious. Maybe select grade? 
I've got a beef with your description of turkey.
It looks like the head of a T-Rex.
Is that sous-vide?
wait a minute!!
I have a tradition I started 5 years ago on thanksgiving, I smoke a brisket all night while my wife preps the bird. there is nothing like the taste of a 13 hour smoked brisket.
That is the flattest rump I've seen in ages. 

No wonder you wanted it...
I, too, am making a rib roast for Thanksgiving!  It's been dry aging for the last 2 weeks, so it's not as visually appealing as yours is.
Needs a banana for scale 
Yup, rib roast here too but also roasting a few turkey legs for my daughter.
This is what I'll be eating on Christmas, my friend
Hopefully it won't shoot down any russian fighter jets. 
Did you know a turkey can fly up to 55 miles per hour(89 km/h)?
Yup yup yup! 
You won this round of Beefie-Turkey.
That's not a Turkey, that's a Chicken! 
Mmmmmmmm...MMMMMMMMMM...mmmmmmmmm; MMMMMMMMMMMMM!
I learned that lesson too! 
I make beef tender, pork tender, a nice fish, a a turkey for the traditionalists.

I began to notice that no one touched the turkey at all. Screw that! Eat fun food for thanksgiving!
Rib roast to the rescue
So, for Christmas we started a tradition of doing prime rib for Christmas dinner so we didn't get sick of turkey(or maybe because my parents were already sick of doing turkey twice a year). Dad asked the butcher how to cook it and the guy basically told him to put a pepper crust on it and cook it some, let it sit in the oven and then cook it again(I can't remember the exact process but this is roughly the idea from what I remember). It turns out amazing.

I also have a friend who would invite me to Christmas dinner at their family's house back when we were younger. This worked out great since we do "dinner" around noon and they would do it in the evening. They do something different each year for Christmas and that year(I want to say it was around senior year of high school) me and my friend ended up eating about 2 pounds of perfectly  cooked prime rib between the two meals. 
Heavy Breathing I wish my mom would make prime rib My Dad doesn't like any poultry, so holiday time is Prime Rib for tomorrow.
Just ask the Russians.
Well - they make turkey bacon. It was only a matter of time until they made a turkey standing rib roast.
I was worried for a second that over here in England Turkey was something different...
http://i.imgur.com/tu6rj8i.png Looks like there's some kind of demented cat in the background. Also, yes, yes it is the best turkey ever
A picture of some red meat: how long until someone complains about it not being rare enough, or until someone mentions the Maillard reaction?
That's exactly what I made for Thanksgiving this year! My family loved it and all said it's a welcome change....and better eats! Thanksgiving '15 total success thanks to Prime rib. Might do it again next year.
Yes. 
I'm tired also of the traditional turkey and stuffing. Spice up your life and live a little.
Is there a way to upvote 50 times?
For SHAME!
I thought the Turkey shot down Russians?
Had that been a dead turkey it would have been more funny in the context of geopolitics today.
All I see is a map of the USA.
Reminds me of 'murica.
Genetically modified turkey.

Mmmmmmmmm.
the stars at night are big and bright
It's true, Turkey needs a holiday designated to eating it, otherwise we'd stick to steak.
Turkey. The other red meat.
All I see it's goatse
Worst.... Heart attack... Ever!!
its a pig??
I know for a fact that I got dumber after reading this thread. :D
Don't be flying any planes over it!...... I'll show myself out 
I too make prime rib for Thanksgiving. The tradition has been dubbed Fancy Pantsgiving.
See? You get it. I wish my family would just drop the turkey bullshit
Same thing I'm doing tomorrow. Freaking turkey around here was outrageous, plus I'm not really a fan of turkey, I can never get it right, so I'm doing steaks and my famous baked mac &amp; cheese.
so is that one of those cloned turkeys? XD but aside jokes, it looks awesome :D
http://imgur.com/tpAEROJ
This is what I make for holiday dinners too. I stopped eating turkey a long time ago.
This is my families christmas beast for 50 years.  thanks Dr.
Mm yeah, are you gonna sear the fuck out of it? Maybe deglaze those brown bits in the bottom of the roasting pan? Oh yeah. 
That is one good looking bird!
Ohh man I don't get this one and I'm starting to feel stupid.
I'm jealous.  I wish I could talk my family or in-laws against going traditional. :(
Turkey needs to be dry aged for 30 days or so, then it'll be redunk.
I brain farted. Thought Thanksgiving was over but realized i live in Canada xD
I did this one year. Instead of basically the same menu from thanksgiving I ordered a giant ribeye roast for xmas. 

I caught so much hell from the family.
Looks like bear pooping.
Most thanksgiving turkey is terrible.  This is why you have all the sides.  

I'm doing a pork butt over brisket smoke for this year. Prime rib also an excellent choice.
Thats some prime turkey you got there.
Now this looks like the prime rib cut from Costco! 
I love turkey, especially when it's red, and nicely marbled, and grilled medium rare, and is a ribeye
Wow, you really pulled that off!
Can I come over?
Give me a plate of that, turkey, biscuits, and mashed potatoes.  I'm a simple kind of man.
My favorite cut of turkey 
Seriously though, turkey pretty much sucks right? I've read about brining, deep frying, etc and it all seems to be in pursuit to cover up the fact that turkey isn't all that good. 
Ey man thas beef
How many legs did this turkey have?
Sorry to break it to you , but thats not a turkey .
TIL alot of people in this thread are Russian.
Ribeye Roast, thats on our Xmas Menu!
That's what I cooked last year.  This year it is TriTip
I'll have mine rare please.
it looks like a dino skull, are you sure thats a turkey?
Just in case anyone else wants to make one of these, here's a great and super easy recipe http://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/paula-deen/foolproof-standing-rib-roast-recipe.html. Comes out perfect every time.
Exactly. 

Everyone else wants an on-the-bone roast turkey laced throughout with tendons and other crap. I keep trying to explain that during Thanksgiving and Christmas you can find usually very expensive, very tender cuts of beef on sale. 

If you have to have a turkey, learn how to completely debone a whole turkey (including pulling the tendons out of the leg meat), stuff it with a savory stuffing, roll it, tie it, and roast it.

Every slice you cut out has white meat, dark meat and stuffing.
I don't think anyone is eating up anything to do with Turkey this week, ironically. 
Nice, what are you gonna do? 200F for like 12 hours?

I did a run at one the other week sous vide then finished in a broiling oven. Kinda had a hard time slicing it to be honest, partly cause of the bone and partially because it was choice and the meat was separating from the large chunks of fat.

Good luck and enjoy!
I like that turkey, that's a nice turkey 
I prefer my turkey when it's been violated by a Russian.
He's definitely got the right idea ^^^
my ribeye is protective of it's territorey, but my turkey will shoot down invaders.
Wait a minute... 
Salt and pepper all sides, coat in olive oil. Preheat a cast iron pan in high heat. Grill roast for 30 seconds on each side, and it's done. 
I'm doing the same type of turkey. And I'm doing it sous vide! 
i'm pretty sure that's beef dude!!!!
Belongs on r/foodporn if you ask me.
I smoke one of these fellers every year.   Damn you Turkey Day, you can't tell me what to do.
It's a raptor's head.
Happy Steaksgiving! 
Best served with Russian Dressing
Butcher here, can confirm we have sold quite a few standing rib roasts in the last week.
I'm no expert, but it may be a different bird?  It doesn't look exactly like a turkey if only u/unidan were still here!
Wait a second...
Oh yeah, that's one of those spotted moo turkeys
Happy Thanksteaking!
Me too. Beef en crote, basically a tenderloin wrapped in pastry with mushroom and proscuitto.
We're making NY strips and baked sweet potatoes instead of the regular Thanksgiving food. Hurrah for being different?
Can't up vote this enough
That's my Christmas dinner this year.
http://imgur.com/Pmhjlkf
Is that USDA Select?
This year we're having ham.  My brother's new girlfriend doesn't "like" turkey.  It's not that she's allergic or anything, she just doesn't like it.  Let's just say I hope this isn't a long term relationship.  
Should we tell him?
Now that's a turkey to be proud of 
Quack Quack!!!
Cleaver!
Does it shoot down airplanes?
How much that run ya O.o
It's Steaksgiving time Ya'll
I dont get it, so is it beef or something?
Three words: OMG
Looks overcooked
oh.....oh my
Looks like a squirrel 
I tried to do that this year. Got vetoed. Ah well, turkey again, at least there's still Christmas. 
I don't get it... Explain please. 
I like the cut of your Jib!
It's too small for a turkey.. At most it's more like 3 Cornish game hen.
Wonder if Putin would like this Turkey better.
Holy yum 
I'm a Turk and I find this offensive
I was so confused... then it clicked that this was a thanksgiving joke. I forgot Americans had a different thanksgiving.
Gobble Gobble motherfucker 
Atleast it doesn't shoot down Russian planes...
its too red to be a poultry.
I wish I was rich enough to eat that. :(
Mmmmmmm ribeye!
We bought Kobe steaks for thanksgiving instead of Turkey... I'm excited 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q84nfWkLsYU 
Is it just me..? I see a map of USA. Cross-post to /r/murica
Nice! You even got it off the right end, the small end.
Do you live next to a nuclear power station?
Someone needs to photoshop that turkey into a t-rex.
I hope you plan to cut that off the bones and the tie it up. Otherwise it won't cook evenly! There are videos online the process is very easy.
Russia would probably forgive Turkey if they were this tasty.
Salt encrusted prime rib is the best way to do this piece of meat.  It is time consuming but worth it.  the presentation kicks ass when you crack it with a hammer and the people eating it, thinking it will be salty, biting into the best prime rib they have ever had and changing their mind is pretty cool too.
Am I the only one that sees a goatse?
I love me some turkey.
Explain like i'm British
Thanks now I want pizza. Good thing that i am living right above a pizzeria  
You already had me at "three cheeses", the "lots of garlic" is just a cherry on top. 
Looks awesome.  I'm a huge garlic fan.
I really love pizza with garlic at base.  
  
Actually, I love pizza with tomato base too.  
  
To be honest, I love pizza. 

NOT ENOUGH GARLIC.

SPAWN MORE GARLIC. 
I love adding garlic to pizza. Typically I slice it super thin using a mandolin then mix the pieces in a little bowl with olive oil and salt. I think the oil helps evenly heat the garlic pieces while cooking.
Looks awesome! Care to share the recipe for your crust? :&gt;
I wish my body was composed entirely of this cheesy garlic pizza and  regenerated every time I took a bite. 
Looks good, but for my taste only half cooked?.
Want some nice dark bubbles on the crust and golden melted cheese.

Now I want pizza!
Thought those were pepperoni's at first, still, would def get drunk and eat entire thing in one sitting and then cry myself to sleep. 
Yes, I'd like to place an order for pizza. I'd like it on my doorstep within 30 minutes, or it's free. Also, I live in Cleveland Ohio, USA. Which country are you in? Can I still get that pizza? 
[deleted]
Please don't make me hungry D:
Looks tasty! What three cheeses did you use?
looks really good

Oh mt god i think i could eat that everyday for a whole month.
That crust doesn't look great. Looks cardboardy
You've managed to make something look dry yet also soggy. A feat I didn't think possible. Well done.

Throw it in the bin.
looking damn delicious..
not saying this isn't authentic or delicious but that literally looks like a frozen pizza with some other toppings put on. lol the crust looks just like DiGornos 
That looks amazing! How long did it take to make?
Please staaaaahp
No one has as many friends as a man with many cheeses!
ghost tomatoes!
cheesus christ that looks good!
just done working out... not ready for this
Why is that one piece shorter than the others? Upper Left.  I got a pizza from Pizza Hut yesterday with this same situation, once piece was noticeably shorter than the rest of the pie, like some one switched it in from another pizza.
Ukrainian pizza.
Mmmmm. 
honestly, i need this
galic!!!
Please put it in my mouth
looks simple and delicious, Nice! 
You forgot to mention the tomatoes but good lookin pie. I Love Feta.
It should be a rule that you have to share recipes....
Yum!  I like my food to have the ability to potentially kill a vampire.
Something to eat the day before a long day at work and you don't want anyone bugging you.
I always get a pool of tomato water right in the middle of the pie when I use fresh tomato like that. What's the secret?
I got heartburn just looking at that picture.  Looks delicious and well worth the pain I'd experience.  Well done.
TIL I've been eating pizza wrong 
note to self: add garlic next time 
Looks good! Check out the Pizza Dome if you really enjoy cooking pizzas at home.
Kreygasm
That looks amazing!
Praise cheeses!
All it needs is some fresh mozzarella.
just done working out... not ready for this
This looks incredible, but it looks like it would give you some rank breath.

Worth it. 
I put a tablespoon of non-salted butter in the middle of the pie, like some one switched it in my mouth looks simple and delicious, Nice!
I can taste it here, that's how good it looks.
You've pretty much re-invented an eastern canada delicacy.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Garlic_fingers
Nooooo, I had just forgotten how hungry I am...

and that the pizza place was closed on my way home from work

and that it was closed because it is late

and that this means nothing else will serve me either

and that I didn't go shopping 

and that yesterdays (sundays) food preparation was already "experimental"
Dammit reddit, I just had breakfast two hours ago and this post made me crave for pizza. Shouldn't have browsed this sub. PIZZAAAAAAAAAAAA q.q
Oh this is definitely Weight Watchers approved right? Looks delicious. 
34 F 5'7" 36 C 160lbs, looking for pizza.
Great, my wife is crying now
Sauce?
Looks like a tasty home made Cheesy Pizza.
Sir/Ma'am, your homemade pizzas are definitely a lot more appetizing than mine.
i like to get my pizza on [Craigslist](http://new1.fjcdn.com/pictures/Pizza_5ab1ad_2295321.jpg)

I never know what to say on /r/food except holy fuck that looks awesome
I wish I'd made that now!
No fresh basil, 2/10.
This looks delicious.
OMG that looks amazing... Pleeeeease share your dough recipe!!
This gave all my taste buds little boners...
damn u got that cruzt player
This is my kind of pizza. I could eat an entire head of raw garlic. Cheez, sauce, and tomatoes is also really good. 

Thumbs up!!
Coming to this thread is always a bad idea
[deleted]
Take out the pepperoni, then we'll talk.
Heavenly
Italian pizzaiolo here... Rule #1: no garlic with mozzarella
The vampires won't be coming tonight that's for sure ;-) Looks super tasty though!
That is a little strange in the pizza sauce I make pizza the time and can't believe the crap that gets upvoted.
Recipe pls op
Very amazing and really appreciating effort to cook ...
wow  Great..
This reminds me that I didn't eat 2 out of 3 meals today. I'm going to go take care of that. Preferably with something cheesy.
Sauce? No seriously where is the sauce?
What brand of frozen pizza are you buying from the UK so I usually do use scales, I find this hideous.
 looks yummy so who cares if it has no sauce
or whatever, if u think u can do better, thrn go make your own pizza recipe and post it up for us to judge it
One of my favourite pizzas is just cheese, garlic and fresh chilli. So delish.
I am a huge fan of garlic and that three cheese garlic and tomato pizza looks absolutely delicious. I haven't read the other comments but I hope that the recipe is up somewhere on here. Great work.
That looks amazing.  I feel like pizza is one thing that is difficult to do really *really* well. Think you nailed it, at least from the picture.
:^O This looks amaze-balls
If you made the crust, did you just glue it onto the base or something?
so high i'd eat the screen
good lord
Why no Stuffed Crust?
Oh god that looks fucking delicious. 
It looks delicious. I too want a pizza now!
Craving for pizza now.
[8](http://imgur.com/NrmEqpy)
Mmm garlic breath yum.
But seriously, looks good!
But tomato :( 
Hi, thanks for this sharing. Is it include egg or anything else please?
Finally, a good looking pizza on the front page... honestly I make pizza the time and can't believe the crap that gets upvoted. Half of them don't have cheese and/or aren't cooked. To that end, I will upload whenever I make a pizza next lol
I'm a big non-fan of tomatoes being used outside of a sauce or salsa and I'm still drooling. This looks delicious af.
Mmm garlic breath yum.
But seriously, looks good!
if you made this is there any chance you could send/link the receipe??? looks amazing!
As an Italian I find this hideous.
Looks like a Domino's to me.
Tomatoes? You should be shot.
That's more CP than Jared Fogle had!

FBI in 3...2...1...
i fear your poops
This looks like you ordered it
Pizza... huuuuh

I don't like it. Goat cheese fondue however.... hmmmmm
New rule: Can't post without the recipe. 
feta cheese is an amazingly underrated cheese
No beer?  Come on, up your /r/beerandpizza game. 
And above this on my front page: https://www.reddit.com/r/LifeProTips/comments/3ty30y/lpt_request_how_to_tell_someone_he_smells/
OP's next post: "I never get past the first date and I don't know why".
Too much crust. There should be no crust at all.
[deleted]
The meals included chilli, pasta sauce, shepards pie, corn and bacon chowder, lentil soup, gumbo, thai chicken, and sweet potato stew. not all made it into the picture
Where do you store them?

My parents did something similar, but my dad took me to the beer store and bought me 48 tall boys, helped me sneak them into residence. 
My mom is always asking me if I need some money, eventually it got to the point where it's like she has no faith in me whatsoever.

It's like "mom, I'm fine, I'm doing well you don't need to send me anything." Except socks, I'll always take socks and underwear, and like the occasionally really nice fitting sweater
OP these comments are insane, please don't take them to heart. I'm 26 years old, live on my own, have a full time job, love to cook for myself, and still live for the times I go home to visit my parents and my mom sends me back with meals that I can freeze for later. Sure there is something to be said for independence, but I certainly don't know why people are saying it here--people who think they can judge your life based on one picture are just reading whatever they want to into it. This looks awesome, your parents must care for you very much. 
I never understood parents until i had kids.

Dude we love you more than we love ourselves. We may not show it 100% of time ir spend enough time. 

But there nothing, NOTHING, we wouldnt do for you if you needed it.


Unless that last slice of pizza. You gatta buy me a lexus before you get that privelage.
There is a lot of weird negativity in these comments. Let's not just assume that OP is totally incompetent and helpless, maybe his parents just wanted to give him a really nice gift. Is Reddit against gifts now?
That looks like my house on a Sunday!  Seriously, great way to cook! Do a big pot of chili, freeze like 6 portions.  Believe me, a month later when you have the munchies you'll want that chili!
I can't even remember the last time my pantry had that much food in it. You are very lucky!
-grad student
How long does that stuff stay good for? 
scrolling on the imgur link felt like i was zooming in and out. I almost thought my CTRL key was pressed down.


Did they also get you a big deep freezer? Otherwise you'd better make friends quick or get into competitive eating.
your parents are really nice and thoughtful. stay away from buying fast food on campus as a habit because itll be a recipe for weight gain.
As someone who is living on his own and currently is on a diet of cup of noodles and hot pockets. This looks fucking amazing!
That's awesome! Parents are the greatest!
This is pretty much standard for Indian parents. 
Hahaha. Should be titled "Son/Daughter, we love you very much. Please don't starve to death."
Make sure you tell them how much you bragged about them to both your dorm mates, classmates, and reddit. ;) As a recent graduate, homemade meals are huuuuge. You forget to eat as a college student, or you are often busy to eat actual meals. It takes a while to learn how to make time for those essentials, and some people never really master it.
dont understand why people are trippin over this. I wish I had all that food lol
That was really nice of them to do.
That is so awesome of them.
That is so sweet, wonderful parents giving to a taste of home.
If you zoom into this pic with RES so it fills like 3/4 of your screen or so...and then you scroll down...shit's trippy.
When I moved out, a huge part of growing up for me was learning to cook for myself and manage my own meals. Looks great OP, just hope you don't get too spoiled!
That's amazing and so thoughtful!! I do this every couple weeks for lunches to take to work but their meals look a lot better than mine ;) 
That looks so good. I just wish we still had a takeaway place that sold food like that.. We have one where it is frozen and for 2 people.. but not fresh single serving.
The word "actual" has an actual meaning, and you missed it.
My mom does this for on a weekly basis. I am so fucking blessed.

edit: my mom is #1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GovvXLDqY-8
You are a very lucky individual.
Awww this is sweet.
what does them being actual saints do with that though
I'm guessing you're an only child, and this is the initial shock? To me it seems a bit excessive.
I don't want to come off as mean, but at the surface, this looks like you're either incapable of taking care of yourself or you have ridiculous overbearing parents who think that you are... just saying.
Give it a fancy name and sell them for double:)
Wouldnt most of those go bad before being able to consume them?
Can I have your parents when you're done with them?
parenting done right
That is a great way to keep you dependant! Smart parents. 
This is pretty awesome but it's time to start cooking yourself. Trust me, the earlier you get into that habit, the less you'll hate yourself when you're a working adult.
That's perty norm if you had Persian parents. 
as a former cook for a college and current parent I am totally doing this when my kid goes to college. I may wait a couple of semesters so she can appreciate the freedom of making her own food. 
wow. awesome. growing up when i was thirsty and i asked for water i was told to swallow saliva. i hope you get them a great xmas present.
It's sad how unprepared our generation is for leaving the nest. Perfect example of parents coddleing beyond a reasonable age way to cut the cord guys.
That's more food than Mark Whitney had
Sweet, one week's meals :-) Nom. 
OP can learn to cook the carbs and the sides to go along with the premade meals.. hopefully... So did they give you the recipes too?  (thumbs up for comfort food, thumbs down for coddling)
Nice of the to set you up with that condo too
So you're the roommate that takes up all the fridge space. I feel bad for the people you live with.
When my parents visit they buy some groceries but prepare entire meals? 

That reaks of either over-parenting or you're incapable of cooking for yourself.
You don't have a very diverse interest in food, do you?
That's ridiculous. They should have raised you to actually fend for yourself.  That's a horrible example of coddling that examplifies the problem with this and the last generation, an dependence on convenience and lack of self determination. 
How do you stop yourself from getting stoned and eating five at a time? 
OP is being coddled and needs to grow up.
Not much of a variety, ey chap?

fuk the food that kitchen is awful nice for a uni student!
Hope you share some of the meals with some friends and people.
just tell them to give you the recopies lol. 
A whole month of spaghetti sauce. Get ready for some red turds
That's sweet of them but I feel like A) you won't be be able to eat all of it before it turns B) You should learn to cook bud, it's fun and easier then it looks! I say this because my parents did something similar for me and stopped me from having to feed myself. It wasn't until I married a women who burns water that I had to learn and it. Wish I started back then!
Pretty soon OP is going to be giving out extras at racism protests.
Definitely one of the more interesting posts on here, do you have any reflection/insight from the experience? Change in eating habits, lack there of, etc.? 
**I'm getting a lot of the same questions, so here is a comment to reply to the most common questions**

&gt;What did this end up costing per bird?

About $20 per chicken (which is 4x the store price). I went with a heritage breed, which take much longer to mature. These birds were 3-4 months at the age of slaughter, as opposed to a grocery store bird that is 42 days old.

&gt;If you went with Cornish Cross (the grocery store breed), could this be cost effective?

Yes. Even with a small flock of 10-20 birds, you could likely get down near retail prices for the birds (discounting your labor and startup costs). It just takes practice to know how much to feed them, not letting scavenging wild birds eat the feed, how to care for them, etc. Chickens are a very cheap animal to keep, especially if you have excess (fenced) land, where they can eat bugs and grass for free!

&gt;How do you pluck them?

I homemade a plucker (https://youtu.be/aH6TSu0OvA8) like this one. However, I found that since you dunk the birds in hot water (160-degrees for 30-45 seconds) to loosen their feathers, they nearly fall out with a light touch. The second batch I plucked by hand and, as long as they were properly scalded, it was just as quick (and much neater; you don't have feathers flying everywhere).

&gt;How exactly do you kill them?

There are several ways I've found in my research. The method I used, and I believe it to be relatively "humane" (a funny word to use when talking about killing) is that I hang them upside down in a killing cone (the traffic cone), take a sharp knife, stretch the neck out with one hand, move the feathers aside, and make a very quick and confident swipe along the jugular artery. The bleeding is profuse and they lose consciousness in seconds. Do they experience some pain? Probably. Is it cleaner and quicker than a prey bird would experience in the wild? Absolutely.

&gt;Don't you feel bad about killing?

Yes. I do. I hate it and I always make sure to have a few beers in me before I begin to dull the nerves. I get the shakes. Even after having killed several dozen chickens, deer, pigs, fish, etc. I still hate it. But I firmly believe that if I am going to feed meat to my family, I must be willing to do the killing. The body of an animal is a gift and I always try to do it with reverence. 

&gt;What is your take away from this experience?

Meat is valuable. The amount of time and effort it takes to produce only a small amount of eat is immense. We take it for granted, swinging by the drive thru an grabbing chicken nuggets any time we want because the process has been so streamlined and industrialized. I really want to get to a point where we produce 100% of the meat my family consumes. That is a very, very tall order and I am not there yet.

&gt;How would you compare texture and flavor?

The heritage breed is stringier, has more connective tissue, and has a richer (chicken-ier) flavor. But if I went with the standard breed, there would be little to no difference. Pastured birds are more flavorful, but usually the average chicken preparation is highly seasoned, so you couldn't really tell.

&gt;Do you keep laying hens?

Yes, I have a handful of layers. Eggs from those hens are delicious, the yolks are richer and deeper. They are more expensive than buying eggs at the store, but not by much.

&gt;What do you do with the blood?

There may be some use for it, but I just discard it. It coagulates in a bucket and I throw it in the trash.

&gt;What about disease transfer, don't you know chickens can transmit disease to you?

Yes. I have a pair of "chicken shoes" that I slip on only when entering the chicken yard. I always wash my hands after handling or tending to the birds. If proper precaution is taken, it is perfectly safe. But you must be aware of the dangers and must exercise safe practices.

&gt;You are religious? Blah, blah, blah, religious extremism, blah, blah, blah.

I included one tiny quote at the very end of the album. Even if you aren't a subscriber to an Abrahamic religion, the quote is pretty innocuous. I am not going to back down. Chill.
Now why'd you have to go and name him McNugget ;_;
For what it's worth, I don't eat meat and I still *really* appreciate endeavors of this nature. I think it's incredibly important for people to embrace the reality of their food, and if they can, try their hand at making some. It's both a responsible state of mind and a quintessential, age-old human experience. Thanks for respecting your chickens.
I absolutely love this, people should get more involved in seeing/knowing where their food comes from and how it made it to their plates.  I miss the days of living on the farm when I was a kid and being involved in the day to day maintenance with the animals and the land.
Full disclosure about myself: I love meat, but I couldn't raise them and then eat them.  I realize that makes me a hypocrite.  I do commend you for actually taking the actions/responsibility of doing what you have. It's healthier and safer if done yourself.  Good job!
Do you also use that rubber finger plucker as an alarm clock in the morning?
Hi cute chickies (◕‿◕)... oh no, what is he doing? (ʘ‿ʘ) ... nooooooo ⊙﹏⊙ ... (ಥ﹏ಥ)
As much as I hate the idea of having to deal with the reality that eating meat requires killing something, this here is an infinitely better life for these animal than being malnourished and living in a cage barely larger than their bodies.
&gt;Traffic cone for bleeding out

As is tradition.
How does the taste compare to store bought? 
When I was little we'd visit my great grandmother's farm and when I was about seven it was my job to kill the chicken for dinner. Great grandma would pick out the chicken, I'd catch it and she'd help me clip it's feet to the clothesline, and then I'd cut the head off with big sharp shears. Then she'd soak it in hot water and me and my younger sisters would get the job of plucking the chicken. Great grandma did the rest, and that chicken would feed seven people no problem. Great grandma would cut the chicken into about 16 pieces, she really knew how to stretch food and of course there would be lots of side dishes. I remember her fried chicken to be out of this world.
Cone of shame for dogs
Cone of death for chickens

Cones are scary things in the animal kingdom :-)
It always surprises me how much effort goes into getting a small amount of meat. 

I mean, I grew up on a poultry farm here in Australia and we had just under 900,000 chickens. Wake up a few hours before dawn to start work and finish work well after the sun has gone down. I always have had such fond memories of living on that farm. I now have a secret hatred for those winged hell beasts though...

Also I have learnt that all chickens are also psychopathic cannibals. 
A lot of people gripe over how meat is processed and produced. You actually did something about it, props for that.
We did that, when I was young. My family had between 100 and 200 chicks each spring, in an old school bus that we converted in a chicken home. They had a huge fenced field at first, but we lost too many to eagles, foxes and wolves, so we scaled back to a smaller pen with grid over and under (still big, though). A few more were dying of natural causes, and ultimately, we had about 70% of our original number of chicken, that we then bring to the slaughterhouse in a truck, and get a year's supply of chicken as a result. We always had many to give to friends and family. My parents stopped this after the divorce, but to this day (13 years later), they are the best chicken I ever tasted. 

We did the same for a few other animals (4 pigs, 1 beef, 9 hens for fresh eggs, and a big greenhouse). It was still not enough for our family of 7 people, but at least around November, with the last harvest, we had enough for a few months. My father also hunted partridge, deer, rabbits, groundhogs, fishes, and once a bear, so we had meat all year round. However, we had to buy all our grains, potatoes and flour. A field would have been necessary for a 100% independent sustenance. There was milk farmers around for cheese and milk. 

In any case, all of this is not very cheap, and does require a lot of upkeep... unless you have childrens. We were pretty much in charge of feeding and taking care of the animals... Well, that's how it seemed at the time, but I am sure my parents did some work too. Is sure gave me a lot of good memories.

I really want to do something like that in the near future too. I am now a computer engineer in an urban center, and I miss the forest and fields every day. 
Great post. I realize the purpose here is not cost effectiveness, but do you have a sense for what kind of scale you would need to operate at to roughly brake even (compared to buying the same number of chickens at the store)? 
My father showed me how to kill chickens different. In his opinion- because being placed upside down can really stress them and it might take a minute or two before you are ready to slice. He would grab the chicken by the head/neck and just act like he had a bullwhip.  The deed was done extemely fast. He would then decapitate them with a butcher knife and put them into a bleeding cone.
Would you do this again?
Do you eat the offals? Heart, gizzard, kidneys, etc?
I think you are like my dad. I don't know if I'm able to kill an  animal that I fed since it was born... Although, meat is delicious. 

For those who may be wondering, [this is what conventional chicken farming can look like.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YE9l94b3x9U)  
  
Warning: Don't watch this if you like eating chicken.
Great post OP. I've been really interested in trying this or even just participating in a "butcher" session.  
  
A great source for others interested in the direct connection between your food before it is food and you is "Omnivore's Dilemma." The author describes working at a pastoral farm and even partakes in a chicken butcher session which very closes matches your process. Great read. 
This is very cool. I like the idea of taking responsibility over the life and death of the things you eat, though your approach is a little too much for me!

Its important that we all recognize the animals we eat are living things too, and even if we raise them only to eat them they still deserve to be treated humanely throughout their life (and death.) I've never really thought about animal rights before, but this is a pretty thought provoking post. Thanks.
Thanks for the post. I'm not a vegetarian but I do limit the amount of meat I eat. I've been thinking of keeping animals for a bit. When I do want meat, I should be willing to gather it myself. I would, of course, but I surly would eat less of it too.
We have a small pig farm but rarely slaughter them because it's so much work. So mostly we have pig pets that we can't form relationships with. Last time we slaughtered one was like 4 years ago for my grandma's memorial. 


My mom grew up on a small 'farm' where they raised cows.  All of the beef and dairy her family ate they produced, as well as a lot of grown crops.  I should send her this, she'd appreciate it.  
I can respect this. Good work brother. 
I really think more people should grow their own food. Whether chickens, or fruit, or whatever.

I believe John Green talked about a hypothetical scenario in which it was standard for suburban homes to have vegetable gardens instead of turf grass. 

If someone were, in real life, to start a massive (food) garden in their front lawn, their neighbors would think it odd or quirky, but it would still be practical. Now if someone in this imaginary situation were to replace their garden with grass, their neighbors would see it as illogical and impractical. 
When I was a child we raised our own chickens. Taking care of them was the easy part. I have no idea what breed they were, but when we got to the killing part it was hell. 

The largest ones weighed around 6 kg and my mother who was then in her early thirties would squat over them, cut their neck just like you described then held on for as long as the spasms lasted. As you can imagine the chickens would often break a wing making that part unusable. While we didn't think fo the traffic cone we got one of those cloth grocery bags and cut a small hole into it. Stuck the chicken in,tightly bound the part of the bag to it's legs, tied it from a small three upside down and just waited out the spasms. No more broken bones.

You never mentioned what you did with the guts, we always just fed them to the remaining chickens until there were only 3-4 left. We also didn't feed them in the morning on the day we would slaughter some since my mother kept the stomachs and that meant less cleaning. 
This is interesting for so many reasons, firstly was the feeling of disgust (at first) this is because for many generations us human beings have been so detached from where our meat actually comes from, yes animals are killed for our meat it doesn't grow on trees. Then when I came to my senses again I realized this is way more humane, the animals have way better lives before they are killed and the killing method I assume is instant, it's as much an educational tool as anything this post I am grateful for it, it's just felt so weird my original feelings toward it until you realize the truth of meat even though your aware of it anyway its like subconsciously aware until you see something like this!
As a vegetarian, I think this is pretty cool. I always said I'd eat meat if I killed it myself, but doubt I'd really have the guts if it came to it. 
I'm honestly surprised you didn't have any issues with hawks or owls. They will eat up all those yummy chickens in a heartbeat when you don't have a top to your enclosure like that.
A couple of suggestions. 

- Making tractor pens that you can role from place to place means your chickens will always have fresh grass and weeds. They love weeds, especially wild onion. And bugs. They can't get enough bugs. 

- There's portable plastic web fencing woven with electrical conductive wire that you can hook up to a fence charger. Running that around your chicken pens at night will keep them safe from any kind of predators including snakes, raccoons, foxes and the neighbor's dog. It was kind of satisfying listening to the yelping at night. 
- You don't need a rooster to get eggs. The hens lay just fine when it's all girls and there isn't any crowing. 
I give you all kinds of credit for going through with this project.  We raise chickens for eggs, but as we're very "soft" people, we let the girls retire after they're done laying without being harvested.  They're excellent pets, really.  They come running up to see you whenever we approach the pen, hoping for a treat from our kitchen.

As far as meat goes, we always buy directly from the local farmers.  We've gone to visit their farms to verify that they're being raised as close to "natural" as is possible nowadays.

Support your local farmers, people.  The ones who do it right.
I know I eat meat, but if I ever kept chickens like that it would end up with me having a bunch of new feathery pets in my yard. I have a lot of respect for people who do this though. Those chicks are so cute too. Melts my heart...
Did you find a difference in texture or taste compared to  the common breed sold in the stores?
Very interesting series of pictures, although the "load 8 more images" just before the killing part was a risky click for me.

Do you have any idea how much food (in dollars) a single chicken would have eaten before it was mature?  
I know you said $20/chicken, can you please go over more of your total costs? I'd be interested to learn more about initial costs of the chicks, the feed, building the pen you set up for them, etc. Also how much space you have vs. how many chickens you can have in that amount of space. 
I gained a whole new appreciation for livestock and meat in Nicaragua. Was there for 2 weeks w/o electricity or running water in the mountains for a dental mission trip. We were living on the host's farm, and after a week of no meat every meal we got a chance to have chicken for dinner. I saw them kill some hens and was asked if I wanted to partake in one killing. 

I did, and swiping their neck with the thought that you're going to eat it later that day is an experience that I urge everyone to try. You appreciate how they're raised, cared for, and even killed with thought. I gained a huge amount of respect for the food that comes across our table and the people that provide it.
What's the story behind your username?
Awesome :) good to know where chicken comes from. Some people I know don't Evan eat chicken with bone in it...
I was wondering how you dealt with watching them grow up with names. Then I saw you named one McNugget and it all made sense.
How would you compare texture, flavor, etc to what you are used to?

Planning on keeping and laying hens?

How did you dispose of the blood, is there any use for it?
Just out of curiosity, why the cone and not the axe? I remember my grandfather talking about one of his chores on the farm being killing and cleaning the chickens, and he mentioned using an axe. I have a feeling that it may have been more messy though. 

He also said that one time he had a rooster that was basically uncatchable so he got mad and shot it with his shotgun and he said it caused the feathers to set and become harder to pluck, although I don't think he was scalding them, just plucking by hand.  
Nifty. I cant wait until I live somewhere where I can have some animals. 
I need to fucking do this. What's sucks is knowing your grandparents and parents were involved but this was not my life growing up. I guess coming from a techie background this might mean I need to throw in a raspberry pie for shits and gigs. But honestly I wish I knew more about farming as I feel stupid for not knowing how to raise animals or grow food when it's something that humans have always done so long. I'm sold on this chicken thing and planting some vegetables. Now I need to see where I can move with large land in california. 
For those who find this horrifying: being vegetarian really isn't that hard these days.  Either own what you're doing or don't do it.
Just don't get more chickens than that.  I worked on a free range bird farm with 3000 birds per barn (12,000 total).  They are the most foul fowl, fuck chickens.
My family used to do this every year.  We raised 200 chickens.  Was a great time.  I was 8 when they first let me help.  I toted around my own knife and helped killing them, plucking them, and cutting them up to freeze.  
We raise meat chickens every year too. This year we did 50 (we live in a rural location), which was a lot of work but well worth it. In Canadian dollars, our cost per pound was barely over $3, which is cheaper than the grocery store for a better product. 

However, this includes paying someone to process the birds, because frankly I don't have the time or interest.
I felt kinda bad for the rooster,
but then i saw that last picture and my mouth wouldn't stop watering. It looked delicious
I heard you can put chickens (and other small animals) to sleep with carbon dioxide, although I have no idea if you're supposed to do that with chickens you're planning on eating. It looks like a nice way to go, anyway.
You didn't put down a tarp for the feathers to make easy clean up??
Would you explain the 'fresh from the grocery store' picture.  Do you just take them to be gutted and cleaned or do you do that yourself?  I couldn't tell if you actually delivered them somewhere and got them back or if you were being facetious.  Thanks!
Delicious. Good work, OP.
Chicks are so cute &lt;3
I really appreciated this post. It was a beautiful thing to see you take on the hard work of actually preparing the meat for your family. Going through drive-thrus are definitely us taking food for granted, but even going to the grocery store buying raw meat in packages can be us taking food for granted because we totally removed the process of raising, killing and preparing the meat! Again, I appreciated looking through the pictures and I loved the Bible verse you ended it with. 
What effect did the chickens have on your 1/4 acre? Was is scratched down to dust or was it still useable?
Damn those chickens look plump. Now I'm hungry 
Hi there, this was very respectable. I actually want to do this myself one day. But quick question, what did you do with the excess chicken parts? Like the blood, head, etc? I just imagine this would be the hardest to clean up or get rid of. 
Do you do anything with the blood?
'load next 8 images'  - not sure if I wanna..
Did you have much trouble with predators? It looked like your birds were pretty exposed while free ranging. I have had raccoons, dogs, hawks, and eagles all trying to take bites out of my flock.

To be sure, I've never raised chickens for meat, only eggs. Since this requires me to keep them alive for longer to be cost effective, I wonder if the fact that you only needed to keep them alive for a few months made it less of a concern for you somehow.
Very well done.  Thanks for posting!
Metal. 
You should pluck them by hand,  the time you saved with the machine,  you spent cleaning up the feathers and chasing the loose ones around the yard.

Also those big bags of assorted bird feed, would probably be better feed and overall for the chickens adding variety, but they're more expensive,  buts it's quality of the meat you want.
You should do eggs too, nothing beats fresh backyard eggs.
And cooking the chicken right away in the yard, into a stew or soup,  or a jambalaya, on an open flame,  its hard to top that.
Recipie for the chicken?
Well was it good OP?
As a vegetarian, I approve!!!
Do you also keep the blood and make blood sausage or blood pancake?
How did you make the plucker exactly?  
We always hate the plucking part when we slaughter at my sisters place, but don't have enough chickens slaughtered every year that we want to spend large amounts of money on a proffesional machine.
This is really cool. Thanks for sharing!

I live in NYC, so I won't be raising my own meat anytime soon, but I do consume meat mindfully and always try to consume the meat of animals that I know have been treated humanely, even if it means paying a little extra. 
Very cool to see the whole process.  Thanks for posting it up.
Did it taste better than the store?
Really wonderful album, thanks for sharing. I kept chickens for a while, and whilst it wasn't for meat (they were pets that gave us eggs), it really taught me the value of livestock. Happier animals make tastier produce, and give you a cleaner conscience.
Thanks for this! I've done meat chickens twice now. First year I took them to a certified poultry processor. This spring I learned how to do it myself, with help from a friend who had the setup.
Your post, specifically the plucker made from the drill, has given ideas on how to get my setup off the ground next year for cheaper than I had planned.


A recipe, in case you need it...I don't take the limbs off of mine, so they are truly "whole."  Simply take the chicken out of the freezer, let it thaw on the counter or fridge. Then, the morning of, put the whole thing in the crock pot.  JUST put on seasoning.  That's it. Turn the crock pot on, and you're good! You don't need to add water or anything else. The bird will provide the juices. You can "make dinner" in 5 minutes.

Cheers!
I won't lie, I glanced at the title and asked myself why the author was using "pasteurization" as a substitute for "slow-cooking". Then I thought maybe they are turning chickens "pink slime" for food products... sigh, I need coffee. Side note: is this a new term of sorts? Always believed it to be "free range"? 
We just raise chickens for the eggs (free range, 99% organic) and have learned a lot.  The main thing being not only that you are what you eat, but you are what they eat.  The other thing being that, with only a few chickens and the eggs for consumption (not sale), our ROI is way way off in the possibly infinite future.
We had chickens growing up and I was going to say that you don't need that plucking machine because it's a lot easier and cleaner doing it by hand but I saw that you figured that out already.
I respect you can do this instead of buying the store bought crap. I don't eat meat because I don't agree with the farming techniques used today, I sometimes miss it but NEVER so much I could be bothered to go through all of this. At least you worked for it I guess. 

That seems so cool, I would love to raise chickens and other fowl, though I don't think I have it in me to kilk them. Would you think taking the chickens to a butcher would work as well? 
Thank you for posting this.  I think it is important to find some way to keep in touch with the work involved in the things we use, eat and surround ourselves with.  I have a few hobbies in that direction, although less bloody.  I am surprised you don't have more upvotes, though.
Amazing. Kudos
The death cone made me LOL
For pastured chicken nuggets jump from picture three to picture eleven in the process
What was the cost involved? Do you have it mapped out to where it will break even for your family? Maybe even removing the labor (which I can see was immense)?

Not curious in a spreadsheet with all your costs, just an overall idea of the monetary generalities. Do you have any idea how much one chicken cost you to eat?

Great post, thanks for taking the time.
We started raising chickens for eggs.  I have 8 hens (well, one silkie may be a rooster..hope not).  I have become so attached to them. Of course mine are only for eggs, I couldn't imagine killing them for food.  But that said, I really respect your attitude on meat.  sigh.  In my heart I feel like my family should do the same. I try to just not eat meat...but man, meat is tasty.   
Did you find a difference in texture or taste compared to  the common breed sold in the stores?
This is a really interesting post! About how long is the entire process from hatching to processing day? I can imagine it's a rewarding feeling but patience is definitely a big factor.
So uhh how does the killing cone work? What about the defeather as well, looks like a weed whacker that you just hold up a dead chicken too.
I read the bible quote in lenard nemoy's voice in my head 
That got dark quickly...
man being religious is cool, but sticking a quote at the end. it's like watching a really moving commercial, only to see a big coca cola bottle at the end. really *kills* it... ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
don't let the boys and girls on /r/vegan see this. Looks like a lot of work. I would rather do fishing.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Jesus saves. Amen!
This is disgusting
[deleted]
[deleted]
Gross as fuck
It's better to have that pizza than no pizza
Every pizza is perfect. 
no,  it's MY pizza! 

PIZZA FIGHT! 
I've been getting pretty serious into pizza making over the last year.

My pizzas looked exactly like this when I started. [This is a photo of how my pizzas look now](http://imgur.com/EY4WzNh)

Here are my tips:

- invest in a pizza/ baking stone. It'll make a world of difference for your crust.

- invest in a pizza screen, it'll add that signature texture on the bottom and help as a barrier between the stone and dough.

- less is more for toppings 

- do not use those presliced pepperoni from the supermarket. Get a high quality log from like Bridgford: http://www.amazon.com/Bridgford-Pepperoni-World-16-Ounce-Sticks/dp/B0029JW96I

- Never ever use imitation cheese.

- place the pizza stone on the upper middle rack. 2nd from the top. This gives the best even cooking.

- preheat the oven at the highest temp it'll go. Once preheat is reached let it continue to warm for 1 hour.

- if you make dough, let it sit in the fridge for 24 hours to ferment more for chewier crust.

- never use cold dough. Let it come to room temp.

- if you're having trouble tossing the dough, a good cheater method is to pour a tiny bit of olive oil on some baking paper, spread it around, drop the dough on it, drizzle oil on top and spread it out with your hands, turning it after each stretch. Then once u got a nice circle, transfer it to the pizza screen.

- get a pizza peel.

- brush a melted butter and Italian seasoning mixture on the top of the crust before adding the sauce.

- uncooked sauce will give you a fresher tomato taste. Cook sauce will give you a deeper, more robust flavor.

- cut pizza from the center -&gt; out if you have a small cutter.

- add basil after cooking and after uv cut the pie.

- add a tiny bit of red pepper flakes to your sauce. Trust me.

- if using a screen + stone. Place the screen on the stone. Let it cook enough for the bottom to be cooked enough to be handled the transfer it from the screen to the stone directly for getting that crust more firm.

- above all, experiment and have fun.
**Pizzaman's Creed**

This is my pizza. There are many like it, but this one is mine.

My pizza is my best friend. It is my life. I must master it as I must master my life.

My pizza, without me, is useless. Without my pizza, I am useless. I must eat my pizza true. I must chew faster than my neighbor who is trying to eat more pizza than me. I must out-eat him before he out-eats me. I will...

My pizza and I know that what counts in dining is not the amount of bites we take, the noise of our lips smacking, nor the gas we make. We know that it is the flavor that counts. We will eat...

My pizza is human, even as I, because it is my life. Thus, I will learn it as a brother. I will learn its weaknesses, its strength, its parts, its accessories, its toppings and its crust. I will keep my pizza clean and ready, even as I am clean and ready. We will become part of each other. We will...

Before God, I swear this creed. My pizza and I are the defenders of my country. We are the masters of our taste. We are the saviors of my life.

So be it, until victory is America's and there are no empty boxes, but pizza for all!
Pizza is like sex--even when it's bad, it's pretty good.

Old saying.
This is my pizza, and it's fine,

It's where I spend the vast majority of my time,

[It's not perfect, but it's mine.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dg3PberzvXo)
Probably my fourth pizza, still getting the kinks out but as an irishman raised on meat and potatoes I am pleased with my progress.

* Dough is store bought but fresh/not frozen
* Freshly grated mozzarella
* Freshly grated cheddar (less of this)
* Freshly pressed garlic
* Peperoni

I brushed the crust with olive oil and baked for about 10 minutes at 500. I continue to have problems getting the dough right and somewhat round with an equal crust but I think it gives it character..
#ALLpizzaisbeautiful
Some of the best pizza I ever had in a restaurant were hand pulled and NOT perfectly round. So don't worry about that at all. Roundness only matters for TV ads and mass production, what really matters is the taste.
You do not want to put cold dough in the oven(quickie tip,while preheating your oven , place dough on a oiled tray on the back of your oven top near where the heat vents off, it will help rise quicker). Let your dough rise or proof longer. That will help prevent your wonky shape. Also make sure it is pressed out evenly. Be sure you perforate the dough with a fork or a many pronged device. Doing so will prevent bubbles forming in your dough and such pushing your toppings towards the middle. Bubbles in pizza is bad. All in all your pizza looks delicious. Just a bit longer on the dough to rise and you wouldn't of had the dough retract as much when cooking.
I'd eat it. 
Pizza is life 
"Real pizzas have curves" 
#allpizzasmatter
Look at the smile on that pizza (middle and far right) on the crust.. It just looks so content :)
Looks pretty perfect to me! 
10/10 would eat.

I should probably have dinner.
Nice job!
I have a rule when if comes to pizza.


Quantity over quality. I'd rather have an unlimited amount of shitty CiCis pizza than one good pizza.



Yes, I'm fat.
I'd hit that
Strange...that's what my mother said when I was born.
I know [this guy](http://i.imgur.com/13r5Zp4.jpg) is satisfied with your work.
Its Pizza. Its perfect. 
Anyone else notice the smiley face on the right side of the crust?
Pizza is like sex. Even if it's not great, it's usually not that bad. 
Just call it rustic. That's what they do on cut throat kitchen! But in all honesty that crust looks delicious! 
This is my pizza. There are many others like it, but this one is mine.

[Pizza!!!!](http://i.imgur.com/gXe1Be2.jpg)
Your title makes me think of [this song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CDGuPp1np4o), but with the lyrics changed to include pizza.
Oh wow, that is an absolutely terrible pizza. It's probably completely inedible. Here, just give it to me, I'll dispose of it properly. Just hand it here.
My mom said the same thing when i was born
I will just leave this here

http://i.imgur.com/VlPx9JX.gifv
Not so easy to make it perfectly round. We use a cookie sheet for baking and end up with rectangular deliciousness
It looks like a chef boyardee pizza. They're delicious 
This is my pizza. There are many like it, but this one is mine.
I would eat that, then pull a king Posiedon from Spongebob, then eat it again. 
It is kinda perfect!
Pizza?!?! Now that's what I call a taco!
It's a pretty tasty looking pizza actually.
How many libations did you have before that was made?! Still looks damn good though!!!
This is my PIZZA! There are many like it, but this one is mine!
Not perfect? I would have named this beauty had I created it...
It doesn't *look* good, but it looks *good*  and that's all that really matters. 
The little pizza that could.
If it tastes great the shape is pretty unimportant. 
If it makes you feel any better, I wish this was my pizza. Not only because I do not have pizza, but my perfect pizza looks exactly like this, crust is life.
I used to make pizzas in high school for a bar / restaurant.  I've had several successful homemade pizza attempts.  Here are a few tips for making a great pizza:

Dough - Follow this [recipe](http://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/bobby-flay/pizza-dough-recipe.html#)...use the video titled "How to Make and Form Pizza Dough".  It's perfect and makes 2-3 pizzas.

Sauce - I apologize as I still don't have the portions down perfect, but I buy 3 of those small tomato paste cans and 1 small can of tomato sauce.  Mix it all together, add a bunch of salt, pepper, oregano, and basil.  Some red pepper flakes, and if you want a sweeter sauce (give it a whirl sometime) add some sugar.  I usually just grab a handful and toss it in.  When you go to taste test it, the sauce will be quite potent, but that's what you're going for.

Cheese - I just use store bought shredded cheese...it tastes fine.

Toppings - Do whatever you want!  You can get some italian sausages and rip open the wrapper so you can use that as a topping.  Sausage tip - grab a hunk, dip your thumb in the sauce, and deal the sausage pieces out like a deck of cards on to your pizza.

Applying your ingredients.  Here's where a lot of folks mess up (outside of not properly rolling out the dough).  With a big spoon, plop some sauce on middle of the dough.  With the back of the spoon, slowly and in a circular motion work your way out spreading the sauce to the edge.  Leave a small amount for the crust, but not too much (or you get what you have in the picture.  Apply toppings except for pepperoni, that goes on top of the cheese.  Apply your cheese. You should still be able to see some of the sauce here or there when you're done.  Cheese melts and will fill the tiny holes.

Cook that sucker til the crust is golden brown.  Looks like you got the cooking part down pat.  That pizza is perfectly cooked.

Good luck and enjoy!
Ugly pizzas taste better!
My mom said the same thing when I was born.
I'd pay ten bucks for that.
nice! pizza is not supposed to be perfect.
Hey op, happy pepperoni.
That's what I said about my son
Pizza is like sex...even when its bad, its still pretty good
Headline is my favorite joke of the day! (i.e., it's OP's *personal pan pizza*)
I just had a warm soda and a tootsie roll pop.
it's perfect as fuck
Pizza, Netflix, and chill?
Up vote for making it on your own and not buying the ready to eat stuff. 
looks good to me - try making your own dough next time too!
Looks like dominos 
Oh man, it doesn't matter what it looks like. Homemade pizza trumps all others.
Pizza will be pizza 

I would eat that shiz.

Perfectly round is for mass-produced.  Homemade pizza should be unround; each slice should have its own character.

Looks perfect to me (though I'd add anchovies...)!
4/10 will eat.
"Love your curves and all your edges;  
All your perfect imperfections."  
--me, about any pizza ever
I saw an apple pie that looked a bit like that last night.  I imagine it was just as good.
Still looks delicious. I'd eat that.
Looks perfect to me ;)    I want a bite!!! lol
This is my pizza. There are many pizzas like it, but this one is mine.

Pizza-man's creed.
You just convinced me to go make my Celeste Pizza for One and I can guarantee you that your pizza reigns supreme. Mazel. 
Someone please.tell me what's wrong with this pizza?!?! Tell me the truth, I don't understand!
Thanks for reminding me. It's been too long since I made some pizza. I need to do that again and see how well my homemade mozzarella works as a topping.
/r/sexypizza
Who cares how it looks, how does it taste?
that looks fucking tasty
cut me up a slice, op
Looks great, as far as I'm concerned. The crust ballooned and browned nicely, the cheese is a good golden brown, and the pepperoni curled up nicely. The ultimate pizza failure, in my mind, is failing to adequately heat the cheese and toppings. Tacky, uncooked mozzarella should never exist on a pizza. This usually results from rookies trying to add too many moisture-heavy toppings on top of a thick layer of cheese. I would rather make a handful of small pizzas to share, each with one or two toppings, than make a pizza for each person with seven toppings each. If you do want a "supreme" pizza, you've gotta cut way back on the cheese, or it will never get done.

If you plan on making pizza often, a stone is definitely worth the modest investment. Most of us do not have a commercial pizza oven at home, but using a pizza stone can approximate the intense, concentrated heat that gives the crust the right texture.
How the hell is this not perfect? It's my goddamn background now.
Who cares if it looks perfect? Important part is that it looks tasty, and that it does.
That is a beautiful pizza!
Dude, as a crust lover, that shit is perfect.
This is my Pizza ..They're many like it .but this one is mine
Jesus that's an ugly fuckin pizza! Beer it tasted awesome though... Good job bro
Looks good
Actually looks pretty good. LOVE food with personality :).  
Nice job!  Doing it yourself is much better if you can stop and appreciate the effort and time and love that went into it.
If I learned anything about cooking, it's that perfect looking food either tastes like nothing OR doesn't exist. 
I would eat that in a heartbeat.
This is my pizza.  There are many like it, but this one is mine.

My pizza is my best friend. It is my life. I must master it as I must master my life.

My pizza, without me, is useless. Without my pizza, I am useless. I must eat my pizza true. I must eat faster than my enemy who is trying to eat his. I must eat mine before he eats his. I will...

My pizza and I know that what counts in war is not the thickness of our crust, the gooeyness of our cheese, nor the numerousness of our pepperoni. We know that it is the devouring that counts. We will eat...

My pizza is human, even as I, because it is my life. Thus, I will learn it as a brother. I will learn its weaknesses, its strength, its parts, its accessories, its mushrooms and its peppers. I will keep my pizza hot and ready, even as I am hot and ready. We will become part of each other. We will...

Before God, I swear this creed. My pizza and I are the defenders of my country. We are the masters of our enemy. We are the saviors of my life.

So be it, until victory is America's and there is no enemy, but hunger!
[It's not perfect](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dg3PberzvXo) -Tim Minchin
I'd eat that.
That's a normal looking pizza, bro.
Came in hoping the picture is not the a baby. Came out with another reason to like pizza. 
Imperfections are the best part of food. If it was all uniform and perfect there would be no "good bite".
Looks damn delicious to me. :)
Nailed it.
Funny that's what your mom said about you...jk...looks tasty.
Pizza is like pussy. Even when it's bad, it's still good.
I think it looks nice ; )
This is adorable
10/10 would eat.

I should probably have dinner.
Look delicious, just gotta work on the shape. That's the easy part tho 
Honestly looks better in presentation than like 60% of pictures of authentic pizza from Italy. What even is [this](http://i.imgur.com/rJ1HYAA.jpg)?..
Worked in a pizza shop


Sent out a pie that didn't get perfectly circled.

Guest calls in complaining the pie wasn't perfectly pi.


I said, "Don't make a fuss now, sir, at least you know we hand made it just for you, rather than just popped a brick pie in."


Boss said it was a good answer


Gave me a raise. Wasn't much, but 10% raise is a 10% raise (5.00/hr to 5.50/hr)
It looks perfect enough to me.
jesus fuck, that's the saddest excuse for a pizza i've ever had the misfortune of seeing.
That's what your mom said when you were born
Thats how i feel about my children
the most autistic pizza i've ever seen and and anyone who knows me will tell you ive seen some shit!!!!!
Looks like a perfect pizza to me.
Looks better than anything Domino's delivers to my house.
Unperfect food look better than perfect. It looks more real
You should start a pizza restaurant called "Papa Boners"
NOT ENOUGH CHESEEEE......ENJOY YOUR BREAD.
The very thing is that you made that pizza. You didn't wimp out and give up. Instead, you leveled up
This is what I imagine,  it has a yeasty taste to the dough, and the bottom is slightly overcooked.   -Every personal pizza ever.
Hey, a pizza's a pizza, no matter how it may look.
I am hour 5 of my acid trip and man I gotta say that pizza looks ducking amazing like the way it flows idk I had to tell someone... Your pizza 10/10 
I have one too!

http://imgur.com/YFnm5nm
It looks wonderful, but then again, my idea of a pizza is way too much bread for most people.
I'd hit that
As someone who used to work at a Little Caesars and would experiment when the boss wasn't around, that's a good lookin' pizza, buddy!
I wouldn't eat it.  Here, I'll make sure it's ok for you ...
Damn, I just paid $15 for something that looked exactly like that tonight.
[(-:](http://puu.sh/liy7T/ff544a4f2d.jpg)
Is that a ninja turtle hand on the right?
You sound like my mom.
Did it taste good? Mission accomplished.
/r/sexypizza
For some reason this made me "Aww" 
It may not be perfect, but you made it and it'll taste so much better. I always find that food I made myself tastes so damn good.
I'd pay ten bucks for that.
That pizza looking at me like it's in a hurry to climb a tower and ring the bell...

https://ridingstorms.files.wordpress.com/2014/10/quasimodo.jpg
When you go to Italy and you see their pizzas, they are not perfectly round either.  This idea of a perfect round crust is a very American fast food thing.  Original Italian pizza was not concerned with such trivialities.  It is all about the taste.
It looks like an albino ditto with acne
That's what my mom says about me
I'll make different batches til I get excited to go make my Celeste Pizza for One and I know this guy has an entire department dedicated to specialized cheese.
Thanks, mom. 
Only thing I'd change is a little more pepperoni, and perhaps smaller crust edges so you have more room for cheese/sauce toppings. 

The dough looks amazing though. Cooked with a stone? 
Wow. What a fuck up.
Tim Minchin fan?
That doesnt look bad at all. 

I mean the Form is a bit off but fuck that, who cares about that shit

I'd totally eat your pizza
amazing.....
I like it, I like it a lot! Great pizza doesn't have to be perfectly round.
Yup it's a pizza.
The best homemade pizzas are not round. You win!
It's kind of a misshapen circle, but it looks really tasty. 
You should see my ciabatta bread.  
Pretty darn close to perfect if you ask me. Those beautiful golden brown cheese bubbles, the crispy curled edges of the pepperoni, the tomato sauce peeking through; looks like you just about nailed it.

Damn, now I'm craving pizza at 2 AM. I should know better than to go on r/food right before bed.
omg that looks so fucking delicious....
Dammit, I just had pizza like 5 hours ago, and now I want pizza.

Thanks, OP!
Still miles better than Little Caesar's
who made this? 
And that's aaaaallll that matters
Be proud, son. That's a mighty fine lookin hamburger.
I make a pizza, that is a no pizza
This is my pie....there are many like it, but this one is mine! Hooha!
That's what she said to me.
I'de eat it.
I'd do things to this pie....American things. 
nice! pizza is not supposed to be perfect.
All right but is it tasty, is it scrumptious, is it crunchable  ??
Anybody else see the happy face in the crust?
LPT: if you want to get rid of those air pockets in your pizza. Poke the base with a fork all around before you put toppings on
What? It is perfect!
Awww. 
Ay lemme get a bit though OP!
Seems Delicious! Feeling hungry now ! 
To quote Frank Barone from Everybody Loves Raymond:

"The stomach knows not ugly."
awww :)
What is that?
What should be the problem here? 
It to s about the shape ? Google image search "original pizza", it looks pretty much like one that you get in Naples, Italy where they made the first pizza ever (probably)

The pizza looks really good.
Tastes good, mighty good, good for you, good for me! 
Kill meee
you should post this to /r/pizza!
It doesn't have to be perfect, but it does have to taste yummy. Obviously handmade food has a kinda popular aesthetic right now too. I'd eat the ass off of that pizza. 
Actually looks pretty damn tasty.
It's hard to get homemade pizza to turn out very round. But yours looks well cooked with the only problem being the shape. Good shit. Fuck looks. I'd rather have a terrible looking but tasty dish than a good looking but awful dish any day. 
It's better
it looks so yummy!The taste is more important that appearance! :D
Funny enough, I made a pizza tonight as well!

**http://i.imgur.com/nNZHESI.jpg**
It's not perfect but I still want some
Definitely not perfect but still looks delicious.

It seems your biggest problem is the thickness and unevenness of your crust, something I struggle with also. 
No one loves Spam as much as Hawaii.... except for Korea
This could easily be a Filipino meal. Interesting how similar Hawaiian and Filipino cuisine is.
Want me to put peanut butter cups in your eggs?
Spam, eggs, spam and rice, spam and spam.

edit: and spam.
"Stay Ono. Come hea boi, Uncle Shoyu"
Spam Musobi has to be my favorite, get it while you're in Hawaii!

Edit: Musubi*
Im Filipino and we eat this nearly every saturday for breakfast! Except for the soysauce on the rice. We make garlic fried rice instead
Just don't order Mexican food in Hawaii.  Lack of fresh tortillas.  Even the chips suck.
Looks delicious! I prefer over easy runny eggs with my spam and rice...freakin yum.

You ever try Spam &amp; egg bfast tacos? 
I like to cut spam into little cubes and fry it until it's crispy and then add it to some macaroni and cheese.  It's great.
Yum!!!  Ono grinds!!
Why do so many East Asian and Polynesian countries love spam so much? Is it a hangover from the War or something?
Add some kimchi and you'll have Koreans knocking on your door!
As a Vietnamese person, this is how I eat spam and eggs too. It's great. 
I prefer portuguese sausage eggs and rice xP
TIL that Hawaiians are basically Filipinos
Legit. Spam haters don't know what they're missing.
SODIUM OVERWHELMING!
Scrambled?! Blasphemy! Only sunny runny yolks are acceptable! Should've added poi
Now roll all that into a burrito!  Good stuff that spam.  
Do people not like spam or something? I like spam. People should like spam.
I love Spam on sushi. So good. 
But can I get it without the [spam?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=anwy2MPT5RE)
I'm from Hawaii (Lived here all of my life)

This is still my favorite breakfast meal to this day. I'm not sure if most people from other places would actually like it though.

BUT nothing beats a homemade Spam Musubi, I make one every day for lunch.

(P.S - You're missing the Vienna Sausage)
Traditional Hawaiian dish right there bruddah!
This ! Or spam on sushi rice sprinkled with those Japanese bonito flakes. 
Best thing ever !! 
I also made Japanese rice balls this way with spams in the middle and unfortunately... No one really appreciated it :( but.. More for me!
I found out that growing up poor led me to have a pension for preserved foods and all things fermented.. 

Everyone who talks shit about spam has never actually *cooked* it, pretty much any meat out of a can that's not cooked tastes like shit.
That looks like prison food.
This was mine and my former roommate's favorite bachelor meal, only the egg was drive in the spam grease and we had instant mashed potatoes.
I prefer the spam, spam, spam, spam, spam, eggs, and spam.
thats a big ass breakfast! also interesting, i never had rice with bread/bun. 
The only thing wrong with this picture is the eggs aren't fried and sitting atop the rice. 
Friggin' gains, man
Oh, the real deal, with the Aloha shoyu
Spam is not just an Hawaiian food. I grew up in the country in Texas and we always ate fried spam sandwiches with lettuce, tomato, mustard, mayo, and cheese. As a child and I absolutely loved it. My parents always told me that we ate it because we we couldn't afford the expensive stuff. Once I moved out on my own I found out it's actually not that cheap. Anyways, I got a job while in my first year of college and one of my coworkers who was from Hawaii told me how to fix spam the Hawaiian way. He told me to fry some cubed potatoes, then add your spam, eggs, and diced onions. Holy shit that is so damn good. 
island boy here (P.I.), no greater pleasure in life than thin sliced spam pan seared on each side, with white rice. Heaven is me, a pillow, a tv, and a infinitely refilling bowl of spam and rice.
I know it's not spam but I got two words for ya,..
 
            Loco Moco!

Yummmmmmm. Thanks and that us all.
You had me at Spam.
Alright, say I want to try Spam with my breakfast for the first time. What do the good people here recommend I do with my first tin?
I avoided spam for the longest time then a friend from Hawaii forced me to try it and I loved it. 
This just made me so homesick. 
Jus here to represent Hawaii. That is the breakfast of Champions
God damn thats a really heavy breakfast 
I've never knocked it, I've tried it, and I love it.
I'm not a big Spam fan, fried Spam on Hawaiian bread is pretty damn good!
Looks like spam spam spam spam eggs rice bread and spam. 
As someone from Hawaii I'm looking down at my breakfast of scrambled eggs and toast and crying on the inside now. 
spam in deep fried or just sauteed?

.... that is a lot more spam in a single serving than what I imagined
This meal exists because it's hard to get the same food in HI that we get on the main land. You can't even get the Wendy's $4 deal.
I fry spam and dice it up and put it in my macaroni and cheese. Totally rocks! 
I love spam, I often eat it fried here in the uk 
Spam is delicious, but it is also about 1100 calories a can.  I had to stop eating it.  :-(
Looks like it would be easy to make.
Fried spam is heavenly &lt;3
I love how McDonalds has spam and eggs in the menu there
I think the vikings did it first https://youtu.be/anwy2MPT5RE
I love spam. Well, I've lived all my life in Hawaii, so that probably has a lot to do with it lol.
This looks like a normal student dinner.
McDonald's in Hawaii serves pretty much this exact meal. I really wish they'd serve it mainland, too. I'd actually go there for breakfast sometime.
Spam Musubi makes my world go round.
BUT I DON'T LIKE SPAM!!!
That's a local boy breakfast, all that's missing is Portuguese sausage.
Spam is just ham shoulder meat and various ham mixed in. Probably similar to hot dog if I had to guess. Doesn't seem bad at all. Contains a good ammount of nitrates which isn't so good.
I had that in Hawaii. Delicious!
Damn that looks good. I really love the way Spam slides out after you squeeze the sides of the can.

What is considered better? Regular Spam or Spam with bacon?
I love Spam on sushi. So good. 
Cut roll in half, put spam and eggs in between the two slices of roll, each like breakfast sandwich... Yum!  Don't know what you'd do with the rice in that scenario.
Love me some plate lunch
This almost reads as

Burger and fries, don't knock it till you try it!
To each their own, but, maybe cos I'm British, I will never eat spam again for as long as I live. Last time I had it was late 70s early 80s.

Tis the Devil's fayre! :)
The people in this thread consists of islanders (Guam, Saipan, Hawai'i, etc...), Filipinos, and a minority of White people. Lol
I love spam lol
I love Spam. A bit salty, but otherwise very underrated.
Why do Hawaiians like spam so much? 

I only really eat it on hikes and such.
Is that Ketchup?
Hoooo brah like some eh?
Shout out to Saipan and Guam redditors.
Damn, this is making me really, really hungry.
If I knocked those eggs they'd knock back.
That said. I love spam, eggs, and rice, anywhere.
Doesn't Hawaii have really high rates of heart disease from all of the spam that they eat?
That much spam must be practically your week's worth of sodium
I love Spam. A bit salty, but otherwise very underrated.
I love Spam and Eggs!! its a regular on my home breakfast menu!

Fry the rice and spam together, fry the eggs, throw a burger patty in, and drown the whole thing in gravy and you might have me convinced.
Damnit. I'm traveling and all I want to do is make this and watch Netflix. 
Spam, eggs and rice is nice, but those Hawaiian rolls is where its at.
Looks great to me ! What's on the rice ? 
Yum. Had it and it is a great breakfast to start out a hike in one of the most beautiful places on earth.
Hawaiians do two (food) things exceptionally well: poke and breakfast.
I make this all the time minus the ketchup.

One of my favourite things to make :3.
Had it and it was a spamburger. and it was a spamburger. and it is a great breakfast to start out a hike in one of the can.
you go look up an L&amp;L Barbeque and order the spam musubi ...thk me later
loco moco is best
http://giphy.com/gifs/surf-noah-pipeline-HyTf7xx86v1jW?utm_source=iframe&amp;utm_medium=embed&amp;utm_campaign=tag_click. 

Spam and musubi or Loco moco
As someone who cooks and loves spam, how did you bread? I like mine seared hard, borderline burnt, curious how this taste. Looks like a traditional breading, maybe cornmeal? 
Oh fuck yes. 
Moco loco!!!!!!!!!!! 
*has tried spam* **\*KNOCKS***
I like spam... I'm Canadian. It's too salty though... Otherwise I would eat so much of it.
Went is spam so popular in Hawaii?  It seems like anything I watch related to Hawaii has spam in it.
Never liked spam until I visited Honolulu. The spam and sausage breakfast, spam musubi, spam chili. Amazing stuff. 
Is that a King's Hawaiian roll... ?
Where's its made... Also have the spam museum in Austin, Minnesota.
Eating an okinawan musubi while reading this 
This... is my lazy weekend breakfast lunch and dinner.
Rice, country gravy, spam, and a sunny side up runny toll egg. Best breakfast.
I dunno, that does look good but I would take Huli Chicken over spam. 
I never realized living in Kentucky this wasn't what everyone ate. Those filipino roots though. 
That seems more fitting than chicken and waffles
I love spam. That looks delicious. Needs ketchup for the eggs and maybe the rice..or everything. 
Filipinos love this... I always cook this when I'm too lazy to cook
Filipino here. And I definitely love my spam and eggs! Also spam musubi is one of my faves! :D
I love the Hawaiian dinner roll. I've wondered if they actually eat that too. I'm fortunate that I can buy mine at Costco and it becomes affordable. The dinner rolls are great for everything; plain with dinner. With eggs and sausage or bacon on a sandwich, use two rolls still together as hotdog buns, four to make hotdog buns( cut those down and they're sliders) and tuna salad sandwiches on plain sized rolls. Perfect for any situation. 
This is a popular dish here in Okinawa too. I often see gift sets of Spam around the holidays, that's how different Spam's rep is here compared to the States. :D I will say, though, it's damn tasty sliced thinly and pan fried in butter until the outside is brown and crispy. A few thin slices of that with an over easy egg, rice, and some sauteed onion and bell pepper and you have some awesome drunk food. Lol 
And when visiting the beautiful Hawai'ian islands, good luck not trying it!
What you guys dont know is that at Hawaii's Mcdonalds our Big Breakfast is Eggs, Rice, Spam, &amp; Sausage, and we also have taro pies at Mcdonalds, idk if they still sell them though.
Sorry but who the hell is knocking this?
I worked down the street from the factory that made spam, next door to the spam museum, downwind of the pork processing plant. The smell was... Not pleasant. Ruined this meal for me. I'm still pissed.
Needs more baked beans.
Step it up a notch. Fry the rice, throw some of that spam in the rice. And finish it off with the eggs fried over easy on top.
Recipe please?
Good breakfast food. Born and raised in the south....this was a typical breakfast every week.
Klik FTW! knock off version of spam. :D
I make Spam sliders on Hawaiian bread rolls. It rules. 
I grew up on the west coast and recently moved to NJ and tried pork roll for the first time and realized it was just really good spam.
I moved to Maui two months ago.  Never had tried spam before I moved here.  Now spam musubi is my go-to for a quick meal when I'm on the run.  It's pretty good stuff really.
I was driving through fort drum a few years ago and to my surprise i saw a L&amp;L Hawaiian BBQ right outside the main gate! Its not even a franchise but the real deal, Every time I drive by i stop in. Chicken Katsu curry is probably my all time greatest guilty pleasure. I live In Syracuse and we even have a few very good Hawaiian restaurants here, never would have thought that once I left Hawaii 8 years ago I would enjoy such fine food again.

I still miss Ahi Poke, that stuff is devine.
The catsup is a must with this.
My girlfriend loves this shit. I've become more open to spam. Those also do spam patty with sticky rice and seaweed.
Damn now I want some and those loco moco.
I'll eat anything you serve if I get to do it in Hawaii.
Throw in some baked beans and I'd eat that for breakfast every day.

I don't understand why so many people dislike spam without ever trying it. Its a wonderfully tasty breakfast meat, especially if you cut it semi-thin and fry it up til its crispy...mmmmm....

Filipino soul food
Good ol' unicorn meat. A childhood favorite. 
As a filipino kid growing up, this is the only thing I knew how to make that was readily available at home. 
I literally ate this everyday.
Can confirm. Plus the aloha shoyu. That's grinds. 
Food looks so good I can feel a fart cooking.
Sunny side up + SPAM wit Ketchup is how I like it.
This isn't just a hawaiian dish, my mom made this for breakfast countless times here in alabama.
Lol, this is pretty much a Filipino meal too.
Spam and Rice is an excellent combination.
Needs gravy and it's golden. 
Mmmm. Now I want some Musubi...
This is my second favorite Hawaiian breakfast.  I can't believe nobody has mentioned loco moco.
My Fav was musabe! Pan seared spam nuggets with brown sugar; with rice, wrapped in seaweed. Fucking YUM
U know  you need seaweed to wrap it up
looks pretty awesome
You know they love spam when you can get it at McDonald's.  

I'm half Filipino, born in HI and lived there for 3 years while in the military.  

That and spam musubi from 7-11.   
Whats in the bun?
I didn't think this was too weird. The weirdest thing for me was eating rice for breakfast.

Aside from the fact that McDonald's served rice. That was fucking weird.
I've just become addicted to spam musubi.  Makes me feel very guilty.  
Yum!!!  Ono grinds!!
Spam great but its kinda salty after two slices
Hell im from ohio and i grew up on this meal. Spam is amazing.
As a Minnesotan my family loves spam
what does spam taste like?
thats a staple breakfeast in hawaii. just missing the Portuguese sausage
I tried it and loved it.  mcdonalds serves breakfast with rice and spam
Hawaiian here, can confirm this is one of my favorite meals. Pan fried spam is the BEST. Sprinkle a little brown sugar over it to glaze...mmm
wow looks great!! cheap eats :)
spam in batter as always been a simple joy to me.
I have never tried spam, and I don't live in the US anymore. Anyone care to explain what it tastes like?
Korean Hawaiian protip: adding spam in your kimchi soup as it's cooking will change your life
Oh man I miss that. Gotta get some podagee sausage on the side.
Haven't had spam in ages. My mouth is watering right now :(
Ayy peanut butter cups!!
Looks so good! Just need furikake 
I have tried the Hawaii food once time!!!


This is a meal for one person?
The most expensive thing on this plate is the bread LOl
Spam and eggs and rice?!! 

Not nearly as nice as the lobster  thermidor aux crevettes with a mornay sauce, garnished with truffle pâté, brandy and a fried egg on top, and Spam.
Tried it :) Filipino here
Wow. I thought Spam was a UK thing (well was, you don't see it anymore). Deep fried battered Spam is my favourite drunk food.
Just got back from Maui. Ate at "Da Kitchen". Not cheap, but holy crap it was amazing and HUGE portions. I recommend the Notorious BIG. It has everything in your photo plus like ten or fifteen more ingredients. Highly recommend.
Is that from Number 1 Chinese?

(For you mainlanders who don't know, Number 1 Chinese is the Number 1 Chinese place on a lot of the islands)
are Kings Hawaiian Buns still Hawaiian in Hawaii or are they just Kings Buns?
Met a guy in college whose parents were born and raised in Hawaii. His grandma had moved to Oregon and bought a ton of land. One day he invited me to the land to go shooting. After an hour or so we went inside to say hi. She had made us a feast of eggs Spam an rice. My parents raised me to believe Spam was nasty so I'd never tried it. My parents lied. 
Never tried Spam until a few months ago.

Cold it's terrible, but fried it's actually tasty. I've bought it a few times since. Really nice with eggs.
rice and spam always go together,  so do spam and scrambled eggs! only weird part would be rice and scrambled eggs (usually its rice and raw eggs or just fried eggs), but the only difference is the texture so wheeee
Something else you guys can try that you can make pretty simply at home. 

I usually do this lazy without seaweed and just pour gravy over the bed of rice and chop up the spam into bitlits. Mix it together and bam deliciousness. 

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spam_musubi
ROLLS??? Now I definitely will not try this meal. I was not informed there would also be rolls included, this whole situation has now become incredibly suspect.
I don't know how anyone could dislike any of these foods
what is spam?
Why would you eat this when a Loco Moco is on the same menu?  One of the best breakfasts I've ever had.
This should last me all winter.....aaaaaaaaaaaaand it's gone.
Can you please detail what equipment you used for this and how long you expect your chilli to be able to survive in those conditions etc?
Wow! I make all kinds of soups frequently, and always in excess. I would love to get into canning. Is there a special recipe you need to follow in order to can it safely, or will pressure canning work with any old recipe?
Im an Aussie and Ive only recently heard of canning and Im interested by it. I wonder, 1, how long can you expect something like beef soup to last? and 2, would the taste/quality diminish over time?
If people in this thread are interested in learning how to can not only fruits and vegetables, but also whole meals containing meat.  I highly recommend contacting your local cooperative extension or community college to see if there is a class on food preservation you can take.  They are usually short classes that shouldn't cost very much.  Correctly canning food is super high on the list of things that must be done absolutely correctly.  Botulism is no joke. 
Why isnt it call Jarring? 
God, I love canning. I just canned a humble batch of [apple butter](http://imgur.com/9JNybmO) this weekend. I know that one of the purposes of canning is to preserve food, but I know these won't last a month in my house. 
I'd like to see the percentage of canned foods that actually get eaten. I've cleared out basements full of this shit from depression era individuals and it starts to get ridiculous, as in the actual canning process is the hobby not food preservation really. 
You should check out /r/canning
I am embarrassed to admit at my age (mid-40s) that I did not know you could can things like chili and soup.

My husband and I just bought a new house (we're in the middle of moving) and it has a 12x12 cement storm shelter under the garage (access is from the basement).  We'd intended to put cabinets in there for storing canned veggies and the like.

We also have an enormous freezer, where I always have homemade chili and various soups (usually stuffed pepper soup &amp; loaded potato soup) frozen.  But as big as the freezer is, there are times I find myself running out of space.  We're in rural Michigan, so we regularly have the opportunity to buy half a cow, or a pig, etc. and then my freezer is loaded.

So I am intrigued by the idea that I could potentially can the chili and soups and store those in the storm shelter instead... it would free up so much space in my deep freezer!

Now I have something new to obsess over, as if I'm not going crazy enough trying to pack LOL  Thanks so much for sharing your hard work AND for the inspiration!!
Netflix and Chili.
Well done!!  Good for you and your wife!  Not a lot of folks 'put food by' anymore!  Mores the pity for them!  They do not know the feeling of achievement by lining those jars up on the shelf!  Nor do they understand just how MUCH better the food tastes!  I used to can a bushel of tomatoes every fall and a half bushel of peaches and pears.  Those would all be used up by the next summer...and I canned them in September!  Proud of you guys!!

Excuse my ignorance. Is this the equivalent of store canned food? And if it is how long does it stay good for?
your house must have smelled wonderful!  
good job.
I read the title (All day at work, canned 10 quarts of vegetable soup, quart and  chill). For a moment you sounded like the happiest man at work. 
We eat what we can, and can what we can't. 
http://i.imgur.com/IhaQzaX.gifv
I want to do this! That's so cool! I just got a water bath canner and can't wait to use it. : ) 
Mom?
When did you learn how to use Reddit, mom? 
/r/mealprepsunday
You're ready for Fallout 4
It comes in pints??
[Canned Applause]
That's my name don't wear it out. 
store food... because you can

Hope they find a new job before the holidays :/
Is this like a trendy thing now or something? I don't get why people here are so blown away by something your grandmother likely did all the time. It's strange to me that this isn't extremely common knowledge..
Ready for Fallout ehh? Ehhh?

Ill show myself out...
/r/mealprepsunday
Damn, you've restored my faith in Reddit's food subs.  

This is frickin glorious, OP.  I mean that in every reddit way.  That's a goddamned majestic display of effort right there.  
This is def. front page material.
Looks great, good job!
You are now prepared for Z-Day.
How long does it take you to can it after competing the soup?  I've got a 23 quart pressure canner but I've only ever used it for cooking.
That sink must be a challenge to fully polish and clean the corners?   Outstanding on the canning...I have never thought to can meat items.  
I assume you need a pressure canner to can soup?
I will take two of each. Bill me.
Apocolicious 
I don't know what the fuck is going on but I upvoted anyway because you sound proud of it!
My jars sometimes split in the freezer... though somehow I think I shouldn't be freezing them. 
(OP's manager) "That's all you did today?!?! You're Fired!"
Nice. Now empty them all out and refill with moonshine :)
Mind your P's and Q's
The title sounds like the beginning to math problem I'll never solve. 
In general, how long can this last? Does it need to be refrigerated? Did you use a pressure cooker? If so, how long? Thanks!
That stuff took months to grow.
I'd love to try canning but I'd probably end up either blowing up the kitchen with the pressure canner or contracting botulism.

Sooooo I think I'll keep procrastinating until the end of time.
people in romania can 100 quarts a day when they are preparing for winter
If this is considered a lot for a family, then my family's canning process could feed legions!
how long will this keep?

also..how do?
That is awesome! Can you can bananas, they're my new obsession [thanks to this](http://efthegym.com/2015/10/02/how-to-making-dessert-from-deli-finds/?utm_medium=social&amp;utm_source=Reddit&amp;utm_campaign=natalie)
how long will this keep?

also..how do?
Alright I'm coming over to your house to eat this winter lol.
That looks good, OP. 

But assuming you use one bottle per day, it won't last long. 
Now which is which???
Where did you get your recipes?  And are you pressure canning or water bath canning?  I'd be scared to eat chili a year later if it wasn't pressure canned.
Where do I put my address and cc info!?
I'll take em all
Compared to freezing, does canning last longer? How about quality?
how safe is canning? I don't know much about it, but feel that i could benefit from canning a lot of food. also once something is canned, can it be kept at room temperature, until it it opened?
How long does it take you to can it after competing the soup?  I've got a 23 quart pressure canner but I've only ever used it for cooking.
I don't care what anybody says, applesauce will always be my absolute favorite food.
My mom does a TON of canning. She's got all the fancy canning stuff right now we are at: 

16 quart jars of apple sauce 

30 pints of salsa (mild/medium/hot) 

12 pints of Apple/Mint Jelly 

12 pints of red plum jelly 

6 pints of canned pears

6 pints of apple butter 

6 pints of golden current jelly

6 pints of red current jelly

4 pints of choke cherry jelly

8 quart bags of frozen apple slices 

She has a juicer that she uses to get all the juices for her jelly. She adds a bit of lemon juice to the apples to keep them fresh. She spends hours sterilizing the jars, jar lids, jar rings, jar holders, tongs. She then water baths the jars once they are filled and sealed. It feels like the kitchen is turned into sterile hospital clean room when she does her canning. 

Ahh! This makes me want to look into canning salmon.
Make sure you label them. 
That's amazing!! 
How much did it cost you to can these all? We are fairly poor, but the one thing I make sure, is that we eat well. 
I know nothing about canning, but if it's likely to save a whole bunch of money, I'm in!
Awesome!! 
That's pretty slack?
You get +1 wellness for consuming all of that.
Canning is a great way to save on groceries and no preservatives! I have over 400 jars which get filled and used each year. Tip use one quart of old discolours peaches or pears to make bread,great flavour!
You my friend are ready for winter lol.
Grandma...is that you? 
Apple sauce recipe pl0x!!
Would you be willing to share your recipes?  I canned spaghetti sauce once but it tasted terrible! It had a lot of vegetables and not much of a flavor. I would love to try again for a good sauce!
Wait, so that will just sit on a shelf??
When I first saw this, I thought you were getting stocked for an apocalypse.
As someone who started doing this with my grandparents, I'm thrilled to see this thread! I'm crazy for home-canned foods.
...can you not?


I'll show myself out.
Y2K could still happen you know
Why? 
Somebody ELI5 "Canning" please.  Like how can you put cooked soup (with meat no less) in a can and seal it up and it have a long shelf life?
How much botulism did you include in each can/ jar?
Damn, if only you'd canned them in metric.
Why isnt it call Jarring? 
Great work! But, my condolences to your feet.
None of those are cans
THESE ARE JARS!
How long does the apple sauce last? I thought about doing apple butter but wasn't sure how long it would last.
 Ready for a long winter?
So I had no idea that when someone canned something it was more than putting it in a can or jar.  Since I am a lazy fuck, does anyone want to explain what it is so I don't have to go for a google?

getting stocked up!
All ready for the nuclear attack happening tomorrow, I like your thinking. 
Do you use pressure cooker for canning?   I just started canning preserves/jam this summer (from all the figs from my back yard).  I've made pumpkin chili and thought that would be good to can.   
Will definitely go on my to do...but probably won't list. 
Beautiful!
One thing I used to love about canning with my family when I was a child was running my finger over all those sealed lids.  Just something so satisfying about it.  They look beautiful OP.
Should label one of the Chilli as "soup." That should really spice up that day.
I wish you were my wife/husband. I look and eat okay, but not this good. Damn!
Those aren't cans
Why would you bother? I would eat that in a day.
How many cans would you need to do an entire human body. Just saying. My neighbor's getting on my nerves and I don't have a pig farm.
When the chili was too hot (in temperature) my mom would add applesauce to it. I shit you not, it is delicious. One of those things people find weird until they try it, like grilled cheese and ketchup.
You need to use a pressure canner to securely can leafy foods.
I will take all of it please and thank you I have encapsulated my address in a small bottle and sent it on its way on the leg of a pigeon good day 
I don't understand. Is there any other purpose of this besides warming it up and eating?
Mmmmm yummy! 🍲🍲🍲🍲
That said, I love canning.
Is that worth more than $48?
\&gt;canned

\&gt;jars

OP please
Show off - just put a lid on it.
Jars?
But... those are jars.
This looks fantastic! My family cans everything from jam to pasta sauce. We can homemade salsa every year, unfortunately this year our tomatoes didn't do so well. Now this makes me want to have some chili lol.
store food... because you can

Apple sauce...pictures....recipie

I've cleared out basements full of your own pride with home-made goodness.
Haha, that's child's play my friend. Kill our own beef ~800 lbs. Kill our own hogs ~150 lbs. Sausage, ~50 lbs. Bacon, and 2 hams. 100 cans of Apple Butter and Apple Sauce. 25 cans of sphagetti sauce. 15 pints of salsa. We can corn, carrots, soup, jams, and jellys among other unnamed goodies. All of it raised on our family farm. 
prepping for zombies?
You didn't can anything, you jarred it fam
Ball : the official 'red cup' of the Apocalypse.
For the soup and chili, why not just freeze it? Does this preserve it better?
do you really need that pressure cooker thing? my grandma's used to can stuff the simple way just boiling the jars and turning them upside down and nobody complained for 60 years. Botulism is so rare there was 140 cases in the usa over whole 2014 year.
I am in awe of your Laura Ingalls Wilderness.

No offense bro, but that sounds like a horrible mixture. Why would you can all of that together? They are all perfectly good separately. 
/s
[deleted]
"but those are jars"

Best imgur comment 2015.
Your efficiency is jarring.
I don't really know anything about canning, but would it really take much time to can those? it seems just a matter of filling the jars and putting a lid on.
So you poured stuff into a jar? Interesting.
Whoa, that's a lot of work! Can I buy 1 jar of each to take to deer camp?? =)
...the hell is a quart
Prepping!!!




Zombies are coming
ok
Literally a photo of some jars.
Sir those are Jars 
OP, are you preparing for Fallout 4?
Arent those jars?
But... _will you eat it?_
do you refigerate it? how can all that maintain quality just by being sealed?
...and then forgot to label any of them...
And all I do is make beer,wine,cheese,yogurt and distilling brandy.
Hmmm world's first glass screw on can. Why is this on frontpage.
Why 
Why?
Those are jars.
hope you labeled em cus it allll loooks the sameeeee
Awesome, clear cans!!
Fallout?
quart? pint? what do these mean??
Nice! Do you deliver? A lady used to do this in our neighborhood years ago and started a soup delivery service.
So...
Those are jars, not cans.
A quart? How many gills is that?
Why would you can chili? You can make it out of canned items.
It would sit in my pantry for 10 years while I go out and eat Subway/Chipotle/ Tacobell everyday.
Never seen cans made of glass before. Interesting.
Canning is a wonderful way to save about $1,000 every year. However, I disagree with the word "canning". It should have 4 syllables. I would call it food "conservation". This is a fundamental concept that all should know. Many people dislike the aesthetic off the word "canning".
And your giving it all away to the needy, good person
Why?
They all look bottled to me. 
Those are jars dawg
quarts and pints ? dear lord odin you people really need the metric system :D
But those are jars...
Aaaaand just enough botulism. 
Somebody needs a job
&gt;canned 


&gt;in jars
If any of you guys say that doesn't look like canned vomit, your lying to me. 
So did you can them or jar them?
So did you can them or jar them?
you mean jarred.
The chicken
I've never had it. Do you think I should try it? I don't know where to find it.
Would you believe me if I said I've never had chicken and waffles? It's true. Of course I've had chicken and I've had waffles, but never together. 

*Edit* Made a correction
The house at the corner of my neighborhood is the American Dream. He had a fence put up and made his backyard a picnic area, and started selling snow cones. A few weeks later he started selling ice cream. Then he closed for a minute (keep in mind this is run out of his backyard, he installed a sliding window in his kitchen).

He reopened a few weeks later with a handicapped parking spot painted in his driveway, knocked down some walls and changed the layout to have a restroom accessible from outside, but cut off from the rest of his house. Sells chicken and waffles, and probably anything else you can think of too.
Vegetarians
Me. I think it's a terrible/weird combo.

To each their own though...
Me. You asked who doesn't love it and I really, really don't. Just a weird combination for me.
Canadian here. This is a weird combination that could only be made more appealing by adding maple syrup.
In what country is this a thing? 
Serious question from a German guy.  
Why do people eat waffles with chicken?  
Our waffles are desserts, they taste sweet and often there is vanilla in them. We eat them with vanilla ice cream and/or whipped cream.  
Do American waffles taste different? Otherwise this is the most confusing dish 
I have never, ever eaten friend chicken with waffles. How does this even work? I can understand chicken on waffles, but fried chicken separate from a waffle is basically just waffles with a side of fried chicken.
I don't. To me, those things do NOT go together whatsoever. 
Chicken and waffles is not just chicken on the same plate as waffles.  Fucking Yankees.
Looks great but I'd smack the pretentious parsley pusher. 
Forgive me, but that doesn't look appetising at all, for the simple reason that I cannot imagine eating those two things together :/

Is this really a common combination? 
How are you supposed to eat it? Like, just put both things in your mouth at once? Or do you use syrup on the waffle first? I can't imagine chicken tasting good with maple syrup. 
So glad I have easy access to Roscoe's.  Such a great combo!
Why are they separate?
Chickens and anthropomorphic waffles.
It seems like that would be better if the chicken was boneless.
I don't get this food.  Chicken and waffles don't mix.  They're just two good things you happen to be eating together.  There's no synergy.
I love it.
I think it's highly overrated.
Pretty much every country in the world, given that it's only a thing in North America. 
I always thought the Chicken and waffles thing sounded like the least appetizing and weirdest combination of food. Who would come up with something so absurd? Then I tried it.

Yeah it was gross. They don't go together at all. Turns out I was right all along and you shouldn't try every horrible combo you hear about 
I'm from NJ and never had it until I went down to NC for business. I've been missing out! I haven't had it since, I just don't know where to get it around here that would be as good...
Well vegans for one, and the chickens, I'm assuming  
I tried that recently - twice.

Both times - I was left *completely* unimpressed.  Not to say it's not good, but it just didn't seem worth the hype.

It wasn't eye opening or amazing - but rather just felt like exactly what it is... chicken and waffles.  I don't know what I was expecting, but I was seriously let down.

Never seen this before, is this an american thing?
I ummm don't like chicken and waffles. I've had it, I thought the texture and flavor of waffles paired terribly with chicken. 
way too many haters in this thread. just try it you fools.
The picture looks delicious, but the part of my brain that refuses to put maple syrup on meat won't let me "love" this combination. I don't even put savory breakfast foods and sweet breakfast foods on the same plate. Someone should come up with a recipe that somehow ties the two items together without the eater being entirely aware of what's happening. 
Is this like potato savoury waffle or sweet waffle? 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ep4rh2aj4VY
Being British this combination seems so strange to me .
UK here: when you say waffles, are you talking about the waffles made of potatoe? They're the only ones I've seen. 
I've never had it. I think I need to put it on my list of foods to try. 
Ella's in Seminole Heights!
I've never seen a meal get gentrified before
Me!  http://imgur.com/joHkI21
My ex girlfriend. You can guess why the ex.
Oh look served so you can do it yourself, how thoughtful.  I hate when I get chicken and waffles where the chef has decided i want a gallon of sauce.
Omg! I haven't had Ella's since 2013! Soul Food Sunday is the best at Ella's!
Unfortunately I have to say that I've never tried chicken and waffles. I really need to. 
Damnit OP, I thought I wasn't gonna have to make chicken and waffles today. Guess who was wrong as fuck? Me. I really didn't want to do this *gets out waffle maker*, you're really pushing me here *gets out deep fryer", *gets out a case of beer* fuck I've already started. 
More like chicken and WAFFLE. Those portions are unamerican. 
Thats Chicken, and waffles.

I like Chicken n' Waffles.
I don't.  
I've never had this combo(frowned upon in England), although visiting Florida next year so greatly looking forward to it!
ugh i just hate it when americans put syrup on non dessert food stuff. Why? i have seen you guys put syrup on crazy things like bacon, egg, chicken, pork loin :S :S :S

Also mixing chicken with a desert like waffel, super crazy and not tasty :(
me
I have never heard if this combination. Is that waffles as in sweet waffles? Batter and sugar waffles? And chicken?! Love the USA but the thing with sweet and savoury food perplexes me. Syrup on bacon? Chocolate chip pancake with sausage?! 
The thought of syrup on my chicken makes me nauseous.
Me
In Sydney the chicken is gelato and the waffles are waffles.
Nasty and should never be put together.
White people?
Normal People. 
I love chicken. I love waffles. But chicken and waffles? What the actual fuck? That's like cookies and steak. Or ice cream and sushi.
Either you aren't in America, or you ordered from the children's menu.
The best excuse to put syrup on your chicken. 
I have never once had chicken and waffles. I am 32 years old. I need to step up my food game. 
I like chicken and blue waffle.
This is my new desktop background at work. On both screens.
I love chicken and waffles but not that version. I'm in PA Dutch country and nothing beats this for me.

http://just2sisters.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/chicken-Waffles.jpg
This is not 'chicken and waffles' the way it's served where I'm from in rural PA. 

People here serve it with the chicken in a shitloada gravy on top of the waffles so everything is mushy. Everyone goes mental over it and swears it's the best thing since sliced bread (which they also like to put chicken gravy on). I personally think it's disgusting. 

Edit: Spelling
Me.
I love fried chicken but waffles are only ok.
Waffles? Don't you mean carrots lololololololololololol
I never understood the hype behind chicken and waffles.
Don't forget to get a bloody mary with it. Ella's is awesome!
Neil Degrasse Tyson. He openly admitted this during a Star Talk Live show that was taking place in the Apollo Theater. The collective gasp from the crowd was hilarious. Corry Booker took him to task about it on stage for a good minute.

Link to the first half of [the live recording](http://www.startalkradio.net/show/startalk-live-at-the-apollo/) if anyone is interested
Dirty communists 
couple years ago, my wife made me some because we both thought it was intriguing.  what a tasty combo that was.  
Don't think we have any good C&amp;W place here in MN.

Ella's for the win! I can't leave there without feeling miserable about my ~~life~~ dietary decisions. 
Doctors hate them.
I can't believe I've never had this. I always thought the "waffles" were waffle fries... I feel dumb. And hungry. Does anyone know where I can get this in the Minneapolis area?
My neighbor Sheila. ...she doesn't really care for that dish.
Over here. I don't think they belong on the same table. Individually sure. 

My stomach
I've had Roscoe's and Lo-Lo's I don't understand it.  I'm not much of a waffle fan though.  I will say Lo-Lo's red velvet cake is delicious lol.
Apparently, my best friend doesn't. Or, should i say, Ex-"best-friend".
That just looks like chicken, and then a waffle.

Why not put the chicken ON the waffle, with syrup and all, the way god intended.
Jesus Christ, people in his thread are really overthinking this.  

"How do you eat chicken and waffles?"  

"Do you put syrup on chicken and waffles?"  

"Is this chicken and waffles, or just a waffle with a side of chicken?"  

"Is this chicken and waffles, or just chicken with a waffle on the side?"  

It's chicken and waffles.
I'm Canadian and have never eaten such a monstrosity.. of love.
Eggos and McNuggets is where it's at!
I was told white people can't like this but they lied.
Me, the combo is pointless.  The flavors don't complement each other at all.  In the end all you have is sticky chicken.
I would still be hungry :(
How does one properly eat this? Eat the cheekin first, or both waffles and chicken together? I never figured it out. Do i put some maple syrup on my chicken, it feels like I should.
Looks great, we don't have this in my country, might have to try it with KFC and some waffles.
Every time I've had it chicken overcooked. Wish somebody would make it with real fried chicken not boneless breast 
Love a good chicken and waffles setup. Anyone ever have it Breakfast Klub in Houston?
To be honest, I've never had the combination because I never understood it. 

Why would you mix those two?
At least one of my friends. 
Never had this before but I see the combo everywhere, especially when I took a trip down south. Is there a particular way to eat it? Like you make a sandwich out of it or something? When I think waffle I instantly think breakfast, and chicken lunch/dinner. Halp pls
There is always a line out of the door at Roscoe's here in Pasadena, CA. As a Brit I find this combination absurd, guess I'll have to try it now.
[Hash House A Go Go Chicken &amp; Waffles tho...](http://s3.amazonaws.com/foodspotting-ec2/reviews/2279179/thumb_600.jpg)
As a Canadian who has never been to the South, I'm completely confused by the absence of syrup for the waffles. I thought waffles could only be eaten with syrup. Where is the syrup?
I had a chicken McGriddle yesterday.
Had a Chicken Waffle. Not having it again. I didn't feel the chicken in it. 
Never had it. Do you let some of the syrup get on the chicken and some of the chicken on the waffles or do you just alternate bites of each thing, separately? I ask because I'm having a hard time imaging syrup on chicken.
That's wascist
You know, I always see these on here, but for me chicken and waffles was always shredded chicken simmered in gravy and then poured onto waffles. Maybe it's a regional thing, but it makes more sense to eat it the way I'm accustomed to it. 

Hell, you can even go crazy and put corn in the waffle batter and it's insanely good. 
Where is the rest!?
I would really love to try it out, but it's expensive where I live. One standard meal costs £10 (~$15).
Kel...  he loves orange soda.
This Canadian prefers his chickens unborn and his waffles to be crepes and his syrup to be maple. Chicken and waffles is too damn salty. 
Here in Scotland waffles are made of potatoes. And in general having something that is a dessert or sweet (your waffles) combined with real main course kinda food (chicken) is pretty weird.

I prefer savoury all the way anyway. I'd rather eat 2 mains than a main and a dessert.
Did you get those from JJ's? The best waffles in the world apparently!
Breaded roast chicken and birdeye potato waffles.
Where is this Ella's?
I don't love it.  They're okay.
The chicken goes on the waffles, not in a dish.  #horrified
First time I had Chicken and Waffles I got horrendous food poisoning and put me off it indefinitely:/
As long as it's not overpriced. Roscoe's does a fine job but damn the price it charges for a waffle and fried chicken combo is fucking ridiculous.  
As a Canadian, chicken and waffles blows my mind. I never would have thought of this if not for Reddit.
As someone who dislikes sweets, I'll just take the chicken with some hot sauce.
The next time you are in Vegas, go to Hash House A Go Go and order the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles.  Derr Lerd.    
http://i.imgur.com/CcWSRkC.jpg
Grew up in Pasadena near a Roscoe's chicken and waffle.  I always thought chicken and waffle meant they served waffles for breakfast and chicken for lunch and dinner.  It took me a solid 25 years before I learned they were served together in the same meal.
Loads of southern style restaurants and bistros are getting in on this craze. Pretty sure you can find good combos all across the country now.
This is not chicken and waffles. At least to me, and everyone else I know. Chicken and waffles doesn't come with syrup. It's gravy baby! Also corn, and mashed taters.
Chicken and Carrots sounds terrible.
Chickens everywhere,  but they do love 'em some waffles. 
I really need to learn how to fry chicken.  I love chicken and waffles and no restaurants near me do it justice.
I love both those things, but I don't like them together. I have been forsaken...
Like how does eating this dish work? Do you dunk the chicken in syrup also? Explain!!! Please...
I'll just take the chicken.
I really want to try chicken &amp; waffles but I've been hesitant to try them just anywhere. I just drove by [Roscoe’s House of Chicken &amp; Waffles](http://www.roscoeschickenandwaffles.com/) in LA last week. Looks good and Yelp reviews are great. 
I never had chicken and waffles, how is it?
I wish there were more chicken and waffles near me.
I only see one waffle.

That's Chickens and Waffle.
Bliss point !
The chicken and waffles at the 24 Diner here in Austin are amazing
Me, because I've never had it. I feel like I'm missing out
Never tried it.
I never had that meal together before. Looks delicious! 
I've always wanted to try but can never justify it, is it worth it???
[deleted]
[Yo friends check this out](https://youtu.be/o9dBiw7xfVU)
Am I supposed to eat them together or one after the other? I've always heard this talked about like it was amazing but personally it never appealed to me. I like everything on my plate to be able to mix together if it comes to that.
Oh boy, pour some hot sauce on the chicken and then douse it all in syrup. You'll reach nirvana
I don't get it. I'm from the North but went to school in the South. I got it for dinner one time at school and the chicken was good, but the waffle felt so unnecessary 
It doesn't really feel like a well composed dish to me. A piece of chicken thrown onto a waffle seems like somebody was trippin', yo
So many posts here are upvoted randomly.  This is an average plate of chicken and waffles.

that's it.
Northerners
Never had it. I'd give it a try if I find somewhere around that has it.
who plates them separately like this?
Aww, looks like there are bones in the chicken. Makes it way harder to eat.

Never had it, but that looks delightful.
You forgot the bacon 
I don't. 

Maybe I just haven't had it made correctly yet. Still don't understand how it goes together. 
mmmm nothing better than chicken and waffles !
I have never tried chicken and waffles.
I don't :(
I feel like chicken and waffle is the poutine that never went viral.
This is why KFC should start selling waffles.
PLEASE TAKE MY MONEY you yet-to-be-named person/restaurant ...
R O S C O E S 
Firekeepers casino. I ordered the chicken and waffles, when my food artived it was chicken strips and waffle fries. They thought i was crazy for thinking it would be chicken and waffles.
vegetarians...
is that syrup or gravy?
I never understood why we had to get waffles involved in this. 
vegetarians that's who
Me =/ chicken ruins perfectly good waffles! how am I supposed to put powdered sugar, whipped cream a little dark chocolate drizzle and fresh strawberries on CHICKEN bleh.
Why have you got a dip with chicken on a bone?
I don't.  I'm not a big fried chicken fan to begin with, on the other hand, waffles/pancakes/French toast are my absolute favorites.  So no, I don't like them together like this.
Eh. I don't like chicken on the bone, but I'm weird like that.

I do love boneless chicken and waffles. XD
Well, for one, I am really not that into it. 
Someone who's never had it
I don't love chicken and waffles.
i always wondered how do you eat this? do you eat the waffle first then chicken? or chicken first and eat the waffle as desert?
Yeah, I don't love it, don't hate it either.  Im more of pork and frenchtoast kinda guy. 
Yeah, I don't really get it.  Fried chicken is an art form, very few places do it right.  Waffles is the same story, they have to be done just right and be hot enough to immediately melt the butter.

The chances that one or both will be wrong is very, very high.  
I like chicken . . . and I like waffles . . . but not chicken and waffles. Maybe if it were a McChicken sandwhich on a Waffle bun!
Your vegan mom
I don't like waffles or pancakes, crazy I know. 
The best chicken and waffles I've ever had in my life can be found at Taste of Belgium in Ohio: https://www.authenticwaffle.com/. I don't live there anymore, but I seriously have dreams about it. If you're ever in the area, do yourself a favor and order it. They use their signature Liege waffle (which is dope all on its own), which is an unreal companion to the thin, crispy chicken breast and perfectly sized blue cheese salad.
I prefer fish and pancakes.
Is this available outside of the USA?
DEEZ NUTZ
Dumb question do you eat the waffle, like a cracker, a cookie, or do you dip it in anything? I don't know how those to items go together.
Brit here - chicken and waffles sounds very odd
Sure, but did you get a bloody mary with the most delicious rib ever?
Communists, probably. 
Vegans
your mom 
i'll take the chicken 
Beautiful kitchen, I'm jealous! Also, good work on the food.

I'm a chef who does about 20 people every year as well and I was so impressed with your step by step process. You knocked it out of the park. And the Asian influence makes me want to befriend you so i can get an invite some day. Keep up the good work, OP!!
Classic Chung, fucking around as per usual 
Your kitchen fucks.

I had 2 thanksgiving meals and had dry turkey, dry potatoes and weird tasting gravy. :( can I come to your house next year? Do you cater?
Would it have killed you to have 21 adults? My family wouldnt have missed me...
[This was mine.](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/49/Tk_pizza.jpg)

checkmate
One of the coolest things that had come from thanksgiving with friends has been getting to see different family's traditions. I'm in England this year and am cooking for flat mates tomorrow and am excited to see what they bring (everyone is from different countries and were asked to bring whatever they want).
Stuff like this makes me wish I had a family.
Beautiful family and team prep! Thanks for sharing. I love the Asian-Caucasian Thanksgiving hybrid of foods. I grew up with the traditional brined turkey (though my Chinese mom steamed it on a bamboo basket in a giant wok), stuffing, mashed potatoes, green bean casserole... And then shrimp and walnuts in mayo, roast Peking duck, Chinese broccoli and other Chinese veggies, giant pot of white rice, ginger oil chicken, a whole fish in there somewhere. The dessert table always had a red bean something next to the pumpkin pie. It was great to look through your beautiful album and remember all those great foods! Great kitchens, too. 
thanks op for the mug shot.

http://i.imgur.com/14qyhd0.png
I loved this! My mom is half Japanese so every year we get more and more unconventional with the food. My poor step dad doesn't know what to do. I love my grandmothers rice stuffing. It's heavenly! 
i would not want dish duty that night . Looks amazing though, great work !
You have the kitchen I dream of, and put on a hell of a spread. 

I also do Alton Brown's recipe, but with a slight twist: one year when I was renting I didn't have good enough ventilation for an oiled bird in a 500 degree oven (smoked the house out *bad*) so ever since I've taken to browning it on a grill. I put a ton of charcoal on and then add about a half dozen good chunks of apple or hickory to it and then close the lid until the heat's up and it's billowing smoke. Put the bird on for 30 minutes and it will brown it to absolute perfection and add a really nice smokey flavor to it. 

I've been doing it for about 4 years now this way, and everyone says its the best bird they've ever had.

edit: For those interested in trying it, put the bird in the pan your going to cook it in and lay a sheet of aluminum foil underneath it so that it doesn't get charred up from the grill, and then just take it off when it goes into the oven.
Can I join your family? Seriously? I am a Canadian/Italian man who loves to cook as well. I believe I can contribute to your holiday family feasts in a new and interesting way! Imagine a spaghetti all carbonara course to go after the butternut squash soup! Maybe some fresh baked loaves of bread served while they're still warm with roasted heads of garlic to spread on after the loaves are sliced... I can send pictures of myself. I'm willing to relocate to where you live. Have a profession that allows me to travel. Just give me someone in your family to marry!!! I'm straight but can be flexible on that based on the display you've just presented. Added bonus, I'm on a border city and even though I'm Canadian I've been celebrating American Thanksgiving my whole life (going to Lions games in the D). Please consider!!!
Well, I had a McDonald's Double Quarter Pounder ^with ^cheese.  It was pretty good.
Came to see a single potato and read a sad story, was disappointed. 
You're adopting, right? Right?!? There's four of us, but the twins are cute AND helpful!!
Recipes are linked for the dishes where I used them.  I am still editing a bit, but it's basically done.
Thanksgiving level: Asian.
So much wonderful looking food!!!  Thank you for posting recipes!  How did you keep it all warm until serving time?  Looks like a lot of food, cooked at different times...
Great job! Would be pretty damn excited to be coming to a thanksgiving you cook. Also, if you wrote a cooking blog, I would read it so hard.
I loved watching your meal come together with the aid of family - what beautiful pics!  We always have a similar rice dish for Thanksgiving or Christmas and it's amazing - hope others give it a try after seeing how yummy it looks.  Thanks for sharing!
Amazing Job, I too have an Asian and American family and I am going to try to incorporate some of these dishes next year do you have a recipe for the black bean sauce clams
big wong restaurant
This looks great.  But a chinois is not a China cap, China caps have huge holes, mostly used to strain blanched veggies or filter your deep frier with a filter.  A chinois is a very expensive fine mesh sieve
Wow, as an Australian, I've never actually seen how much work goes into your Thanksgiving dinners. That food looks amazing. Thanks for sharing 
How many kids chuckled at the shape of the squash?  Or am I just the only childish one here? 
That was a shitton of work. Thanks for taking the time to snap and post, OP - that little journey was a real treat. The rum was a perfect break. 
Great album, thanks for sharing! What veggies did you do with the shrimp? I'm definitely doing that wild rice dish at Xmas this year and I think I'd like to also do those shrimp. Great job!
Holy cow, American thanksgiving dishes plus Chinese dishes? That all looks so good. I would kill for that kind of Thanksgiving setup. Although with that much food, I'd probably be really full even if I only took 1 bite from every dish. Nicely done. Also, stealing the idea of lap cheong in roasted brussels sprouts. That sounds GREAT. 
Everything looks so delicious!! Great work; Hope you and your family had a wonderful thanksgiving!
Thumbnail on my phone looked like one tiny Chinese take-out box. Hahaha.
So much great food. I've never seen so much in my life, wow.
That soup and all of those meats looked amazing!!! Great job and beautiful kitchen. 
That's one of the most amazing Thanksgiving spreads I've seen. I applaud you sir(or madam)
Of all the things to notice, of course I noticed the phallic looking squash.
Beautiful kitchen and even better family. We do the same thing. A Korean and traditional American thanksgiving with food from both sides. Turkey and kimchee tastes really good.
I love the Asian fusion Thanksgiving you guys have created. 
Asian families are the best for holidays. Traditional food + delicious Asian dishes 
There is no such thing as "too much" garlic.
TL;DR - OP cooks thanksgiving dinner, brags about kitchen. Both look delicious.
I've only ever had a family of four, maximum five, and my mother was a hard working single mom for many years. She cooks like a goddess and I've never once complained about our table at Thanksgiving (thanks, Mom, you are amazing). The food was delicious and plentiful every Thanksgiving, even though we were quite actually and literally poor. I have to say, your family and your dinner was the first *ever* to make me feel a little wistfulness in my heart. 
I'll have to say, as great as all that food looks, the best part is your son's jacket.

And I feel the need to correct you on something:

There's no such thing as too much garlic.

Also your relative's kichen is as big as that of the café at our home economy school. Nice.
Looks like you guys had a blast making all that food, what a great tradition. I just cooked for Thanksgiving for the first time this year and had a great time - but seeing your preparation was eye opening to what is really possible with the right tools, ingredients, and practice. Thanks for sharing!
Bookmarked for next year. Everything looked amazing!
Thank you for taking the time to post all these photos and captions. It was a great read!
Can I get invited to Thanksgiving next year? That all looks amazing!
great work and the photos are appreciated. where did you get the bird?
wow, you guys go all out.

Not one bad looking dish.  
What is the rough cost for this whole meal?
Please tell me you can just take pictures of your oven and send them or post them. I'm searching for the perfect stove to cook for parties and have more than 2 pans at a time on. I want one of those extra wide ones, please tell me about your fabulous kitchen!
I'm probably too old to marry into that family. Please adopt me.
Looks amazing.
WOW! that was an incredible experience I just had. I feel like I was there! My mouth is watering as if I were sitting at that table myself. Amazing work you did not only with the cooking but the photographs as well. the part that blew my mind the most was when I saw that the oven had a built in temperature gauge built in. Mind=blown. Thank you so much for this post. 
Nice kitchen.
Thank you for sharing. Interesting to see what other families eat to celebrate Thanksgiving. Yours looks simply aaaaamazing! I want that rice dish sooo bad right now! It all looks delicious! 
Happy Holidays to you &amp; yours! 
This is the best looking Thanksgiving meal I have ever seen!
Brilliant job and organization! So interesting to see!!!
This was the most amazing food porn I've seen! I don't eat some of the dishes, but the love and care you took shines through. May I ask what the brine is for? 
Oh man, I really want your stove, in fact just your entire kitchen.
I thoroughly enjoyed that.  Thanks for posting. 
Good heavens, man, how do I get an invite to this?  I'll marry anyone, I don't care, man or woman, doesn't matter. Finest food porn I've ever seen.
Love the stovetop. Looks like a great recipe for the soup that I will look to emulate in the future :)
This was a real treat, thanks for sharing.  
Wow that looks amazing, nice job on documenting all of it. You put ice in your rum though?
This is exactly what I did not only with the cooking but the love and care you took shines through.
Well, I was feeling good about my meal this year, but after seeing this...
Are those storage containers from HEB?
Man you have a diverse family. 
Wow that's impressive I'm jealous
I am super jealous of the faucet over the stove.
wow, you guys go all out.

Not one bad looking dish.  
Beautifully done! Thank you for sharing. I used Ree's brining method this year and I'm never going back. 
Holy fuck OP. Good job. 
Thank you for the tip about that strainer! I've been using a little one shaped like a flat spoon and am just now realizing how stupid it's been trying to use that to strain a gallon or stock. 
Unbelievable talent you have there. I wish o was as good in the kitchen as I am in the garage. Great job! Beautiful family 
my dad's a chef at the restaurant you guys got the duck and pork from :). it seems like everyone's favorite place. he's been there almost 20 years and I haven't had food there once. 
Beautiful home/kitchen/family/meal. 


Not big on food, pass the rum hold the ice.
Make room for 1 more adult next year!
Thank you for taking the time to document your Thanksgiving and to post to Reddit. I learned a lot.
Genuinely enjoyed that gallery. Great looking food.
I know reddit seems to get irritated from all he holiday relevant posts sometimes, but I want to thank you. I don't get to celebrate thanksgiving with family (I usually eat mcdonalds or this year I just went and got a rotisserie chicken from the grocery store) and so I don't really get to feel the holidays except from posts like yours. Your skills are so impressive and I love how you made it your own. Your sons little chef outfit is the bees knees, too. So cute. You must post recipes. 
Epic. Thanks for this.
So hungry now!!!
I couldn't turn away!  Each photo made me want to see more.  I'm definitely going to try a few of these dishes....thanks.

A bit too well from my high school years . . . . . . . Thumbnail on my phone looked like one tiny Chinese take-out box.
All these people with all these fancy countertops and stuff.  I don't think I'm rich enough to even be allowed to look at these pictures!
Where are you from OP?  That spread looks like a typical Southern Thanksgiving!!  Everything looks delicious, would love to try the clams!!
Thank you. That looked like a wonderful feast made even more special by the participation of friends and family. I am definitely making that wild rice dish!
that rice dish looks amazing
Everything about this looks phenomenal.  I'll be trying everything you outlined here at some point.  Saved!  Thanks for the step-by-step! :)
Looks so good. What time is dinner?
Anyone sharing that clam dish recipe?  That looked amazing!  (as did everything else, thanks for the walk through!)
By far one of my favorite posts in this sub, thank you for sharing these recipes and your holiday with all of us, great food and great family! 
This beautiful and amazing spread makes me cry at how minuscule my thanksgiving meal was in comparison 

T-T

Though, I do hope my own family would be able to create a spread similar to this, and have a similar experience as well.

Thanks for sharing!
Looks good to me. Great now im hungry
Are you and your family for hire? You could make a fortune catering.
That was awesome! Thanks for sharing!
Damn im jealous. 
Enough to feed a whole village :o Looks like you had a bit of everything! I love how you took the pictures too, it gave a very home-y feel :)
Well done, but damn you spent a lot of time taking pictures!
I want to join your family.
Wow, great work chef!
I kept waiting for something awful to happen and that the final picture would be pizza. Lol I considered myself a good cook, not so much, the food looks beautiful! 
Tinfoil over turkey in case the oven blows up. Nice move op.
As a 30 year old man with no family (I ate McDonald's for thanksgiving) I'm so jealous and hungry right now I'm almost breaking down. That looks amazing in ways I can't even comprehend.
looks like a lovely group of people, to say nothing of the amazing food.  thanks for sharing this.  
I couldn't help but notice the little smile on the oranges.
It's a reference to the show Silicon Valley - but seeing your preparation was eye opening to what is really possible with the cooking but the love and care you took shines through.
I want that wild rice side dish. We'll have to have mini thanksgiving in a few weeks.
At some point through this, I had started chewing on my shirt without realizing it. You guys know how to eat. Could you please teach Thanksgiving to my country?
I love this hosting website
Will you adopt me? For just pennies each day, I could come over on Thanksgiving and leech off of your hard work. 
Nice place.
It was amazing ! I had to laugh at the bowl of white rice comment. I feel that way about rice. Everything needs rice. 
It looks like you have a wonderful family full of love. Thank you for sharing your holiday with us. 
As someone with Filipino family members, I feel you on the steamed rice.

"I'll make the rice!"

"But we're having macaroni and cheese..."

"... and rice."

We have had multiple family gatherings where more than one person brought rice. I have really learned to enjoy fried rice for breakfast.
Whoever you are, wherever you are, may you one day rule the world and me be lucky enough to live in it! 
Upvote for good food, details, photography and omitting the asinine reddit pic descriptions - "put the motherfucking turkey in the goddam oven", "I'm drunk!", etc. Thank you. 
I swear I was smelling turkey and stuffing while scrolling through that.
WOW. Beautiful food, beautiful family, beautiful house. Loads to be thankful for here.
Great job and presentation. 
The album was phenomenal. Can you adopt me?
Wow! And I thought I had it together last year for our big dinner. I'm jealous and now I want thanksgiving dinner all over again. 
"This, this is why the terrorists hate us!!"
- Adam Carolla
Chung is so cool. I wish he was my friend.
Great bunch of pictures. Nicely done! 
And where is my invite for next year?
OP called giblet bag a "goblet" bag. All is forgiven, though!
That looks incredible, I wouldn't be able to decide what to eat first. Your in-laws have the best kitchen, so much space! 
Will you adopt me? Please?
Are you Jamaican by any chance? 
Very entertaining story, thanks for sharing!
Jamaican rum, nice! 
🍗 🔺 
TIL Butternut squashes look surprisingly like dicks when cut up, nature sure is beautiful. Seriously^though^save^some^for^me^^...please

Can I get an invite for 2 for next year?  Everything looks wonderful. 
So, um, I'm available for adoption?

Looks amazing, I hope it tasted as good as it looked :)
All of the food looked amazing, but I'm gonna be honest - I want in on that roasted duck most.
Holy Yum! Thats awesome dude!
Awesome! Wish I had skills like that in the kitchen!
Man, I put on a huge, beautiful meal this year, and now I feel like I was running a cheap diner in comparison.  That sprouts dish looks insane good.
Jesus fucking christ. 
Asians do food better than anyone.  
What kind of chef's knife do you have, if you don't mind my asking? Excellent job on everything, by the way - Looked amazing. I made a whole Thanksgiving meal for the first time this year, so I FINALLY understand what a task it is. I will definitely be using a brine next year, that's for sure - Sounds delicious.
All of those lovely thought out dishes but then all you did was mash a load of spuds with cream? Do you guys not do roasties??? Can you tell I'm British lol! Also those Brussels looked like the star of the side dishes what were they spiced and seasoned with?
American as fuck.
This year we did a dinner for 10 people and some last minute guests at the end. I have to say, that was quite a task. Major kudos for pulling this off. 

I tried the "Good Eats method" for cooking the turkey this year. I was not disappointed. :) 
Man, thanks for sharing. I really enjoyed all of that. 
The album was phenomenal. Can you adopt me?
You win at thanksgiving.  Have a turkey.
I had the feeling you were of Caribbean descent to do it like this.  Then yeh see deh rum der
I want your sink!  You are more organized that I will ever be, but maybe one day I'll be halfway there.  :)  Good job!
This looks so delicious and I really love how meticulous you and your family are about food prep. Awesome work, and thank you for sharing. I'm going to try cooking a turkey for Christmas using yours (and Alton's) methods.
FEEEEEEEEEEEEDDD MEEEEEEE!!!!

Edit : I think I'm gonna pass out from hunger.
:D looks like the typical holiday asian-american dinner. Even with all the food gotta make sure there's white rice and some bbq'd meats!

It looked delicious!
Really nice job, and great variety! You look like a happy lot, all working together for a delicious meal - happy thanksgiving :) 
Ahh a big wong bag.  I hope you had some good char siew and siew yoke.
Love me some big wong!!!
Never thought you could make a water tap look hipster.
I need this in my life
Goffle farm!  I love that place.  Never had the turkey but when I went to get my dogs food there this week it was a mad house.  Very nice
Every single dish looked amazing! Thanks for sharing with us and Happy Thanksgiving!
who's the poor bastard that has to do the dishes?
Oh, that looks so, so delicious. Wish the photos came with little samples!
That Big Wong though. Love it!
I live in nyc. Can I come through next year? I see that Chinatown bag 
Welp, thanks for next years menu! amazing!
Excellent brother, and props on the Wray &amp; Nephew, I am Jamaican and it's one of my favorite treats.
Great post! We would love to see you over at /r/drunkencookery
I hope one day in my life I have a thanksgiving as good as that. This year I ended up crying from all the stress and ended up staying in my room. My family just microwave steams vegetables and cooks a very dry turkey. Thanks for sharing.
man, that looks like the best thanksgiving dinner i've ever seen. Congrats. 
Upvote for the Vina AB Amontillado!  I also drank Amontillado over Thanksgiving (as should everyone!).
I wish I was at your thanksgiving dinner! SO GOOD. &lt;3

PS - Aman? My real name is Aman as well. What language is your friend's? My name means peace.

/u/RhoOfFeh please respond.
the amount of food in this post is too damn high!
I thought you were making Pho at first :)
Nice stuff; however, I was caught by surprise when this went from a Thanksgiving dinner to a Chinese New Year's celebration. 
I am speechless. My family goes pretty insane every year but this has to be the most amazing spread I've ever seen. I didn't see anything I wouldn't devour in a second!
Great stuff.
Villeroy &amp; Boch - Petite Fleur. I love these plates.
Is Hunter single?
Is that a wegmans bag I see?
Amazing job dude. This must've been exhausting! How long have you been cooking and what's your #1 tip for getting better? I want to impress the pants off my gf's family.
[dont use too many onions in the sauce](http://4.darkroom.shortlist.com/980/44be2f478a8a32c86ce50cc6bf15986d:a56f05cf4ed3bb369e45d125b31011d6/goodfellas-hero-2.jpg)
[deleted]
At the "Hunter's empty plate" picture, I did a double take... My parents have that same china pattern! 
I want your kitchen!!! oh my goodness. That tap over the stove &lt;3
The food looks incredible too. I am now incredibly hungry...
I fucking love brussel sprouts.....
looks amazing, got a link on the butternut squash/apple soup recipe?
TIL I do Tgiving like a little bitch
I respect the bag from big Wong, it's one of my favorite restaurants in chinatown, and I eat there a lot!! Beautiful spread btw 
Man I'm hungry now. Time to get some bread and cheese.. *sigh*
Those clams look *awesome*.  I hosted this year for about two dozen people, but it was a very traditional "American" menu.  I wish I could do more seafood and shellfish, but there are a few people in my immediate family who are allergic, and my husband doesn't like them.  If you get the recipe though, PM me, and I'll make them sometime when I'm on my own for dinner.  :)  

Well done, thanks for sharing!  Also, beautiful kitchen(s)!

Looking at these, made me feel like I need to lie down and never get up again until the delivery service comes. Massive kudos to you man. I no longer cook in a professional kitchen but my god I can't even imagine how tiring this is. Massively well done and those look deliciousss..

Asians and white rice though ~ Every house here somehow needs to have white rice. I know the feels *brofist*
Your multiethnic family reminds me of my multiethnic family, and that makes me happy =D
This is so inspiring! I feel like my head would've exploded from the sheer scale of preparations.
http://www.tasteofhome.com/recipes/deluxe-pumpkin-cheesecake

This was the recipe that I used as a basis of this cheesecake. I ended up using a little bit more of the spices and butter, and instead of chopping the pecans, I just used a grinder to make the crust much finer of ginger snaps and pecans.
Looks like the top of a latte.
HOW DO YOU GET IT TO NOT CRACK???? I've been making pumpkin cheesecake every year for 10+ years and it always cracks and I die a little inside every time.
Perfectly. The word is perfectly. 
Nice! I make a bourbon pumpkin cheesecake every year for Thanksgiving. It's always well received. 
This is beautiful. I need to work on the presentation of the food I make because I also made Pumpkin Cheesecake for Thanksgiving and it didn't look half as good as this.
Does it remind anyone else of the top of a latte?
*ly
Put drops of the top of a latte.
You can actually see the turkey in the swirl!
I'm Australian and I've never understood how Americans can eat pumpkin as a sweet thing, so I am going to make this. 

Question though: we don't have canned pumpkin, and the pumpkins we have here have green skin and we don't have the big orange ones. Would a sweet pumpkin like butternut work?
*ly This is one of my family members made.
I made the same exact cheese cake! Sadly I didn't think to take a picture.  Twas good!
That looks wonderful!
Divine 
So beautiful 
I need to work on the presentation of the top of a wooden spoon to swirl together the 2 parts.
Made this a couple years, tastes amazing indeed.
Looks great, seriously
Good job op. I make a pumpkin cheesecake every year. This year I tried a Paula Dean recipe and it was excellent. I also doubled the spices...
Put drops of the food I make because I also doubled the spices...
How did you keep it from cracking? 
Does it remind anyone else of the top of a wooden spoon to swirl together the 2 parts.
This year I tried a Paula Dean recipe and it didn't look half as good as this.
Put drops of the food I make a pumpkin cheesecake every year.
Does it remind anyone else of the food I make because I also doubled the spices...
Just out of curiosity, do you live in New York? This looks eerily similar to the cheesecake one of my family members made.

Looks great!
Good for you, and I mean that. I have never not baked a cracked cheesecake.
goddamn that looks amazing
This is one of those times where I had a scratch n sniff computer screen.
http://imgur.com/OOCEMb6
That looks so good! 
*does the wave* That's a beaut! 
Cheese &amp; Pumpkin???  I think not!
you know, I really wanted to see cthulu's face on it. would have been much better than jesus in a tortilla or the virgin mary on toast.
very nice testy

This looks like the cheesecakes that are made in the restaurant I work at. Our pastry chef is good at what she does. This looks yummy
awesome, looks just like the one bought from stores, delicious.
For example Sweet Sweet potato donuts dipped in syrup; Savoury roasted sweet potato and butternut pumpkin together for the recipe?
Just out of the top of a latte.
"It came out perfect" How can you tell?
Hard to tell if it is perfect. Send me a piece and I will tell you.
Put it in a balsamic glaze.
From someone who is lactose intolerant, that is a very pretty cheesecake. 
Will not one of you post a pic of just a slice of it so we can see how it looks served?!
Is it weird that I don't even know what pumpkin tastes like?
Very nice, OP. My attempt was less than stellar.
That looks so good! 
PerfectLY. Better than your English.
Yummy!
What is the deal with americans and pumpkin. Isn't pumkin kind of sweet potato but not so sweet? Why would anyone make a sweet cake of a vegetable?
[caption](http://imgur.com/QJNJCzk.jpg) . Don't mean to high jack your thread but here's mine. I made it with a ginger snap crust!
Yo! We are recipe twins! I totally used this one for my thanksgiving too. Yours looks a lot more lovely though. Well done friend, well done.
goddamn that looks amazing
 One Halloween I decided to cook and eat some pumpkin, Americans seem to love it so i figured it would be nice. 
For a perfect cheesecake,  the edges should have been smooth.  It is close, kinda like factory refurbished. 
Beautiful! Love the swirls. 
Beautiful!
I may have to try this cheesecake! Thanks
Looks great, love me some cheesecake. I'll save the recipe and see if it's something I can serve up next year!
Looks like the top of a latte.
If people are interested here is the vegan version I made this Thanksgiving and its got the swirl with it too!  =)
http://minimalistbaker.com/vegan-pumpkin-swirl-cheesecake/
What are Ginger snap cookies?

Recipes in this thread.

(http://www.tasteofhome.com/recipes/deluxe-pumpkin-cheesecake)

(http://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/views/bourbon-pumpkin-cheesecake-108770)

(http://minimalistbaker.com/vegan-pumpkin-swirl-cheesecake/)

and the one I made (no pic)

(http://www.kingarthurflour.com/recipes/pumpkin-cheesecake-with-gingersnap-crust-recipe)




Good job
**perfectly
Recipe? 
Looks perfect!
*Smash it.*
This looks so good! I'm going to have to try it with my family this holiday season :)

*Edit: spelling
Hail Hydra!

Or House Targaryen. Reminiscent of both emblems. 

Explains a lot, actually.
 I hope that the world turns and that things get better. But what I hope most of all is that you understand what I mean when I tell you that even though I do not know you, and even though I may never meet you, laugh with you, cry with you, or kiss you. I love you. With all my heart, I love you. -Cheesecake
disgusting...
WHERE ALL MA GUJJIES AT?  
'ERRY GUJJIE IN THE HOUSE SAY "KEM CHO!"  

Edit: WAVE YOUR HANDS IN THE AIR IF THIS MAKES YOU WANT BHEL!
Spent two weeks in India earlier this year. The food was amazing. Dishes like these are so inexpensive and tummy pleasing it seems like a wasteful crime when dining out stateside. 

I couldn't get used to eating with my bare hands but I'd go back in a heartbeat to have that wonderful food again.
I am engaged go a Gujarati, can confirm best decision ever made when it comes to food
This looks so foreign to me, how do you eat this? Put a bit of everything unto the bread?
YES! The food of my people! OP, you're pretty great, but now this is all I want to eat :(
The diversity of my country never ceases to amaze me. I am a rather well travelled Indian, having lived in several states throughout my life and I can't even begin to name the dishes in that thali(except perhaps the palak paneer and the dhokla). India, truly is a continent masquerading as a country(except we are unified) 
I ate at a dank Himalayan restaurant in Jackson Heights, Queens, NYC when I was in the area last summer, and it looked quite similar to this - metal tray with a bunch of small metal bowls with a bunch of stuff like this. it was very very very good and i had never even been a fan of Indian food (i hadnt eaten much). any time I go to NYC im gonna try to make it out to Jackson Heights for some more Himalayan/Indian/Pakistani and whatever else is in that neighborhood
The line for Garba starts here. 

"Ambe maa no...
I just came back from 2 weeks in India and had tons of Gujarati food. My aunt came to find out that American food generally consists of maybe 2-3 things on a plate (meat and vegetables and maybe starch) and she gave me this bewildered look and said, "That's it?!" 
People should consider punjabi food too, fuckin great
Here is a dinner I attended with some co-workers in Gujurat trying a Thali (pictured meal by OP). I prefer Punjabi. Gujurat's cuisine is a bit on the sweet side.
http://imgur.com/rKw25pg
Totally relevant : Here's a video I made on Gujurati food, lentils, and Thali https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qqha7ZbcpFg
Oh my god... I lived in Gujarat for 4 years in the 80s and I really really really miss Gujarati Thali...
Anyone in NYC who wants to try food like this check out [Vatan](http://www.yelp.com/biz/vatan-indian-vegetarian-new-york-2). 
Great for those people who MUST try just a little bit of everything... you know who you are!
Fuck. Now I want to go home for thanksgiving and have my mom make me daar, bhat, sak. 
Dating a Gujarati. Food is good. But that make bakri instead of naan. :(
I stayed in Ahmedabad for 4 weeks at NID (student exchange from the UK), and one of the students we made friends with took us to this amazing place they said was just like "their grandmothers place".  I HAVE NEVER PREVIOUSLY, NOR SINCE, CONSUMED AS MUCH FOOD AS I DID DURING THAT MEAL. The food was delicious, one of the best meals of my life.  Our fantastic tour guide and mischief maker just kept telling the servers in Gujarati to keep refilling our Thali's, to our horror and delight. I felt like we barely made a dent and the amazing waiters were all smirking because they knew as they came over every 25 seconds and piled up our little bowls with fluffy breads and smooth, spicy daal that we were being very polite but we literally couldn't eat another bite. 

I'd have paid ten times more for that meal than we did; it was absurdly cheap but very memorable. 
Gujarati here....I greatly dislike most guju food. Punjabi food is the best
Oh god, reminds me of my high school days. I had a Gujarati friend, I use to always sleep over at his house. All of these dishes look similar to what I use to eat by his house for dinner. Man those were good days.
Indian is strong in this thread
Bhow phine 
Cool! My head chef is from Gujarat, but I've never gotten to see the traditional cuisine. He always just puts an Indian spin on French and Southern dishes
The dankest.
Yea, I'm gonna need like 3 of those silver platters for lunch. &lt;HEAVY BREATHING INTENSIFIES&gt;
So this is the stuff that Gandhi didn't eat, huh?
Desio we made the front page. 
I am an African with Gujarati friends so when I saw your cuisine, I  started looking for "kichri" I am very familiar with a lot of Gujarati foods because of my friends. 
Oh Man!! Now I am so hungry.. For all of you non-gujjus out there with gujju friends, go over to their house ask their ba/mum/sister/wife for the following food:
Sev Khaman
Patra
Khandvi
Dal Dhokli
Thepla
Khakra
Haandvo
Puran Poli
Undhiyu
Ras Poori
This ought to keep you going for a while! Man I miss my Ba!
This stuff really makes me miss home, nothing beats indian food 
I'll be the odd guy out. I hate Gujurati food! And before you say that I haven't tried all the types I'm actually Gujurati. I find the food to be too spicy and incredibly monotonous. All of it is vegetarian and it is mind boggling that people prefer eating this type of cuisine then the other Indian cuisines. Honestly I would rather eat bread and cheese 
Looking like so rich and yummy. Is there completely recipe of this meal please?
That looks so good nghhh
Great for those people who MUST try just a little bit of everything... you know who you are!
I like that most of the food is in little individual bowls but 3 of the seemingly most liquid items have been poured straight onto the tray at the back. Looks tasty though!
My mom used to make these kinds of meals on the daily when I was growing up in California. I am pretty sure it is the reason that I can never have just one dish at a meal, and try to make everyone at the table eat family style, even if the food isn't meant to be served that way.
Omg thank you! In fact the first time I had this was during Ramadan at a family friends house for Iftar. It's cool that there's so many variations. 
It looks quite similar to Ethiopian cuisine. And very delicious
Yum Gujarati thali . Puri,shak,farsan,sweets, papad, dal,  bhat .
Vatan in NYC has Gujarati thali 
I'm a gujju and I really hate gujju food... Maybe it has to do with growing up in the UK and the US 
A dinner of condiments. Welcome to my home.
there is no telling how good or bad that is, I'd totally pass on that
remember, this is the cuisine where they don't use onion, garlic, peanut or potatoes (anything grown underground, all the ingredients in this cuisine should be grown over the ground) ....and still cook super delicious food 
yum!
I never know what each dish is in the Thalis or how to make them, but I love eating them
Why two spoons?
Oh man- and I have to wait a month to get to my Mom's house yet. Blergh.
Is that bindi masala?


i love dahi chaat  yummmyyyyy
Man I had this new bangalore.  It's amazing. So many different strong flavors 
Looks like a meal I got at "Chutneys" restaurant in Hyderabad, India.
What a guj! 
Mmm papadums
gujawaaaaat?
bunch of Gujus here. 
I'm going to Gujarat in three weeks and this post just got me super excited.
Kemcho! 
Can I get that to go?
is this india? it looks exactly like meals i regularly ate in nepal
I feel bad for whoever is doing the dishes
Count me in.

Bread and spread? 
B..b..but...where's the [sambharo???](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/mkaNwSKxKSo/maxresdefault.jpg)
It's worth the riot
Yummy! Consider - indian food will conquer the world!
I didn't know so many Indians were on reddit.
Indian platters are my favorite 
You missed out on the naans. :(
Yuuuum! My best friend since I was 14 is Gujurati. Good good memories! How I long for pani puri...
Where do you even start?
This triggered me
Can someone identify each of the dishes on there? I love Indian food, but I've really only had Mughlai cuisine. Would love to branch out and try other regional variations as well.
That looks delicious.  Sadly I don't know anyone who can cook like this or anywhere I can eat like this. :(
My friend was Gujarati and a hard core vegetarian diet was it. 


Kem Chho ? 
Now wave your hands in the air.
Now do Garba with those hands in the air!
What caught my eye was the tortilla. Never had this dish which I can recall. But if it comes with the torts, I'm down
Most of the typical Indian food you see at restaurants is Punjabi food. 
This may be the first thread I've read that has so much response from Indians worldwide. Maybe it's the G-U-J-J-U factor 
That looks so good nghhh
so delicious it looks
If you go to an Indian Restaurant(particularly veg) as them if they have a 'Thali' . You get something like this. Give it a try.
why is it half eaten?
Looks good.
Great for those people who MUST try just a little bit of everything... you know who you are!
i think i upvoted nearly every comment… wassup gujus!
That's a thali, right?
NDA 🙏
Undhiyuuu &lt;3 Oh I miss home :(
This is beautiful!
BENCHODE!!!
Is this a Thali? 
All I can think about is all the little dishes that need to be washed.
I've been looking for a gujarati thali in boston for ages. lil help pls?
there is no telling how good or bad that is, I'd totally pass on that
Looks like it's from the place around the corner from my apartment. I always eat way too much there. Makes me very happy to live in San Francisco because we have such diversified food readily available to us!
sauces, dips and dressings. Where is the actual food ?
http://imgur.com/G7sxfHG
Pffff silly Americans and their utensils (source: am American Guju).  I was never a fan of the bright green palak paneer.  Always reminded me of something that also turned bright green once in a while.  Dark is the best, palak paneer has been my favorite food ever since the days of Popeye. 
Hah, proud to be a Gujarati! :-)
Jordar che bhai! :P

Btw, kem cho? May i know where is this thali served?

Thanks! :)
Is this restaurant near portland?
I am a Gujarati and I miss this food in USA! The only place I found similar thali was in New Jersey. 
Gosh! This brings back so many good memories. Gujarati food can be a bit sweet but its quite delicious. If any of you are ever in Mumbai do try and visit Shree Thaker Bhojanalay (translation: Mr. Thacker Eatery) for an amazing Gujarati Thali (meal comprising of assorted dishes like in the picture). I miss home :(
That looks so amazing.  So many delightful,  complex flavors.
best food ever!! yumm
looks good as fuck
Appropriate title, "What all the Patels eat around the world."
this doesn't look very filling....
Okay I see the condiments and bread. Where's the meal?
Is there meat?
Looks like a nice platter of heartburn :(
Doesn't look appetizing to me. I'd obviously try it, but it looks more like a [salsa tray](http://i.imgur.com/z1CYcDo.jpg) than a variety of food. 
Looks tasty, and I read may be vegetarian. What you do about that protein tho?
That looks great!   

One day I am going to find a resource for learning to speak Gujarati.
I'd love to visit Gujarat as well.
That plate will smash every single one of your flavor buds 
Thali! Best in America is in Artesia, Ca. We make a pilgrimage a couple of times a year.
 Few weeks ago, I posted similar [post of Gujarati thali](https://np.reddit.com/r/food/comments/3pqsvg/homemade_gujarati_thali_buffet_of_gujarat_after_a/) on this sub, but hardly got 10 upvotes.  
 
You post similar pic and get showed with 2000+ upvotes.  
 
I don't understand how Internet works.
Yayyy india ...#nationalpridefanboying
Korean?
Heaven!
With the amount of variety it gives us an opportunity to try out different combinations and flavours that suits our taste buds allows us to savour the delicious food....I just love these cuisines or what we call as *Thali*
Looks delicious!

I'd love to know how to cook like this... It just seems so time consuming. 
gujawaaaaat?
Kem cho muff hugger..  my mom cooks better.


Dips galore.
Pain...when it comes out the other end!
I have been to Ahmedabad in Gujarat state and that food sucks. Bowls of liquid are just not good. And no alcohol. None.
Misleading thumbnail, I thought it was a drumkit !
It is the worst Indian food. Gujarat culture is weak and their food is disgusting 
no protein 
Looks like something they would serve at Auschwitz.
Meh. I'll stick to my bratwurst on Germany.
D E S I G N A T E D
Looks fucking disgusting!
... Where's the food? 
tldr; curry.
We are a culture, not a cuisine!! ~~ tumblerina
Looks reasonable.
[deleted]
This is lovely! Happy Diwali from Singapore! PS: I'm going to guess that you are Maharashtrian based on this post. We made similar stuff here at home too. XD
This almost brought me to tears. It's been 5 years since I celebrated Diwali with my parents and friends in India. I miss it so much. Thanks for bringing back memories OP.
My roommate freshman year of college was straight out of New Delhi and his mom had made him a whole tub of those little crunchy sugar balls...I used to be so high and the dining courts would be closed late at night so I'd snag a couple of them balls to munch on...shit got me through freshman year. Happy Diwali
Happy Diwali! 

If you're Indian and you love to party have a happy happy happy happy Diwali! HAPPY DIWALI! https://vimeo.com/53444736
Immediately thought of The Office, Happy Diwali!
As a non-Indian who greatly appreciates the work that goes into Indian sweets, those are beautiful.  Happy Diwali!
This is the best time of the year to have a few hundred Indian coworkers. So many treats!
When I was in college my favorite student festival was Diwali Night hosted by the Indian Students Association. It was fucking awesome, and probably the best meal of the year.
Shubh Divali!!

In my country, our sweets are a little different, but still delicious! 

edit: I'm being downvoted. I mean to say that our Indian sweets are different in our country. Not sweets on the whole. 
Right on, looks amazing. My mother makes laddoo/laddu herself, with some raisins mixed in. My favourite sweets are those soft, slightly crumbly rectangular ones you get in most Indian sweet shops. Not sure of the name. Anyway Happy Diwali pal
Man those Chakris is where its at!!
Yummm looks like a very Marathi diwali! My mom makes moduk for me during Diwali too because I love them so much haha. Makes me miss home :( Instead of celebrating, I am studying for my fluid mechanics midterm
While my teeth hurt just looking at those, I am still convinced that food (and dance) has been perfected in India!

I tried a really sweet Indian dessert in London.  It kind of looked like chakli but it was very sticky/syrupy.  Help with the name?
Happy Diwali from Canada


Here's our Prime Minister celebrating Indian culture 


https://youtu.be/wgX-RQZpJZk
Those yellow balls on the bottom right are my favourite.
Happy Diwali! Thanks for sharing :)
What part of India is your family from?

My parents are from Gujarat so a few of those Diwali snacks looks familiar, but it's always interesting to see the regional differences. 
Your mom sure could make magic in the kitchen. I hope I could experience that festival. Happy Diwali!
Happy Diwali and Saal Mubarak (Happy New Year) to everyone!!
Stuff like this is why i'm subscribed to this subreddit, enjoy it!
Dammit..... as an Indian person 800 miles from home for school, words cannot express my jealously.... Especially as my Mumbai based grandfather is sending me pictures as well :( Happy Diwali! 
Happy Deepavali.
Jay Shri Krishna and Happy Diwali. 

Saal Mubaark :)
Ah fuck I forgot to find a good indian store near my new apartment. anyone know of one near Crown Heights or Franklin Ave?

Really want to get me some chakli.
I want to go there.
Damn I haven't had chakli in years, looks delicious. 
My work had a mini celebration for lunch.  The food was amazing.  
That's mouth watering! Happy Diwali :)
This reminded me of How Plumbuses are made because I still don't know what any of these things are.
I am at work and has no Indian co-workers. And I don't think anyone here has every heard of Diwali. But all of you have! Happy Diwali and stuff your face with all the sweets!!! I stuff mine with chocolate :)

Happy Diwali! | A Carbon Love Affair
https://acarbonloveaffair.wordpress.com/2015/11/08/happy-diwali/
Happy Diwali to all my Hindu friends!!  Looks delicious and fun, would love to find some festivities to join in with.
This was a google heavy post for me, learned a lot about some interesting ingredients. I think the most surprising one for me was, I never knew there were white poppy seeds. Shit like that turns your world upside down.
Diwali is so beautiful, but what is even more beautiful is the kurma and parasad they give out after 
That reminds me, time for fireworks tonight! It is tonight right? I'm bad at remembering. Anyways.
THANK YOU for posting this, as I finally have learned the name of Chakli.  This was made for me by a friend's mom when I was in middle school and I never remembered the name but remembered how much I loved those things.  Now I know what they are!!
Happy Diwali man!  I'm not the biggest fan of our sweets and desserts but I appreciate how painstakingly tedious and difficult they are to make.  You only go through that much trouble out of love.  
Also Chakli is the bomb, pressing it out of that brass thing is a workout.
Diwali is 
A festival of lights 
Let me tell you something 
Tonight has been 
One crazy night … 

So put on your saris 
It’s time to celebrate Diwali 
Everybody looks so jolly 
But it’s not Christmas, it’s Diwali 
The goddess of destruction, Kali 
Stopped by to celebrate Diwali 
Don’t invite any zombies 
To our celebration of Diwali 
Along came Polly 
To have some fun at Diwali 
If you’re Indian and you love to party 
Have a happy, happy 
Happy, happy Diwali!
I can't help but think of [Michael Scott and this song](https://vimeo.com/53444736) when I hear about Diwali. 
That looks great. 
Happy Diwali :)
Chakris! YUM
Happy Diwali!
And now I wish I was back in Toronto so I could have my mum's Diwali good. We make sakkarpara, kharkharia, chevdo and magaj (not sure of spelling). Then of course we share the fried, fatty goodness with aunts and uncles and the rest of the family. Damn, I should learn how to make this already.

Enjoy your sweets for me and happy Diwali!
Happy Diwali!
Happy Diwali pradnesh. Ghar ki yaad aa gayi
:'-)
Everything looks great! Do you mind identifying the name of the curly ring dessert? Is it similar to jalebis? 
[deleted]
DIE, WALLY!!!!
Does any one know what Indian sweet made during diwali that is sort of like a ground almond ball that has hints of anise or licorice? Its really grainy and has some chunks of almonds still in it. I went to a place that had the sweets prepared and wasn't sure what it was but I think its my new favorite. 
Two questions (if you don't mind)

1) Any insight as to why this holiday is bigger in some parts of the world (South India, Guyana) than others which celebrate holidays other Hindus barely heard of (Durga Festival in Bangladesh) and those folks don't seem to bother with Diwali?

2) This was celebrated yesterday but some people celebrate it today... Is this a lunar holiday? 
Anarse smells bad before cooking huh
Happy Diwali from Florida!!
Fml. As a fat, brown and on the ground brown person.. 


I love ladoos and gulag jamus.. 

God damn you jalebiiiiii
Happy diwali bro :) 
This makes me miss home so much! 
Happy diwali sir ji
After listening to the Sporkful Diwali episode I want to try some homemade Diwali sweets SO bad
I lived in Mumbai for two years and I have to admit.... I really hated Indian sweets. Probably a cultural thing, but most of them did not work for my mouth. Paneer tikka, murg mallai, some good garlic naan did, though. 
Wasn't Diwali last month?
Happy Diwali mitra! I miss Diwali celebrations a lot, I too am from Mumbai and honestly its one of the best places to enjoy the festival. We had neighbours native to different parts of the country (I myself am Tamilian) and everyone would share sweets from their state. 

Also, its sad to see this level of hostility in the comments from people around the world, I guess we have to just dust it off and move on.
Must be pretty hard to find decent Diwali food in India.
happy 
i like how its the same day as vets day ! Cheers looks yummy! 
gajar ke halva or go home
Happy Diwali everyone!

https://youtube.com/watch?v=3BlygbHnrWY
Dat Mava Karanjee
http://www.google.com/imgres?imgurl=http://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/theoffice/images/0/01/Diwali.jpg/revision/latest%253Fcb%253D20061103171536&amp;imgrefurl=http://theoffice.wikia.com/wiki/Diwali&amp;h=305&amp;w=540&amp;tbnid=XX2u0AMUSB65pM:&amp;docid=N1yVbM20fkgQzM&amp;ei=JINDVvPoCMGwjwOY7IW4DQ&amp;tbm=isch&amp;ved=0CB8QMygCMAJqFQoTCPOKub76iMkCFUHYYwodGHYB1w
Damn that looks good.
My favourite festival! 
Happy Diwali!!!
Festival like this is what makes me miss India. Staying up all night lighting up bottle rockets and other fireworks. It was a much simplertime when I was younger. Happy Diwali to everyone.
I don't have much of a sweet tooth, but those photos have me salivating.


(obligatory plug for /r/IndianFood)
I would buy that Mava Karanjee stuff at the store if I could find it.  I'm more of a texture guy when it comes to snacks &amp; typically shy away from things with seeds, except for Chia, that stuff is good depending on prep.   
Those Mava Karanjee are beautiful! Are they always pink and yellow or do you change up the colors? 
Can someone gimme a "clockwise from right" list of what these are? I don't know from Indian sweets!
Happy Diwali from US.....Literally sweet Karma
Oh wow, those look delicious happy Diwali
Happy Diwali from Scranton Pennslyvania
Mava Karanjee... I need that
When the whole neighborhood buys firecrackers but your mom says that they're too dangerous 😢
[I've never looked at a photo of a food and been less certain about what its texture would be like](http://i.imgur.com/SsiV7nv.jpg)
Chakli is not sweet. It's actually spicy, so technically these are not all sweets.
My wife teaches at an international school and had Indian students for several years in a row.  We always got an invitation to come to the local Diwali celebration.  Sadly she hasn't had any Indian students in a while, so no Diwali for us anymore.  Bummer.  
Not sure what Diwali is but enjoy. Also what are the timbit looking things... I want some
Chakalu!!
are there instructions on how to make it? please?
Great gluten free and perfect for getting shredded 
This is entirely new to me, and I want some.  You made it all sound so delicious and decadent.  Well done OP!
Anarse smells bad before cooking? hehe
This is all new to me and it looks amazing. Well done OP and happy Diwali!
Happy Diwali! Great and thoughtful post. Thanks.
Happy diwali from chicago. I only like chakriees everything else is diabeetus :p
I clicked on this wholeheartedly expecting "The Office" references. Needless to say I am not disappointed.
I thought Diwali was made up by The Office.
Beautiful!

Are Indian sweets more about look than taste? Every time I've sampled some they taste like sugary grossness.  Are they meant to be eaten with something that lessens the sweetness?
Oh my gosh! These look so delicious.  Happy Dawali!!!  :)
So put on your sari, let's celebrate Diwali...
-Michael Scott
Kya bhath hai. 
I'm allergic to diwali. Can I replace the diwali with vegetable stock?
I was in college my favorite student festival was Diwali Night hosted by the history and culture of the family.
Is it take good？I never try before.
Ok what the hell is Diwali?
Happy Diwali from Abbotsford
I'm surprised anarse tastes so good.
That's so sweet
Man India has some amazing cuisine but when it comes to sweets they just aren't on the same level. They always look amazing but then you go to eat them and they do not taste good. Even many of my Indian friends have an aversion to most Indian sweets.
Happy Diwali but that is crazy. No wonder Indians and Pakis live to like 40
As an Indian, happy diabetes
Everything looks cool and well prepared but they don't look appealing as a dessert to me.
Is that the one where you throw powdered paint around or is it the one where you set off fireworks ?
How does it taste when you lick anarse?
Anarse smells bad before cooking it? No shit.
Do you have any smores? All they are is chocolate, graham cracker, and marshmallow. How difficult would that have been?

No office fans here I guess
I can't be the only one who thinks about Michael Scott for Diwali. 
An-arse... ha.. haha.. haaa..
DESIGNATED
Now compare this with that crap of a plate from Hawaii.
Diwali's essentially a Hindu Halloween, right? 
I'll be the one who says it.  

This looks like shit.  
Empanadas! &lt;3
I don't know what they are but I sure like the look of those gay pasties.
[CeLo](http://imgur.com/DfTBIPl)
All they are is chocolate, graham cracker, and marshmallow. How difficult would that have been?
 
Sorry wrong subreddit, thought this was a costume party
Indian sweets are way too sweet. Too much sugar. Sugar is the devil.
So which of these snacks make you guys smell bad?
All I see is a moldy bagel, some meatballs, some onion rings, dumplings, some tiny potatoes and a side salad. big deal
This is an attack on Christians 
"Sweets"

Cmon...
"Smells bad before cooking"
Would you say is smells like an arse?
This is an attack on Christians 
Because I don't feel like wasting my bandwidth, I'm gonna just ask here:  WTF is Diwali and why should I care?
Didn't we just have one of these festivals like a year ago?
Can I get the recipe for the bacon gouda brussel sprouts?
Happy birthday!
[deleted]
r/keto
"That steak is cooked slightly differently to the way I have it".

*downvotes*
Holy fuck that looks so good. A perfect steak imo
Was that meat cooked under indirect heat?  Looks kinda like it was steamed or smoked by the color.  Good job overall, just wondering about the cooking technique that got the meat to retain the red color.
Whats the sauce underneath?
It's my birthday today and I didn't get this :(
Holy crap normally pictures of people's food I'm like meh. But this looks amazing, the steak looks so juicy and soft. Happy birthday indeed :)
I love a good Paleo meal.
Looking good, buddy.
Why is the meat red? 
As a 225 pound male who has not eaten in over 6 hours. You owe me a new keyboard. Or something to get the drool out of it.   
Bruh cut the bottoms off of your sprouts.
potatoes? Starch? Anything beige...
I have never liked brussels sprouts, but that looks fucking AMAZING. Recently I had some at a restaurant where they were bathed in a sriracha/honey sauce, and wow... Now I think we might have to try that at home.
Oh god I love brussels sprouts, this looks fantastic!
Nothings better then the ol' steak and knobber dayy
Goddammit that looks good. 
great dish
blessed
Happy birthday! It's mine too.
I personally like a bit more char to my steak but this looks great! Love brussels sprouts. Happy birthday!
I am not a brussels sprouts or green beans type of guy, but damn does this look good. 
Delicious looking!
what is the sauce its on?
I've never put cheese with my brussels before. I love cheese though so I have no idea why. 
Bacon Gouda Brussel sprouts is an option for something I can put in my body?  :-0   How have I not realized this my entire life. :-0
Don't really care that they're "bacon Gouda" brussels sprouts, but everything looks really delicious regardless!
That looks so good 👍 Yes I will have seconds.
Can I just say that Gouda Brussels sounds like a character from the new Star Wars films?
I'll have to try these Brussels,  my family hates them but how can anyone hate something with cheese and bacon
Brussel sprouts, bacon, and gouda....these are a few of my favorite things
Yum!!!
dem grill marks doe
2006 was a good year
drop the sprouts keep the canoli
fuck
Hey its my birthday today too!
/r/keto would go nuts over this.
So you come to my house? I supply the food, chianti, roses and massage. Nothing creepy involved and noooo pressure. Rofl! Good job! Do you have recipes? 
Happy birthday!
Wow
How is that steak cooked? Looks pretty rare to me.
So much food for one person! Looks delicious 
You need more color on that steak. It looks sick.
Them beans are on point!
ASL? NM it doesn't matter, let's do this OP
Gouda you like it?
Happy birthday.. To you! 
Do you have a recipe for the Brussels sprouts?
it looks awesome, can you tell us how you made it ? the steps, feel hungry now.
I have never liked brussels sprouts, this looks amazing, the steak looks so juicy and soft.
Name checks out
Happy Birthday! Beautiful dish!
I sometimes cut up bacon and onions, and fry up Brussels sprouts in that, butter and a bit of red wine. It's amazing.
I don't like when the food touches :(
We share a birthday :)
Happy birthday OP! It's actually my birthday too, so I guess we're birthday twins! My dinner won't look anything that good though!
I dislike cheese but that sounds good！
I wish I could make this for mealprepping and have it daily. Looks fantastic!

Happy birthday
Happy birthday to you too good sir/madam

December 1st baby here too :) 
great dish
The steak never looks big enough.
Those Sprouts look really gouda
I'm so unhealthy - the only thing I like is the bacon
What is it that you're drinking?
Gouda you like it?

edit: Gouda is supposed to be said like "howda"
Hope you took the strings out of the green beans!
That looks really good!  I would have my steak cooked slightly longer; red on the inside only, brown outside.  Also, it looks like the ends of the brussel sprouts were not cut off.  Those are bad, just like the ends of broccoli.  
That looks so good for you.
Murderer! /s
Its got fomunda cheese in the pic look like they could've been cleaned a bit more char to my steak cooked slightly longer; red on the outside.
ah yes, I remember fondly the times as a child when mother would ask what I wanted for birthday. always brussel sprouts and green beans. more veggies please!
That looks absolutely disgusting 
This looks awful.
I touched up your white balance and tweaked a few things here: 

http://imgur.com/Ciih1Rl
Is it bad that I want to marry this dish?
I love cross sear.
That looks gouda to me
Those Sprouts look really gouda
enjoy the cancer
MEDIOCRE 
Sprouts and beans look super mushy
why put Gouda on the Brussels sprouts? That just seems way, way too heavy for a side dish. They taste awesome with just bacon, there's no reason to add cheese too.
wayyyy too many greens but I would love the steak alongside some real food :)
That being said baking is a lot of good stuff going down the drain!
"Gouda Brussels sprouts" sounds silly to me, as te two cities aren't even in the same country. But I'm probably OCD'ing a little here. You're obviously talking about Gouda cheese and Brussels sprouts. Language just doesn't always work out.
I feel crazy but I would take a flat iron over a tenderloin any day. 
Lol, looks nice, but people in Belgium wouldn't eat 2 types of vegies on a plate. 
Blimey, think you could still jump start that steak it looks so rare. Tasty though
The meat looks like you're only eating blood. 
Filet Mignon: the steak for people who like their food to taste like nothing.
Do you mean California Chimichanga?
This is literally a chimichanga.
I think you mean a chimichanga, a chimichanga is a fried burrito.
[Do you like Chimichangas?] (http://youtu.be/Q0b7ky96oKg)
So. Much. RESOLUTION. IT'S BEAUTIFUL
At La Perla Cocina in San Diego, CA. There is Carne Asada, Pico De Gallo, Guacamole, French Fries, and Cheese inside.

California Burritos are pretty ubiquitous here in Southern California (you can pretty much find them in any taco shop), but this was my first time trying one fried. It was amazing! [Here](http://i.imgur.com/zB6FnFW.jpg)'s what it looked like cut open.

**Edit:** Specified Southern CA thanks to /u/TrappedAtReception.

How the fuck do you not know what a chimichanga is?!
If it's fried, it's not a burrito. Chimichanga.
That's clearly a chimichanga
Fried burrito? Also called a chimichanga, yes?
When I visited SF earlier this year I went to Gordos on Clemens st everyday for their Burrito supreme. 
That's a chimichanga, bruh, the most delicious fucking thing on the Earth.  Steak, ground beef or chicken, either way it's an orgy in your mouth.
These are calling Chimichangas. A California burrito is a burrito with french fries in it. If you want a fried California style burrito, then ask for a California Chimichanga. Not a fried California Burrito. 
I desperately miss California burritos.  Albertaco's... nomnomnom.  
This fried California Burtito, isn't that technically called a Chimichanga?
Slap some form of avocado on something and California thinks they invented some new food again...
Oh, you mean a chimichanga 
This fried California Burtito, isn't that technically called a Chimichanga?
This Reminds me a lot of the Chuy changa i served at Chuys back in the day. Nothing but fried heaven in a tortilla. (Not heavenly 6 hours later however)
Chimichanga inventor is a restaurant in Tucson, AZ.
http://www.elcharrocafe.com/history.asp
So uh, from someone who's a native Californian.. whats a Californian burrito?
As a man who orders a California burrito almost every time he eats Mexican, this makes my pants unreasonably tight.
So basically a mega-chimichanga with a surplus of avocado
Chimi?
I see a swan in the sauce that dripped onto the plate.
That's a chimichanga.
You mean man's greatest creation? 

The chimichanga...
Anybody else wishing there was an Allsup's nearby right now?
This is what we call in the normal world a "chimichanga." 
if its fried its a chimichanga; so its a California Chimi-Changa, or si si si.
California is just being PC. Arizona did coin the Chimichanga.
Oh god.  I miss San Diego in large part for California burritos.
I'm not traditionally a fan of Cali or baja style of Mexican food but I have to admit that looks bomb AF. I bet it would build a glorious turd
As someone who had their first California burrito this week .... OMGOSH it gets better?!
As a Californian, I approve of this so hard!
This kills the OP
Cali chimi.  Sounds good.
That gives me the shits just by looking at it
Being from the South, I'm so used to all the Mexican food being doused in queso. I just got back from a trip to San Francisco last week and was floored that there's no queso dip! Slightly (absolutely) devastating. That burrito does look delicious, though! 
Exactly what is in this? It looks so yummy
I want to be in/on that
Is that white stuff anything like donair sauce? We may need a Maritimer living in California to confirm. A Californian living in the Maritimes might also suffice.
I can almost smell it from here... I need that inside of me.
Appetite intensifies
I rarely up vote this sub, but God bless I need to learn how to make this.
perfection
Fuck me I need this in my life.

Can someone freeze pack it and send it to Australia? Or atleast give me a recipe. Im really hungry :(
If I were a food, I would be this. 
God I miss a California Burritto.  
that looks delicious!

*RIP your arteries*
My heart exploded from looking at this. 

It's magnificent.
Cut that bitch open and show us the goods!
how was this?
You should try a Spuderito from Bobby's Place (Used to be Rick's) in Pasadena.
Yummy yummy yummy I need this in my tummy. 
Thats one big fucking eggroll.
This looks amazing. Any idea where I can get this in NYC? 
smells like cooch
why couldnt this be considered dinner mods

why mods
Taco bell on a plate 
At least I can make that here in Philly. As for In N Out....we are excluded from the goodness. Anyone interested in shipping me burgers in exchange for authentic Philly Steaks? :) thats all Ive got.
I'd eat it but then have to starve myself the next day 
Went to san diego, ate california burritos for a week. My relationship with carne asada changed forever.
FUCK I miss San Diego!... I wanna go home!!!
I envy you!  sigh
Remember just because you CAN fry it doesn't mean you should be a pussy and not fry it. 
looks super tasty, though I am sure it would be flagged as causing cancer in california
nomnomnom
Sour cream that isn't thick looks gross.
That's so beautiful my eyes are watering up a little
how do you eat that without getting cream on your hands.
That looks gross.
But, where?????!!!!??
[You can get a non fried version of this at any Del Taco, I live in Dallas and had one last week!]( http://www.deltaco.com/mobile/index.php?page=menu_item&amp;id=110&amp;show=ingredient)
It's three in the morning why did I open this oh god why 
http://burritosofsandiego.tumblr.com/
That's a good looking chimichanga
So....... A C-H-I-M-I-C-H-A-N-G-A?!?!?!?!
Whatever it actually is,  it looks like cardiac arrest on a plate. 
I'm hungry...
Better be French fries in there bruh 
How would you eat this? Fork and knife I guess?
i want to go to there.
how do you hold it?
OP recipe or STFU. Please? ;)
easily the best ~~comments~~ thread ive ever seen in /r/food

Goodness is it necessary for every post to say it is a chimichanga??   I don't care, it looks amazingly delicious!! 
I'd hit it.
Some of the best places to eat Mexican food in San Diego is Valerie's taco shop (PB/Oceanside/or new one coming soon in vista) or Roberto's Taco Shop or Lolita's Mexican food. Any questions about them. Ask me. 
[
](http://i.imgur.com/zZuIL6X.jpg)
As a San Diegan, California burritos aren't that great.

Just kidding. All the legends and tales of heroism about them are true. Nothing better than getting piss drunk and eating Mexican food at 1 or 2 in the morning. It's a Saturday night San Diego tradition. Bonus points if you got drunk at a brewery.
Are'nt they called "floutas"?
Too soon...
Oh, you mean a chimichanga 
Edit: Nvm...found the porn shot =D
I need to know, is there anything that people in America will not/can't fry ? 
PICO, GUAC, SOUR. TACO BELL HAS CALI STYLE EVERYTHING. JUST ASK FOR IT CALI STYLE AND THE MISERABLE TACO SLAVES WILL DO IT.
Ahh a Mexican Egg Roll
Be still my beating heart...
Thats one big fucking eggroll.
But where's the taco-town?
Fucking yum

EDIT: Much regret the next morning
This kills the OP
No way. OP I hate you. That looks so delicious
Bufriedo.
It's a California burrito, because it's vegan, gluten free, all juice, has a man bun, and just launched a startup.
What does California taste like?
All of your daily calories in one convenient package
Looks Delicious 
It can also be pronounced.... Chim-ini-chan-ga
That's chunktastic!
Maybe they were pan-fried? Chimichangas are deep fried.
So uh, from someone who's a native Californian.. whats a Californian burrito?
iPhone picture?
I must be the only one that thinks this looks heinous 
where is this you tell me now!

Chimichunga....
Did you even order it...ive Never heard it called "that"
I just want to add that 90% of California doesn't recognize french fries included as a 'California burrito'.  Also, I find that they are a bit nasty, and as a life long Californian, would rather not be associated with them at all.

I just really wish this wasn't a thing at all, while our  wonderful state has many better ideas that could be associated with it.  This could easily be a fucking Pittsburgh burrito.  Why not avocado and ripe tomatoes?

Call it a San Diego burrito or something, because that is where it's from.  Don't put associate that nasty crap with me please and thank you.
Was that from the sandwich king in Phoenix, AZ. That place is so good!!! :D....
Hmm I wonder what makes this chimichanga so "California".
I'm new to CA, is there a place that sells this near LA? It looks so good! 
That looks delicious. Exactly like our chimichanga at California Taco Shop in Providence. Filled with carnitas mmmmm
That's a big ass chimichanga right there.
Thanks! i just ruined my damn laptop with JIZZ
This prompted me to check out what deep fried offerings there are at the Texas State Fair. Deep fried bubble gum, deep fried Cola, deep fried butter balls...

http://mentalfloss.com/article/31488/25-deep-fried-foods-texas-state-fair
You mean bufriedo? 
 I urge you to try the California Taqueserito Chimichanga. A Cali B with a taquito in the middle and wrapped with a quesadilla, then deep fried
I'm Mexican and living in San Diego, even though I know that it is Mexican-American Cuisine, I feel the need to shove that California Chimichanga up my mouth. Do you have some more info on the place , I need to go right now. 
Fried calamari burrito.

Kinda sad
These are calling Chimichangas. A California burrito is a burrito with french fries in it. If you want a fried California style burrito, then ask for a California Chimichanga. Not a fried California Burrito. 
I have lived in CA my whole life, had no idea "California Burrito" was a thing.
French fries in a burrito? Sign me the fuck up.
How many calories do you think that is...like, 400 or so?
[deleted]
[It's love](https://media3.giphy.com/media/mvoDOvJHpPmX6/giphy.gif)
iunno bro looks like overkill to me.
Interesting, the wet burrito is awesome too http://imgur.com/9ZvENmu
[It's love](https://media3.giphy.com/media/mvoDOvJHpPmX6/giphy.gif)
Does that thing contain beans?
Because no matter how delicious it looks on the outside, brother, I ain't eating no bean.
next thing someone will post a wet burrito and call it a nevada burrito
This is MUCH more California than that deep fried ghetto food that most people out here wouldn't go near http://www.saveur.com/article/recipes/california-sandwich


Lol, do you mean a Normal ass burrito? 
I only comment because the best California Burrito is in Fresno, California at any Robertito's Location. Order: 1, California, no pico, sour cream, no guac. Your heart may hate you, but your stomach, no, your panza will not. 
Give me, give me, give me some WEED!!!!! (BLAZE, BLAZE, BLAZE!)
So that's how the mexicans are taking over.  Kill everybody with heart attacks.   It's insidious.  &gt;:D
Worst. Title. Ever.
grossssss
Everything wasnt invented in California.  Its just a chimichanga.  And its a rolling stop, not a california stop.


I've been reading all about that young enema man on the computer... just sick with worry for his family :(
this is an off menu entree at almost every mexican restaurant. Source: never been to CA, eaten hundreds of these.
Do they do vegetarian!?!
That restaurant bought their tables and chairs form Subway!
Simmer down now
Me- Stock photo
Wife- What is that?!
Me- Stock photo
Wife-Huh?
Me- Stock Photo


Wife-Ooooh!
Souper title!
Sinigang?
was not disappointed
I'll skip past the bad pun and comment on how disgusting that actually looks 
/r/chefhumor
I see what you did there.
Reduce to a boil.
Let that sucker cook and simmer for like a half day, mmm.
[stalk photos](http://visual.merriam-webster.com/images/food-kitchen/food/vegetables/stalk-vegetables_1.jpg)
This is pretty much my plan, though I plan on returning some of the Dodger Brooklyn squad Wu-Tang killer bees on a cold day and that stock looks amazing Looks like the turkey with me.
What all do you have in there?
Looks delicious OP.  I can almost smell it. 
Thanks for making me laugh
ba dum... pssssh
lolz
Dad?
If you want it.
That's what it looks like when I **destroy** the toilet.
Please dont stir your stocks. Makes them cloudy and gritty. Bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and skim all that fat and impurities as it bubbles to the top.
I can almost taste it, and it tastes good.
Thanks for helping me get my fill of shitposting since /r/4chan is down
DaaaaaaaaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAD...
/r/punny needs to see this
Looks delicious and punny... Well deserved upvote for you.
make it higher res and put a watermark on it.
im sick right now, and theres nothing i want more than that right now.
Ha.
Looks delicious 
needs a good skim
Me- Stock photo Wife- What is this 9gag?
When you do this throughout preparing the stock, your stock will be a great addition I'm sure.
Stock of soup? What kind of computer?
what a twist!!!
Coming right up!
My stock under the turkey I smoked yesterday.
http://imgur.com/a/eex6K
https://media.giphy.com/media/9EwnzGNjvmIG4/giphy.gif
Ahhhh yea, wings and legs get cooked down in a pot with a mesh strainer then filter the whole thing to get drunk.
har har har op. but wow - that stock looks potent!!!
[Stalk Photo](http://listdose.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/stalker.jpg)
Give me some of the stock a little flat?
I'm embarrassed to say I didn't get it real nice and cooked down.
BAZINGA!
har har har op. but wow - that stock looks potent!!!
Came for the pun, stayed for the dismembered animal remains floating in a nameless sludge.
https://media.giphy.com/media/9EwnzGNjvmIG4/giphy.gif
Getty Images would like to [speak with you](http://www.bayoaklaw.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/1371/2014/04/Getty-Images-2.png).
There is a hilarious tumblr blog that is full of this, in German though!

http://amateurkochfotos.tumblr.com


Me- Stock photo Wife- What is this 9gag?
Apple should put this on their website and say "this is only slightly better then what we feed our workers"
Do you have a full recipe on how disgusting that actually looks Much like most of the stock a little flat?
Jokes for pot heads 
wtf is that?
Stock? What's all that stuff in the liquid? That's soup. [Stock's clear ... ish](http://i.imgur.com/dATTIMC.jpg); no floaters.
What's wrong with it? Stock isn't supposed to look like that.
wtf is that?
This is stock not soup.
Why is vomit getting so much upvoted?? are you guys sick in the brain or what 
Needs more Harold
That looks disgusting
Put that back in the toilet
Gyoza are always gonna be holiday season food for me.  Lots of memories of making them before big family dinners.

Good job!
My friends and I often debate how many gyoza we could eat in one sitting.

Looking at it, I'm now going with 78.
Out of curiosity: what separates a gyoza from a potsticker? 
Sounds Fantastic. My Mom used to make homemade Gyoza all the time before she died. It was excellent... *Sigh* I miss my mom.
Recipe?
What did the rest of them eat?
Gyoza 78 sounds like a russian artillery system. :D
Hey that's funny I'm about to have some Mandu
[deleted]
This Chinese restaurant I used to go to in college had these on the buffet and they were great.  One day they quit putting them on the buffet because nobody was eating them.  I was so depressed.
I love these I can eat them non stop.
My Taiwanese roommate and I used to make these all the time. We once made 100 of them (mixture of shrimp and pork) for 4 people. It was a glorious night.

Now my parent ALWAYS request that I make these for them. Such a great dinner.
I dated a wonderful woman who was born in Taiwan (who was also white) that taught me how to make these! 

And, by 'taught me how to make these,' I mean that we made them together twice and they were amazing and I haven't made them since.
Dip those in dark vinegar + ginger sauce.


I know these are also called potstickers, because obviously they stick to the bottom of the pot like a motherfucker. I've tried over the years to make these at home and every time, without fail, the bottoms rip off when I try to remove them from the pan. I've tried every technique I can Google and nothing helps. Depressing.
Looks like Mandu.
which recipe did you use for this?
Dude! Awesome. I'll be right over.
Fuck yeah man, Gyoza! What is it?
Can you freeze them once they're made?
Trader Joe's would approve.
Reminds me of when I was a kid and we'd make a ton of gyoza -- some with traditional fillings, but also some with non-traditional fillings. We'd freeze them all in labeled bags and then after school we'd grab a handful and fry them on a griddle as an after school snack.
It looks a bit soggy. Uncap it and let it pan fry for a bit before taking it off the pan. 
Totally across the planet, but reminds me of making homemade pierogi for Wigilia...
Why 78?

[Edit] Never mind. Saw it's because of the skin packaging.
That could be an epic story about 78 brave Gyoza that lost their packaging, and now roamed the frozen wasteland in search of a purpose!  (And they found a hot pan, and happy tastebuds)
ah, i see you made exactly 1 serving of gyoza. excellent self control.
Dorohedoro
Someone told me about my presentation. Learnt that my gf made a good pic of it

So here we [are](http://imgur.com/pG422GQ)
Good lord I want to eat all of those.  Well done OP.
👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
*Drool*
I'll be over in a minute. 
Some of the best food around!
What separated gyoza from pot sicker from momos???
I want...
That's my band's name.
Gyoza and all gyoza type foods on my weakness. God I wish I could eat.
Gimme some of those brown ones
I have them plenty of times before and they are quite tasty. My thing is, are they consider dumplings or no?
I don't even know what those are, but they sure look good.
Ain't no party like a gyoza party.

We make a ton every time and it's always a great time.
78? just how many people were you feeding?
Do they get tastier the more you make or something?

Also, if you've got any leftovers, you know, just saying, I can help with cleanup.
This post made me realize I have trader Joe's Pork Gyoza in the Freezer. Thank you.  
Oh man, I needed directions to your house for dinner! Those look amazing.
I made some tonight too! It's time-intensive but SO worth it :Q
Are they identical to "Maultaschen"? (My dictionary calls them "German ravioli", which sounds as it could be offensive to both Italians and Germans in some way, or "Swabian pockets".) We also fry them sometimes.
Momos 😍
"I'm allergic to Goya, if I eat more than 80 pieces, I barf" - Andy Radical
omg theu look delicious! what are they?!
Well I made two costco, bowl-shaped frozen microwave vegetable yakisoba pucks tonight.  

They weren't half bad, actually.  Better than the usual 'add hot water' kind that I would otherwise get outside a restaurant.

How could you be more legit than that?

Why not 80?
I use this recipe which is another term for Jian Jiao .
That's still not enough.
I get these at one of the dumplin palces in the city, 5 for $1 and they taste amazing!
When does a dumpling become a Gyoza? 
Love those Trader Joe's Gyoza.
And don't get me started on the iPad then, thanks - will check on PC.
A '78 Gyoza sounds like a Japanese car.
#TFTI
I need this in my life 
You made 78 gyoza, posted the images here on the internets, and then don't offer to share? You are a horrible person. 

At least share the recipe.

Edit: Undid the horror which autocorrect wrought.
I don't even know they made them.
What is that device you're cooking them on called,  where does it drain to,  and how much does it cost?  I want
They look beautiful and delicious! Also makes me want to make some, but I'm not sure who I could share that much food with.
Jiaozi are a kind of Chinese dumpling, Gyoza is the Japanese word for dumpling. Seems interesting...!! Looking like a version of momos.
Are they easy to make?
dank.jpg
I find that quick shakes of the Chinese word is jiaozi, from which gyoza is derived.
This should be a crime, I'd like to make a ridiculous amount of oil.
Oh damn I can taste the vinegar.

Gotta get me some of these now.
Could you give me the recipe? I can't find it on any cite that looks as good as tours!  Thank~You.   Joni
Dude, try em steamed, you can eat more and they are bomb as fuck with a bit of vinegar and red pepper!
Trader Joe's are pretty good for store bought. 
Wish I knew how to fry them without them just falling apart. I just boil them.
This should be a crime, I'd like to make a ridiculous amount of oil.
You made 78 gyoza, posted the images here on the internets, and then don't offer to share? You are a horrible person. 

At least share the recipe.

Edit: Undid the horror which autocorrect wrought.
yum yum looked delicious.
*Drool*
How do you get them to not stick to the pan when browning them?
I've got 78 Gyoza but a beef ain't one

🎶🎶🎶🎶🎶🎶🎶🎶🎶🎶🎶🎶🎶
I made these tonight after seeing your post. Thanks!
Tried that. Special oil?
Why only 78?
what did you do for dipping sauce(s)?
Are those the ones from Costco? You gotta eat it with that sauce.
You post a pic of good looking food that's supposedly homemade and in a food sub forum. Yet don't provide a recipe, at least not one I see. This should be a crime, I'd like to make a citizens arrest. 
I believe the plural is "gyozi"
Right way to cook gyoza, oil. Not vapor. Must be crunchy beneath :D.
By the way, i kinda want to puke after 15 of these. I don't know why.
gyozas looked gross as hell, but tasted delicious.
Would like to see some plating and better presentation man.
&gt;banh

FTFY
Looks great, but I bet that's a nightmare to eat.
On my way over.
It can't really be banh mi without the pickled daikon, maaaaaaaaaan. 
Needs more cilantro. 
Why do you want to be banned? 
*Picks up sandwich... All contents fall out*
Well, you made a sandwich, anyway.  And a good looking one, at that.  
Banh Mi need some pork pate' and some hot chili sauces...pickled daikon, not radishes, but get a pass on that. No tomatoes on BM in the VN...just cucumber slices. But I see you said Style so, as you wish.
Looks great, glad to see a photo with no (or minimal) filters.
The northern dialect pronounces it like the "beng" in "bengal tiger," minus the hard "g" sound you get in the second syllable of bengal and with a tonal inflection.  The mi part is like "me" but with a tonal inflection.  I would stick with the northern dialect as it is the most phonetically correct, i.e. it pronounces all the different accents we have distinctly compared to other dialects.  
wheres mine?
I love cilantro but for my taste...that's a LOT of it. 
I made myself a halal flavor pulled pork sandwich
"Made myself a Banh Mi style cilantro sandwich"

FTFY
This place near me that used to be just an ordinary Chinese restaurant is now under new management and they've added all these authentic Vietnamese dishes to the menu, and using higher quality meat. The pork bahn mi blew my mind.
"Mouth-Watering Orgasm", ironically the second time I've seen this title before.
Excellent presentation.
Legit 
Fucken pulled pork.
Is that a raddish?

My mind is racing
Wha'tcha got on there OP?

I see a few things that I recognize from a Bahn Mi. 

Teach me your ways. 
this sandwich is more beautiful than i am...
I saw the thumbnail and immediately yelled TACO TOWN in my head.
Yaaas there was this French Vietnamese store I used to go to before it closed, I would always get the combination pork sandwich. It sooo good. 
That looks seriously fucking amazing. I wish the joint by me made banh mi's for ME like that! :)
bahn like autobahn ?
my favorite sandwich in the world. and now i want some :/
I eat these in front of my mom who absolutely despises cilantro. Hands down the best and most delicious way to shovel the stuff into your mouth.
Bahn Yu?
Absolutely haramilicious
How did you manage that!!? 
Is there any way you can transform back into a human?
OP, how did you cook the pulled pork? Yours looks very different from mine. I use a slow cooker and like to drown it in barbecue sauce.
Drop a fried egg or two on there and I'm in heaven. 
Dude! SO good. You make me jealous.

comfort food from ma motherland ja feelz
The local Vietnamese place owes you thanks because a bunch of people just made new lunch plans
What kind of vegetables are those?
I see coriander, I'm hungry now
Hauptbahnhof THANK YOU it is now. that's just silly.
Proud to be Viet
Dang that looks delicious

I have been experimenting making pulled pork lately, is there a good recipe for this? It's making my mouth water!
Love mi some bahn. 
Bahn Mi? Bahn you!
What did you put on it exactly? I see the meat, cucumber, cilantro and the chili alongside with the really interesting addition of radish. I think that there is cheese on top. That'd be really funky...not sure I'd enjoy the cheese.
Uh, How do you eat it..?
Mind sharing your picture-taking technique?  How did you get the lighting so nice? 


1) How the fuck are you supposed to eat this?
2) Where's the pork??
3) This looks like a salad. 
I'm not too sure that so much parsley tastes nice.
How does one season the meat for these sandwiches? I really love them and recently got into pickling. I would love to make one of these soon.
Where's the jalapeno?
I need this in my life.
I make Banh Mi every day at work.it is so tasty i like very much...
ATFY [ate that for you].
YUM! that looks delish.
Bahn Mi is my all time most favorited as fuck sandwich! I cant express how much I love them in words. I am now sad that I don't have access to fresh vegetables and herbs at the moment, because I really want to make one RIGHT NOW!!!!
If you're ever in Vietnam you better chase those Bahn Mi carts

It's the best 20 cents you'll ever spend
You have been banhed from /r/Hanoi
Do not understand why there are so many negative comments.

I want banh mi hardcore now after seeing that. Suppose I can have it for lunch tomorrow but I bet it will not look anything like that heaven on a plate I see here. 
It's not even close to what a Bánh Mì is... 

Holy sweet mother of god...
There's a pretty decent place on my old university campus to get these style sandwiches. I'm almost tempted to bus for 3 hours round trip for some. Don't know any place near me or that delivers and it drives me nuts. 
sandwich style banh mi eh? looks tasty!
What the serious fuck! That is the sandwich I wish I ate for lunch today :)
Jesus this looks fucking enlightening. Is that cilantro? Ughhhh!
Pho's Restaurant; E. Court Street in Cincinnati. The best effing sandwich I've ever eaten. Their Banh Mi is culinary perfection.
I want something with cilantro and radishes right this minute.  

So, essentially, I need a salad.  But a fresh salad.  Parsley as well, with spinach, cucumber, just a few carrot slices, lemon juice, a hard egg, and some croutons.  That's what I want when I look at this sandwich.  
Doen't banh mi literally mean sandwich? A sandwich styled sandwich?
OP, is there a specific reason why you sliced the bread from the top? Traditional Banh Mi breads are sliced open from the side, like a pocket. 
banh mi from is from Philipines right 
Man I miss banh mi... it's too expensive here at my university. It was free when my mom made it :/ shoutout to Asian mothers that try to over feed you
I'll just assume there's pulled pork under there.
Yes. I like everything about this. LOL. Did you add some liver paste for some extra action? Oscar Meyer sells some at your local grocery store. Enhances the flavors by Level 1000.
You gotta be kidding me.... ugggggggggggggh I want food so badly and then I see this and now I want food even more now because of you OP this looks so amazing and yes this is the worst runon sentence you'll see today but I don't give a damn because that looks absolutely delicious 
A person with a giraffe sized mouth could fit that monstrosity in its mouth maby
Looked at this quick and thought it said brahmin...been playing a little to much fallout 
man i think i played too much fallout... just read brahmin style sandwich
Bánh mì is on the precipice of going mainstream.
Stop fucking up tradition
Needs less cultural appropriation.  ;-)
Not really Banh Mi just because you use that bread and put cilantro in it...
Great photography.

Terrible sandwich.

that is for certain Italian flat leaf parsley on that sandwich, check the label  or smell it at least when you buy herbs dingus.
No fish sauce,,, this guy's a phony
Close but no cigar, crappy baguette
I don't know what you've been eating but the banh mi means According to Wikipedia, banh mi I eat always has pickled radishes.
There's a whole lot of soap on that sandwich of yours. 
so... you made sandwich style pulled pork sandwich... Good Job? ;P
[Bánh Mì = Bread]
Hey man, you want some pulled pork with your parsley?? 
half that sandwich is gonna fall out as soon as you move it.
why do people slice the wrong side of a roll ? 

must taste great though, banh mi with lots of veggies and a nice savory meat always tastes great
Get rid of the green stuff and it will taste a lot better.
You tried to make a twist to an exotic dish? best get ready for some food snobbery drama.
Is that cilantro on top? I love cilantro but idk that seems like a bit much and overpowering 
For those that are curious, it's pronounced 'beng me' in the north or 'bun me' in the south. 
I just dont understand how people try to eat that ! You should get some pork to go along with that coriander.
No paté, no pickled carrots and radish
Why did you put the ingredients outside of the sandwich?
More like Bahn Mi to the bathroom, amirite?
Thats flat leaf parsely and not coriander isnt it?  And what's the yellow stuff?  

Oh and you forgot to pitch-shift the photograph.  Schoolboy error on here.
Is it really pronounced "bang me"?
so you made yourself a sandwich styled sandwich? thats what banh mi means
No fish sauce,,, this guy's a phony
Coriander is for taste and shouldn't look like a substitute for Lettuce. 
How are  you going to fit that in your mouth without all the 'toppings' falling off? That said I would eat that !
SOON YOUR CREW WILL BE SERVING SANDWICHES NAMED AFTER ME

VIETNAMESE STYLE, FOOL, **PLEASE**
Is that cilantro? That's way too much cilantro, that sandwich is gonna taste like soap. 
The Coriander NEEDS to go!
how are you even suppose to eat that fucking thing? you cant get your mouth around it. 
Why is there cheese on it?
Jeez, so much cilantro wtf
If anyone is interested in the recipe we use at home[ you can find it here](http://thesecretlifeofbee.co.za/brazilian-cheese-bread-pao-de-queijo/).
So *that's* what I've been getting at Fogo de Chao!
OMG they serve these at the Brazilian steakhouses by me and I always fill up on bread. Now you're telling me I can eat these in the comfort of my own home!!!!
I was born and grew up in brazil. Whenever I hear anyone mention pao de queijo I go to my happy place. It's the inner fat kid in me that Instantly remembers my mom making them as well as brigadeiro. Those along with Guarana were like key foods in any celebration. 
The only thing better than a pão de queijo, are two pães de queijo!
There's a Brazilian buffet called *Fogo de Chao* that has unlimited cheese bread and it's amazing.

Edit: Not to mention all the unlimited meat.
Have you tried eating that with requeijão?
Brazilian from Minas Gerais here. I firmly believe pão de queijo can bring us world peace. It's just that good. 
As a Miner, I approve this post.
Brazilian here - this and *coxinha* are the most amazing brazilian snacks ever. Every american should taste these things, your lives would never be the same again
I lived in Belo Horizonte. Pao de Queijo is legend there.
[deleted]
My colombian family makes something very similar to this called pandebonos.
Pao de queijo is fucking delicious 
Good! Now I want to eat Pão de Queijo and I don't have any place who sales tapioca flour near me. Maybe next month. I want to try it with Queijo de Minas but that it's impossible to find in Portiugal!
You have lovely nails
i have a Brazillian wife. These things are delicious.
I like mine with honey or jam
damn it op

now i want tucanos
Some good ole X-Bread.
Those look great. Brazilian cheese bread is delicious. I love the texture and flavor it has. 

I used to work for a local company called Brazi Bites that makes frozen cheese bread. I actually just found out they're gonna be on shark tank on the 20th so I'm excited to see if this recipe will make it to the American market. 
I fill up on these at Tucanos in the first 5 minutes
OH MY GOD THESE THINGS ARE LIKE CRACK
Had this and caramelized bananas at a Brazilian steakhouse.

Holy fuck can Brazilians cook. Holy fuck.
For those who want in on this scrumptious action, buy this.  You won't be disappointed.   I find the Yoki brand to be the best. 

http://www.amazon.com/Cheese-Bread-Mix-Mistura-GLUTEN-FREE/dp/B008L1A0N2/ref=sr_1_2?s=grocery&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1447474225&amp;sr=1-2&amp;keywords=yoki+pao+de+queijo

Source:  Wife's Brazilian.
Take a day old large pão de queijo. Make a Panini with cheese and ham. Thank me later.
My favorite part of going to Fogo. $50 for their cheese bread is a  good deal.
I live in the Portuguese section of my city and once noticed these boxes of "Yoki" on sale. The mix is made with cassava flour and you just add eggs and water. My (Irish /Scot/Dutch) family, none of whom have ever been to Brazil,  loves them, but maybe they're like Canada's equivalent of kraft dinner  and I should make them from scratch instead? 
Hey could you share some more homemade things from Brazil? I am super curious what are the dishes you normally eat at home :)
Had this and caramelized bananas at a Brazilian steakhouse.

Holy fuck can Brazilians cook. Holy fuck.
I have just put my hubby on the hunt for tapioca flour. These are getting made tonight so help me!
Nice, I always like to snack on them. 
saved
Cheese and bread, my two favorite food groups!
[deleted]
I love those! I make them all the time. Some people aren't a fan of the gooeyness though. 
Pan de Queijo is amazing.  If anyone gets a chance to go to a churrascaria (Brazilian steakhouse) DO IT.  I wouldn't recommend it for vegetarians though.  
Same
I dated a Brazilian that loved making these. I'm a fan
I love this stuff!!!
I found these surprisingly easy to make, although having a mixer to do the beating for you definitely helps a whole lot.  Having the dough on hand to bake up for a quick treat is very dangerous.
that looks so good and I do have tapioca flour in the house!
Can you use other softer cheeses like cheddar?
Ohhhhhhhhhhhh! These are so, so addicting!
Dude! Thank you! I dated a Brazilian girl when I was in high school and her mom use to make these all the time. I'm making some today!
Damn that looks delicious.

I had no idea these were a thing! I might try making them now. To be completely honest I don't think I've ever eaten any Brazilian food. I don't think there's a restaurant close to me that does it!
Pandebono is another style of this bread popular in Colombia/Venezuela. 
Oh gaaawwddddd they use to have something similar at a Columbian restaurant ohhh how I miss those D:
This post needs more upvotes.
Oh man, my mom makes the BEST cheese bread. None of the Brazilian eateries even compare to hers. Now I want to call her up and ask her to make some. Maybe I'll try the recipe you posted and see how it compares.
Mmm Ive been to Brazil...these are so good. 
One of favorites treats.
My Brazilian GF keeps these stocked in the freezer. 

Now if she could just find a butcher around here to cut me off some picanha, I'd be a happy man. 
What's the difference between this and pan de bono? 
I was in Brazil for the World Cup for a couple of weeks. I ate these like everyday. So good.
My girlfriend is Brazilian and she turned me onto these. Soo good. Any other tips to win her love haha
In Madison, WI there's a Brazilian grill, **[Samba](http://sambabraziliangrill.com/information/about-us)**, that will give you a basket of these. They're amazingly addictive.
My neighbor is from Brazil.  She was my favorite neighbor even before making this round ray of sunshine called Cheese Bread.... I love her more and more each day!  :)

Did I miss the recipe somewhere?
One of favorites treats.
You know I am not a brazilian, I am indeed quite far from being a brazilian but man I would be won over in 5 seconds flat after I tasted that bread. 
When I was in Portland last I went to Fogo de Chao, a Brazilian steak house, they had these and they were amazing!!! I'm making this tonight for sure!
Caraca muleke! eu gostooooooooooo
How do you fit a brazilian cheeses into one bread?
I need to marry someone with a passion and talent for cooking. 
Best type of bread ever. Last time I went to Fogo de Chao I asked for another basket and put them in my purse.
Oh i love those things. 
is that the same type of roll they have at Fogo de Chao?  Those things are amazing.
My mom loves making this
I wish it was easier to get Queijo Mineiro here. That was so good in this.
This is called 'Chipá' in spanish.
Some good ole X-Bread.
Lived in Belem for a while,  X tudo was the bomb... I'm so hungry all of a sudden 
One of favorites treats.
Fuck people who need to be won over .  
You gotta get her to learn to make banging Brigadeiro. Then she will be a hit at every single party. 
How big booties are formed. 
By a crazy coincidence, I made the French version of this, gougéres, tonight for the first time! They were so good, I wanted to share them with my friend who has Celiac disease. After chomping down 100 of them, I came to reddit and found this posting the front page! Kismet? I think so. Thank you, Internet stranger. 
Omg. I've only had the frozen ones and they were amazing. Can only imagine how fresh ones taste! 
Yeaaa cheese bread! They are so easy to make. I throw everything in a blender and Pam the mini muffin tin. Fill them like half-way-ish and bake. I like to use sea salt too because it comes to the top and gives them a salty crispy top!
ohh  my gawd i want this in all of my holes
Pan de Bono?
My husband and I spent our honeymoon in Rio de Janeiro. Pao de Quiejo is absolutely addicting. I tried recreating it at home and I can't quite get the same consistency. They come out flat. I use Tapioca flour from Bob's red mill and experimented with different kinds of cheese like monterey jack, sharp cheddar, parmesan, and even feta cheese. 


Saudades! Eu quero!
So interesting food can make people like you. Just like every other animal actually.
cheese bread and coffee for breakfast cheese bread and coffee for breakfast cheese bread and coffee for breakfast cheese bread and coffee for breakfast cheese bread and coffee for breakfast cheese bread and coffee for breakfast cheese bread and coffee for breakfast cheese bread and coffee for breakfast cheese bread and coffee for breakfast
I'm brazilian but grew up in the US, I just introduced these to my husband and he's addicted. Also, this thread made me really happy! Yay brazilian food!
Yum
First time I ever had these was in Bulgaria. Absolutely delicious.
Is your wife also Brazilian or just a dedicated woman?
I use a slightly different recipe, but my whole family loves these.  I have to make two dozen at a time now.
This is called 'Chipá' in spanish.
If you like these, I also recommend to try "pandebono." They are a similar chewy cheese bread, but they use corn masa as well as tapioca so you get a little sweet corn flavor and texture. From Colombia. 
Colombians make something similar too called pandebono. I almost dated a half colombian half brazilian girl when i was 18 and she was 16. She had beautiful blue eyes and more curves than a california winding road. I was waiting for her to turn 18 before i asked her out.

She ended up dating some loser about my same age as me. He got her pregnant at 17, had 2 kids together. My mom and her mom are friends and i heard that her husband is abusive and they are in the process of seperating.
 We are both in our late 20s now. Her mom told my mom she wish i would have been her son in law instead. Her mom showed my mom and me a picture of her and she got fat. I told her mom "tell tour daughter i said hi and i hope things get better for her" and noped out of that conversation. 
My brazilian wife introduced them to me. I America'd all over them by devouring them with buffalo sauce.
I'm going to be the most unpopular at this party and say, I'm wasn't all that impressed the times I've eaten these...I am impressed by how many guys here have Brazilian girlfriends/wives though!
Oh man.  I hope they don't catch that for said screw ups sake. Hahah
The woman at the meats counter used it to murder her husband though.
Man, shouldn't post your barcodes on here, someone will steal your lamb.
The first time I was hosting thanksgiving (one of my first years "on my own") I was in the grocery store getting all the things I needed. I found a similarly-incorrectly priced spiral-cut baked ham (it was an order of magnitude off, like $5 instead of $50.

This was when I was just starting my adult life, so I barely had enough money for things, and it was a huge bonus to find it. I was very nervous at the check-out though, and I put a bunch of things in front of it, and a bunch of things behind it, so it wouldn't stand out as the first or last item. 
It looks like you've got a

*Leg up on them*
Just did that for themself and didn't hide it well enough
That's easily a $40 savings.
Lambtastic!  
Did they notice at the checkout and honor the price or did you just slide through like a diamond thief?
Some meat dept ppl do this on purpose actually. They try to hide it, then buy it themselves at the end of the day
I wouldn't exactly call this "theft" as others have said, but there is definitely some moral grey area here. Did the cashier not notice? 
As someone who worked in a very high volume supermarket in the meat department. This happens all the time. Workers get distracted or just plain old forget, it's just human error at a monotonous job. 
"Someone clearly made a mistake so I took them for everything I could." /r/Frugal_Jerk 
I bet if you tried to sneak through self-checkout with that, it'd throw an error because the system expects the item to weigh 48 grams.
Im a meat dude at a store. A. Id be bummed this got passed me. B. Most of my stuff is prelabeled so this was just in the box and was an oddball. Wasnt centered on the production line. C. You didnt say a damn thing. Id given a discount to a customer on another piece, but thats like a fucking $20 loss right there in a narrow margin department. Cashier shoulda caught it too. 

 
Oh the gift of mismarked meat.
If you find something like this stores typically need to honor the price due to their own personal policies. I work at a store and when that happens typically were trying to get rid of it because it's old. 
You should resell it and make profit!
and its halal! 
We picked up a frozen turkey while shopping. Went to check out. Didn't notice there was a misprint on the price tag. Manager got called over. They gave us the turkey for free because it took a while to figure out things. They also apologized profusely.  We were perfectly happy getting a damn nice turkey for free.
Joke's on you, that's just a balloon painted to look like a leg of lamb
Plot twist.......it was super expired 
And who knows, maybe they'll be nice enough to let you buy it themselves at the meats counter used it to the higher price...
I got a three pound lobster like that once. They weighed the first one, priced it and stuffed it in a bag. The machine reset itself before they weighed the Second one. When it spit out the tag it said 'seafood/$0.00 per pound 3.25 lb-$0.00' That's how it scanned at the register and that's how it appeared on the receipt. 
The price per kg is right the net weight is whats off making the final price wrong.
I guess the employee is gonna get the *silence of the lamb*
Yes, you literally stole it.
person at the register didn't know the difference or didnt bother to care
It expired a week ago though
Would it be considered stealing of you rang that through the self-checkout?
I don't know how this cannot be considered stealing. 
Something for scale? Looks like it's only 48 grams!
Purchased In Quebec?
Surely it was never that price? You're pulling my leg (of lamb)!
"Short Cut Leg"

Sounds like a MMO item that grants +movement

Those foolish workers. Like a lamb to the slaughter
Actually you got it for seventy seven cents. 
Same thing back in the day got a rib eye steak for 77 cents.  Cashier looked and said this obviously cant be right - but if thats what it says then thats what it is.  Things like this would be easier with self checkouts now
Glad you could tip the scale in your flavor... DOUBLE PUN!
I found your helper.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=86hwvNWwSL4
You did notice it's just the shortcut, not the real thing.   
Some people have all the luck. 
Gotta love a cheap piece of leg... :)
My wife works near where you bought this. Are there any more mistakes that my wife can purchase?
The cashier knew it was marked wrong. Her boss was being a dick that day.
A friend and I were driving through town and laughing about how lucky I always seem to be. Just as we pull into a gas station the sign changes from $2.62 a gallon to $2.12 a gallon. 

He has a gift card and the pump still says $2.62. We go inside and explain that the big sign says $2.12 and they walk out and look at it. They change the price for us but don't tell anyone else. 

We got about $5 in gas more than we expected. 

Lucky indeed. 
Taking an accounting class, and in our frauds unit we discussed that this is done by employees trying to get cheap food.
At that price you'd expect leg of "lamb". Good find!
Damn ... So jelly now
Had the same thing happen with some homemade salsa. 54¢ for a gallon lol
Just don't kill your mother with it....
YYMMDD OP said in another comment that this is done by employees trying to get cheap food.
What happened here is the packaging tare weight (48g) was somehow  registered/entered as net weight

Source: work for a food production company
No, you paid 15.98 at .77 a kg. Unless I missed something that that 16 bucks is absurdly cheap for lamb?
My Grandpa used to always buy a huge standing prime rib roast for his christmas eve party.  It would be about 6 or 7 ribs wide.  The year before he died the grocery store really screwed up.  They entered the price wrong and gave him the wrong discount for his club card.  He ended up getting a $200+ chunk of meat for about $25.
Plot twist: OP has no idea how to cook.
dude, you're winning at life right now.
Cashier failed to care
1
So if they got the price wrong...what's to say it's actually a Lamb Leg? 
Or, it's from a very very small lamb!
*Packed on:* $15.98/kg
Was looking through the self-checkout?
Probably no one you knew right?
Whats with the best before date
Wonder if I can take this picture to my local store that guarantee's the lowest prices
Last time this happened to me they looked at me funny and called someone over, taking 10 minutes of arguing between the meat counter guy, the cashier, and the manager before finally charging me full price and pissing off everyone on the line. 
$15.98 * 0.0048 =  $0.76704

Ok, that is a steal
"I was quoted .002 cents per kilogram."
Cure that thing!!!
Yep you're right; you stole it!:(
As a cashier, selling that to you would get me instantly fired 
13 November 2008?

Relevant as today's headlines.


Andy's favorite dish.
I thought it was illegal for a Albertan to eat anything except beef?
So you got that for $.75.  Not bad. Not bad at all.
the definition of a hack
lol
This is in Canada, he was probably just being nice.
I'm almost positive this was done intentionally. Setting the price per kg wrong could definitely be an accident but this was priced at $15.98/kg, that sounds about right. The problem is that it supposedly weighed 0.048kg (which for you non-metric people is like 0.11lbs or 1.7 oz). Either their scale is broken or, more likely, it was never put on the scale.
I can't be the only one who thinks this is a dick move, right?
Or its horse meat...
show us what you did with it!
This is like that time I knew something cost money but then I walked out of the store with it - for free! Hahahaha they should have been more careful, right?! :)
If you look at the label it says the weight is .0048KG at $15.98 per KG. This was a weight error, there's no way that thing only weighs .0048 KG.
Expired last month? 
Looks like you got their before there friend did
Maybe not a mistake like you think. 


When I was a young college buck I had a friend who worked in grocery retail. He used to rig the scale and reprice stuff for us all the time. $0.25 TBones, $0.35 filets, etc. It always looked like someone just put the wrong number in. 


He'd put it in the case for me, I'd buy it and we'd eat like kings. The good ole employee discount. 
And this is why people should be paid MORE to do their job. Perhaps this person would have cared about quality control if they had a fair wage.
The rule is:  if they mess up, mutton wrong with pulling the wool over their eyes.
I wonder if you realize that is theft. I wonder if you care.
thief
That's Whole Foods, giving back to the community.
Can't you read? It says packed on January 5th, 1998. That's why it's so cheap
If you are an honest person, you would have at least pointed it out to them.

If not, I wouldn't recommend bragging about this.
Awesome!!
Receipt or gtfo
so you stole it...
Even the $7.70 you should have paid seems like a steal. 
If I see an obvious mistake like that I always point it out to them rather than trying to take advantage. To each his own.
What the fuck is semi boneless

Either it's boneless or it's not 

What's wrong with these people
Gee. That was lucky.
Seeing that pic reminded me so much of this old video:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kxp8qPEwSXM
This isn't a fuck up, in most stores the items price is regulated by the store, and an employee lowered the price on purpose. If it was the wrong item, I'd believe someone just printed the wrong tag, but the correct tag with a lowered price? Someone lowered it for themselves.
How did they not notice this while ringing it up?
Expires Nov 2008. Goes to prove, if something is too good to be true, it usually is. 
I hope they don't find out about this. You might end up on the LAMB. Eh? EH?
Congratulations! Why does this never happen to me?
There's another name for that it's called "theft by deception". Congrats you stole it. 
Stealing is exactly what you did. 
Fuck yeah dishonesty!

I love it when someone else gets fucked over and I win!
That's a bit dishonest 
Shame shame for not fixing it.
Joke was on you, lamb is disgusting.
This is fake. You work at a store and printed a bogus sticker just for Reddit points. 
all prices are NOT final..its merely a suggested one. people think its the law that something HAS to be sold at the price its marked. this is not true. FYI :)..its suggested. a merchant can change the price at anytime they want..on .77 cents? now its 100.00. now get the fuck out of my store~ 
You probably changed the label yourself and in fact did steal it. 
Congrats, you're a thief. 
What a DUMB post...
Steal is right. The right thing to do would to have pointed it out to the clerk. One small step for humanity. 

I own a business and sometimes things get mispriced. People think we HAVE to sell it for that price. We don't. A human being had a human being moment and made a mistake. A person shouldn't expect to capitalize on that mistake because of karma.
Astaghferallah brother! You should have told them! That's stealing if you know that it's a mistake.
hahaha defrauded a shop hahaha!

hahaha technicalities for the steal! hahaha
How would you feel if your leg was sold for that amount...

Go vegan people!
You see, this never happens for me. I've been hunting for years, and I can never get something like that. I always end up at the store, buying a brand new freezer.
Where can I go cow and chicken hunting? 
Butcher here. We have processed about 250 deer, about 35 to 45 elk, 10 bears and 4 moose. Each job varies in price due to poundage, but when i worked it out, comparing what we charge and the average cost of a pound of ground, it's about a 60-70% savings, INCLUDING the tag. If you can palate venison or wild game (I can't,  i think it tastes absolutely disgusting and smells even worse) you can easily have meat for a good six months out of the year, saving a family of four damn near 3750 dollars a year. Each case is different, of course, but it's well worth it either way. 
Hey, this is kind of a boring question, but would you mind doing a cost breakdown? I've been trying to get a good estimate, but I always forget to keep track of everything. Basically:

* License and tag fees, 
* gun
* processing fees
* amount of meat you got. 

Obviously the gun is a non-depreciating asset (for all intents and purposes), but I'd like to do the math on this hunt in terms of cost per lb.
Nice work! My SO is going out this weekend. Hopefully my freezer will be filled up next week. We process at home, it's a lot of work, a lot of fun. I roast the bones for stock, and make candles with the fat. 
This is why I hunt. Not for the thrill of the kill or because I am "bloodthirsty", as some say. But to provide my family with a year's worth of delicious, healthy, and ethical meat. There are few feelings better than providing for your loved ones.

Edit: [Size reference of elk](http://imgur.com/a/C6JyW) (Warning: graphic, not for vegans/animal rights activists)
Do you have a backup generator? If so, you're going to be one of the last survivors of the zombie apocalypse. 
May I ask how much the butchering cost was?
nice job. Hunting doesn't get much positive attention. I'm glad to see this post climbing. 
Plot twist:  It's the freezer at a slaughterhouse.
That is why I have friends that hunt.  Well, and there are pretty cool people, but yeah it's nice.
Please tell me you make jerky as well.  I think if I ever got a deer I would try to turn the whole thing into jerky.  Sadly I got into hunting through a friend only about 5 years ago and never got a deer.  Haven't been the last few years because we had our daughters and if I can sleep past dawn I have to make it happen.
Nice work man. My in laws and I just harvested 4 moose this past weekend.

We butchered and packaged over 1300lbs of moose and 380 lbs of pork.

It'll feed us for the year.
This is why I fish.
http://imgur.com/7wWnXMx  
So I can show off my manliness to my family and also reddit. haha jk nice haul of meats . 
Excellent.  Me too.  No deer tags filled yet this year.  Plenty of grouse, pheasant, and some squirrels.  One thing to consider is learning to process your own.  It's not that hard, saves even more money, and adds to the satisfaction of harvesting your own meat.
I have absolutely no objection to hunting.  And I think it's great that you utilize the kills for food.

But I don't believe that food is truly the reason you hunt. 

Source:  am a hunter
My wife usually brings home the bacon but she has gotten skunked the last two deer hunts and an elk hunt. I'm dying here! 
This is why I sell freezers.
I need to move to America...
Lady Hunter here. Also I think this is my first comment on reddit. I stopped to say I'm glad to see all of this positive feedback. As a fellow archer there is nothing more insulting than someone judging me for harvesting my own damn meat while they stuff a McDonalds double Mac down their throat. I know where it comes from, what it has been exposed to, and that it hasn't been kept in a cage and injected with hormones. My husband and I have many recipes for venison. Our favorite is grilled backstrap if you can believe it. Marinate backstrap over night in a combination of OJ, Worcestershire sauce, sriracha, Soy and a hint of A1. This allows the meat to soak up some flavor without bombarding it with to much crap then right before you throw it on a very hot grill, salt and pepper both sides. It's heaven. 
Ayy bro, we go back, way back... remember that time on reddit?  Haha that was funny... so when you throwing another grill party, I'll bring some dessert!
Please have me over for dinner!
I used to have friends who hunt. I wish I still had friends that hunt. I miss venison. 
Wish I had someone to hunt for me! I just couldn't do it, not my thing. But I would definitely eat it!
Nice haul! I'm leaving for my hunting trip (deer) in a few hours, I hope I'll be as lucky as you!
So cool. I don't hunt, elk / deer etc usually tastes too gamey for me, but the sight of that freezer full of meat for minimal cost is so satisfying just to look at. 
I also want to start hunting for purely meat related reasons. 
If you have any image boards about field to table, come on over to /r/FieldToTable and share them!
Where do you live OP? I'm in NYC and miss this very much
Lucky bastard
Beautiful sight 
Haven't gotten anything in the last two years :(
I think I'm in love. 
I know where it comes from, what it takes to run that kind of a hobby expense.
Me too
Awesome 
I totally thought this was my parent's freezer. 
Do you keep your bones to stew, or leave them with the butcher?
Man, I haven't had a deer burger in forever :(
Nice.  I killed a big cow elk this year, brought home about 180-200 pounds of meat.  It was the biggest cow I've ever seen or killed.  I kept half and gave the other half to two of my hunting partners that also have families.  That one elk will feed us for the next year and my hunting partners well into next year.  It's the best organic, free range, etc., meat you can get anywhere.  I do all the butchering myself, so the only cost for me is fuel and the tag if you're counting pennies.
That has got to be the cleanest and most organized meat fridge I've ever seen. Kudos to you my fellow carnivore. 
this looks like a couple of my friends fridges and then they just hand me as much as they can when i come visit because they still have meat from last year and need to get rid of it
Same here.  Our rifle season (deer) opens tomorrow morning and runs for 2 weeks.  There will be a lot of meat in the freezer when it's over!  Can't wait!!
That is excellent packaging.  Kudos to whoever does your processing!

Hopefully I will put a couple of whitetails in my fridge during this muzzleloader and upcoming gun season.
You make me happy. I have no issue with people hunting for sustenance and to utilize the meat from their kills. It disgusts me people who hunt for sport and pleasure. 
I don't like hunting.

I don't like killing animals.

I love guns.

I COMPLETELY support your method of getting food :). 

Just cause I'm not down to kill animals, doesn't mean I can't understand hunting's value to others.

Cheers!
That looks so good!
Well sir, I suppose that's a very good reason. 
You know I grew up in a city and whenever we heard gunshots we all were a little scared. We live in the country now and when we hear gunshots I don't even think twice about it. 
This is why I should hunt.
Opening day for gun season is in 2 days here.
Gonna get my ass out there and HOPE I actually see something.
That was great. A full packed ref. For year round consumption.
....can I have some?

I've always wondered, how as a hunter do you know if the animal you killed doesn't have a disease? Is there a way to check?
man seeing this makes we want to get into hunting. I spend so much money on meat that it's ridiculous. 

the issue though is that I don't live anywhere where I can hunt buffalo. That's the only game meat that I like.


Also I get queezy at the sight of blood/organs.

You said your processer does this, do you have tips on finding one? Do they clean the animal too and portion out the cuts?


I'm a woman living in the burbs without a single hunter in my family. I want to learn how to hunt. Can someone suggest a way to go about that?
Mmmm M!
Where can I find local deer hunters to get rid of all these deer on my property? They eat up all my landscaping.
It looks like Blades fridge...kind of.
The decreased chance of a lot more than 250 bucks.
Just curious. How do you go about transferring it to the butcher when they are available to work on it without the meat going bad? Do you go hunting super early in the morning so by the time you down the animal, the butcher will be open and you drive straight there? Do you have to make appointments?
How long does that meat last you, and how often do you hunt?
Looks familiar, minus a few feathered and un-cleaned pheasants and sage grouse.   My dad's game freezer builds up with years of meat that is only purged after the occasional open door or electrical problem.  Most of it is never actually eaten, but it is nice to always have a many year old elk salami at hand.
In my state deer hunter success rate is around 25%. Factor in the morning so by the time you down the animal, the butcher require you to skin it first?
This makes my mouth water. Did you get any jerky you'd be willing to part with?
I don't hunt much, but I do raise my own beef, pork and poultry. I save a lot of money, avoid hormones and antibiotics in my meat
and make a little money selling the offal and hides.
Second shelf down, first item on the bottom left... looks like perhaps sausage that is smiling. I am entirely envious of your freezer!
I respect that freezer full of rummyness so much. My dad hunts deer and turkey.  On holidays we always look forward to his smoked venison and turkey nuggets wrapped in bacon 
What are the costs of the hunt versus the alternative cost of the grocery store for the year?
Congratulations?
I miss the days my mom worked on a dairy farm.  Every year or so they would butcher a cow and we would have a freezer of meat for months!
FIRST BLOOD!
Wyo-Patriot
Having venison in college saves me a whole hell of a lot of money. 
Respect.
Sooooo, is any of that going to be jerky? :)
Lucky bastard
Looks great dude 👍 
Is a deep freezer just a few local businesses and do their books then you can get anywhere.
Montanan here, good job on the elk. My wife and I filled both our deer tags opening day this year, and processed them both and filled up our freezer.
Hunting seems fun.This seems like an even better byproduct of said activity. 
Did you happen to give a guy on a bus in seattle some elk meat and such?
I wish I had some jerky!
This is why I hunt,
This is why I hunt,
This is why, 
This is why, 
This is why I hunt,
I'd like to experience hunting... but that's not a thing in my country.hahaha
Awesome 
This will be my fridge shortly. Go to pick up the 85 lb of venison from the processor and go back out to the stands this weekend. 


Good work, OP! 
Perfect person to ask this question. 

Is there any difference between storing meat in a regular freezer(or at regular freezer Temps) versus a deep freezer in regards to longevity and affects on quality of the meat with time? 
Do you get the skins tanned? Elk leather is amazing and fun to work with.
You have your meat labeled? Do you sell it?
When i use to live on a fairly large Pig Farm we would always have a deep freezer and another freezer like that one full of meat. Never had to purchase meat or dairy products. Had lots of chickens roaming around and every Sunday when we went to the farming community church, most of the farmers came with frozen meat and or milk to trade. 2 pounds of frozen beef or a pound of bacon would get you 3L of milk. Those were the days.
Are those hides in the top?

What do you do with them?
did you package the meat yourself? or some company do that for you?
Apart from the olives, what are the other sundries?
never been big game hunting. Wyoming you probably don't need to drive 6 hours to get to an area you can hunt lol. 

love me some venison steaks or some elk chili.
Badass friend 
All that meat looks awesome! I've never been hunting before in my life but I'd love to learn how. Do you have any tips? I'm not even really sure where to start learning. 
https://imgflip.com/i/u2fxv

Because I'd sell my first born child for some venison snack sticks...
I hunt in my freezer too. So much more pleasant!
Vegans hate him.
Hhhhhnnnnnnggggggggv
[deleted]
Hunting for your own food? Is that an actual thing in the United States? Always thought it was just things people said.
"In Russia. Game hun-"

*Bang* 

"Quack!"
Eerily similar to what Dahmer's freezer looked like.
I wish I knew where I could hunt for Cure 81 Ham.
That's why I shop. You hunt to shoot your guns.
the bloodbank
bloodpacks = 50 hp, people!
Wyo-Patriot lol.

no idea what a conservative would be doing on Reddit
See but exactly, you fucking EAT IT. Otherwise just wtf?
but u just copied a pic from reddit
I can't imagine the electricity bill of running a meat freezer 24/7 makes that a very cost effective method of meat consumption.
My freezer looks like that too. I don't hunt. So.... why?????
😵😲😲😲😱
I wish there were more animals to observe when I go hiking and camping.  Too bad they're all in your refrigerator.  
So you can die of a heart attack? Eating that much meat will really not be nice to your arteries.
Have we moved on from charcuterie?

Looks tasty.
Are there crackers or Italian bread? Something crunchy for all those delicious treats? 
Aww man, I would wreck that plate.
Ok, it's time I ask this question. Can someone explain to me what Italian bread is? Because I'm Italian and I have no clue of what that might be. Like, is it just normal white bread that I can find in any shop here?
Why you against pasta, bro?

Looks great!
I once tried to make this into a grownup lunchable for work, unfortunately its too expensive for me to do every day but I loved it when I had it!
One of my favorite things to eat ever!
What sort of cheese is that?
That poor little lonely cocktail onion
This cheese looks sad... :/
This is my favourite type of dinner! but right now i'm pregnant, so right now i hate you just a little bit.
I could fuck around with that
Growing up in an Italian family, antipasto was ALWAYS part of our big family dinners. If I remember, I'll snap a picture of ours at Christmas. 
You really should cut your own not purchase pre sliced...nice job none the less. Also I have found dried fruits are excellent with this spread.
Please, please. Sir.... SIR! This is /r/food. That's a Charcoochiechercheese platten. You can tell by the presence of dried meat and a camera.......


Seriously though it looks great.
What's the brown thing on top of the mozzarella? 
Good job, I dont see any pasta!
you guys really seem to have a "cheese" problem. 
Is it really that hard to find decent and actual cheese in some parts of the US? 
[This is where i buy my cheese](http://www.kaeseland.com/assets/images/startseite/kaesehead_13.jpg)
Nicely done! I like the addition of the capers. 
looks delicious! :)
Sicilian style!
I recommend a nice glass of nero d'avola wine 
That looks really good. I'm coming over so you might want to make a second plate.
what are those things in the center that look like lentils?
Fucking yum
Charcuterie is French, salumi is Italian and I want to try everything on that plate.
I live in South Korea, and it's almost impossible (or else out of any reason all financial reach) to get quality salted meats and quality cheeses. Olives are possible, but even that is tough. This picture makes me long-sick.
I don't know why but the very first thing going through my head seeing this was "Hmm, yes."
You really hate pasta!
Mmmhhhh. My aunt prepares a few of these platters every xmas.  Can't wait for all that salty goodness!
That looks fantastic! I absolutely love these sort of arrangements. Do you wanna like, date or something?
This platter is ticking all the boxes for me.
What do you have against pasta OP?
I think all of that would be great with pasta actually.
Don't know what this is but it looks good
Separate the meats! They're still stuck together
Is antipasti and antipasto the same thing?

Edit: Nvm Googled it,  antipasti is the pluralisation. 
I absolutely love these sort of cheese is that?
can u eat that without bread? a ton of bread
Honest question. It all looks so salty. Wouldn't it be overwhelming without a ton of bread? 
Looks like everything I can find in the fridge arranged nicely on a platter.

Antipasto, huh... fancy name :-)
I want to be friends with it.  Tell me that there is some crusty bread in the vicinity.  
is this is maui by chance?
"And to finish it off, we'll add a pearl onion!" "Yeah! Wait... One? Like only one?" 










"...yeah."
Can you give the names of everything that you used on that delicious antipasto platter? Would score me some points with my SO's huge Italian family.
Can I move in with you?  
Oh, I could so eat that...
Someone pass me the Ritz crackers, all the cheese and meats are mine.
Wheres the ritz crackers where! I need the ritz crazkers!
This has got me Salivating 
Olive my loveeee! (in my Robert Plant and/or Popeye voice)
You done good. Cornichons! yumm
unf!
ok, you're invited.
i would destroy the life of that proscuitto
Its 2015 and people are still anti pasto, smh. 
In my opinion, capers need a cheese like feta or soft goat cheese
I'm on low carb right now, and would just about kill to have this in front of me.
You read my mind! Last night, I was dozing off and an image of this popped into my head. I said to my husband, "Why do I see so many charcuterie "boards"... why not platters, like Euro style? We have so many serving platters that could be used for this!"... voila, it pops up on my morning browsing session. Amazing.
i'm both propasto and anitpasto.
So what's the pasto platter kook like?
/r/keto just collectively orgasmed
The capers, the tasty, juicy capers!
So, if you ate equal amounts of pasta and antipasto, would you still be hungry?
All I know being an Italian, those artichoke hearts and prosciutto are the first to go.
I too, shop at Costco

Can confirm, no pasta there
Now that's a platter! 
Is that raw bacon or pastrami?
They really make the food on it.
I'm upset that I can't snack on that right now :(
You don't serve cheese in chunks. It'll get dry and the different areas have different tastes and textures. 

Also your meat game is whack. I've seen better looking sausage at YouPorn. Try less and better. More ham, less processed, pre sliced, meat. 
That's a meal right there people.
I found a piece of bread in the fridge.  It was dry. 
The capers, the tasty, juicy capers!
This could brie it !
Looks very delicious.  Just don't let it come in contact with regular pasto, however, or you might risk destroying the universe one delicious fork full at a time.
Looks perfect.
In mah mouuuth
That looks amazing. I'd be all over that salami.

Please tell me you had some baguettes sliced up nearby...
That kind of plate and some good San Francisco sourdough and you have one of my top meals. Very nice!
What time should I be over for dinner?
love antipasti. and also low carb ;)
The only thing I'm not a fan of is olives. Everything else looks amazing though.
Capers to the face with that spoon!
Take away the olives and it's perfect! What is the green stuff in the centre?
Beautiful! Simply beautiful!
Very nice!! So hungry now 
this looks orgasmic 
Looks yummy. Not a big fan of the plate though. Ever consider buying more colorful ones? They really make the food stand out. 
Personally, I think a big minimalist square dark colored ceramic plate would really make that cheese and salami pop.
Oh man, I would destroy that, and it would destroy my ass the following morning, but it would be worth it.  
Edit:  Due to the number of downvotes, I have to assume I am the only person in this thread that gets the shits from large amounts of cheese and preserved meats.  
That's funny, in Australia we call that the "You're gonna fuckin regret that in the morning" platter.
That looks disgusting. 

Only the cheese looks good. 
What a coincidence my salami rocket is extra virgin 

Edit: I don't want to be one of "those" guys but someone just spent real world money on me do so I feel some sort of obligation to leave an edit that's actually longer than the original comment that ends in thanks for the gold kind stranger 
When I was in Germany I asked the waitress what a rocket was in very broken German. I think she thought I was mentally challenged. 
Rocket?
The pizza but looks good but damn those side of keys looks even better.
Team Rocket checking in.
Salami Rocket http://imgur.com/w5iZmbg.gifv
How can i make it ?
I guess i'm not alone in liking rocket. 
Rocket and sunchoke tastes like burning!
Salami Rocket ;)
Drizzle some balsamic reduction in that bitch
I have an virgin's salami rocket covered in extra oil for you. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Keys are for scale?
Mmmmm. Salami rocket.
man...I am hungry.
I misread that as salami rocket.
Thanks for this. Might have to make it. 
Reddit olive oil.
Nice! Try subbing prosciutto and toss a bit of goat cheese on there. Super simple but very delicious.
Over a certain temp, olive oil has lost its goodness. Use Rapeseed for higher temps
*DUDE!*
FEED IT TO US!!!!!!!!!!
And keys
The key to good pizza is right there. 
and cheese?
Rucola is so awesome, with toasted pine nuts, Parmesan and basil it's my favorite combo. Can put that on spaghetti or even just some toasted garlic rubbed ciabatta with some nice dried ham.
Hey, hey, I got yer salami rocket right here!
Who looked at the thread comments because it said "Salami rocket"? You know who you are.
Not exactly pretty but it's yours 
I'm so hung over and this looks like heaven right now. 
upvote for keys! love those!
"Salami rocket"
Looks nice but.. I'd need at least two or three of those to fill me. 
Rocket?  Where? Rocket!
Salami and olive oil, on a pizza? Sounds tasty but it must be pretty greasy.
Im surprised how much I like rocket on pizza, I made a pizza the other week..sundried tomatoes, cheddar AND feta because I roll like that and various meats. Took it out the oven and emptied a bag of rocket on the pizza, beautiful.
Anywhere I could find recipe? That looks sooooooo good rn.
You going to eat your keys
"Salami rocket"
Everyone knows the uglier a pizza is, the more delicious it is. It's basic physics.
Salami Rocket ;)
"Salami rocket"
Cold pizza is gross. I don't care if it photographs better.
..with car keys included
With a side of keyring mmmm
Throw some sesame oil on there next time. You won't regret it
Those keys look delicious!
Uncultured American story incoming!

My fiancee and I were in Italy last year, and we keep seeing menu translations with "rocket salad". We could not for the life of us figure it out. Next time we had internet access, we Google the Italian word, thinking that maybe it was a weird translation error. Nope. "Rocket". I finally order something with it, and it's a dark-greens based salad.  Tastes good, so I'm happy, and we left it at that.

This was 14 months ago. Today I finally learned that the Brits refer to Arugula as rocket.
"Salami rocket" as far as I could read into the post before giggles started 
I'll give ya a salami rocket!
[deleted]
TEAM *ROCKET*! 
Just got back from Italy. Didn't know what rocket was, so I didn't order it. Found out what it was today. Am now regretful. 
With a side of car keys!
Somehow I read this as the price of salami and olive oil skyrockets, and I almost shivered in fear. 
I never thought of putting leafy greens on a pizza but it actually makes a lot of sense now that I'm thinking about it.
Was the key there to make a size comparison like a banana?
Salami Rocket http://imgur.com/w5iZmbg.gifv How can i make it ? You get the women.... wait sorry thinking of something else.
An outdoor god
How anyone can eat or enjoy rocket is truly beyond me. I guess my palette just isn't refined enough to tolerate those disgusting, bitter weeds.
zomg looks delish and authentically italian
delicious and Very nice.
I don't see any rockets on there. No missiles either. : /
+1 for Rocket!
It takes talent to make a pizza look so unappealing and  unappetizing.  
[deleted]
Recipe? O:
Can you add an after picture of the finished product please?
These are fucking delicious, that's all you need to know.
Looks good... But cheeseless pizzas make me need reassuring hugs 😭
[I see your extra virgin salami rocket and raise it by a rocket eating a salami pizza!](http://orig06.deviantart.net/d73f/f/2014/250/f/c/pizza_raccoon_by_toxic_dolls-d7ycofl.png)
New Yorkers call it Arugula. Get it together rest of the world.
Mentioning "extra virgin olive oil" as a pizza ingredient is kinda like mentioning that there's "flour."
Looks great!
SALAME! Not salami. It's One! Repeat: S-A-L-A-M-E.

Font: I'm Italian.

https://it.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Salame
Does anyone really need a recipe for "add food to pizza base"?
Looks tasty but the end of these GIFs always seem offputting.. don't really know why. I guess just imagining how smug they are dipping in that sauce makes me cringe. Who knows.
I've never heard of pre-baking the dough, am I alone in this?
Are these people afraid of seasoning?
no thank you
All these quick recipe gifs have a slo-mo shot of all the filling or topping falling off and then practically drowning it in some kind of sauce.
Ruined it with the ranch. 
So pre-cooked bacon, pre-shredded cheese, a pre-made pizza dough, and then you have to cook your shitty over priced food. May as well just give up and order a pizza.
I was kind of hoping for a dough recipe, throwing food onto dough is hardly impressive.
Not everything needs to be slathered in fucking ranch.  God damned heathens. 
All that and then you ruin it dipping it in Ranch?  Ugg... I won't even put that crap on a salad.

Rubbery chicken yum. /s
This is great and all, but how are you supposed to show the pizza delivery guy your naked body this way?
I'm probably an asshole for saying it but this pizza sucked. First u used bbq sauce both below and above the cheese wtf?? Anddddd you applied mixed cheese to a pizza like wtf bro get some decent quality mozzarella use butter as a base sauce, add ur chicken red onion and bacon crumbles then top that shit with cheddar.. Also square premade dough? Shame on you buy a pizza stone and toss out a real pie.. How dare you earn karma for this blasphemy 
Had me up until the ranch.  Why the fuck do so many people ruin good food with ranch and ketchup? 
They serve something similar to this in my school's cafeteria. There are a few things missing from the one at my school.
Gotta mix the bbq sauce in regular pizza sauce. I think I used about a 2:1 ratio last time I made bbq chicken. Pretty much exactly the same otherwise though.
I don't usually like to knock anyone's attempt at cooking. But unfortunately you lost me with the thought of baking off chicken breast on a pizza (retains zero moisture content), let alone the rest of the dodgy ingredients that went along with it. It's the sort of meal someone throws together after a big night out on the town. Better luck next time
Why is everyone obsessed with fucking sugary sauces and mountains of cheese?
thisiswhyyourefat.com
Every time a gif is posted like this, comments are full of people going, do we need gif for something this simple? and yet 925 upvotes. So clearly some people liked this. How about we stop with those comments?

p.s I neither upvoted nor downvoted this. I saw it went meh maybe if I'm drunk enough one day and moved on. 
Yet another Gif Recipe with way too much fat products mashed up together and the "melted-cheese finale". The barbecue sauce probably hides the taste of every ingredient. Needless calories and a fast food generic taste. No thanks.


/r/GifRecipes 
oh god more GIFs, it's like you think we're too dumb to read a recipe with actual quantities and directions
You should crank up your oven as high as it will go for Pizza.  Place a broiler pan top/lid between your pizza and oven coil to deflect the heat and keep the cheese from burning.  I can do 550F in mine which cooks a pizza in 7-9 minutes.
Swap out the parsley and use cilantro.  Also, just mozzarella and chunks of smoked Gouda instead of that Mexican mixed cheese.  Hmmmmm
Are these Facebook videos all I'm going to see on this subreddit for a while?
I think my ass grew  a 1/4 inch just watching that. 
why does one need to bake it twice?
Why do I keep thinking these gif recipes are going to have something other than canned dough?
Looks incredible. I would change the parsley to cilantro to make it perfect, but I know not everyone likes cilantro.
FOR FUCKS SAKE ITS A STRING OF CHEESE EVERY TIME.
This would be good if you cooked the chicken in Buffalo sauce or a Buffalo/BBQ mix.

Edit: If someone could explain to me why I'm at -1 and the comment below me *agreeing* with me is at +4, that would be great.
Minus parsley, add cilantro and jalapeno. 
What kind of BBQ sauce is that?
I definitely thought, "not nearly enough BBQ sauce" while watching
Does anyone know what kind of BBQ sauce they use at papa johns? I crave this often and would actually make it at home if I knew the brand of sauce.
Not sure how great that crust is going to be. Gotta rock the stone!
1 problem: Not enough onions
Gifs like this are always popular because it shows people how easy it is to cook something. 
Mix that BBQ sauce with regular tomato sauce (60-40), using BBQ makes it overwhelming in taste.
You have to mix the BBQ sauce with an equal amount of tomato sauce or else it sucks 
be sure to have a cardiologist standing by. A set of paddles and a defib machine too.
California Pizza Kitchen invented / perfected this pizza.  Try it there or somewhere that has a good one.   They sell them frozen too. Its my favorite. (less the bacon)
There's no way this video will end with melted cheese...
Whenever I watch one of these quick-recipe gifs I always want it to have an unexpected ending, like the cook suddenly smashing the food with a sledgehammer or something.
I was all aboard until the gratuitous amount of dressing at the end...
My favorite pizza
That ranch dip at the end though. Had me like Cosby on an unattended drink [mhmm](https://i1.wp.com/media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lyj903njNL1qkzq2g.gif)
Did you bake the crust by itself and then bake it again with the toppings ?

And you ruined it by dipping it some random sauce.
Lost me at the barbecue sauce on the pizza. Grody.
We needed a video for that?
i really think pineapple is an essential topping for bbq pizzas. adds so so so much
ugh, no salt or pepper on the chicken?

Looks like nasty canned dough.
Is there a single gif recipe that doesn't end with some dude pulling apart melted cheese?
That was a good dip to pizza ratio you had.
Rubbery chicken yum. /s
Here is one I tried that turned out well https://www.reddit.com/r/Pizza/comments/2nye7q/bbq_chicken_pizza_with_grilled_onions_and_cilantro/

OMG THAT'S NOT PIZZA THERE'S NO TOMATO HOW DARE YOU CALL THAT PIZZA
If you spend 30 minutes making and baking something... don't bury it in a tablespoon of ranch dressing. Just fish out a slice of white bread and scoop ranch into yourself that way. There's less dishes to do and it saves time.
Does it bother anyone else that no part of this "BBQ Chicken Pizza" has ever touched a Barbecue? Perhaps combine [BBQ Pizza](http://www.simplyrecipes.com/recipes/how_to_grill_pizza/), and [BBQ Chicken](http://allrecipes.com/recipe/236901/southern-bbq-chicken/).
After having watched no more than a few seconds I was already anxiously anticipating that money shot of the cheese being slowly pulled apart/dripping out of the crust. 
I know what I'm having for dinner tonight. 

*edit: why the hell am I getting down voted?
Preemade dough? Wtf is this shit
They just *have* to add fucking bacon. 
This would definitely get eaten on a football Sunday in most houses. 
IMO that would be reaaally sweet 

^^^^not ^^^^like ^^^^thats ^^^^a ^^^^bad ^^^^thing
Man I wish I had a gf 
Not everything needs bacon
Disgusting...truly vile.
That looks like shit. Why not shred a Portuguese chicken? And cool with the cheese dude. 
This is awesome I will be trying this soon.
Why in all that is holy, do you pre-bake a pizza base?
This is not a pizza!
You cannot put chicken on a pizza.
Just don't please!
i LOVE BBQ and i also love pizza!! looks so tasty, i cant wait to try it! and i hope it turns out well. 
I will never understand BBQ pizza, totally ruins it for me. The BBQ chicken is enough, but no tomato sauce? Nope, just more extremely salty generic bbq sauce. I am disappoint.
If only they had left off the red onion.
I just made this yesterday and it was delicious. Also made one with steak tips and caramelized onions. Both were great.
I am baffled by people who cook chicken by just tossing it in a pan...and then adding condiments...
These ditzy gifs are getting off-putting because they showcase "recipes" that one would find on that horrible Semi-Homemade Cooking show. If 95% of the ingredients come out of a bottle, bag, or dough tube, do we really need a gif for recombinant convenience foods?

And I agree with /u/tpolaris that the level of smugness you can feel from the closeup of the sauce dip is indeed cringe-inducing
Is it just me or seems too salty.
Does anyone else think chicken on pizza is sacrilege?
God i just watched this again and this makes me sick to look at, if i was fed this i would actually be insulted.
I believe these gifs aren't quite up to par with this sub. We constantly have albums of people cooking from absolute scratch! Why is this the new norm of content? It's literally bbq sauce +bbq sauce and chicken. 
Bravo. The gooey cheese pull shot sealed the deal.
americans generally have no idea how to make good pizza
Just leave the onions off please 
My wife made this tonight.  8/10 was pretty alright.

The pre baking thing worked out real well.
anyone has a source website for all these receipe gif\videos? I see quite a lot of them on this sub!
My wife made me this turned out awesome! http://imgur.com/01IRCyB
These GIF recipes are getting unbearable. If I'm cooking, I'm not going to watch an unpausable video over and over to make what it's showing. I can read, thank you.
BBQ sauace out of a bottle?  Frozen pizza dough?  Those bikits in a can and consant cooking with that crap?  

I'm unsubscribing from all of Reddit's food subs.  This site had so many good food things but now it's just a blitz of this CRAP.  

Disgusting.  Crap.  It's terrible in every way.  I can taste the disgusting Sweet BBQ from here, ugh I'm going to be sick...
Somehow, knowing how this is made makes it even better.
My guilty pleasure is watching any of these videos that pip up on my Facebook feed. 
[deleted]
[Heavy Breathing](http://imgur.com/gallery/NUyttbn)
All the comments on here are similar to the creepy comments on gonwild.
I fear that I have made a grave error by not sharing the cross-section... Sorry, bread-lovers!

http://imgur.com/LTh2Y0F

Requests:

1) recipe

2) crumb pic

Thanks :-)
By popular demand, here's the recipe!  I used Tartine's sourdough recipe which was graciously spelled out in explicit detail by The Kitchn:

http://www.thekitchn.com/how-to-make-sourdough-bread-224367

I used KA unbleached all purpose and found the texture to be perfect, but for a better jaw workout bread flour would be good too.

The starter is part of one that my dad's been maintaining for years and years.  You can make your own but if you have a benevolent friend with an established starter who's willing to share, that's also good.  I wouldn't buy a premade starter.

I took my starter out of the fridge and fed it Thursday and Friday night before making the leaven Friday night as well.  Saturday afternoon I stayed pretty close to the loaf to deal with the multiple foldings, and once the final shaping was completed I allowed it to rise in the fridge overnight (I'd urge you to go this route instead of a 4 hour counter rise... the long cold rise allows for the best flavor development IMO).  The next morning I baked it in a preheated stockpot for 30 minutes covered to mimic the steam injection of a professional baking set up, then for an additional 30 minutes uncovered.  It looks like it could be just shy of burnt in the photo but that's actually the crust you want.  Best part besides stuffing bread down my gullet was sitting next to it while it cooled and listening to the crust crackle... for the love of all that is holy, do not skip this part.

It was even better the second day when the texture of both the crust and crumb converged towards each other.  Despite the title, there wasn't a lot of active labor involved... just a willingness not to rush things.  It was well worth the patience.
That looks gorgeous. I want it...
Don't you mean a labor of loaf... ehh? ehh? okay I'll stop.
[deleted]
Gotta share the recipe on this one! Please? 
Does anyone see the dick and balls or is that just me?
The people over at /r/breadit will appreciate this!
The amount of labor which a loaf represents is almost incredible[.] (https://mobile.twitter.com/horse_ebooks/status/136551285116764160)
I used to run a commissary bakery that makes artisan by hand bread, so please take my advice how ever you want. 

It looks good, but is a bit dark. It looks like a smaller bowle, so try a football type score. One long line down the middle, not too deep but not too light, and then three lighter, smaller scores intersecting the main score. It makes the lips around the score look nice and tick, gives a nice crunchy texture on the top crust and makes it look pretty. also, use simolina on the bottom if you are using a stone, it makes it looks pretty. ;)
Post the how to!!!! Been trying to do it the past year and fail every time :( Put so much time into it only to be crushed when it turns out terrible
Guess what buddy? That looks fucking delicious, fwiend
ohmygod that looks delicious. 
That is a beautiful loaf of bread. I can hear the semi-hollow thump of fingers on it. 
To not post a picture of this sliced at all is torturing me!
When will you be delivering that to my house? 
It's a thing of beauty.
no pic of a freshly sliced piece???
Looks like a solid crust! Congrats. Most difficult part of bread making. Did you use a fancy steam injected oven or was this at home? If at home, please share the cooking method 😍
This comment has been overwritten by an open source script to protect this user&amp;apos;s privacy. 

   If you would like to do the same, add the browser extension [GreaseMonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) to Firefox and add [this open source script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite).   

 Then simply click on your username on Reddit, go to the comments tab, and hit the new OVERWRITE button at the top.
The stuff I would put in your loaf...
Beautiful. That'd be perfect with a hot bowl of stew.
Am I the only one?....

[BEHOLD! THE EYE OF SOURON!!!](http://i.imgur.com/f6un8uJ.jpg)
I would eat that in a heart beat, little butter and honey.  Crust looks very nice.  Enjoy bread baking, I found it very theraputic and my family and friends enjoyed all the bread. Your crumb looks lovely,like something out of a baking book.  A+
I want to eat that whole thing right now with lots of butter and a bottle of BV Cabernet Bosche. Makes me cry, damn it! 
Saw thumbnail, expected cat.   Leavening now.
Buddy this is one of the finest loaves I've ever seen.
The world needs more people like you.
I can smell the grilled cheese already!
It gets easier. I've been making sourdough bread for a few months and will make 4 over a weekend, if I get the chance. Totally addicted. 
No Mister, accent on the Dough
[First thing that came to my mind.] (http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/03133/the-eye-of-sauron_3133429b.jpg)
Awesome! I remember being so excited to make my first sourdough, and then getting so frustrated at how long it was going to take.

Payoff is worth it though!
Tell us about the recipe and technique you used!
Thumbnail made me think it was some kind of nut, or possibly an abnormal growth.  The cross section looks far more appetizing! 
Damn that is some sexy ass bread. 
Well, I'm gonna crumb.
Tetherball anyone? ;D
It's NOT a TUMOOOOR
So that diet where you can't have carbs, anyone on that hates your guts right now. Dear lord that bread is beautiful. 
omg i want
Do you even dough bro?
kinda reminds me of http://i.huffpost.com/gen/1189880/thumbs/o-JESUS-DOG-BUTT-570.jpg?1
The thumbnail looks like a giant hazelnut.
It looks like The Eye of Sauron.
wow, looks great!! Crust and the crumbs are far suprior compared to my first try (which is here: http://i.imgur.com/InAZ3l4.jpg). I am going to bake some later this afternoon, got couple loafs sitting in the fridge that I shaped yesterday.
Doesn't sourdough only last like a day, though? I mean, I love it, but it's so impractical.
Post this in that sub where they like squeezing blackheads. hahaha
Beautiful work! How long did it take? Which recipe did you use and how did you get your starter? Did the flavor/texture turn out the way you wanted? 
My deepest heart's desire is to someday bake a beautiful sourdough bread like this.
I hope I don't get flamed for asking this but would y'all say that it's relatively feasible to duplicate the bread they make at Schlotzski's (sp?)? I just love their sandwiches but I'm living in Japan now and there's not one here...would love to duplicate it at home. 
I thought this was an avocado stone 
Guess what buddy? That looks fucking delicious, fwiend
you are now hooked and will never be able to stop making it.  at least that's my guess, I friggen love toasted sourdough with some butter..
At first glance I thought this was one of those huge fat masses that turn brown that they take off people's legs on my 600 lb life.
That looks stunning, well done!
Are you the guy from /r/relationships who was talking about making sour dough?
Hey whey am I getting a picture of two random women when I hover over the post on mobile?
Nice job
I see JesusChrist there, god bless you.
this is porn for my taste buds
Will this scale well? I'd like you to build me a house
You mother baker.
Can I ask what general region you live in?  I grew up in Northern California and now live in Connecticut and damn do I miss sourdough.  I was under the impression that you just can't make it out here.  Is this something I could learn to bake myself in CT?
That's really beautiful. Can you tell me how you got your starter up and running exactly?

Looks good! 
You mention starter, do you use a home made sour dough, the flavour profile from a healthy sourdough will knock your socks off. I will find my proportions from baking school and send it to you. 

Beautiful crumb and colouring. Makes me want to go home and bake up a beauty! 
/r/mildlyvagina
Looks good :)

One small tip on making sourdough bread. ad some dried fruit and/or honey to the dough as you work with it, it gets really good

Bon appetit 

:)
[Bread makes you fat.](http://imgur.com/gallery/ZvtHJ)
[deleted]
you burned it, you ninny
They look amazing! I just don't make cookies. Cause then someone ends up eating all the cookies.
 [This recipe](http://chubbysoul.com/2014/10/09/salted-brown-butter-chocolate-chip-cookies/)!
Oh man. 
My wife accidentally made these once when we were dating. Somehow she got mixed up and used salt and then sugar to balance it out. 

Freaking amazing. 
Never thought of salty sweet cookies as a possibility in the universe.
Best thing ever. Second only to home made deep fried orange chicken. But still super high up there. 
Definitely trying! 
They look so good! Do you mind sharing the recipe?? 
Looks Delicious 
The new twist of cookies.
I'd eat them all!
Next, try to replace the butter by peanut butter in the cookies. That would be Heaven.
I do not get the salt and chocolate fad. I've never had that combination and not wished it was just chocolate. 
I mind if you do. They're MINE!!!!
The best. Love the sea salt addition 
Salt and chocolate.  An unlikely marriage forged in the fires of HOLY FUCK THEY'RE ACTUALLY PERFECT TOGETHER!!!
Do you mind sharing the recipe?? Not in the bathroom ate them all...
Never thought of salty sweet cookies as a possibility in the bathroom ate them all...
Please keep all the extra salt away from my chocolate chip cookies... I prefer mine not ruined.
for some reason that little bitty lemon wedge on top of that giant fucking meat pancake is making me laugh really hard. its as if its saying "im a *fancy* meat pancake".
That looks like a giant chicken nugget 
Is that spätzle on the right? Mmm. Now I'm hungry. 
&gt;To quote Homer Simpson

OK, I cannot allow this misinformation to stand.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VFKifpMtlNs

What are they teaching children in school these days, anyway?
&gt; "I can't believe I ate the whole thing" 

Ofc you ate it all since it's almost cardboard thin, so although it looks (and is) as big as a vinyl LP, it also happens to be as thin as one. That's why we put the portion sizes in grams next to the price. So you know what you pay for.

Tastes great though. Had my first Viennese schnitzel in 2010.  
Is that pork?   How much?   
What the fuck is going on with your fingers?  They look like the Ice King's nose...
Try the Sacher Torte at Hotel Sacher.
As Austrian I apologize for the idiocy of turning Schnitzel into pancakes. It hasn't always been like this and I hope we go back to the old times when a bite was actually a bite.
Went to Vienna this morning, ordered lunch, and ate dinner?
Hi Doris!
**INVALID SCALE OF MEASUREMENT.**
-
PLEASE USE AN ACCEPTABLE SCALE OF MEASUREMENT:

- Metric

- Banana
I had to look it up.    
http://www.figlmueller.at/en/figlmuellerschnitzel.html
and they say the portions are big in america.
Tis is how they make this delicious food...

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rz2oOnsO5zQ
meh figlmüller....  a better touristtrap.

Source: Live in Vienna
"Excuse me....I believe I ordered the *large* schnitzel?"
Ooooh! I ate there years ago!! The potato salad is amazing as well!
Just the one lemon slice??
Hey! Argie here, that's a milanesa! 
Thanks for confirming in my mind the larger Apple Watch looks awful on an actual wrist
Ich liebe Figlmüller! My parents, brother and my wife and I are going to Vienna the week after Christmas. It will be the first time back since my honeymoon in 2013. We will definitely be stopping at Figlmüller for sure. 
I hate your hand. 
We call those "Elephant Ears" here in Sonora, Mexico. Really good.
At first I thought it was just the lemon...

XD
Er, late lunch/early supper... It was around 15:30h when I ordered this.
"One lunch, please!"
Yeah! That place is awesome.
That looks damn good
What? No banana for scale?
That looks wonderful.  Why can't every American city have a schnitzel place?
Finish your spoetzle!
That puts our Indiana pork tenderloin sandwiches to shame.
Taf
Looks like a pork tenderloin in Indiana
they do veal in that style in Milan as well, albeit without the spaetlze 
What kind of a smart watch is that ?
Using hand for scale instead of a banana? You should be ashamed of yourself.
I thought all the had there were tiny sausages?
Add a (comically small) hamburger bun with mustard, then you have a pork tenderloin sandwich as found in Iowa.
Schnitzel Boogie - Aerial Pink's Haunted Graffiti - http://youtu.be/poS-8bT4g2M 
Oh I see schnitzel and Austrian potato salad!  Yum!   I have no idea how they pound meat out to be that size.  Ive had this very dish and thought the exact same thing when it was brought out. 

I'm in awe that you finished it though.  I got half way through and had to stop.  
\- Hi Vienna!

\- Good morning, Ma'am, what can I get you?

\- Lunch!

\- Right away, Ma'am. Enjoy your lunch.
Title says lunch, description says dinner. Took OP half a day to finish that gargantuan meal.
Excuse me, waiter, may I have a banana for scale?
O em gee. That massive ass watch though. 
You need at least an entire lemon or 2. 
Seeing this reminds me how much I missed when I was in Europe. Vienna is definitely on my list now 
I can't believe you only went for the child's portion!
Mmmmmmm Spatzle &lt;3
Been 10 years since I ate a Viennese Schnitzel. Was fantastic, want to go back.
you ordered lunch... in the morning, so breakfast?  Then posted on imgur that it was dinner. 
Damn...
Banana for scale
Apple watch for scale
I think I went there, was it at the airport?? So delicious!!
Mmm, schnitzel...all I have for lunch is chunky soup.
Love me some Figlmullers!  My wife and I split one and were plenty full.
It's NOT supposed to look like that.

And if that side dish is not potato salad....that's not what is supposed to be the side.
Fatty
What is it exactly?
If you pass Figlmüller there's another restaurant there (sorry it's been two years so my directions suck) called Restaurant Gutenberg and it has the best chocolate pancake that changed my whole world. It's gundlpalatschinken on the menu. Go there. Eat it. Have it with a snifter of grand marnier. Love it. Report back. Have fun!! 
this takes me back to my last trip there, Figlmüllers is amazing! Schnitzel and a big beer with something they called potato salad, that put anything else I've ever had called potato salad to shame. 
Did you have the berries with it?  
This looks delicious. 
Figlmüller is a total ripoff. Congratulations, you've just paid the tourist price!

Source: I live in Vienna.
I did nazi that coming!
dam thats a small plate and some tiny hands
OP has unusually pointy fingers. 
Those fingers creep me out!
Pointy StarFish Hand
"Fancy smart watch for comparison"
You didn't have to eat the whole thing 
Pig
Have you finished it yet?
Congrats man!

I was lucky enough to be taking here while I was backpacking. A friend of mine lived in Vienna and said we had to go. The Schnitzel is great, but lets talk about the patato salad! 10/10
OMG they served an elephant's ear how could they
Let's not get carried away.  It's pounded thin to about a fraction of a centimeter. That's probably less than 16 oz.
That's the size of a toilet seat.
From the thumbnail, i thought it was just a lemon on a plate. 
I always wondered what Schnitzel was and wanted to try it. Now that I know what it is I kind of disappointed. Not that It doesn't look good but in my country it's a pretty common food. We call it bistec empanizado.
I thought that was a big awkwardly shaped place mat with a lemon on it. "Wow. What a rip off" I thought.
One lemon we for that whole thing. Wtf
One diner please! 
i had schnitzel in Vienna and it was amazing.  Lucky OP diner, but, the spatzle i can buy at the grocery. the preparation of the schnitzel is very special and although it doesn't look it, the flavor is rich and light.
Due to my own incompetence, I booked a flight for the wrong month. I found myself stranded in Lisbon airport and was trying to find any way I can to get to Budapest to meet a friend. The route I found,  on my thirty free minutes of Internet in the airport was flying to Vienna and taking a bus to Budapest. I slept in the airport and in the morning flew out. 

When I landed in Vienna I was STARVING. I hurried to the bus depot and purchased my ticket.  The next bus was sold out already so I had ~ 5 hours to wait. As I wandered around a not very nice part of Vienna, I realized it was Sunday and everything was closed.   I was so hungry I eventually found a fast food looking place. The menu had schnitzel and schnitzel XL.  My hunger was monstrous so I opted for the XL.   It ended up being two very large schnitzels, combined being substantially larger than this one. 

He and I both knew the mistake I had made when he brought it to me. I looked at him, he looked at me and grinned. 

I mowed down so fucking hard on those schnitzel, finished them both and I felt absolutely awful afterwards. 

When I arrived in Budapest, I went out drinking and didn't eat until the next day. 

I still like schnitzel despite that
I always thought the "I can't believe I hate the whole thing" was just the Jack Nicholson impersonation from Jim Carrey:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lOQamUVgyTo#t=0m30
ah wheres the cranberry sauce?! :( 
And here I thought the tenderloin was a Midwestern thing.
Ey no potatoes? Should go with some mash? 
You probably won't notice this buried in the flood of comments, but if you like schnitzel and you're staying in Vienna for some days, try out Gmoa Keller! It was my favorite while I lived there - great food, great prices and fantastic atmosphere! :) (and remember to ask for cranberry sauce on the side!) 
Is that fish or a chicken schnitzel?
O em gee. That massive ass watch though. 
As a student in Austria, I would eat Schnitzel for lunch 2-3 times a week. I would say about 2/3 that size, including fries and a drink, 4,20€. 

I love Schnitzel so much, I measure other foods in Schnitzel (1 Schnitzel = perfect, so other foods would be a fraction of a Schnitzel. A good burger might go as high as 0.9 on the Schnitzel scale). I also introduced international Schnitzel day (March 6th) but I don't think it's caught on yet.

Ah, what I would give for a Schnitzel right now.
Hi Doris!
That place is the best! best schnitzels ever
Will someone just tell me what this is already
Only in Austria have i seen Schnitzel like this, the Swiss tend to keep it on the plate and not overhanging. But now i'm hungry at 8:30 in the morning, thanks for that. :( 
Reminds me of cotolette.
In Indiana, this is just a regular tenderloin. Throw it on a bun, add some mustard. 
Had a similar experience once in Germany: I ordered a "Krüstchen" (schnitzel on toast), and I got something exceeding the plate, with all the trimmings on a seperate plate. And, indeed, somewhere under the schnitzel there really was a slice of toast!
Chef is pretty clever. No need to make side dishes. Just stick a lemon wedge on top for garnish and 'ding ding. Pick up'
"hey everyone look at my Apple Watch!" 
[deleted]
Gruss Gott! 
My first thoughts were - you need a banana for scale.  
My second thought was - dam, someone already said that on the imgur comments. 
My third and most important thought was - daaaaaaaaum, that is one hell of a schnitzel!
Well done on finishing it.  
Chicken?
It's a pork tenderloin, a tradition in the great state of Indiana.

Best pork tenderloin sandwich is from [Nick's Kitchen](https://nickskitchen.net/) in Huntington.
Serious redditors must understand that you need to carry a banana for scale.  I have found the best way is to pick up a plastic banana at a floral shop and use that. 
"The meal isnt over when Im full!  The meal is over when I hate myself!"
So you just said to the guy, "One lunch please"?
ELI5 what the fuck is it?  Food of some sort but what?
"Fancy smart watch for comparison"
did it also come with a quart of tartar sauce?
Hopefully your boss doesn't get a hold of this.
The first pecan pie I ever made in my life had this exact same design in it. It tasted great, too. Just like every other pecan pie I had ever had. I was happy and a little disappointed at the same time. 

After that, I came up with a plan to not only make my pecan pie look good, it had to stand out with taste as well. I needed something to make my pie a bit different. I thought for a while.. What makes me think of nutty things... bold things... delicious things...?

Bourbon. 

The next time I made a pie, I used 1.5oz of Maker's Mark bourbon as well as a tsp of Vanilla. 

If you, or anyone else here, hasn't used Bourbon in your pecan pies, give it, forgive the pun, a shot!
Did you first invent the universe ?
When my grandmother made them like this I always thought that they looked like a cockroach party. 
I would be proud to partake of your pecan pie.
Absolutely beautiful!

Did it have that thin layer of sugar along the bottom as well? I haven't been able to get my pecan pie to get that yet 
If you wish to make a pecan pie from scratch, you must first invent the universe.
The only downside: Costs more than raspberry pi.
For the love of sanity, please straighten the top and bottom pecans in the center star.
I dont know what scratch is but there sure are a lot of things made with it. 
Can you do a /r/DIY id love to make this for my girlfriend!

Yep, looks like cockroaches.
Pie from scratch.. imgur with only 1 image. No recipe in comments.

Okay then...
So I almost died from eating pecan pie. I was about 22-23 at the time, woke up on a weekend morning after 4th of July. There was about 1/3 pecan pie sitting on the counter. My dumbass college brain figured "meh, why not" and ate it for breakfast on an empty stomach. About 15-20 mins later I was sitting in a Starbucks parking lot uncontrollably shaking and freezing (mind you it's mid 90s outside). Turns out the later stages of diabetic or hypoglycemic shock include hypothermia and seizures. My fiancé came and got me, we got some food and it passed. Absolutely should've gone to the hospital (or at least bought a coke or something to counteract the insulin) because I could've slipped into a coma if it was any worse.  
Tl;dr don't eat sugar pie for breakfast
One is fun. But eight is great:

http://imgur.com/LJ96OzW

Took about 4 hours of baking, but worth it!
I don't know about you guys, but for me, pecans look like cockroaches..
For some reason, this triggered my trypophobia
Beautiful! Food is truly an art.
it's beautiful
caro syrup or molasses? 
Oddly satisfying. Beautiful job, OP. 
It's so pretty
An OCD Man's dream desert right here!
That's some good looking OCDessert
have you got a particular recipe? :)
Growing up in the South, it is always interesting to hear everyone pronounce the word pecan. Almost anywhere above Tennessee I have been, they say it like "peecan". Down here, it's more like pehkahn.

By the way, the pie looks delicious as hell.
If you're thinking about making a pecan pie, i've decided the most important thing is to brown the melted butter, adds so much flavor.  I made two from [this](http://cooking.nytimes.com/recipes/1014110-rye-pecan-pie) recipe last week, turned out great!
*Smash it.*
this is the kind of pecan pie i like to see, perfect slices without messing the whole damn thing up. IT PLEASES MY (moderate) OCD!
Thought the same exact thing!
Like I needed another excuse to get more bourbon. Making one this weekend! 
Boofy????
If you, or anyone else here, hasn't used Bourbon in your filling and decorate your top any way you would like.
made my mouth water!
Can you do a /r/DIY id love to make a pecan pie i like to put the bourbon in a joking manner.
It's kind of eerie if you think of the pecans as cockroaches
[ " Jeuts " say wrong words in this discussion because here we all follow some rules of respect I don't like the comment of " Jeuts ":  ](https://reddit.com) 
[Letter-B[S]   I really like that explanation regarding Pecan Pie amazing knowledge ......]
Wow you must have busted a nut making that pie.
Perfect design too! 
I don't like the way the pecans are laid out symmetrically. 
It looks like a lot of [rabid huntsman spiders](http://i.imgur.com/jPzRKLq.png) are sleeping on your pie.
Am I the only one who clicked on the picture thinking it was a Pepperoni pizza?
The OCD in me LOVES your pecan arrangement!
The first pecan pie I had ever had.
I needed something to make my pecan pie I had ever had.
The fairest pecan pie in all the land. 
Ahh such a nice pattern on this pie :3 I really wanna mess it up!
But I have to say, this pecan pie I had ever had.
If you wish to make my pie a bit different.
Food porn.
But I have to say, this pecan pie I ever made in my life had this exact same design in it.
At a certain point you're just making the eater feel bad for cutting up that delicious specimen. 
Maybe you should sprinkle a little crack on it, that'll put me in pie rehab.
10/10 would annihilate 
Awesome work of art! Kuddos!
Give me that pie or I'll fucking cut you.
Too pretty to eat! Too big to frame!
looks amazing 
So how's that OCD coming along OP?  :P
Beetle pie.
/r/oddlysatisfying
[According to my observation, Pecan Pie is good for health but I must say you learn from scratch the Course Dedicated to Bicycling/Cooking/Wine in italy cooking classes you guys seriously love it they are specialist in their own field](http://awaitingtable.com/)
"I would be proud to partake of your pecaaaan pieeeee"
But first you must create the universe.
Recipe! 
Inb4 the authentic Mexican food patrol.
Paz loved Pico de Gallo
They look great OP. It's funny -- there's an entire sub dedicated to food, yet we always vote on these submissions based on how the dishes look. It's a shame we never get to see if they're any good or not. 

Authentic or not, this looks damned tasty.
With a side of rice and beans, this is complete.
When you guys cook chicken for tacos, how do you season it? I never know what to use except for like cumin and chili powder.
Pico that isn't fresh is just awful. It just taste way too acidic after soaking in tomato juice for days...
Looks delicious!
Those look amazing right now.
These are wonderfulllll 🌮🌮🌮🌮❤️
Oh, I LOVE tacos! https://youtu.be/CMA1u1JQWlc
Looks so good 
Oh goodness this is delicious looking! Pico looks bomb but the title actually makes me depressed... Ugh winter is here..
jealous.  the cilantro at my grocery store was a disaster this evening.  
Why did i click this. So, so, hungry now. 
Looks too good to be yours.  Looks like a magazine cover!
Probably late to the party, but curious as to the setup for the photo.  I mean, it looks really good! What kind of camera/lens/iphone did you use to take this?
as a hispanic, I approve this picture.
i want
Mmm makes me want some roasted new mexican chiles :D
This is my kinda taco.
Hey Op, come on over to /r/tacos. Much love!
These look amazing! Thanks for posting
Where are you from? Even in sunny northern California the weather started cooling down like a month ago.
We got our first baby.
Even with the cheese, these babies are about 95 calories each, so you can be careful and not make a mess.
As a mexican these tacos remind me of taco cabana or some tex mex dish
Dayum! That looks so good! 
Mother of god 
Dear sweet baby Jesús
Looks delicious. Were I cooking, I'd probably trade the shredded cheese for avocado slices, but I certainly wouldn't complain if handed this! 
I realise this is a silly question, how are you supposed to eat tacos? The crispy ones fall apart after the first bite, leaving me sad and covered in taco mix. 
Hard shells are for plebeians and surfs.
looks good but that bagged shredded cheese gives me the creeps
Stop using hard shells!
Should either cook a chicken or just buy one pre cooked. Works and tastes way better. Should be cheaper as well.
I was waiting for the disaster that necessitated you going to Pizza Hut for Thanksgiving, but instead all I got was mouth-watering deliciousness and brick oven envy.
I can't get over the fact that he has an actual pizza hut. I totally thought the franchise restaurant was going to be somehow tied in recipe wise or failure wise. 
Well, was the all-natural turkey much better than the store-bought?
The turkeys and cooking style look great. 

Any chance your FIL would post (perhaps through you?) this style of construction? Draw out what it looks like and give it away for free to us plebians?
I can't get over the fact that he has knowledge born from that experience.
Is this the gravy that you mentioned?

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BBPsATAziOw

Your FIL needs to have you post more in here! Amazing builds!
Wow, that's really fascinating. Thanks for writing this up.  Makes me long for a big yard and a FIL.
Beans and grapes. Hummm. I must say that's odd but I'll try it.
That's really cool! +1
This is so unbelievably cool. Please post pictures when that summer kitchen gets finished up! 
That was a real treat to read through.  Thank you for sharing the pictures and the story. As a side note, I'm incredibly jealous of the brick oven your FIL has but kudos to him for building it. 
Those turkeys look delicious. This is the opposite of Pizza Hut.
18,144 kilograms btw
Your father-in-law does not fuck around when he gets an idea for a cooking structure, does he?
Looks like we have a homebrewer as well!
What are the costs of building something like that, even half the size of the building? 

And what's the peak cook temp like, 1700*?
Title is kinda misleading, but at the same time..not?
You fed 40 people with two turkeys? Were they all on a diet?
if that small charred area was the only hiccup, i would say this is one successful thanksgiving.  the two turkeys look delicious.  i've never heard of cooking them in this manor.  i also really enjoyed the information and pics regarding the oven.  i would really enjoy building something like that.  
I could pay rent in your summer kitchen.
This is a great post.  awesome cooking space.  
the inside masonry is awesome. It would be even cooler if this was half as big and had a larger, almost "walk in" fireplace.
man, I am a guy with a pretty serious pizza obsession... is your FIL single?
My invite must've gotten lost in the mail /u/seinarcorps . It's okay--I *forgive* you. 


..this time.
The big one's got knee pads!
2 hours plus 24 hours just to turn it on so actually 26 hours.
I guess a brick oven is called a Pizza Hut?  But I bet turkey on pizza would be pretty good
I am a bit jealous of you shack
You know you are hungry when the bricks in the second picture look like cubed bacon!!
looks good.  you should really take the temp at the inner thigh though.
So. Fucking. Hungry. 
I nearly skipped over this interesting post, thinking it was some corporate nonsense - glad I didn't
What is fil don't try to make that a thing 
Came into the thread expecting stuffed crust. Left disappointed. 
Great and talented FIL u have there
love the pizza, hut. tell your FIL amazing job. also hope to see the pictures of the summer kitchen when finished. again stunning
[Reminds me of this](https://vimeo.com/147090389)
This is amazing!
Suggest him getting skylights in the roof of his summer kitchen when it's built to really make it bright and airy
The summer kitchen in the last picture looks so high
what exactly does this have to do with Pizza Hut?
omg i can't believe u cooked your in-laws. 
I'd just like you to know that I hate your FIL for having that and not me.

Great write up!
TIL Pizza Hut isn't just a pizza chain. 
Thought you cooked your turkeys at a pizza hut you owned/franchised because I'm a moron.
Looks awfully lot like Auschwitz for turkeys
Summer kitchen looks like auschwitz
That was a bit because there was a real treat to read through.
Awesome oven. BUT when you cook meat like turkey at a high temp the proteins in the meat tense up and get real tight pushing out all of the juice from your bird. Low and slow with regular basting is still the way to go. Unless you have a frier that will house a turkey.
turkey looks so dry :/
Damnit here I was waiting for a chicken from a literal Pizza Hut. Damn OP!
I'm working on finding the recipe again. It was out of a magazine.

edit: Here is the recipe.

1 pound or so of cod is what I used for the fish. Some may be critical of this but the marinade that follows really flavors it up. Chop the fish into cubes or however desired.

**Marinade:**

1 juiced lime

1 teaspoon ground cumin

1 teaspoon salt

1 teaspoon black pepper

Mix these ingredients together and allow the fish to sit in the marinade for 10-15 minutes before frying.

**Pico de Gallo:**

4 diced Roma tomatoes

½ red onion diced

1 (or 2) jalapenos minced (I leave some seeds in to keep it hot)

2 tablespoons chopped cilantro

1 juiced lime

1 teaspoon minced garlic

Combine ingredients, cover, and refrigerate an hour before using

**Cilantro-Lime Sauce (aioli):**

1 lime, juiced

8 ounce container of sour cream

¼ cup of milk

2 teaspoons minced garlic

½ teaspoon ground cumin

2 tablespoons minced cilantro

Mix ingredients well, cover, and refrigerate an hour before using

**Additional Ingredients:**

Shredded red cabbage

Panko

8 ounces tempura batter using cold water

You can use extra fresh cilantro for garnish as well


After the fish has marinated, dredge in tempura flour that you have set aside in a bowl. Then submerge it in cold tempura batter and roll in panko bread crumbs. Make sure the panko sticks well by pressing it onto the fish. Add the fish to the pre heated canola oil. Depending on how deep your oil is you may need to turn them. Fry until they are golden brown and then remove from the oil and let drain

I get so horny for fish tacos. I dont care if they are served from a food cart prepared by a homeless man. I'll still enjoy them. 

These look delicious. 
Maybe add some cabbage or lettuce?
CABBAGE, DONDE ESTAS
lunch today:

http://imgur.com/AO02uY4
Those look great! One thing to add is to cook those tortillas on a [comal](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comal_(cookware)). They'll be easier to fold, wont' rip and taste much better. *aprovechó!*
with a touch of out-of-focus
Some people just loathe cilantro. I love it. In soups, potato soup especially, it just gets such a good taste. 
This happened to me once too. Taco Bell was closed. Dark times.
fish tacos? what.
NIce i like to make a baja sauce which is half sour cream half yougurt, garlic, onion, paprika,cillantro,  chilli (whatever type your choice) and lime juice. Leave overnight for the full flavour of the chilli to resonate through the sauce. 

Cool and soothing and hot and spicy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yjinzoq8-2c
If you ever find yourself in Austin TX, check out [Torchy's Tacos](http://torchystacos.com/menu/).  They have expanded their chain to other cities but I've yet to eat at one outside of ATX that was of the same caliber. 
Get rid of the cilantro and we have a deal.
another good sauce to use is Remoulade sauce
From the picture, they look greasy. Like the oil was cold when you put them in the frier. I love fish tacos
OH NOOOOO OH MY GOODDDDD 

THIS LOOKS SO DELICIOUS PLS

STOP
Those look like some tasty lightly fried fish fillets
Delicious
Recipe for sauce
Worth the calories
Holy crap I am so hungry...
What is the texture like when eating those ?   I have never had them, I think it would be smooshy like eating a banana. 
Cilantro-lime cream sauce? I don't usually eat fish, but for that I will. 
It may just be how hungry I am, but I'm craving this more than any other /food post I've ever seen. Jesus christ, best looking fish tacos *ever*.
There is no other way to prepare a fried fish taco. You have succeeded where many have failed.
Well I know what I'm making for dinner tomorrow :D
Cilantro ruined it. 
Please deliver OP. These look amazing. 
Makes me wish I loved fish! Looks very appetizing.
Fucking Gods work right here.

I would have wild, crazy sex with you for just one of those tacos.
Can't wait to try! 
Corn tortilla naa...
I've made these a few times..theyre amazing! My family still talk about them to this day. Pretty sure it's Tex Wasabi's fish tacos.
Invite me next time, bro. Help a hungry brother out. ;)
Reminds me of those awesome tacos from Dorado around Union Square, NY. 
Why would you ruin a perfectly good taco by adding vomitleaf(cilantro)?
This is really a great recepie. I liked it. Do you know much calories does it contains? 
Health, Fitness, Wellness Website: www[.]onlineaskblog[.]com
So glad I grew up in a Mexican household. This was basic food.
The greatest American food blamed on the chinese. 6 orders please.
So, it's possible that I'm just really high. But for some reason this reminds me of a [doodle I made on a post-it at work](http://imgur.com/yCfKskE) Does anyone else see it?
Pagan min and Ahjay want it
I just want to jump in there and open my mouth like a vacuum.

[Kind of like this.](http://gifrific.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/patrick-inhale-burgers.gif)
There are two "Chinese" food items that are a ~~panty~~ boxer dropper for me: crab rangoons and the sesame seed ball with either the red bean or lotus paste. If my (imaginary) man brought those home, he wouldn't be able to walk for a month. In fact, I'm having two sesame seed balls with lotus paste right now!
/r/oddlysatisfying 
Where I live, no, I repeat NO Chinese food places have these. I have found them at one thai food place. And none of them deliver either. Such a shame.
Will I get stabbed in the shoulder with a fork if I say no?
All I can think when I hear "crab rangoon" is farcry 4 and the secret way to beat the game in 10 minutes. 
 
What's the recipe for the filling?
http://i.imgur.com/4FbXIwT.gifv
I'll be back in 15 mins to post a proper comment, just wait right there, dont go anywhere, keep looking at the crab rangoon.
unf
I used to work at a Hy-vee Chinese. Best part of the job, taking all the food at the end of the night. Worst parts: burning eye brows off with a wok, folding those dam Rangoon's! However there were skeptics being the fact there was a Caucasian (me), Mexican, and a Vietnamese man cooking "authentic" Chinese food. 
I just got chills. Now my mouth is watering.  What is happening to me?
Too fancy. I'll stick to the simplicity of [bananas](http://www.visualnews.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/11/bananas6.jpg)
Last time i had crab rangoon i kinda killed a dictator even tho i only wanted to spread out my mom's ashes. i think i'll pass this time.
I would devour all of them in one sitting.

If a Chinese food place has poor rangoons I don't ever go back, it is the one thing I always get no matter the rest of the order. 
Can I get some without the crab?

If not, I'm gonna need some anti-histamine and epinephrine. 
No Pagan.
May Pagan's light shine upon you all
My parents owned a Chinese restaurant. We made all everything from scratch. Seeing that tray is making me flashback to some rather unpleasant memories... They're delicious but when you spend three hours straight making the same thing over and over again, you go a little insane.
Pagan Minh is pleased
D-d-d-diiiieeeetttbreaker
You should repost this to /r/gaming
It's beautiful
I love crab rangoon so much. Don't do this to me.
The inner fat guy wants this. The outer one wants it too. 
Last time I had Crab Rangoon, I ended up fighting a totalitarian government in Kyrat and spreading my mother's ashes.
I would eat as many of these as I could. Until I passed out or died. That is how much jelly i am have over this. 
ProTip:  You can almost double the amount of crab&amp;cheese if you freeze them overnight.  Being frozen lets the center warm more slowly and they won't explode.   Source:  Thai-Joe's, Milwaukee WI  -(they're gone now, your loss)
The sickest I've ever been was from Crab Rangoon. Four days of violent puking/pooping and chugging Gatorade so that in the next 10 - 30 minutes I could repeat it. Prrrrobably should have went to the ER.. got an IV.  GOOD TIMES, LOOKS DELICIOUS THOUGH

Went to P.F. Changs last night and had a 6 piece Crab Rangoon. 

10/10 would order again. 

Fucking love those things. 
Get in my face hole.
omg I love CRAB RANGOON
I gained 2lb just looking at this photo. More, please. 
Can someone please explain to me what crab rangoon is? 
/r/accidentalswastika 
So addicting.
Pls mercy
yes please
No. Unfortunately I became allergic mysteriously in a matter of 6 months when I was 30. :( I miss this. Makes me want to cry. 
I wish I had two up votes to give!
/r/oddlysatisfying 
Man, they don't even look like crabs!  Why are they called that?
Yes yes yes yes yes
Yes please.
Omg im drooling!!
I think I could eat all that.

I'm like 90% sure.

Needs further testing.
I've only made these from scratch one time. The prep is so tedious but the results are astounding. It's a little more pricey now that I'm out west, but when I was back east 20 minutes from the Atlantic it was dirt cheap. 

Clams went up on my last visit, but now I'm trailing. Nice picture, OP.
sure
Brings me back. I worked at a Chinese take out place for 3 years and during the slow time whoever was the cashier with me would make them. I sometimes would help but usually they didn't trust me. Honestly they get old after awhile. 
...in a perfect world
For those west of the Rockies, those are cream cheese wontons, allegedly with crab meat.
If I refuse, are you going to murder the chef and his family?
trying to distinguish individual ones is r/mildlyinfuriating
Heavy breathing..
Chinese Canadian here, what the heck are these? 
R/oddlysatisfying would enjoy this 
Ill take 18
This should be in oddlysatisfying as well
No, no from your diaphragm!
Now I want chinese.
Yes. 
I just got the biggest food boner.
Hello there, I'm just here to remind you of trypophobia.

You are now disgusted by this image.
I would literally eat all of those.
Crab Rangoon, Everyone.
When she was 6-7? My niece was always making faces when ever anybody ate Rangoons, we finally found out she thought Rangoon was just another way of saying raccoon.
I hate these.
I really really love those things.
trypophobia please.....
PANDA EXPRESSSSSS!!!!!
/r/trypophobia 
Yes...all of it
that precisionnn

hnnnnggg
Had some last night and gained 20 pounds. 
My trypophobia strikes again. 
I unhinge my jaw, snakelike, and ingest the entire tray at once. 
I see my tray... where is yours?
Was this Pei Wei?
Yes, please.
I think my /r/trypophobia just got triggered.
This obviously isn't the crab part, so is this just a tray of rangoons?
yuck, those are gross, no crab in them for sure 
Oh that looks delicious.
I would eat all of them in one sitting. 
R/oddlysatisfying
Crab Ragoon always reminds me of Kröd Mäandoon. 
Mmm fried cream cheese.
The best!
/r/trypophobia 
yuck, those are gross, no crab in them for sure 
It's so pretty!
This is very /r/oddlysatisfying
Anyone else live in the Manhattan, NY area and know of any Chinese food restaurants that sell Crab Rangoon that looks like this? Rarely, I'll find a restaurant that sells them but they're not folded in this satisfying way and thus, taste worse. 
I'm Chinese and I have never seen/heard/eaten this so called Chinese dish before.
But... But, how???
r/oddlysatisfying
I'm reallllly into this.
The American food by choice.
Man, they don't even look like crabs!  Why are they called that?
Yes yes yes yes yes
Those are sooo good but a pain to put together. My fingers were caked with egg every time. 
Favorite 
https://twitter.com/david_j_roth/status/212767135901024256
No thanks ~~Satan~~ Pagan. 
Is this what prep chefs do all day?
I was so confused at the thumbnail. The texture fooled me into thinking this was a mislabeled title in the knitting reddit. Good job OP!
Also spicy peppers were exclusive to the restaurant tomorrow math it out to 8 ounce cream cheese wontons, allegedly with crab cream cheese is about right.
I'll take the tray, a bottle of soy sauce, and a fresh pair of underwear.
 “Dungeon. Us. Crabs? Because we’re in a dungeon? I’m kidding, Crab Rangoon.” -Sterling Archer
No Pagan, bad dictator.
Trypophobia at full alert
I don't get it. It looks nice, I just don't really understand what it actually is. 
This needs to go on r/oddlysatisfying
ok, guys, we were super busy today at the restaurant today. But here is the warning, this Crab Rangoon is going to ruining all other Crab Rangoon you ever gonna get .
so here it is:

* 16 oz cream cheese ( 8oz is not enough for one person)
* 5 tablespoon of sugar.
* 1/3 normal size onion (not green onion)
* 1/2 normal carrot 
* 1/2 stick celery
* 6 crab stick 
* and the super secret ingredient: 
* 1 tablespoon of peanut butter  

* step 1, get a big bowl, put the cream cheese in it.
* step 2, you put carrot and crab stick in the blender/grinder, chop it up to fine size, put it on top of cheese.
* step 3 put onion and celery in the blender/grinder, chop it up to  fine size, at this point, a lot of water will be in the mix, try to squeeze most of the water out,  we have a small cloth bag to do that . put it on top of cheese
* step 3, add sugar and peanut butter
* step 4, you mixed with whatever you want, cheese should be still have its firm texture.

i know most you guys would have to get wonton skin at the supermarket, but the skin we used in the restaurant are a bit thicker, you guy can find it at Asian market  i think.
as far as folding go, the way we fold it on the picture are the easiest way, you just bring the 4 middle part of the wrapper together, with a littler cheese on top the stick together, there is no need to put egg/water on it.

heat oil to 350, put it in slowly,  should only take about 1 minute.  but do depend on your pan/deep fryer size, we normally wait to see a little dark brown on the edge, that's when it's super crispy out side. and heavenly soft and sweet inside.   
Why ya gotta tease a broke girl with this picture?!
This is beautiful. 
Am Chinese, was horrified to learn about the existence of these just today. I mean deep fried cheese is wondrous, and deep fried surimi is acceptable, but why on earth would you ever put the two of them together? :O
Trypophobia
I dunno if this works for everyone. but when i scroll the picture on my PC it looks like the bits are morphing in some way. Have been dooing it for the last minutes now x) [7]
Oh. It's an American dish. Explains why I have never heard of this... thing.
Hate this shape. I dont know why the standard cant be the triangle shape. It has to be some exceptional rangoon for me to order it if it looks like this. Triangle I can just bite in the middle and have a nice mouthful, but this way there's all the hard corners with no insides, just hard and relatively tasteless.
People say Crab Rangoons are Chinese but "Rangoon" is a country in Burma. 

Now called: 
Rangoon = Yangon 
Burma = Myanmar
These things are trash and only trashy people eat them. Perfect example of Americanzing cuisine.
I had no idea, even from the picture, what the food actually was. From searching I found out that it is a cheese made from a combination of sheep/goat (sometimes cow) milk that has a high melting point, which is why you see it fried in the picture, rather than oozing all over the place.

Definitely something I plan on trying!
Grill it, lemon juice and pepper. 
In case anyone else had never heard of it:

&gt;Halloumi/həˈluːmi/ or hellim is a Cypriot semi-hard, unripened brined cheese made from a mixture of goat's and sheep's milk, and sometimes also cow's milk. It has a high melting point and so can easily be fried or grilled.
Halloumi, bacon and egg on a toasted bagel is my super breakfast sandwich. 
In the Caribbean we also have what is called "queso para freir" directly translated as "cheese for frying". Same concept, high melting point incredibly awesome. 

Ohh man, a sandwich with some pastrami, fried cheese, arugula, wasabi mustard and caramelized onions...damn I'm hungry again.
I love Halloumi, got a taste for it when I worked in a Cypriot restaurant. I like it best as part of meze, I brown it in a pan and serve with olives, ham, houmus and some pitta. 
Halloumi is like the bacon of cheeses.
Yes! When I was in Cyprus I practically lived on halloumi and lountza (Cypriot smoked pork tenderloin) grilled sandwiches. So simple but SO tasty!
Mmm, that looks delicious. I would love that with a nice piece of crusty bread.
[deleted]
protip: eat halloumi with watermelon

source:im cypriot
Hi, Everyone
Haloumi is Awesome and it is from Cyprus. I love it grilled but it is also great just to cut and eat, it does have a squeaky noise when you chew it and indeed is addicting.  For people in the US you can buy it usually from international food markets and some super markets. 

Also here is a shameless plug my friend Reno (Orlando, FL) created his own Haloumi brand from his family reciepe and he is importing it. This is not a huge manufacturer and the quality can't be reproduced by huge manufacturers. Also in order to be called Haloumi it needs to be made in Cyprus.

check his site out: [http://www.villagehalloumi.com/home.html](http://www.villagehalloumi.com/home.html) 

I usually buy the red package. I eat it uncooked or I grill it and add it on a pita or Naan and I add tomatoes, onions and lettuce, salt and pepper. 

Let me know if you order and try it, Reno will be happy to know what people think about his product. 

known in our house a squeeky cheese 
Favourite vegetarian sandwich: toasted sourdough, avocado, beetroot relish and hot-from-the-pan haloumi...
It's fantastic battered as well, try it with some chips, mushy peas and gherkin relish.
Try some saganaki as well; similar but with a bit more solid/chewy texture. So damn good. 
Halloumi is like vegetarian bacon. 
Dry fry, no need for oil but do keep an eye on it as it goes from white to burnt in seconds. We have it with dolmades, asparagus, pickled green chilli, flatbread, hummus, tzatziki and a traditional Greek salad.
I hate to say atodaso, but i fucking atodaso!
I have no idea why America is insistent on punishing vegetarians with lousy black bean and tofu burgers when a perfectly reasonable, delicious alternative is available in the form of Halloumi.  It's the worldwide alternative pretty much everywhere else - and I even order them regularly as a meat eater! - but for whatever reason (probably cost, as another poster has suggested) it hasn't caught on here.  :(
I can hardly have it in the house - when I do there's 95% chance I'll devour the whole block. In one go. I fucking bleed for halloumi!
This is the reason I'm not vegan. I will not give up cheese. 
Recipe?
Yep. Absolutely delicious. Trader Joe's sometimes has it and sells it for less than half of what you'll generally pay elsewhere.
I've never heard of halloumi until I moved to the UK, but damn it is so good. I like halloumi and falafel wraps. 
In all honesty, the pictured haloumi cheese is most likely marinated and coated with those green herbs, which could be dill, parsley or mint leaves. They have also been fried. Which makes them even more amazing because haloumi cheese doesn't technically melt. Overcook it and it will go rubbery and squeak in your mouth, take it further and you will end up with dry, chalky cheese. Which is NOT what haloumi is about. 
At work, we have Halloumi with Chilli in it.
Nando's in Malaysia just had a new wrap featuring haloumi and mushrooms. First time I've ever eaten haloumi. And I love it! It's saltier than other common cheese and somehow feels a little meaty? A great substitute for meat in any case.
This is a personal favourite. You should try hot smoking it right after frying for 5 minutes, the amount of flavour it picks up is incredible. I also like eating it with either herb or pepper jelly. 
God, yes!  I introduced my wife to it.  Nicely pan fried and crispy with some lemon squeezed over it.  Heaven!
One of my favourite. If I do steak, while the meat is resting I like to fry it in the same pan with some garlic. Lush!
My old roommate and I used to invite our neighbors out for grilled cheese, then open up the BBQ and give them a slice of halloumi.  Funny every time.
We have a place here in the UK called Nandos, they predominantly sell chicken, but good chicken and they sell grilled Halloumi cheese on the side, or you can have it in a chicken wrap, burger or pitta, this cheese is the closest I'm going to get to heaven!
staple at every bbq! seriously, this makes being a vegetarian easier. 
top tip: soak in water for 30 mins to remove some of the saltyness 

it can be a bit salty

this method also makes it mega juicy
I've been searching everywhere in Florida, since getting back from the UK and trying this magnificent cheese, yet can't find it anywhere. Is there a good substitute of it that I could find or does anyone know of a way to get it here? Seriously, I'd never heard of it until trying it over there for the first time (had a cheeky Nando's) and no one I have mentioned it to here has ever heard of it. 
I cook mine with Greek beer, garlic salt, and hella lemon.
What did the cheese day when it looked in the mirror? 
Halloumi
Squeak! 
I would follow you into battle 
I'm typically not into cheese, but Halloumi is pretty amazing.
We in the Dominican Republic eat something very similar (mostly for breakfast) and we call it "frying cheese" because it cooks so well and keeps it's shape. Often eaten with fried salami and yuca root.
Can't up vote this enough. 
This is called saganaki. You can make it with halloumi or a few other types of cheeses. 
Looks Delicious 
Try it with some honey drizzled over it.
I like to sprinkle paprika on it when I'm frying it. 
Justo is a really similar cheese if you have not tried it already.
The cheese of salty gods. 
Delicious but so squeaky.
Especially great in Döner/kebab! 
I had it not so long ago and it's really great, never heard of it before
Halloumi-moly! 
My uncle showed me that cheese. DELICIOUS!
If you live in Cincinnati, Terry's Turf Club serves this, and its amazing
been frying that ish since the 90's son.
Fry it in sweet chilli sauce, lots of it. Creates sticky sweet salty goodness
Easily one of my favourite textures, and cheese. It's amazing and can be enjoyed in a variety of ways as well as the most simplest. 
Really good with watermelon. 
We call it squeaky cheese in my family. 
fry, squeeze lemon, eat, repeat (until block disappears) 
Great over a camp fire :)
oh ya this cheese is so good fried or grilled
We grill it in the BBQin a "foil boat" with baby tomatoes. It's amazing. 
You can get some of this at samovar tea lounge in San Francisco at the metreon/moscone 
Every summer we have grilled halloumi! D-E-L-I-C-I-O-U-S!!!
This is one of the most amazing things ever

http://s3-media4.fl.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/MOAFjlFnTMQfRdxnJMaZBg/o.jpg

Grilled Cypriot Halloumi Cheese Served Over a Crostini with Warm Apricot Preserves &amp; Fresh Mint
Oh yes it's amazing. To anyone wanting to try it, they sell it at fresh market for $10.
You can find it at lots of grocery stores in the states I buy it at QFC all the time
Cheese of the gods, don't forget to soak it in water for an hour before u grill it 
Grilled halomi is basically the Muslims equivalent of bacon
Put that "squeaky cheese" fried on a sandwich sometime. And cut it up in salad. Excellent by itself with ice cold beer and wine.  You can by it at Whole Foods for the price of your first born child. :) Well worth it. 
I never knew what it was until I moved to the Middle East. It's EVERYWHERE and the absolute best. Halloumi and bacon wraps with mayo and tomato! Mmmmm.
Is it anything like Dominican Queso Frito?
Halloumi is life &lt;3
Paneer is the same idea.  
Doesn't even need any seasoning. Fried on a pan, with some quality pita bread to eat it with...amazing.  
Greek Cypriot-American here.  Can confirm. It's like a group of scientists got together, deciphered the traits that make cheese delicious, isolated them, then grilled them together.  With lemon of course...
Cube it, mix it with some dried mint, and fold into a ball of store bought pizza dough. Bake.  
Makes some ridiculously amazing bread!
Good but so expensive. Sometimes over $10 for a 9oz chunk. 
Cheese you can fry. What a world.
This is a great starter for making abululi cheese which is very very rare. Simply put one small bit of halloimi into a 2ltr bottle of milk and leave it in the kitchen for 2 days. At the end of the 2 days poor off all the clear liquid and put into the fridge for a further 12 days. At the end of that you will have a yellow cheese which is fucking yummy on toast. 
Terry's Turf Club in Cincinnati serves it off menu. Sooooo good with a big burger.
I had never even heard of this until i went to Cyprus to visit some family.  Apparently it is a Cyprus "thing" and OMG was it amazing.

As has been mentioned it is a mixture of sheep and goat cheese and has a really high melting point. You can cook it on a grill like a hamburger and it just browns and crisps!! 

And the taste is amazing.  
The herbs and spices that are mixed in are very important i have learned. Without them it is still wonderful, but they add so much.

Ever since I came back to the states I have searched for Halloumi as often as I can and have only found it in some of the fancier grocery stores, in their Deli department, usually for about 10usd per package (which unfortunately is only about 6oz).

If you do get your hands on some, here is what you do.... It usually is in a package soaking in a brine solution.

-open the corner and let it drain.

-cut the Halloumi into 1/4 to 1/2 inch slices.

-cover both sides of the slices in a mixture of oregano, mint, garlic, onion, dill, bay laurel leaves, basil,and thyme. I would experiment a little and see what portions are your favorite. ( I prefer no dill or mint on mine)

-put a liberal amount of olive oil in a frying pan. Higher quality oils really do improve the flavor.

-Turn the stove up to med-high or high and play the slices in the pan.

-Cook until nice and golden brown on both sides. Flip it like you are cooking sausage patties.

To me it is best when it is still nice and warm. Once it cools it looses a little flavor but is still fantastic.


Enjoy. I think i'm going to go to the store and find some know. 
This is a method of cooking, not a huge manufacturer and the absolute best.
It's usually in the deli section of most of the supermarkets around here (Toronto) Ever since a friend introduced it to us a few years back, it's been a staple part of BBQ season around my house. 
Best thing I've ever done. If you find it too salty, slice it and soak it in water for a little while. 
i fucking love halloumi
I used to work for a restaurant that had deep fried zucchini crostinis topped with that stuff. It was amazing.
Such a pleasant flavor and texture.  A bacon and egg brunch just feels empty without halloumi.
Looks beyond delicious.
I wish halloumi was more popular here (Toronto). It's oddly hard to find. 
Oh my god, I ate halloumi every day I spent in Cyprus, 2 weeks. Divine. 
I never had it until I got to Saudi Arabia, Love it!
Oh god, how I miss Cyprus
I can find it here in the northwest.  Often advertised as Greek grilling cheese.
Grilled it then drizzle with olive oil and lemon juice. Fucking delightful.
How do you get it looking like that. Every time I make it, it looks burnt and horrid. 
Ohh man, a sandwich with some honey drizzled over it.
What did the cheese say when it looked in the mirror ? 

Halloumi 
dear god is that cheese?

What did the cheese say when it saw itself in the mirror?









Halloumi!
HALLOUMI IS ALL!
The awkward moment when you don't know what it is :/ lmao
oh sure i'll just pop down to my local halloumi bakery
Do you like burnt rubber? Because it's burnt rubber.
Yes I have Tate it many times but you should give us the receipt for the food in this picture . sound very delicious
And if you want the best halloumi experience, go to Zahav in Philadelphia.
Ewhgh, the taste is meh and the consistency is that of tire rubber.
But it smells sooooo bad when you cook it.
[deleted]
Don't know why your pronounce it halloum*i* , it should be without the i 

حلوم in Arabic 
Haha this literally the hormel's party tray from vons/grocery store...
this is pitiful, should I post a picture of a straw in a franzia box wine bag and call it an *adult capri sun?*
God this is crappy.
Well, Lunchables was just a mini meat/cheese/cracker tray. 

This is like calling a full sized cake an adult cupcake. 
That Pic is the shittest looking snack platter I have ever seen. Has someone managed to hack the up-voting system?
what the fuck kind of stupid post is this. lol its hilariously bad
This sub is so fucking stupid. Post a steak? Better be cooked absolutely perfectly. Post a hormel tray or in-n-out? Front page. Fucking idiots.
If food was made from plastic, this is how it would look.
I actually expected one of [these](http://i.imgur.com/ZJkZ0NQ.png) Hillshire things that are basically adult lunchables. They're also delicious.
A Lunchables' final form is a charcuterie board.
Where is my fucking juice bag and candy!
So an adult lunchable is 6000 calories worth of cheese, crackers and cured sausages?
That's it.  I'm done with this sub.

A couple of days ago it was WritingPrompts and Atheism.  I thought ExplainLikeImFive would be next, but nope.  Food.
*serves 4 adults, not one.
goremay delee trae
That cheese looks straight up gross.
These things always get a big pop at parties, everyone else tries really hard with other recipes and dips and whatnot, but everyone's food is just a jobber to the Hormel meat and cheese tray.
Marble cheese negates the adult claim.
Where's the juice box of white wine, you basic bitch?!
Sorry, but I think that looks super gross. I'm a European living in North America and I miss real cheese :(
fart city
Except I'm sure the cheese doesn't taste like plastic. 
Ah, the original...
'It's called a tasting. And it's classy.'
If it's not lunchables pizza I don't care.
I was on vacay with my sister and her son (my nephew - a teenager).  So I got one of these for all of us to share at our hotel.  I took a few crackers and cheese and whatnot; poured my sis and I some wine.  We watched some TV for a bit.  

I went back to get some more crackers &amp; cheese, and it was... gone.  The whole thing.  Just *gone*.  I looked over at my nephew and he's all, "What?"
Your sodium level must be as high as the god damn Himalayas. 
Cheddar *and* Colby???
Does that mean capri sun is replaced by alcohol?
I should have bought this today I saw it and contemplated but I didn't get it fuck!!
What a joke. Where did you get that? fucking premade at kroger? # assemblyline heard.
aaaannnd you just reminded me there is a big package of salami in the fridge. Srry bbq friends of tomorrow, I'll make a store run. 
Gross

You'd get more food for less if you actually bought lunchables instead of the hormel party platter you un-original fuck
so much trans fat and processed meat and cheese, one step closer to the grave. wouldn't even touch those.
Crazy to see this on here. I was just at the grocery earlier  and there was a lady that worked there on break I guess sitting on the bench by the door with one of these on her lap going to town.   I thought to myself when I saw her "Damn that lady is doing it right" 
Shout out hormel!
This is me and my best friends go to high food!
Unless it comes with alcohol, these Lunchables can be for anyone.
I had this as appetizers for dinner tonight. Stop following me!
Tis been a lunch and dinner. Delicious none the less
That just looks like a really big kids lunchable. An adult lunchable is a charcuterie board in the same plastic container. 
That is is not food but god damn I eat it anyway.
haha I said that when I bought this exact package when I was craving lunchables at hannifords this is way better of a deal than the tiny pack of lunchables and way better quality 
I thought i was the only one who would by one and it the whole thing as a meal over time...
That's not for one person is it? Though I could most definitely eat that over the course of a day.
Uhhhh no its buying real food. lunchables are garbage.
This is exactly what I thought whenever I pick one of these up.
And what's for beverage?
Adulchables?
Gonna make this! 
Nope its lacking the beer required to replace the capri sun.
What makes lunchables only for kids? And what makes this adult lunchables? Is it the two types of cheese?
That looks incr-edible.
OOH yes!
Is that one of them Big Kahuna Burgers? I hear they make a tasty burger.
You haven't lived until you've had a Burger from Teddy's Bigger Burger
Thats that new Hotwaian burger joint!
Needs beetroot

Source: Australian
I can't go to Hawaii but I should go get Carl's Jr. teriyaki burger.
Do yourself a favor: find a Kua'aina restaurant.
Pineapple? Savages.
Hamburgers in Paradise?
Edit: Cheeseburgers. Thanks, mjmedstarved
First they ruin pizza, now this.
I can't tell where the cheese is.
Brad must have taken this pic
Finally, a burger that isn't 10 inches high!
The thing that really stood out when I went to Hawaii was the pineapple tasted so much better. It's hard to describe but there's less acidity and it was almost like coconut. That burger needs some peanut butter if it doesn't have it too
Yeah, but was it $100?
Surprised they didn't put spam on it.

Hawaiians sure do love their spam.
Is that Cheeseburger Waikiki?
from where?  I'll be there in like 3 days.
You mind if I have some of your burger or the fact that you're in Hawaii.
But I do love their spam.
And the hottie on the side
It's a pineapple slice.
Thats nice but doesnt look half as good as a burger from Burgerista™
I like mine with lettuce and tomato.
Sick fucks
Looks Delicious 
What is the idea behind the pineapple?

Wouldn't  it make your burger soggy?
What will they think of a great Hawaiian burger...
Hawaiian burger...is what we call that here in NZ.
OP Where did you go? Im heading to Pearl Harbor soon and im looking around for something great!
I've had that same burger! So good. I want to go back!!!
Why does the beer ignore how gravity works? And why am I the only one who notices??
Burgers with pinapple are the best. 
the veges to beef ratio is out of proportion. would probably feel like biting into a juicy salad.. ..i hate salad...
was it at a jimmy buffet?
I almost always ask for pineapple on my burger and yet I'm not convinced that I like it. What do you think?
Cheeseburger in paradise. Mmmmm
"Cheeseburger in paradise"
Is that from cheeseburgers in paradise? Love that joint!
So you probable don't want a slice of pineapple and the cocktail umbrella do have their price.
Pineapple is the best burger topping! 🍍
Looks like Wailea, if u stay Maui ask the locals where Sam Satos at, good noodle place
Is that a burger from the Cheese Cake factory in Honu? I had one EXACTLY like that from there, couldn't really walk too fast afterward but tasty
Heaven.
OK
How much did it cost? Just curious what the cost of a burger in Hawaii is.

Is it bad that I looked right by the burger and recognized the muslin blanket in the back? Dad problems.
It's big... I guess...
That'll be $50 sir.
oh damn
Cheeseburger in Paradise?
Hope he orders a sprite.

Iceberg lettuce? Really? Might as well just sprinkle some water on it and call it a day.
It looks like a banzai burger at Red robin...
You could even say you just ordered a cheeseburger in paradise.
There are enough calories in that to last a lifetime, right?
wow thanks for posting, nobody has ever seen a cheeseburger before
Looks delicious.  
Need to know what beer that is
I'm not sure if I'm more jealous of your burger or the fact that you're in Hawaii. Looks fantastic. 
Oh my gosh!.  I'm a vegetarian and I want one of those hamburgers really badly.  
That loaded so slow. Do you understand what just happened?
when I think of a great Hawaiian burger... I think of something like Duane's Ono-Char Burger in Kauai. Nothing to do with pineapple, just a little cross Pacific pollination with a burger soaked in teriyaki and a bunch of chickens watching you eat. 
ok? go write it on your myspace
If you can, the Mana Wheat by Maui Brewing Company is delicious.  Wheat beer brewed with pineapple.  That's all I drank when I was there.  Enjoy, it is a gorgeous state! 
I don't see any cheese
Yep, it's a burger.  A boring old burger.
Pineapple on a hamburger? What will they think of next, pineapple on pizza!?
Make sure you stick to the populated areas. Native Hawaiians HATE haoles (white people). They will try to beat you to within an inch of your life. 
That looks delicious. I know people seem to love runny yolk, but I can't do it for some reason. I would eat that in a heartbeat.
Are you single 
oh yes, you did.
You know what your breakfast bagel sandwich needs?

To be mailed to me. Seriously I will pay whatever postage necessary 
You didn't break the yolk while cooking and just left it in a huge glob? The fuck....
That looks delicioud. How many eggs are in there? 2?
It's disconcerting that you call it a "breakfast bagel sandwich."  What's that all about?  You ain't from the northeast?
That thing is beautiful 
This is my preferred breakfast...and lunch, and occasionally dinner...
I'll take one, please. 
fuck.  i am so hungry now 
Looking filthy, in a good way.
Man I love a good breakfast bagel. I do mine pretty much like that, but then add spinach and hollandaise sauce. Delish.  
All depends on the Internet!
Nothing beats a big, dirty breakfast roll.
The picture reminds me of the greatness. sticky yolk flavored mustache for the whole in the middle makes it unwieldy.
That looks delicious. I would love to eat this.
Do you deliver?
My wife and I made this once with lettuce and tomatoes similar to a BLT. It was amazing! 
Phenomenal. It's almost like back home..
I do the exact same thing
Please open a restaurant in Northeast ohio. I will get breakfast there every day before work. Do it.
How did you cook your eggs? Might be where it cut but there seems to be very little white. Were they swirly poached?
Ove been fasting for over a week and this made me die a little inside. Thanks for the pic :)
egg placement is on point.
i used to make similar sandwhiches, wake up toss sausage and hashbrown patty into toaster oven and bagel into the toaster.

get ready, by the time im ready stuff is almost down. toss egg into pan, fry it up, slapp everything into bagel, 
ketchup, mayo, ghetto american cheese (singles please) , hashbrown, egg, sausage, jalapenos.

BOOM Done.

To the status of the egg, depends on the bread used. toasted bagels do not absorb plus there is a giant hole in the center that the runny egg meets your face easily.

white bread, untoasted  runny yolk. denser or toasted bread mostly hard, VERY slight runny.


Edit - i have one of these at work, has a small pan for the egg, a grate for the sausage patty and toaster for the english muffin. delays toasting so that everything is done at once, cooks with steam!
http://www.kohls.com/product/prd-2271627/west-bend-2-slice-egg-muffin-toaster.jsp?ci_mcc=ci&amp;utm_campaign=EC%20SM%20ELECTRICS&amp;utm_medium=CSE&amp;utm_source=google&amp;utm_product=99834740&amp;CID=shopping15&amp;ci_src=17588969&amp;ci_sku=99834740&amp;gclid=CjwKEAiAstCyBRDiqu75hvnX82kSJACgYI_QGb2r04JIjr1lqGx_59w-RhlfGQzU1vkYEEXUNxRjfBoC0M_w_wcB&amp;gclsrc=aw.ds&amp;dclid=CJL7-sGTqskCFefORAodo1kLyg
Peter Pan Doughnut and Pastry Shop in Brooklyn:

everything bagel w/bacon and cream cheese and everything bagel w/bacon egg and cheese. 

I would eat this everyday if I could. 

http://imgur.com/6DcFta0
I made a breakfast sarn this morning on ciabatta with sausage patty, french style omelette, provolone, and hot sauce.  Buttered the ciabatta and grilled until golden.
"lol" - everyone from NJ
I love making these with asiago bagels. 
Is that an everything bagel?!
It looks delicious but that's near 700 calories.
You forgot to add cheese and ketchup!
So incredible. You must really lack attention if the best you can do for affirmation is post a picture of a bagel sandwich. So hard to make one of those. 
Looks Delicious 
I fuck up eggs so bad :( that looks delicious!
Are those poached eggs? Looks delicious
Love the cook on the eggs
Damn that looks good!
Your reading comprehension skills are on point.
Well you did overcook the yolk but, ho hum.
Too dank.
Damn, OP getting roasted worse than this bird.
I'm also in the niche-meat business and very much support what you are trying to do. But when you intentionally make misleading statements about conventional production, it hurts your credibility, and harms the credibility of everyone else in the industry. 

Your chicken and the methods in which you raise it provide a much valued alternative to larger-scale operations. /u/floridavet already did an excellent job of explaining where you went wrong, next time maybe try and focus on your own selling points rather than in spreading disinformation. 
I'm not saying OP was trying to be misleading, but the words "slaughtered" versus "harvested".  
While this is a lovely post, and your chicken looks delicious, I can't help but point out that it is wrought with misinformation.

The first is trivial, but I think points to the lack of scientific knowledge in the post. You mentioned a sliced knee joint but what you meant is a sliced hock. The knee is one joint proximal (where the tibia and femur meet) while the sliced portion of bone you are referencing is the tarsometatarsus. Furthermore, in large scale farms, the hocks are cut by a machine (and often the birds are eviscerated by a machine) so you can't infer much about cleanliness. Though in general, you are getting leaking intestines in a factory farmed bird and you need to make sure you cook appropriately. 

As for the rest of your post the skin color of a chicken has little to do with quality. It has to do with a) genetics (white skin is a dominant trait while yellow skin is not) and b) types of food as you discussed (the more carotenoids the more yellow.  As for the skin thickness, chicken skin is supposed to be thin in a young chicken (if killed at 7 weeks that would but the chicken in the broiler category where thin skin is expected). Your chicken was older, thus has more fat which gives it a thicker more elastic skin. The feather difference probably has more to do with processing. The chickens are stunned, which relax the follicles, and the machines used are very efficient. 
I would need to know the breeds of each chicken, pasture raised X type &amp; farmed X type is a fair comparison.  But if I used a pasture raised Silkie for comparison, we'd be discussing why the farmed chicken's skin isn't black &amp; that is a bad thing.

Whether the bird was frozen during transport / storage, how long it's been since slaughter, etc are other good things to try and figure out for a fair comparison.  
How much of the discoloration and less bumpy skin do you think is attributed to the chicken being shrink wrapped? That could be a good experiment for you to try. 
A few negatives here:
1) You failed to mention the cost of the farm raised chicken which surely is considerably more.
2) You compare the looks of a factory packaged chicken to one surely not vacuum sealed, frozen and shipped in a truck a few thousand miles.

That said I would love to have fresh free range food both for taste as well as better animal welfare but the fact remains its cost prohibitive for the masses, and the whole "well if more people would start buying fresh it will change things" shtick doesn't really fly because most people can't afford to pay extra just on a principle. This kind of change has to come from regulations, not our wallets.
any data pointing to health benefits of one over the other?  I swear to god if you say toxins or gluten...
To be fair some of this might also be the difference between a frozen aldi chicken and a fresher bird. 
You can get the yellow color from a poor diet too like dandelions. Yellow doesn't mean better quality...perdue does yellow chicken and that can come cheap. I worked in the food industry and many restaurants would complain any time they got yellow chicken. Also the white is usually easier for breading to stick to so lots of users prefer it
I've bought some really low priced chicken at Walmart, and it looked super fresh and plump. 

I've also grew up on a ranch where chickens were slaughtered for food and even those didn't look like that yelllow  goose pimply thing OP posted.

We get it OP, you don't like Aldi.

This post is misleading on so many levels.
Only problem for me would be the price.... I'm sure your pastured chicken tastes incredible. I just can't afford chicken for $5 per pound...
&gt;Furthermore, notice that sliced knee joint. There are three tendons that connect a chicken's foot to its leg.

I think you man ankle. Leg&gt;foot=ankle. The knee is further up between the leg and the thigh (femur).

It's easy to do it cleanly with a small knife, that true. But commercial chickens are processed my a machine, so your assumptions are a bit off.

As for the skin and follicles. The birds aren't the same age, not are they the same species. So again a lot of assumptions made when you aren't comparing like for like. 
"perky follicles."
is it bad that the first chicken looked normal to me, and the second one looked crazy and fake? I've never seen chicken look like that...
This post is pure pseudoscience hogwash.

Downvote me to hell, I'll stand by my statement!
OP speaks like a stupid person that just got swindled by a farmer into buying a bunch of organic chickens 
Someone forgot how many people live on this planet.
&gt; The first thing you notice is the color. Bright, golden yellow... that comes from eating a lot of dark green plant matter, such as grass and clover. Green plants concentrate in animals as yellow-to-orange pigment.

I recently started eating kale and spinach every day. Is it going to change my skin color? (I'm white and very pale)
You forgot to mention that the pastured chicken is inedible because it has the texture of a boot. 
And the price of the pastured chicken?

And why the photography tricks? Two unsymmetic photos of the store bought chicken and a nice symmetric photo of the pastured chicken.

Trickery, your argument failed to convince me.
To be fair, you're comparing a bird from Aldi, which is going to be about the lowest quality chicken you can find. 
So the VERY FIRST POINT you raise is cost, and then fail to address it in your comparison?  And provide zero sources, references, or other information?  What are you doing with your life. 
'perky follicles'

heh heh.
OP do you have a degree in poultry sciences? obviously not 
chicken 1 tastes like chicken

chicken 2 tastes like chicken
To be fair I found the point you made about "Did these haphazard cuts introduce gut pathogens into the meat" to be false and very speculative in nature. The main source of disease in livestock comes from the digestive tract, which is an area far away from these "haphazard cuts." Also the porous muscle fiber of chicken is what salmonella to reside so deeply in the flesh. You say this as if your conventionally raised chickens have a lower likelihood of disease infection. This is simply untrue. Also this is is a good point to mention that while you can eat beef rare, one should always cook all poultry thoroughly.
The chicken I buy is neither blue or yellow, it's white.
[Well with "free range chicken" prices, I will go with the $5.05 bird every day of the week](https://www.google.com/search?q=free+range+whole+chicken+price&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;oe=utf-8#q=free+range+whole+chicken+price&amp;tbm=shop)

Pretty entertaining watching OP trying to defend talking out their ass by talking out their ass. Good stuff.
Unfortunately the whole world cant eat farmed chicken. Hell the whole world can't even eat.
As a hobby farmer, I understand the point this picture was trying to make but it really fell flat. It seemed to boil down the pastured chicken being better because it had more visible follicles and yellower skin and then there was a description that it lived a nice life and lived a little longer than the other chicken. 
Down-voting because you're entire post is very misleading.
is it gluten free

i heard i eat too many glutens 
Sorry OP but you just don't know what you're talking about. Where did you get all of this incorrect information? Did you make it up or have you read this somewhere?
The yellow one looks like the novelty rubber chickens.
I'm surprised nobody is talking about the difference in the way both chickens were photographed. 

The first chicken was taken almost like a mugshot, with harsh lighting and close-up that shows every little detail and imperfection. 

The second chicken was staged and the lighting was not as harsh (hence hiding potential imperfections). I would've preferred a side by side comparison with the same exact lighting and composition. You don't fool me OP! *shakes fists*

Just kidding, I'm sure you meant well and I would definitely choose pastured vs farmed chickens anyday. In Chinese, it's called 走地鸡 or run-land-chicken :)
this post reeks of propaganda
What is the price of the pastured chicken?
I am now dumber for having read this post. 
We know the first one was about $1/lb. How much did the fancy chicken cost?
Pastured chicken skin looks freaky as fuck.
One must ask himself: 

Are we striving to only eat chicken-meat that has lived a long, healthy, carefree life?  Or are we just trying to eat some chicken?
OP made the classic mistake of lecturing people about how they are doing it wrong.
Corn can turn chicken the colour of. Corn.
I think the biggest difference I see is one was quickly defeathered and cut up in a factory by a machine and stored... the other one was delicately done freshly by OP...
is it me or am I the only who wants nothing to do with the 2nd chicken.
I feel like you based this entire post on a generic process vs an animal slaughtered individually. Regardless of how it was raised, of course it will look better in the second scenario. I've never seen a 7 week old bird with almost no feathers.

TIL- rabbit urine can look like blood. 
This reminds me of portlandia. Hope u got a info card on the chicken 
I feel like comparing a chicken at 12 weeks (on black marble with gleaming, immaculate silverware adjacent) to one at 7 weeks is a flawed basis of discussion. Also, there are several confounding variables at play here; you are comparing $30 of something with $5 of something. Yeah, the $5 one will look awful compared to the $30 one.

note: I googled "pastured chicken" and only found a bunch of pre-butchered two-packs for ~$70, so I guessed an unbutchered pastured chicken is $30.
I admit I eat store bought chicken. My budget is not large, and I have no where to raise my own chickens. I have heard many things about the unbelievably poor conditions in which these birds are raised (including free range birds).  I have recently been assisting my Aunt take care of her free range backyard poultry, including meat chickens, laying chickens, meat turkeys, and heritage turkeys, and have been fortunate enough to receive a constant supply of fresh eggs in return. The animals bred for meat are always in poor health and messy. They eat and eat, grow quickly, and if not killed will most likely die soon from a heart attack. Many have trouble just walking. We take as good of care of them as possible, but this seems to be the reality of the breeds raised for meat. As for taste, in my opinion, the home-raised chickens have slightly darker meat and a more "gamey" taste. To be honest, possibly because I've lived my entire life on store bought, I prefer the taste of the store-bought, though I bet they are not as healthful. My aunt had such poor experiences raising the meat birds that I doubt she will again. The heritage turkeys, however, are healthy, beautiful birds, though they will have smaller breasts and darker meat when slaughtered. The egg laying chickens are the best. They are delightful to be around (I say that as a city girl). They seem as happy as a chicken can appear, love following people around, sit on your shoulder, form groups amongst themselves, and are quite cute. I find the eggs to be superior in taste and perform better in baking. Meringues, for instance, whip up much better using my Aunt's eggs. I haven't gotten to the point of becoming a vegetarian, and I doubt I ever will, but those meat chickens are just too sad. I don't know that anyone will read all of this, I just wanted to tell my personal experiences helping to raise chickens, something I never thought I'd be doing. 
My brother has a hobby farm and he started raising chickens a few years ago. His chicken actually has a taste, instead of the bland nothingness of commercial chicken. And fresh eggs are incredible.
NICE TRY CHICKEN LOBBY!
Where can you buy pastured chickens?
Sounds like a ton of broscience.
Sadly, this will affect my chicken consumption in zero ways
I don't appreciate being manipulated.
How much $?
Jeez, this really post really smelt of misinformation because of the way OP was describing the chicken. 

/u/Floridavet laid it out perfectly. 
I'm so used to eating the chicken on top that the one on bottom looked foreign and scared me... 
Well you did buy one from Aldi. The chickens at a place like Kroger or Schnucks, where it isn't ¢95 a pound, are much better quality.
The question laymen like me want answered is this: Is the pastured one healthier?
Nonsense.
Any tips on where someone could buy this clearly healthier poultry and approximate cost?
Sure, I'd love to eat better produce and better meat, but it's what the flavor difference is like.
his name was collin...
What a wonderful world we live in where a customer is free to choose the chicken he prefers based on his own subjective preferences.
I don't think you comprehend the enormity of the chicken industry that allows so many people to have chicken on a daily basis. if we relied on Pastured livestock, chickens would be extinct before the month was out.
It doesn't take a genius to figure out that an animal that has been raised with a better diet and in a less stressful environment will be healthier and more plentiful for you to eat... It's a matter of how much you are willing to pay for that difference 
...yes but, how did it taste?
Why would the giblets possibly be missing from the store-bought chicken? (It says this on the side in the first pic)
mmmmm ...."harvested"
The great thing is there are few places willing to pay $4-10 per pound depending on how you want people to have such strong opinions on things they clearly know little about.
&gt;If a predator grabs it, the loose skin allows it to maneuver and try to slip out of the grip of it's attacker

No. Just...no. But the rest of your post is pretty ok.
"Mr. Perdue developed a method of adding marigold petals and dye to the feed that gave his birds a golden-yellow hue; the characteristic color did not affect their taste, but seemed to please customers and sell birds."

[Cite](http://www.nytimes.com/2005/04/02/obituaries/frank-perdue-84-chicken-merchant-dies.html?_r=0)
TIL chickens have the worst defence mechanism on the planet 
Why no mention of price of the second bird? 
Just follow the money if you want the truth
So what are you trying to convey? I guarantee you both taste good as fuck fried up and one is cheaper. Guess which chicken i am buying OP. 
i hate it though when you get a chicken and it has a blackhead in it's skin, i squeeze it out but it almost makes me want to not cook and eat it. i wanna get it some benzyl peroxide and a good moisturizer with spf to heal it's skin. then i think, "this is a chicken that's dead and im hungry and already have pot and veggies ready to cook with it.....just cook and eat it" 
Poor comparison. You left out the price of the pasture raised bird. That's a huge factor to many people. 
How much of the discoloration and less bumpy skin do you think is attributed to the chicken being shrink wrapped? That could be a good experiment for you to try. 
Fuck, my bio chicken looks like the first one...
Really interesting post.  Incredibly obvious when its pointed out.  Thanks for posting.
Well, you learn something new everyday!
This is quite eye opening.
I didn't see the price for the farm raised bird, at my farmers market a whole chicken is close to $22.00. 
&gt; I still hate it. But I firmly believe that if I am going to feed meat to my family, I must be willing to do the killing.

'The man who passes the sentence should swing the sword.'
You did a great job comparing apples and oranges. 
&gt; Slaughtered


&gt; Harvested

Little things gave away your tremendous bias.
It's not a fair post since the first chicken was probably frozen and thawed and kept in plastic wrap. You have to prepare and store your chicken in the exact same way and then compare them. 

Good science uber alles.
Were they treated the same way regarding freezing, storage methods, brining, and storage time? If not, apples to oranges. 
We were in Italy earlier this fall, specifically Rome, Florence, and Tuscany. All the fowl in the supermarkets had the yellow skin. It freaked me out a little at first, but I purchased one, butchered it, and grilled it and it was amazing. Now I understand the difference. They had plenty of blackfoot chickens as well, but I didn't get one. And yes, they give the head to you in the package. http://imgur.com/eVDGWxx
I'd be interested to see what the parasite load in that pastured chicken was. 
Ahhh, /food, where the post itself gets a ton of upvotes, and then the poster gets downvoted and shat on in the comments.  The gap between silent majority and vocal minority has never been so large.
What breed of chicken do you raise? It looks like a type of Cornish hybrid, but I read "heritage breed" in one comment.
I would go with the first one, mainly because even if the latter option is better, it alone can't feed as many people as the former
&gt;It's skin is loosely adhered to the crevasses as a defense mechanism. If a predator grabs it, the loose skin allows it to maneuver and try to slip out of the grip of it's attacker.

This is bullshit. Loose skin only makes it easier for the predator.
what a terrible post
You're worse than the couple in the show Portlandia who ask too many questions about the source of their meal's chicken.
Propaganda? 

found exact same image:
http://www.google.com/imgres?imgurl=http://static1.squarespace.com/static/550f5e82e4b0fbfc5a5f728a/t/554d78f4e4b01a0eebcb1ed6/1431140673779/&amp;imgrefurl=http://www.tabardfarm.com/&amp;h=747&amp;w=1000&amp;tbnid=UuTbyg7Gw69FRM&amp;tbnh=194&amp;tbnw=260&amp;usg=__9YYT99J3zh_B-H8H7Vq9WAYcAzo=&amp;docid=P1dhc9BItLg71M

on this page: http://www.tabardfarm.com/blog/2015/5/8/pasture-to-plate
r/circlejerk
People eat meat from Aldi? 
Thanks for the info but if you are not making "good food" affordable thats just like telling us how everyone should buy diamonds because they are pretty.
But I want my cheap chicken I care not how it was raised so long as I can put it in my stomach.
love the opinion disguised as facts. nothing you posted changes my mind about this subject, quite the opposite, i now think that people who are leaning more towards going organic, dont really have any more of an idea of what/where/who than anyone else does.
so besides the visual, what scientific data do you have that "pastured chicken" is better, besides taste?
Wow, this is really cool. I've never seen a chicken look like that last photo. That bird is uncooked and it looks more appetizing than most plated chicken
&gt;"That's why rabbit urine often looks like blood."

Just had to throw that in there didn't ya.
Aldi is the dollar store of grocery stores. 

It's like comparing a McDonald's burger patty to a porterhouse from Morton's 
So do you have plans for the Aldi chicken now??
We have free range chickens, the quality of  both the meat and the eggs are far superior to that of mass produced poultry and eggs. Free range and wild turkey and duck also tastes completely different than store bought. 
and....we wouldn't be eating meat (at least not anyone besides the wealthy) if we only raised pastured livestock. 
All tastes the same once its cooked.
That's really interesting. Thank you.
I like how your chicken's feet are holding the knife sharpener. 

Thanks for helping, chicken nugget. 
&gt;harvested

The nice way to say slaughtered. 
So factory bred chicken is less healthy than free range? yadontsay.png

Next would be showing us that drinking bleach does bad things to your gastrointestinal system.
This is a great post, and thanks for putting it together.

Can you go into some detail regarding how these differences affect the taste and consistency of the final meal?
Analyze the content of each chicken. The protein quality and what else may matter. This golded first post is a load of fucking bullshit babbling which doesn't indicate if one is healthier than the other, and uses symantecs with no fucking indication of sources of information for his statement. 
Is 3 months a pretty standard time to raise chickens before slaughter? 
That bird is one of the chickens.
do you have a source from which I could read more about the stuff you wrote about? 
Soooo what you're saying is my Jr. Chicken is golden yellow, soooo it's a pastured chicken. Nice!
The yellow chicken looks fucking weird. Looks better than the first chicken, but those god damn holes are filled with death. Blehhh..
OP, i have a very important question: How does the meat compare between them? Is there any difference when is cooked? 

By the way, nice pictures and explanation. I really like to learn this things so i can search for better ways and sources to feed. Thank you!

It would be great to build our cities in a way we could integrate agriculture again.
How much for the golden bird? 
are pastured chickens within my price range? i assumed birds and other animals in general cost a fair amount when raised correctly. id love to put good food on my table, but sometimes i have to make the decision to put cheap food on it instead. 
&gt;"That's why rabbit urine often looks like blood"

good to know
Modern farming techniques of chicken has ruined chicken for me.  I no longer buy any, and the few times I have in recent years, I've often been quite disappointed with the quality of it as meat and in certain usages, say drum legs, I've thrown all of it away on more than one occasion due to how massively poor that part was for consumption.  Unfortunately it's all about breast meat now and high speed growth, and a lot of things suffer.  The meat is nowhere as good as it once was, and parts of the animal have basically become unusable.  It's a shame for the sake of speed and economics of the industry.


I thought it said pasteurized chicken. I love liquefied chicken.
But which one tastes better? amirite?
Poor chickens :( that last pic looks like a psychopaths table.


What I would like to see in regards to this is a blind taste test. 
yuuuummmmmm...
Ive noticed huge changes in quality when looking specifically at pastured chicken and locally sourced pork. Now I cant eat anything else. Luckily I currently live in a farming community .
I dunno why it weirds me out that the feet are there...
crazy.
That's why you don't buy chicken from aldi
Almost on subject; is there a Reddit group for crappy farming? Not to become vegan or whatever, more to point out bad practice?
It's a subject I like to follow - to truly know what we're eating..
Dammit Reddit! I came here to take a break from working on a report for class on factory farming and the effects it has on the nutritional value of product animals. I stumble on this....
But do the increase in taste actually justify the increased cost? 
When it comes to eating the bird, do the "perky follicles" make much of a difference in cooked texture? 
"The thin, anemic condition of the skin suggests the bird's diet was lacking in high quality protein and the environment was likely caustic with ammonia and dust."

is this true?
Where can I get this "pastured chicken?"
Thanks for the images, I'm not going to eat chicken my while life!
Trader Joe's has the best chicken, tastes like chicken used to taste pre-1990 before 8 lb. Frankenchickens arrived at the regular grocery.
those are some big ass chicken legs
What's with the cleaver? It's only a chicken!
Did the chicken have any friends?
Personally, I prefer my chicken homogenised.
So Aldi chicken weighed at 7 weeks what the pastured chicken did at 12 weeks? In 42 weeks I could have 6 (x5 +1/3 lbs = 32 lbs) chickens from Aldi vs. 3.5 (x6 lbs = 21 lbs).  
Personally I'd prefer to eat an animal that lived a happy live - but I certainly see why it'd make more sense financially to it the cheaper less economical way.
Unrelated, OP, but why do you have three knives out to break down one chicken?
Pastured chicken skin looks freaky as fuck.
Your chicken and a pear.
&gt;That's why rabbit urine often looks like blood.

Well that came out of nowhere and left just as quickly.
I guess the biggest difference between the two is the hardness of the bones. A farmed chicken has bones that u can bite slightly while a free ranged chicken the bones are rock hard(legs)
r/FoodTown
the only way to tell if a chicken is farm or pasture is to look at the fat ratio in the meat. a farmed chicken has a ton of fat. i usually care about this when it comes to chinese roast duck. a pasture duck tastes so much better than a farmed one. you can tell by how fatty the meat is. a super fatty roast duck makes you feel quesey if you eat too much.
I've had free-range mountain chickens, and they have way less fat, darker meat (but that could be due to the breed of chicken), and way more tough and chewy. The taste is pretty good, but I can say that for the general broader public, probably considered less tasty
It's crazy the way we rationalize our "inherent power" in justifying exploiting innocent lives no different than other types of lives we love, especially that its even been proven eating plants is massively better for health, the environment, and poverty.
For 5.00 bucks how do they make any profit. That's just sick. 
&gt; If a predator grabs it, the loose skin allows it to maneuver and try to slip out of the grip of it's attacker.

Clearly not very well
Mad props for doing what you do. It's lots of work but it's definitely worth it. Totally missing our farm fresh eggs from home right now! 
Noodles
The way something is raised and killed determines if I'm going  to eat it or not.... 
I'm going to buy whichever one is cheaper per lb of meat every time.
Can we be friends? 
Looks Delicious 
I don't get how ppl enjoy burgers like this...literally like 8 inches tall...I don't want to have to unhinge my jaw in order to fit the first bite into my mouth
What is the advantage of a thick patty? I've always just designed mine to be a 1/3 lb each and flatter to reach the edges of buns, but only because it's all I've ever known.
Needs cheese.
What technique do you use to cook them all the way through when they're that thick?
I read grill as grill, aka girl.
That burger patty is way to thick
These look so delicious. I am hungry now.
They look delicious.  
Weird question, but, what kind of lettuce is that?
I'll be right over
I hope Ricky doesn't mess with your cheeseburger picnic.  
Looks great!
I would like to be your friend please
Very Bro of you man.
hey its me ur friend
Yum!!
krabby paddy
I have a friend like this. I love him.
Two words ["George Foreman"](http://www.georgeforemancooking.com)! 
And I'm just sitting here wondering: "Why doesn't he just visit her?"
Not criticising your marvellously looking burgers, but am I the only one who prfers not using:

1: iceberg lettuce

2: salad cut into really small stripes

I always use lollo bianco as more or less whole leaves. It's just such a hassle to deal with the falling down pieces of lettuce, and it looks much nicer too.
Gobs of cheese. I like it. I also like the store-bought squishy buns, untoasted. Sometimes it just hits the spot over a fancier brioche. Good old-fashioned style. Glad you didn’t make a hipster burger. 
Those look awesome, I love the stack of toppings...I miss my grill
Replace those buns with bagels. Burgels will change your life! :D
You should have fried the bread a bit or at least done soemthing with it, it looks superdry. The rest of the package is sweet though, so it's a big shame the bread stood out
OP, what kind of cheese is that? Because the only time I see cheese that melts like that is at global burger chains or in the pictures of burgers in America. I'm starting to think it's just a yellow patch of chemicals at this point.
And used plastic cheese. 
Do you live in Bikini Bottom and your friend is a Star?
Ground beef or just nice juicy patty?
Looks good. But why would you use those cheap buns?
Burgers you can't eat yum
That cheese is nasty.
This makes me moist.
Man, those french fries look really soggy. 
That'll make a turd
Who the hell eats macaroni with a burger?!?!? 
Looks pretty damn good...definitely need to take couple of tums afterwards...
Did you eat this in a darkened room by flashlight? There's a bird called the Ortolan in France, where there was a gastronomic tradition of capturing this little songbird, force feeding it then drowning it in Armagnac before eating it whole. The person eating Ortolan did so with their head underneath a linen napkin, ostensibly to capture the aromas, but also as a way to hide one's shame from God. Bon appetit!
Im conflicted...want to upvote for the burger...want to downvote for stove top mac &amp; cheese.
Should have fried the mac and cheese into a patties and placed in between 
You should take a stab at homemade mac n cheese. I spruce mine up with crushed red pepper and paprika.

Burger looks delicious!
Your mac and cheese looks nasty. CRITICISM BITCH
This is like the /r/gonewild of food posts. Obviously sexy burger, fishing for a compliment. 

Can we get a topless pic? You're teasing me with those onions
i'm gonna be straight with you.  those burger patties look like you bought them frozen and preformed.

your lettuce game is weak.

looks like some grilled onions on there, they look fine as far as i can tell.

bun looks cheap and dry, sesame seeds are a McDonald gimmick, don't give in.

kraft mac and cheese is delicious. never let your pantry run out of it.  but don't take pictures of it and show it off.


I would expect to eat this burger at a large outdoor gathering, probably with a side of store bought potato salad and plain lays potato chips (because all the bbq had already been taken from the mixpack) and chase it with a grape flavored shasta.

With a title like that, you're only gonna get pity upvotes. Food looks like instant heart burn. Ugh 
Looks good, one recommendation...Toast that bun.  It will keep it from getting soggy and falling apart while eating that monstrosity
Making me hungry  :)
It's nicely made, but i question the quality of the ingredients, cheese and lettuce.
Is that bagged shredded lettuce and cabbage?
meh, doesnt seem like anything special. 
Burger looks good.

Mac could use some work though.
This has a score of almost +1500...just goes to show you the quality of this sub...
i think you're gonna be ok here
Stillllll no picklesssss !!!!!!
Looks good. Grilled or fried? Charcoal or propane?

If you put it in a more lit area next time the burger wont come out looking slimy in the picture.
Put the macaroni on the burger... 
I'd tackle this! 
Ain't nothing wrong with that. 
hi. im on a stupid diet, but right there on your plate are my two most favourite foods in allll the laaaaaand and i shed a tear just now.
10/10 would wife you. 
Turn your lights on and your flash off next time. Do you eat burgers in the dark?

I would eat this anytime, anywhere. 
Oww yeah 
The burger looks great! The French fries? Not so much.
this looks like a heart attack
Kiq ass
It's like I'm gaining calories just by looking at it. 
Craft dinner
I want this in my mouth.
Nervous about posting food online. Being this socially awkward.
You. My kitchen. Tonight. 

http://imgur.com/IL4bYQa

Here's our for, "Friendsgiving." 

It was 22 pounds.

Edit... actually I think that was last years friendsgiving burger.  That one was smaller than this years.  

There we go... this is this years.

http://imgur.com/kwrBles
I always wonder why people use those cheap buns for burgers. Just because it looks like a Mc Donalds burger?

If I bother making a burger, I will get a least a fresh bun from a backery. 
Oh my god. Fucking gimmie one right now
Nice
Where do you live, and how much ground beef should I bring?
Looks absolutely delicious, especially those onions on top, great work! 
Holy holy holy lord....
looks good
Looks Delicious 
That looks amazing.  But it raises some questions for me.

I have put in a good deal of effort improving my ability to make good homemade "burger and fries" but there is one part that eludes me: "How do you properly deal with wet condiments?"  I enoy a little mayo, ketchup, and homey mustard on my burger.  I put a small amount of mayo on the bottom bun and the ketchup any honey mustard on the top bun.  When I take a bite, either the ketchup and mustard starts to squeeze out or the bun/meat slide apart due to the ketchup/mustard.  I am not drenching the burger, but it seems like any amount I put on makes it too slick.

Any advice a burger veteran could give me?
Don't see why this wasn't mentioned: with burgers, ALWAYS toast the bun. Do what you will with the type of bread, be it sourdough, sesame seed, brioche or something else. For the love of god, however, toast it to golden brown. You can't do a burger justice until you toast your buns.

Also, hot damn I want some Kraft right now
This makes my pussy wet. 
That's a great looking burger. It looks delicious, plus the side of mac is a nice twist.  Keep up the good work!
That combo. Mmm......
My personal favorite for mac and cheese is to throw some bbq sauce in there. Make sure it's a thick sauce but dear god it tastes good
Looks good! Try toasting the buns.
Carbs, fat, and sodium. Doesn't get more 'Merican.
Jesus F. Christ. Also - That's Mac &amp; Cheese right? If from scratch, that also looks cooked to perfection. Don't be nervous buddy, because this looks amazing!

EDIT; [Summary of my opinion of your burger!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ecc0nbg9m-8)
Nice!
That's a tasty burger. 
Damn that looks tasty!
The Mac and Cheese is the real prize
Are those mothafuckas caramelized or just grilled?
So I've been wondering about burgers....shredded lettuce or full leaf? 
The burger looks great, but why mac and cheese?

Is that a thing in the states? Burger+Mac and Cheese? 
I want it in my mouth!
Get in my belly!
Two patties, bacon, lettuce, sauteed onions? It'd be hard for anyone to not absolutely love that burger.

Personally I would have served it with fries, but to each their own.
Holy crap.. the texture on that meat.. the burger itself.. THAT LOOKS DELICOUS AS FUCK. GIVE ME.
looks ok - definitely not healthy LOL
[NSFW] tag please. Really hard for me now
Congrats on the restraint you had in not just piling the mac and cheese on the burger. This trend of "if it's good, it must be good together" needs to fucking die.
You love to cook? Boxed mac and cheese? wat
You put a beautiful burger next to EZ Mac? Tsk tsk
Looks great for anyone that doesn't know anything about cooking.
You basically cooked 2 pieces of meat and half an onion and put them together on a bun with some shady ass burger cheese and precooked sides.
That said, I would love biting in it just to be satisfied with the feeling of a big greasy burger.
WOW! It'll make you fat!  Looks amazing
Ugh, want
I'd order one.
Nothin beats a good burger 
Who's going to criticize a burger
Everything about this image is right. Well done! 
You're a monster for serving that burger with mac 'n' cheese.  The burger does look great, though.
Honestly - that looks really fucking delicious. Everything is the right color - meat looks nicely caramelized, onions are clear/brown, cheese is good. Looks great!
That looks like heaven!!!!! 
I'd hit it!
Burgers are my absolute favorite. And that my friend looks amazing.
Looks pretty damn good to me.
Looks freaking delicious!
Looks like I'll enjoy my heart attack with your burger. Lovely.
Why is the Mac not inside the burger?! I think you are missing out my friend.

Looks really good though.
That looks awesome. Like, screw my diet awesome. Also, cook like you just don't care -- criticismshmiticism. You clearly know what you are doing. Now, is the burger available by delivery? 
I call bullshit.  It all looks like it it from a fast food shop or store bought crap. 
I'd eat it. 
Burger looks awesome, Mac n cheese looks meh
Id eat the fuck out of that burger
Why dont you get some fresh lettuce and not salad mix from a bag?
U just got me so hungry
Add (lots of) pepper to your Mac and cheese. It's a game changer. 

Looks great otherwise.
I guess I would love it :)
Greasy burgers with american cheese gets tonnes of upvotes?! Can someone direct me to a better food sub please?
It's a burger. Seen better. Seen worse.  But still just a burger.   But OP really??  Prepackaged iceberg lettuce??  Ouch.   And my pet peeve is when someone posts something and then never comments to answer our questions.  Like this guy!
[deleted]
Construction looks good. Might want to bump up the quality of the ingredients though... beautiful burgermaking kinda takes a back seat to Kraft boxed mac &amp; cheese and pasteurized processed cheese flavored slices.
Looks great.
Big Mac and Cheese.
That looks like a Big Kahuna burger
On a personal note, please don't be afraid of criticism. The ones who do it with anger or insults are acting out some internal conflicts, which has no relation to what you create. There may be some good points in there, but it may not be worth wading to get them. It's entirely fine to ignore unpleasant people.

The ones to listen to are about technique, presentation and personal taste. Bear in mind there are many ways to make a dish. If you are experimenting with a traditional recipe, people can be surprised if the ingredients change and there are often regional variations of the same food.

Your burger looks amazing and it's making my mouth water. The onions have the black caramelised bits I love, and is that bacon poking out at the top? The beef looks juicy and well-browned. I can smell it from here.

I've never tried mac and cheese. As a briton, your picture looks like the epitome of american food. It's the cheese that does it. We just don't have any cheese with the same consistency. How does that type compare in taste and texture to a hard cheese like a cheddar or Monterey Jack (making a stab in the dark for some US cheese names here), or a soft cheese like brie? I have to say, it looks plasticky and I associate that with weak or fake flavours. That's my british experience though. I'd order your burger or another like it in a heartbeat and I'd love it if I were served it by a friend. I don't like judging by sight alone and I will always try something new.

Thanks for posting. I'm going to make myself some lunch now. You set my stomach a-rumbling.
oh meng Im squirting my sauce
May I ask how you got your patty so nice and flat? 

Mine always grow to some sort of football shape when I grill them, making the whole thing extremely unstable.
That looks like one tasty burger. Great job
Is that kraft mac and cheese next to it? You know that is for children because they don't have a detailed enough palate to tell if something is abhorrent. 
ewh.  i wouldn't wipe my ASS with that nasty burger  

try again op.  
where did you get the square onions
That's some weird fries you got there...
Is that cabbage?
I LIKE WHAT YOU GOT!

Would prefer chips(Fries) though instead of pasta but that's just me :)
Why's the mac 'n cheese there? Only part of the dish I'd rather leave be...
My only criticism is that it could probably feed 3 people, but damn it looks good to have all to myself.
Is that cabbage on it?  Near the bottom there.  Looks like you took a handful of lettuce from a salad mix and put it on there.
The mac and cheese, but Fresh Express iceburg salad mix on a home cooked burger.
patties look great on that burger. I will question your choice of combining lettuce with grilled onions, but that is really a taste choice...

What I will point out is that you need to up your lettuce game. drop the premix salad bs and buy yourself a head of romaine. With it you will be able to chop your own lettuce. You will thank me later.

Finally you need to try to make your own mac n cheese, even if you use Velveeta instead of making a roux and cheese sauce I think you will be surprised with how well it turns out.
Burger looks great! Good color on the patties and it looks juicy and cheesy. I'd pay for it. 
The sesame seed bun adds just the right touch
By god does that burger look amazing. OP, is that boxed mac-n-cheese? For shame! Kidding, I do that all of the time. I spend so much time and effort on the main dish only to realize I have no juice left to put effort into anything else.
This looks terrible. I'll take one for the team and help you eat it. 
Kaz Miller would be proud.
Looks fabulous
The fact that macaroni and cheese is your side dish makes the burger look delicious anyway. Upvote.  
I too make some mouth watering, delicious home made burgers, and I gotta say, I would eat your burger with a ice cold Mexican Coke.  MMMMMMMMmmmmmmmmm.
Looks amazing, but I can't help to think about how amazing that mac and cheese would be on the burger instead of as a side. Good work!
Why do I have an erection right now?
Gourmet 85/15 ground wagyu. Carmelized shallots. Tillamook cheddar. Artisan sesame bun. (Ok, maybe a slight exaggeration)

And still room for dat Kraft dinner. 
10/10 would punch into my face.
How did you have th self control to stop and take a picture without taking a bite first?
I just jizzed a little
No need to be nervous about that burger. Looks like mana.
Is that Kraft Dinner? I fucking love KD... *almost* better than real mac&amp;cheese.
I would love it more if instead of buns you'd make deep fried mac n' cheese "buns"..... srry, its after a long day at work and I'm really hungry for greasy food!

Nice looking burger though ;)
Fuck me sideways
That almost makes me wish I was hungover just so I maximize the enjoyment of every greasy morsel.
I want one!!! 
Great combo. Burger looks amazing, KD could use some extra cheesines though But, overall pretty sweet.
recipe?
Open up a stand why don't u
I would fuck that burger up
Yum!
Man, I love that cheap ass kraft mac and cheese, fuck the haters. The burger looks damn fine too, good job! 
I got the meat sweats just looking at it.
You steam a fine ham.
I'd eat it.
oh,I think is too big for me,do you think you can finish it ?
This meal is for at least 2 persons right?
Da fuck!  This is amazing.. Presently,im dieting.. :( This looks delish... Good Job!!!!
I don't know what that thing on the side's supposed to be, but the burger looks tasty! Could perhaps use some more fresh greens, and some better lighting next time you're hosting a footoshoot.

8/11.5 banananas, would eat.
You should be nervous about Diabetes more than criticism. 
[deleted]
There's nothing to criticise. That looks like a god damn tasty burger.
Why is your food touching. :[
Looks pretty damn good to me.
I'd pay money for it if that says anything about your cooking
Legit looks like something you'd find in a restaurant.
Just wow.
Sorry, this isn't a store bought meat and cheese platter, so it won't get too many upvotes.
How high were you
So. Much. Sour. Cream. 
I am inspired and now need hashbrowns for a project. 

To HyVee!
My drunk girlfriend wishes me to tell you that you are husband material.
Is that a keto crust? Looks delish!
Just seen this on IG and was getting all indignant thinking someone stole your photo till I realized it was the Josh Elkin himself who posted it here as well :) 
finally, an everything-but-the-kitchen-sink concoction that doesn't make me want to puke.  Even the fries look decent.  Good job!
Looking delicious.... yummyyy
Chili Cheese Fritzza
Fuck yea
pretty sure that's just chili cheese fries, except the cheese was hardened into a crust instead of being melty
Nice symmetry. I would have eaten half of this while trying to assemble it.
How'd you make the crust? 
You lost me with the beans.  
EPIC MOOK!!!!!!
I think I love you OP. I'm not gay and I love my wife and kids, but if you don't tell me how you made this, then we might have to become lovers...
Fun!  I like it!
I am making that right now!!!!
This is the best stoner dish idea I've ever seen! Haha
recipe please
dayum
As a New Yorker, HERESY! 

enjoy.
Put me down for a slice of that bad boy!
How dare you show this to me before my regular dinner?
It'd be pretty good on a tortilla.
Has science gone too far?
Looks cool, did it actually taste good?
The new Kids Cuisine bundle? Finally making up for the penguin design changes. Thanks reddit!
RemindMe! February 7, 2016.
Where's the hot sauce?
r/trees may very well appreciate this :)
My god man.  I want.
You sir are a culinary genius. 
You fucking madman. I like your style.
LOL Epic stoner food.
I don't know why I allow myself to browse /r/food at night in bed. 
do you have the recipe for this?  would love to try making it for myself
###SO HUNGRY
My Kraft Dinner I am eating right now suddenly looks very sad :,(. 
That all looks so good! Is fresh pasta difficult to make for a novice? And do I need any special kitchen tools?
Damn Aziz! You've come a long way since your last episode of Master of None!
Is pasta sauce always called 'gravy' in the States?
You should cross-post this to /r/pasta.
&gt;veal (tortured baby cow)

My sides...
13 hours, 700 upvotes. Meanwhile a lunchables plater will get you 3000 upvotes in half the time.

This should be a top post for this sub. Fucking default man.
That looks incredible. All of it. My gah
Looks awesome, great job. It's been a while since I made homemade pasta, I think I'm going to do it soon and make some spaghetti carbonara.
I spent my twenties cooking for and managing a mom and pop Italian restaurant.  We made fresh pasta and scratch sauces.  I like your style.  Proper Aglio e Olio is the food of the gods and not enough people know that.  

This didn't teach anyone how to do anything.
So... A recipe for all that? Lol 
Not super difficult but super time consuming. I recently made some pasta also in my submissions. Totally recommend trying it. 
Looks great op, nice work!

Edit: meant this as a reply to a comment but failed to put it in the correct spot. 
You could sell this.
I want to eat nothing but your pasta and meatballs for the next week. Oh, and turkey.
I really wonder- why do some people call pasta sauce 'Gravy'? My wife's parents are both full blooded Italian (Both second generation) and no one in their family ever called it gravy, but my Mother-in-law's boyfriend who is from italy and moved here at like 15 years old calls red sauce gravy and has gotten her to start calling it gravy too.
That all looks amazing. If you prep all that pasta, how long does it keep and what's the correct way to store them? 
Wish you would have added more captions
good job. I hate you
Hey how far do you live from DC?  Do you think I can drive to your house?
This is pretty interesting.
&gt;veal (tortured baby cow)

:(
spaetzle, glorious pasta to make!
Those names sound very familiar... I took a cooking class in Bologna years ago at "La Vecchia Scuola Bolognese" and I could've sworn those were the names of the mom and daughter who taught the class.  I need to see if I can dig up my old trip pics
That looks delicious! I just want to know one thing. What's the recipe for the bolognese sauce? It looks *so* good. 
Do you have a water over for cooking sous vide? This is the first I've read about the method but it sounds incredible, though the entry price for the equipment seems daunting (I'm a student). Did you finish the meatballs in the deep fryer?
Wow, I'm so jealous of all the food and the fact that you sous vide... I really hate you right now. 
I looked at this on an empty stomach...I guess I'll go eat my boring sandwich.
Marry me.
Wow - I am going to try some of this. I make bread and pizza dough but have never tried pasta. Do you have a link to the butternut squash gnocchi recipe? And, how long in advance can you make pasta before you have to use it? Move over math, there's a new skill coming to the brain. EDIT: Added "recipe". 
I've made fresh pasta about once a week for 20 years at home. Incredibly easy and I'm STILL learning. A few tips : 1. You cannot "overwork" pasta dough. If you have a kitchenaid mixer, let it knead for 10 minutes. 2. Let the resulting dough sit for at least an hour. The difference in texture and workability is huge. 3. Have fun! 
Drool
Wow good work!  Just made pasta for the first time. And hand rolling it thin enough alone was a bitch.  Not to mention getting the dough consistency right. 
Time and temp on the meatballs? Definitely want to try that out.
Love the knife you'r using I also have a whole set of KAI kitchen knives.
God damn that looks amazing, kudos!
che bella 
Fresh pasta is awesome. Enjoy!
How did you sous vide the meat balls and have them keep their shape? Bag immersion technique? 
Which thickness do you take for the tortellinis? 
Man, that looks so yummy! Kinda want pasta for breakfast.
wow...are you....accepting guests? I would pay for those meals
&gt; Fatta a Mano

Translation: Made by hand
How do you fold the last ones 
Should not view before lunch... Yum!
I want to covered in all that pasta and roll around in silk sheets.
Incredible!!! So hungry
This is amazing! I've always wanted to make my own pasta. Thanks for sharing :D
ITALIAN FOOD SURVEY: helpers wanted!

Dear community,
I am conducting a market study for my final dissertation. It's about Italian food products. I would greatly appreciate your support! Thanks in advance

To the survey: http://www.sphinxonline.com/SurveyServer/s/embs6/ItalianSounding/ISQ_Language.htm
You're a fucking artist!!!
Nice.  Next time make it with water, no eggs, and use Semolina flour.
Parantha + white butter -&gt; Heaven on earth
This looks great. Just a slight correction though, the Paratha is the flat bread itself. So "stuffed Indian flat bread" would be "stuffed Paratha"
Love it
So delicious! 
Is this an Indian quesadilla?
What is it stuffed with?
I've always wondered,  what's up with indian food and metal dishware?
I like Indian food
My personal favourite is with aaloo gobi (potatoes/cauliflower), or aaloo gaajar mutter (potatoes, carrots and peas).
Aloo Paratha is one of my favorites to get. Give me that, or some garlic naan, and some chicken tikka and I'm set. Now I'm Hungry.
Aloo paratha is amazing. I ate it all the time over there
The best.
So which one is it?
I wish I knew why Indian food looked so simple and delicious every time I see it.
Stuffed paratha is **amazing**. It's probably my favourite thing of Indian food. Very difficult to prepare though. My local Indian Takeaway, which is amazing, does them. I spent a decade looking for a takeaway that did and this one is just so great. Takes about 1&amp;1/2 hours to arrive and none of it's cheap, but yeah, well worth it.
I had this last week and didn't know the name of it. Now I can order it whenever I want. Thank you for this gift
Don't know how it happened but we have this for breakfast all the time.  They go well with coffee and eggs.  But literally, we have this all the time and don't even remember how we learned about it. 
And now I know what I'm making for lunch tomorrow!!! :) 
I love me some Qeema Paratha
That quesadilla looks delicious.
I love aloo paratha.... thats paratha stuffed with potatoes (mixed with spices, onions, ginger, ect). Fry it up nice on the pan with some butter or ghee, eat it with some yoghurt and maybe another chunk of butter, and drink it down with some lassi (milkshake basically). So good! This was our sunday lunch at home.... wake up, eat this, and go take a nap after cause of how heavy the food is. 
Man, I saw this pic and my jaw dropped, i havent eaten indian food in over 6 months, i miss my moms cooking (1 con of living away from your parents, home cooked meal) she makes really good 'aaloo paranta'
Best breakfast ever!
INFO: I grew up eating these. They are very dense. They are stuffed with onions and other veggies.  Some are plain too. 

These can be tasty, but they also do a number on your colon.  You are eating A LOT of bread.  I almost always would run and take a dump after just one paratha. Then I'd fall asleep.   
Paratha is not necessarily stuffed. It is just flad bread.
The subcontinental quesadilla 
Looks Delicious 
There's pickle and dahi but what is that yellow thing? Is that aloo ki sabzi? It is peetla? 
What are the two sauces on the side?
Oh, yeah, baby.
Some rise with heat, requiring 25 seconds of microwave before you put it on the street is a huge pleasure.
Try it with Nutella.  Youtube nutella puff pastry
Is this like an Indian version of a pupusa?
It's a murtabak.


Grew up on this in Mauritius, we creoles spell it Farata.
My fav is filled with lamb curry with yogurt to dip in.
Warm and lightly buttered is awesome with a cup of tea.

Also amazing is Dholl Puri, much more delicate and lighter.
oh my God I miss home
What kind of flour is traditionally used to make these? 
This looks great. And yammy too. Loved it. 
Health, Fitness, Wellness Website: www[.]onlineaskblog[.]com
That looks amazing!
A bit like a chapatti, with ghee as the cooking agent. 

Mmm i want some aloo paratha now! 
Fancy hot pocket or Italian quesadilla? 
Parathas are really tasty and also very balanced in nutrition. They have carbs from the flour and potatoes and vitamins from the veggies. Taste awesome with yoghurt and potato curry and chutneys and Indian pickles
These are soo cheap and they sell in every Indian market. Parantha, and a few other names. Some rise with heat, requiring 25 seconds of microwave before you put it on pan to let it finish rising. Others are 30 seconds microwave and good to go at work. They are all good alone, but even better with some sauce on the side. I eat them plain (heated) and my kids think they are hot/spicy
 (mild) tortillas. =-)
It's like an indian calzone. 
Not sure what's the correct or traditional spelling, but in Singapore we sell these everywhere and it's spelt as Roti Prata (or just Prata for short). Tastes awesome. Most popular stuffings are usually eggs or cheese.

They're also cheap as well. Can usually find them for 80 cents a piece (unstuffed). Buy 3-4 pieces and you're usually full. It's usually served with curry and sugar! I love these!

Edit: Hmm the [Wikipedia article](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roti_prata) says it originated from Singapore/Malaysia and not India but it doesn't state any distinctions with India's [Parotta](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parotta). I'm not sure what the differences are either but OP's pic is definitely a prata though. I always thought that Prata came from India anyway, so it just seems to me like the Wikipedia articles are just under-researched. In any case, I definitely recommend any people visiting Singapore to try the egg pratas here!
This made me call my mother!  I'm now on my way to my parents place for some aloo paratha, small slice of butter, cucumber yoghurt, and hot tea, aka the best breakfast ever!!  Yea, yea, yea, I know I'm spoiled, but when your mum or aunties make awesome food you have to just go with it.
roti prata is best paratha
unhealthy as fuck
Was this served in a prison? What a strange tray it put it on.
You had me at your description of the bread ("Not much to say about this one. It tasted like bread.")

I think it's great how your write up actually sounds like a normal person who likes food, and not a pretentious wannabe food critic throwing unnecessary adjectives around the place.

The Danish tradition is to eat Aebleskiver whenever I want them, because they're better than pancakes.

Everyone should own an Aebleskiver pan.
For a food subreddit, y'all some salty motherfuckers whenever a fine dining experience gets posted. It's like someone who likes to travel paying to go somewhere exotic and less travelled. People will say "pssh you went to xyz? I'd rather pay less to travel less". Of course you're paying a lot; but it's a unique and thrilling experience. Thanks for sharing OP. 
How much did you end up spending there?
I like how they had a non alcoholic juices menu. I don't drink, so I always get a little nervous about the idea of potentially going to a place like this and inconveniencing them with that request. It made me feel good to know this was an option.  
I really wish there was a subreddit strictly dedicated to posts like this
Cool you went the route of non-alcoholic accents. I bet it was awesome, it seems really cool they chose to pair these with juices.
Wow, the presentation is exquisite 
I've gotta say, you handle the comment hecklers with a lot of finesse. I'm going to try to remember this post when someone is trying to get my goat. 

Also, the food looks fantastic and different than a lot of the fine eating I've seen before.
I'm so jealous. I just want a friend that will travel to eat expensive, tiny, pretty meals with me. 
I would love to try a place like this but I feel like I wouldn't be able to try some of the dishes, a lot of raw things gross me out and I feel like not trying something would be an insult to the resteraunt. 
I noticed they fed you a lot of leaves.
I can only imagine how much skill went into preparing this stuff but I can't say it looks appetizing to me. But the food definitely looks like art.
I just imagine everyone bitching about the plate sizes going to an art auction:

"Pfft, that Van Gogh is barely 2ft on a side, why the hell would anyone pay a million bucks for that? I could get my house painted for a fraction of that."
Thank you for sharing!  It looks amazing.  I've never been and won't make it before they close.  The juice pairing looks fun!  Maybe more interesting than a wine pairing. 
I live in Copenhagen but have never visited NOMA. We have two very famous restaurants here, one being NOMA that has been nominated as the best restaurant in the world 3 years running, and the other is Geranium, which is run by a guy who won bocuse d'or, the world championship for chefs. 

The two are very distinct with NOMA being a restaurant you visit for flavors and techniques you won't see anywhere else in the world. The flavors might be a bit challenging at times, but that's not the main reason you're there. It's to have a dining experience unlike anything you've tried before.

If you want an extraordinary experience flavor-wise, it's Geranium all the way. They aren't as experimental, so the flavors will be more familiar. It all depends on what kind of experience you're after.
I would try it,  but honestly none of it looks or sounds all that appetizing to me.  But I'd give it a whirl.  
  
Though turnip and green strawberry juice?  I'm having a real hard time imaging that as anything other than nasty.  Like sour old socks.  
A friend of mine went there recently and said it was quite the experience. What was your favorite part of the meal?
No ketchup?
The pictures are beautiful. I work in the hospitality industry, and our Sous chef has passion for the art of plating and has shown me pictures he has of this place from this gorgeous cook book hes got. It could be that im Canadian and just not enthralled in the idea of eating charred leaves with a paste that lightly tastes like seawater, but I have to say the duck looks fabulous. 
Alot of people say at that some of the dishes look inedible. If you give anyone a piece of steak, potatoes, lobster, truffles, it doesnt take much skill to make something delicious. At Noma, they have to make things delicious and edible, which takes true skill. Hence why theyve won best restaurant in the world for 4 years.
I'll have the wheat bread and that soup thing.
Could they have been potatoes from Samsø? I studied abroad in Denmark and visited the island (famous for its potatoes). The potatoes there were heavenly!

If you're still in Denmark I'd highly recommend going to Relae. It's a restaurant opened by the former sous-chef of Noma, and it's incredible. By far the best meal I've ever had.
How on earth did You manage to get a table there?!
I was just watching The Mind of a Chef and stopped in the middle of the Noma episode. Nice timing!
Great post, thanks for sharing. I would love to dine somewhere like this one day.
its a dream for me to work for this guy
ill give up my life here in america to go learn his ways
There's a great documentary about Noma, if you're interested in their methods. I just don't find it right now :( 
I must be a low class none of em look or seem appealing except that lobster
Anyone else on here feel like this kind of restaurant isn't for them? I've seen a few of these posts recently, and the food just doesn't generally seem that appetizing to me. (Although this one seems much less pretentious than the restaurant that serves fucking chicken stock, a gram of flowers, and tea as a third of a $400 meal. This place seemed actually interesting and presented the food more so as a form of art, which I can respect but isn't for me) it almost seems too refined. I love nice restaurants, but this is another genre of restaurant away from that. I'll gladly pay $100+ for a nice meal somewhere, but I definitely prefer more standard? flavors. 
Went there a couple of weeks back too!
Had the same exact menu! 
Which one was your favorite?

And thank you very much for the pictures, I didn't dare take pictures from each plate and I certainly don't have the same skills as you do :). Great memories! 


Not to sound close minded but I could never eat an ant.. I have a deathly phobia of bugs in general. Everything else looks fantastic!
TIL that Langoustines are lobsters. In Ireland we just call them prawns.
This looks amazing. How long was the wait between each course? 
I wouldn't know which parts were edible in the majority of these so I'd definitely get some strange looks when the wait/er/ress returned to collect whatever it is I was supposed to have not eaten.

P.S. Nice photos. :)
I'm curious, did you go through the menu and order all of those things individually or was it more of a sit down and eat whatever they decide to put in front of you? Also, there are a lot of dishes but the duck is the only one that seemed very filling, would you say you were full afterwords?
Ants don't taste acidic on their own. Just thought I would correct that because they definitely just used ants as a wow factor, and flavored them with citrus.
I love these types of places you show up hungry and you leave starving....
Nice. Its on my list of places to go. Great pictures and love reading about the food. Glad you enjoyed it.
Wow! that looks just to tasty...
That is awesome
Very cool. Thanks for sharing.
Thank you for sharing!  It looks amazing.  I've never been and won't make it before they close.  The juice pairing looks fun!  Maybe more interesting than a wine pairing. 
Thank you so much for sharing! Looks like it was an awesome experience.
This place looked so amazing on Parts Unknown, wanted to try it ever since.

And, for price, we have an Italian restaurant in Philly called Vetri that I drop $600 on for dinner, so you'll hear no criticism from me. It's always worth the experience, if you can afford it. Relative to comparative income adjusted for inflation, I spent more money on my drug habit in college than I do now on going out to eat.
Woohoo! Went here in April. Actually got to meet a fellow redditor and bring him along.
Ah, thanks so much for sharing! I managed to snag a lunch reservation for next month and seeing these photos got me so excited!

If you had the option, would you have gone for the juice pairing again? I'm debating between the wine and juice :)
Very interesting. Thanks for sharing! There is so much trust put into the chef at these types of places. I would be so nervous that they would bring something out that I just couldn't bring myself to try, though I would do my best to force myself to try everything. 
Erm, virgin butter? Like, butter from a virginal cow? Wat?
Looks awesome. I was just in Copenhagen and loved it.  Amazing place.
The chocolate covered mushroom really intrigues me.
listen people...

why are you guys busting this dudes balls about his post?

it was a nice time that was meaningful for him, and he thought enough of it to take pictures and share it here on r/food.

stop being such douches, whydontcha
Wow! that looks just to tasty...
This looks amazing. How long was the wait between each course? 
They serve moss?!?! I wonder if they grow it on site or have a residential moss picker? 
https://i.imgur.com/eQfvSIW.gif

But seriously,  im sure it was delicious.
I guess i dont anything about fine dining, but the duck to me was the most appetizing thing there. Looked pretty, sounded not so great.  But your descriptions were excellent to read, the cabbage one was my favorite.  
I always wanted to see if the food people are spending $1000 a meal for are actually worth the cost or if they're just crazy people with a lot of money to spend. I could never justify that cost for a meal, but I will always wonder.
Arent you hungry after that? it is so small portions
/r/food comments is one salty place. I get that you guys are really into your fine dinning, but in what world does it make sense to berate people because they wouldn't pay 500 USD$ for a single meal? 
I can't imagine going to such a nice restaurant and taking out a phone or camera at the table. It seems a little tactless, but I may be overreacting.
[deleted]
Utter nonsense of food.
Maybe I'll get downvoted for this, but I personally would have sent the duck back if it still had birdshot in it. :/
Somewhere there is a line you cross where food stops being food and becomes art at the expense of its foodiness.

I like to eat food so I just don't see the appeal in menus like this. 

This is probably my cranky old man side coming out but I don't care. 
Mmmmm....hearty meal! How'd you finish all that?
I enjoy seeing stuff like this online, but I'd never go and try it. Ever.
I'd rather eat at a food truck.
I went there in 2010, right after completing a bodybuilding bulk. Epic tasting but I needed to eat a post-dinner entire chicken to feel full.  
Thanks for sharing those pictures. 

I can't imagine ever having the slightest urge to pay for anything pictured though it all looks so pretentious and as a non-foodie but someone who just enjoys a simple home cooked meal that stuff doesn't even look appetizing.

Just my opinion though. 
Hipsters are a global thing.
[deleted]
Where's the food.
Wow, I've never actually seen real fine dining meals before, I always assumed the 1-2 leaves thing with  bit of sauce, tiny portions, etc. was a joke/exaggeration. But those dishes...

It's kind of like abstract art, you pay for the looks and atmosphere, not necessarily the substance. 
did they put the plate in the microwave again?
Huh, sea urchin. How did that taste like, other than obviously salty/fishy?
Eating that would make me really hungry
This restaurant must have a huge profit margin.
I've been to some of the best restaurants in the world and yet I prefer little unknown alleyway shops in Japan 
Wow, could the dishes be less substantial?
To be honest, the food doesn't look that tasty. And why are the portions so tiny. Were you still hungry after that? 
Well you got ripped off.
pretentious food.
Call me uncultured or unsophisticated or whatever but give me a freakin burger any day of the week. 
I have no idea what 90% of that is and 99% looks inedible. I don't get food snobs. 
Hipsters are a global thing.
Worst restaurant in the world imo
Wow I didn't know people were so small in Copenhagen ._.
How.... how much did this cost in the end?

Nvm....
how much does a meal like that set you back?
"Best"
"Best"
and what is the dinner ? Where is the real food ? :)
Always nice to see things from other places, but, seems like homeless people get more food for a lot less!
Someone call the third world, I think they may be hungry.
What is the world coming to...
Seriously how can you get full eating just that? 
I hope this post is a huge joke or troll post because this all looks like leftovers from Panda Express.
Yeah thanks, I'll take a salami pizza and some of that bread.
Define "best".
From the thumbnail I thought it was sitting on the counter and I was hoping it was massive.
Reese's aren't widely available here, so I make my own peanut butter cups. Peanut butter isn't as widely available either, so I start with that. I just grind salted peanuts until the butter forms. Sometimes it needs a bit of oil, but usually the oils in the nuts is plenty. (I also use the peanut butter for other recipes or on toast.) Then I use good quality chocolate, dark if I am being more health conscious. Melt the chocolate, drop a bit into a cupcake liner, pro tip: using a straw, blow air into the cup, making the chocolate go up on the sides, drop a bit of peanut butter in, then top with more chocolate. Chill for a bit. They are easy, delicious, low in sugar and don't have a crap ton of additives! They work great with almond or cashew butter, too.
Try posting to r/mimicrecipes.
Lol, she didn't even make a paper wrapper for it, that's ridiculous

Homemade things are stupid
If you want to make peanut butter like Reeses, take regular peanut butter and mix it with powdered sugar. 
That looks delicious !
Or she just peeled off the wrapper perfectly
that is so cool how was that done?
I knew it was big.
Peanut butter isn't as widely available here, so I start with that.
When i was a kid, I used to do it the ghetto way and put peanut butter on top of those mini chocolate Hershey bars. 

It was surprisingly similar!
Mmm.. potato quality homemade Reese's cup..
Looks like PB chocolate in the center, not PB...
Is your sister single? Or legal. Maybe that should be the first question.
You're starting to see it in the freezer for 10-15 minutes, and let them froze.
Probably easier to just buy some for a dollar or two 
I got diabetes reading the title. 

Just kidding, I already had diabetes. 
That would destroy my bowels.

I would let it.
AKA "The Widowmaker".
I love me some bleu cheese dressing, but I think I would have to try cayenne infused honey on that!
Gotta be from the south.
Looks delicious, I love fried chicken.

Your biscuit looks kind of weird though, did you do an egg wash on top or something?
As an Englishman, this shocked me somewhat
A lot of people have requested the recipe for the Mac n Cheese.  Although I tend to play around with it and add different things almost every time, here's the base recipe.


Ingredients:


* 1 box cavatappi pasta
* 5 strips bacon, sliced into small pieces
* 4 tbsp unsalted butter (1 for cheese sauce and 3 for crunchy topping
* 1/2 large yellow onion, diced
* 2 cloves garlic, minced
* 1/2 tsp red pepper flakes
* 1 tbsp dry mustard
* 1 tsp smoked paprika
* 3 tbsp flour
* 3 cups milk
* 8 oz. grated cheddar cheese
* 4 oz. grated gruyere cheese
* 3 oz. grated parmigiano-reggiano (2 for cheese sauce, 1 for crunchy topping)
* Pinch freshly grated nutmeg
* 1/2 cup Panko bread crumbs
* Salt and pepper to taste


Directions:

* Preheat oven to 350F
* Bring a pot of salted water to a boil, drop pasta. Do other things while your pasta cooks. When done, drain and set aside.
* Put bacon into a cold pan, turn onto medium heat, cook until crispy, and transfer to paper towels using slotted spoon
* Reserve 2 tbsp of the bacon fat and blot out the rest
* Melt 1 tbsp butter in the same pan then add onion, dry mustard, paprika, red pepper flakes and a pinch of salt and pepper and cook until translucent.
* Add garlic and cook until your whole damn kitchen smells amazing
* Time to make the roux: add your bacon fat back in along with the flour and cook stirring continuously for a few minutes so your mac doesn't taste like raw flour
* Add in your first cup of milk slowly while still stirring. No one likes a lumpy bechemel.
* Dump in the other 2 cups of milk and give it a good stir. Bring to a boil, when it begins to boil, it will thicken almost immediately. When it does, remove from heat and stir in your cheeses
* Add in your nutmeg and taste for salt and pepper
* Combine with your pasta and transfer to baking/casserole dish
* Melt the rest of your butter in the microwave, mix with bread crumbs and rest of parmigiano-reggiano
* Spread bread crumbs over top and bake until top is golden brown


And for everyone concerned about the nutritional merits of this dish, I eat reasonably healthy six days a week, and reserve the right to poison my body however I see fit every Saturday.  
Who wants to live to be forty anyway?
[How you doin?](https://images.rapgenius.com/92e03d210d500ed40ac83b2c0b5287bd.500x200x12.gif)

Recipe please?
can i has the mac and cheese recipe pls.
This... This is everything I've ever wanted on a plate..
I want to go to there
Add some jalapenos to that bacon mac and cheese and you can attract drunk uconn students. Not that you'd want to...
Who the hell puts a biscuit in a sandwich!?
This is how you food. 
I literally just ate...and this made me hungry.
R.I.P butthole
I dub this meal "Nap Time"
Sploosh
Where is your side of ranch to dip it all in?! There is never enough room in the basket of those supermarket mobility scooters is there? /s
Mmm, it's a plate of fried brown. Needs something green! Looks delicious anyway, but I'd feel guilty for weeks.
I like my mac and cheese runny, or saucy. not baked.  However, this looks good to me.
Wish I could eat food like this...
/u/th3roman
Please post recipe OP
I like my mac and cheese recipe pls.
But where's the recipe for the mac n cheese though?
*breathing intensifies*
Do you have a recipe for the Mac n Cheese? 
Please can you provide a recipe? Badly want to make this tonight. 
What is that style of mac and cheese called? Looks incredible.
Ugggh so many carbs and fat.  I'm nauseous.
I'll take 3! can i has the mac n cheese though? breathing intensifies Do you have a recipe for the mac and cheese runny, or saucy. not baked.
Beeeeetus
Replace the blue cheese dressing with the Mac and cheese for ultra sammich
Loves me some health food
Can you give the recipe plz??
Looks great except the dressing.

But, I have heart issues, probably caused by eating like this my whole life. I really regret those choices :(
Aka cholesterol burger. 
/u/tptguy83 asshole for making diabetes a meme joke. And this looks mouth watering!
I'll take 3! 
I like my mac and cheese recipe pls.
Caramelised onion AND blue cheese..1 too many to be honest. 
I just want to understand. It looks disgusting and a recipe for an immediate heart attack. Why do Americans fantasize about this fatty food ?
Edit: Thank you for your clarifications.Plz don't take it the wrong way I just wanted to understand.
ew.
Please post recipe OP I like my mac and cheese and you can attract drunk uconn students.
Yuck.
Gluten free? :)
I really like these but My mom used to kill rabbits by twos, so she'd name them matchy names. One day my city aunt came to visit and found carcasses in the freezer. "What is that?!?" She asked, horrified. "George and Gracie!" was my mom's cheerful reply.
First class?
So, what's the deal with airline food?
That's very interesting. Was it nice? I would eat all of it now. 
I have those top serving dishes, came in a set of 6. The other ones photoed look like cans.
18MP picture. WHY?!
Amazing :D what class was this meal served on? 
Looks better than the crap I ate on United.
Where is the rice?
How has nobody mentioned OP's username?
I just love your username. Please explain 
That's not first class, is it?
 
Edit: nevermind, question has been answered already.
JAL often has Mos Burgers. I miss those. 
I've never seen these square lunch before...
I know from past experience that I will love about half of those items, but not like the other half - still the presentation is just so dope.
wow.. i wish i could taste these.. what are they anyway? :p
Interesting, are you left handed? I notice the chopsticks on that side on serving
all that for only $5000!  I mean that and the seat are the only differences from economy....
no dishoner famery
That looks like a lot of food. Are you expected to eat it all?
10 for presentation but it still looks fucking gross
Where the steak brah
Might've went a wee bit overboard with the onions. And need a bigger plate.
Flavors: Savory

Presentation: Fiesta
What is the traditional gift for a 6 month wedding anniversary? 
[deleted]
Do you sautee mushrooms and onions together? How long? I've been trying that recently with mixed results. Do you wait for a smell to permeate the air? high or low heat? Before the meat or after? Dry or olive oil? Do you do the onions first or last (separate) maybe? I like the variety (used to just do steak with garilic salt, onion salt, ground pepper).
Pace yourself, dude.
Where is the steak?
Congrats!
oh man I LOVE sauteed onions on steak.
I think I am going to get a steak tonight and celebrate your 6 month marriage with my steak. 
Keep it up. I'm 11 years married, and I'm pretty sure 50% of the reason she sticks around is because of the fancy cooking.
That looks great mate, well done!
How not to present a steak dish.

Don't forget everyone here is an expert!
Damn....that's looks great.
Dope looking food, but pace yourself, bro. You hopefully have 50+ years together. Don't use up all your ideas on halfaversaries!
My husband and I will be at 6 months on the 24th! Congrats!  And we have those same plates in a different color.  I'm definitely showing him this as a subtle hint on what to do for our 6 month in a few weeks.  It looks fantastic.  
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm nom nom nom nom nom
MURDER!!!

Sweet sweet juicy and decadent murder :D 
Mashed potstos.
You want some ribeye with those onions?
Christ Almighty, portion control!
tomorrow's headline: Human Waterfall Attracts Visitors
i wish my mom cooked vegetables
Is there some steak to go with those onions?
Under that pile of gold! It was a beautiful steak!
Get all that bullshit off my ribeye.
Those onions look crunchy bro. 
Sounds delicious, looks ridiculous LOL I swear this has made me laugh harder than anything I've seen today
wait wait... reddit posts are supposed to be about women cooking stuff and men building things. mods will surely need to review
http://imgur.comVT6Z5zK
I love food and making food. It's so hard with my gf of 4.5 years though, she was raised to get a different plate/dinner when she wouldn't like something which led her to only like a very small set of foods. Most of the time when I get creative in the kitchen it's "ew.."
Needs more oil.
Congrats on the 6 months.

The meal looks and probably tasted great.
I wish I could eat this everyday!!!
did you use a recipe??? i need this
20 years from now it will be PB&amp;J, and you will be happy. 
Hope you guys aren't into pee play.
I love to eat, but damn, that is a lot of food on one plate. 
Your killing the taste of the steak
That looks delicious -- but I've never been a fan of just loads of onions.  Not to diverge from the great news from OP, but what's the thrill of having a nice steak (or any other meal) just covered with all kinds of onions?  They don't enhance the flavor -- at least to me -- they distract like crazy.

On sandwiches, they overpower everything.
Salads, they're like little flavor claymores, waiting to go off.

Same with this instance.  I like 'some' onions in steamed or grilled veggies, etc, but this looks like serious overkill.

So my question is -- anyone out there that actually loves just a big forkful of onions?  If so, can you explain contextually?
The other plate looks better.
The food looks great but I'm concerned about the six month celebration. 
At least it's a meal not served on a wood cutting board
Can you post the recipe? I'd love to try my hand at that. 
Edit
Your wife made a good decision marrying you!  That sounds amazing. 
Looks wonderful and congrats! Your wife is so lucky.
Grats! And I LOVE the blue cheese sauce with steaks. Glad you reminded me :)
There is a lot of saliva in my mouth right now. Congrats!
why are you celebrating six months in, that's fucking ridiculous. 
its only 6 months in, you dont want to plump her up just yet
I've been trying to make mashed potstos, but I haven't been able to find any recipes. Where do potstos grow?
At first glance your plates seem reeeally tiny
Looks fantastic aside from the cheese (blue cheese... bleh) but the onions look soooo guuud
The official 6 months together dinner 👍 aka fart central
Christ almighty, is that all you millennials know how to do?

Ribeye and asparagus?

"Hey, here's another life hack....!"


Those plates are hideous
portion control goes a long way towards presentation points
: o
&gt;potstos

POTATOES*
can we get married real quick and fast forward 6 years for a sec?
I love me some mashed potsos
Ahh for heaven's sake.
You're ruining things for other married men.
Everyone knows that once you're married,  you never cook again!
You sir, are getting laid tonight.
What did you make her?
Keep eating meals with those kinds of portions and you won't be able to see your toes in 6 more months. 
gratz on the wife, are you single?
Is this a special meal for her or for you?
I prefer my beef medium rarington
I've watched the YouTube video of Gordon Ramsey making his famous beef Wellington at least 10 times. It's just a lot of money to invest in something that I would probably F up the first time. 

Edit: link to the video

http://youtu.be/5uXIPhxL5XA
What cut of beef do you use in Wellington? 

I know I could google it, but then I'd be deprived of the interaction with you fine people. 
I love Beef Wellington! Are you using pate' around the meat?
That looks fabulous. What's the slaw in the middle?
No SpongeBob jokes yet... surprising
I rather dislike wellington, but this looks freaking divine. 
I've always wanted to try beef wellington! It always looks so good! 
Is that fried polenta on the side? Or just French fries?
I'm trying to figure out what to serve my family (7-10 people) for ThanksFriday, and this is on the short list. It's my top choice, but unfortunately after the year we've had, the deciding factor will be cost of groceries. 

What kind of money did you lay out, and how many did it feed?
No, your name son. 
http://wewantplates.com/
Gordon Ramsay wouldnt scold you for this
Looks good. I'd eat that, I like my steak blue. 
this is well done, my mother made this last christmas when i had suggested she make it, and it certainly tasted good but it was kind of a mess. love you mom.
That is a thing of beauty. Also, it looks like you have a perfect combination of veg, potato, slaw and sauce so that every bite can be different.  
That looks more like beef rare-ington to me. Also, looks delicious. 
Beef raw-ington
How is anyone supposed to eat it on that ridiculous "plate?"
Recipie?  
http://imgur.com/m1IGMaI

I made few months ago. The meat tastes so hard ha ha
What the hell... straight up uncooked meat. No thanks.
That might be the best looking meat I've ever seen.
That's very nicely marbled for tenderloin. Bet it'll be tasty!
Til meat marbling looks like lightning bolts!
http://imgur.com/d5Hhefk

The only way to cook it.
That looks amazing but the marbling pattern is also sending a chill down my spine? 
I was in Iowa a month ago and talked with a corn farmer and when feed crops came up as a topic, he said that the cattle are fed corn for 6 months before they're slaughtered to get the fat marbling pictured above but if they didn't slaughter them, they would die in 9 months from the corn. Weird.
very nice  beef tenderloin
Nice doesn't nearly describe those!
can someone explain the circulator thing to me and where to get one, please.
I read the title correctly, but in glancing at the thumbnail (which happen to be partially covered with my thumbnail on mobile) I saw what I thought were cupcakes.   
And I was deliciously confused for a good processing second. 
sweet jesus
The marbling looks like lightnings strikes. 
Perchance you share a glimpse of the end result?
Looks perfect!
Well, thanks. Now I really want a steak.
I just saw some prime fillets the other day and they had no where near that amount of marbling. That's usually why I prefer ribeye over tenderloins. Those are gonna be some amazing steaks. 
That marbling is flawless.
A tip: If you're in the states and interested in trying some beef with that impressive of marbling, try going to a local Asian Mart like H-Mart or something. They will typically have American Style Kobe Beef. It's pretty impressive stuff and can sometimes be had for around $24/lb.



The rest of the meat (not seafood) I would stay away from because most of it is very, very low quality, but again, the imitation Kobe Beef has been a pleasant surprise.
You should xpost this to r/foodporn
Looks Amazing
[deleted]
That's what she said. 


Before Tyrone stopped by. :(
With all due respect, how the hell is it difficult to find a decent any kind of bagel on Long Island? I'm tripping over kosher delis here.

Edit: It's official, my highest rated comment is about bagels. If there's a god, it's laughing at me.
These comments are just chock full of WHOOSH.
Long Island is among THE easiest places in the world to get amazing bagels and lox...but OP takes the time to make fantastic-looking bagels, lox, AND cream cheese, all completely from scratch. C'mon, it's a joke.
Yeah super hard to find a decent lox bagel in the second most Jewish place in the entire world. 
Came in expecting to be underwhelmed. Left blown away. You made your own bagels, cream cheese, lox and everything. Well done.
TIL there are a lot of fellow long islanders on this sub.
I thought Long Island and NY is generally known for lox on bagels?? lol
Damn... it's that easy? You sure made it look easy
I SO appreciate seeing someone actually put effort into food. Not like the biscuits-in-a-can/pudding mix/overworked meat posts you usually see on here. 
Uh...Long Island is THE place to get lox bagels...
Those bagels look great.  Can you share the recipe?  Also, where'd you get the culture for the cream cheese?

Nice work!  Glad to see a full-on DIY post on /r/food.
Looks dope OP
did you still get to work on time?
Lox and cream cheese on cinnamon toast?  GET IT OUTTA HERE!
Good job! DIY OR DIE
Seems totally rational. Well done sir, well done.
How does the Salmon not spoil?
My boss brought me some fresh salmon he caught from a fishing trip in Alaska a couple months ago and I made gravlax with it. So easy and so delicious. 
Pfft. Try finding one in Adelaide.
This is easily one of my top 3 favourite meals, well done. 

However, when I make my lox I cover it in salt (unwrapped, unpressed) and refrigerate for 24 hours, then wash and refrigerate bare for 24 hours. It's good, but not amazing. How do you like your recipe?
You know nothing about the difficulty of finding a good bagel. Try living on the West Coast for a few months. The bagels here are largely atrocious.

PS - nice work
I always wondered what the shit lox was but never remembered to Google it. Now I know, and it looks great. Good job!
Ok, now make a gif recipe out of it
we should be best friends.
They don't have bagels or cream cheese on long island? What the fucking fuck? 
You know nothing about the difficulty of finding a good bagel. Try living on the West Coast for a few months. The bagels here are largely atrocious.

PS - nice work
Those are the most beautiful everything bagels I've ever seen!
Yeah, Its really hard finding a warm beer here in England......I feel your struggle. 
Well, you weren't kidding.
Kudos
You can try adding very finely minced radish, carrot and celery to the cream cheese. It tastes really good with lox. 
Wouldn't it have been easier to take a ball of dough and work a hole into the middle? Though yours do have a fun textural thing going for them.

I'd never given thought to what cream cheese actually was, or rather how it was made. Heh so simple.
Those are capers, not caper berries.
&gt; It's hard to find a decent lox bagel here

Oh, man, I totally feel y...

&gt; on Long Island

Are you kidding me!? I live in *southern California*. Ever try to get a self-respecting bagel in southern California? Don't give me your sob st...

&gt; so I made my own.

We cool.

closed face lox bagel... you savage
You're my idol.
I'm afraid to ask because it's such a naive question...but is that salmon cooked?
I can't be the only one who saw the final picture and thought the hardboiled eggs were the lemon wedges
Try finding a decent bagel in New Mexico. Then get back to me. 
One: now I have zero excuses for putting together homemade lox. I knew it wasn't particularly difficult, but this put it into perspective how badly I've been depriving myself.

Two: I have a whole bowl full of homegrown cape berries that I've been staring at for a while. I was going to make jam or salsa or something but putting them on a bagel is certainly an option.
This is also known as the 72-hour lox and bagel.
Holy Karen, those look good. Do you notice any difference between homemade cream cheese and store bought? 

&amp;nbsp;

Breaking out the heavy weights for this recipe, huh. :P
Great job! Homemade lox tastes incredible, I've done it twice and both times was really happy with how it turned out
[x-post from /r/52weeksofcooking](https://www.reddit.com/r/52weeksofcooking/comments/3rcs4i/week_45_sandwiches_fullyloaded_lox_bagel/)
Hard to find a good lox bagel in NYC...?! Literally the bagel capital of the U.S. 
You must be blind if you're having a hard time finding a good bagel on long Island. I'm sure your bagel was very good, but I could save a lot of time by heading over to one of the 47 bagel places/delis in Ronkonkoma. 
Hey, if you live on Long Island and make a bagel, doesn't that mean it's also a Long Island bagel? lmao

Bagel genetics.
wow, next level
You weren't kidding when you said "made your own"

Bravo good sir!

You are a god among men.
Gravlaks.  Directly translated to english will be; buried salmon.

You should add a shot of scotch or preferably Linie akevit, "Line aqua vitae." Pour it over the fish with the salt/sugar mix. You also don't need to let it sit for a week, 24-48 hours is quite okay, with alcohol.

Gravlaks, not to be confused with Rakfisk, which is something completely different.
that bagel isn't going to be as good as one cooked in a brick oven. I don't care how fresh or homemade it is. 
I find it REALLY hard to believe you can't find a "decent" lox bagel on all of Long Island. Either you're not looking, or your standards are impossibly high.
What Long Island do you live on exactly?
Caraway seeds belong on kummelweck rolls, not bagels. 
I was so confused at first and then I realised American cider isn't alcoholic.
Generally you push spices into oranges or similar for easier removal afterwards, in case you don't want to/cannot strain your liquid. Also it looks kinda nice :D
If it's clear and yella you've got juice there fella. If it's tangy and brown you're in cider town.
I make mine by blending raw apples with a little water and straining through a clean kitchen towel. Then make apple butter with the leftover pulp.
Wow that's a strange way to make cider. When we make it we just grind up the apples and press out the juice. No need to add water...
I'm just seeing a picture of Link... I love mobile versions 
Why not let it ferment to alcoholic cider
So if you made a batch and mixed it with alcohol and stuff, and you put it in jars to give as gifts for Xmas, how long could people expect it to last? Do they need to drink them in a timely manner?
Sadly I discovered Fireball Whiskey in my mulled cider is quite tasty. I plan to buy another bottle soon.
Oh I love warm apple cider!! 
Fresh-pressed, unpasteurized cider is fucking delicious! Nectar of the Gods! I'm talking within minutes of it being pressed, after that the taste starts to change. Too bad they don't sell unpasteurized anymore :(
I'm originally from Newe Englande, and "cider season" used to mean buying jugs of unpasteurized cider to let ferment until frozen weather when you could drill the jug and get "apple jack"... none of this cinnamon candy stuff...
How are that many cloves not overpowering?
TIL if I worked in the USA I could tell my boss I had 5 pints of cider at lunch time and I'd still keep my job.
Slow cookers have only one temp, high or low is just the speed it gets up to temp.
It is spicy, but I did not get high.
Sponsored by 
dickens cider
Every woman loves
Dickens cider
from the thumbnail, I was thinking, "thats a nice blunt"
Originally thought it said "spider season" and was ready for a completely different slideshow
If it's clear and yella, you got juice there, fella. If it's tangy and brown, you're in cider town.
No ... it's duck season!
Obligatory: put it in cider....
[deleted]
Hi, that's some nice fake cinnamon you've got there.
Ladies love some good hot dickens cider!
Cider in Europe is wine + flavours + tons of sugar and water.
Why use garlic powder in the stuffing but real in the garlic butter?
Ah, another episode of the "Let's stuff some cheese into bread" show.  I love it!
My old roomate got into a fistfight with one of his good friends, because the friend cooked and ate his TGIFridays frozen Spinach &amp; Artichoke dip without asking.

From then on I have and will always call that "Get your ass beat dip"
[deleted]
Recipe was on reddit a couple of weeks ago:

http://hostthetoast.com/spinach-and-artichoke-dip-stuffed-garlic-bread/
OK. Do we have a real recipe somewhere? 

I want to attempt this for thanksgiving
Looks very good.
I just saw Morgan's version of this the other day and it looks amazing. I can't recall her username at the moment but here's the link... http://hostthetoast.com/spinach-and-artichoke-dip-stuffed-garlic-bread/ 
Maybe I'm a slow reader but I had to watch that 5 times before catching all the ingredients. Glad I did though. 
Another one!  It even ends with the cheesy strand-of-cheese-while-pulling-a-piece-away shot!
When the show the hole in the bread... Food Porn, literally?
The first one is usually done in a bread bowl, you take a large, circular loaf of bread and hollow it out, then put the mixture in that, then dunk the bread you removed in the mixture, then remove and eat pieces of the "bowl"
So no one else is going to talk about whatever the hell that filter was over the gif? I could barely make out what the images were. 
I, I want this, like now, someone invent 100D, so I can just reach into my monitor and take it 
Or you could just make a bowl of spinach artichoke dip and serve it with baguette slices and tortilla chips and not waste an hour of your time throwing away perfectly good bread. 
2/10, needs more fingers.
this kills the diet.
Goddamn, enough with these shitty junk food gifs.
Yummy finger food that takes an hour to make.
All I see is OMFG I BURNED MY FUCKING FACE OFF WITH MELTED HOT CHEESE
Oh man I want to put my artichoke dip in that bread. Here's the dip (I usually make a half batch):

1	cup mayonnaise or sour cream  
1 	cup parmesan cheese, grated  
2 	cans water-packed artichoke hearts  
1	t minced garlic  
1/2	t red pepper flakes  
	paprika (sprinkle on top)  


   1. Cut artichoke hearts into small pieces.  
   2. Mix all ingredients together except paprika. I usually just throw everything in the food processor.  
   3. Put into souffle dish (I think that's what it's called? maybe a ramekin?) and sprinkle paprika on top for color.  
   4. Bake at 350 degrees f for 20 minutes or until bubbly.  
   5. Serve with crackers or baguette thins.  
No meat, no care. 
All I see is OMFG I BURNED MY FUCKING FACE OFF WITH MELTED HOT CHEESE
This is also stolen from a recipe gif that hit recipe gif front-page TODAY. Karma scum
God that looks disgusting
That's a bit of delicious!  I'd definitely encourage more experimenting in the kitchen.
The recipe she used was this one:

http://chocolatecoveredkatie.com/2011/11/06/one-minute-chocolate-cake/

And...its only 200 calories for each cake :)

The sauce was 1/4 cup raspberries simmered in sugar, cornstarch, and water then pushed through a fine mesh sieve. 

Holy crap, anti-ground her! Or whatever it is you do to children when they do something good. That looks amazing!
It looks like the Zerg symbol. Neat!
She's a keeper. Do not throw her out.
I'd get her into a culinary program asap.
Shokugeki!
Nurture that talent
How sweet (in more ways than one)! I am having a little girl any day now and you've made me look forward to teaching her how to bake. :)
You make a case for having daughters. 
How much for de girl? -wrings hands and twirls a waxed mustache-
That looks so good!
wow, i hate raspberries yet i'm drooling.
I have twin daughters that just hit two years old. If I ever get the chance to come home to this within' the next 13 years, it'll be well worth the wait :)
Decorating game is strong with this one. Time to cash in and submit an application to Masterchef kids. 
This has singlehandedly made me reconsider having kids
She's a friggin' artist.
I'll give you 15 camels for the machine that made this
That's some very fine handiwork - she might consider a job in pastry-craft!
Nice plating. Very impressive.
Looks like she has some talent!
Wow, impressive presentation, especially for a 15-year-old
this is one of those times where wife her isnt the first response! 

Happy proud parent day!

Looks like you get alot of those 
Was it as good as it looks, papa?
Oh wow that looks great!
Username checks out
She's got a talent. :-)
[She's so skillful for her age!](http://media.giphy.com/media/EouEzI5bBR8uk/giphy.gif)
Hey dad don't be mad but...
Looking delicious
Did you wife have an affair with Gordon Ramsay, or Buddy Valastro maybe? 
Does your daughter have a grudge on you?
Tell her you haven't been that disappointed since the day she was born.

This will keep her toes.
ENROLL HER IN CULINARY CLASSES 
Those solidarity fries look delicious. 
Just ate my phone, sent this comment from inside my stomach
What is it with burgers nowadays... The taller it is (and more difficult to eat), the fancier it is considered
I need to go to Iceland. 
Exact same meal I had! I was curious where all the reindeer came from as I was eating it because all I had seen were about 1 billion sheep. Coming out the tunnel right after that place we saw two decently large herds of reindeer and I thought "oh". 

If you're going north around the island there is a pretty sweet hot springs that's not nearly as crowded as Blue Lagoon. It's about 2-3 hours West of Egilstaddir. I believe it was called Natural baths or something similar. Also why do European men love speedos so much!
And here I am ordering pizza delivery...
How much was the meal? They have a website? 
Lobster tempura sounds great - looks kind of messy, but very delicious and fun.
Thanks for the recommendation, I'm leaving for Iceland on Thursday, any other places I should check out to eat? Everyone tells me I have to check out a particular hotdog stand. 
I don't know about he lobster tempura. I'd try it, but I bet the the reindeer burger was great. I visited Norway a couple years ago and reindeer was a delicious part of the menu a few times during the trip. I could stand to eat more of it.
Dang. Post some more Icelandic grub.
I'm going to Iceland in May. This pleases me.
Oh I HAVE to eat this!
I had this when I was in Iceland in August. It was super good!
Curious - was the meat 100% reindeer?

I've eaten a lot of caribou (same thing) but I find it so lean that I almost always need to add bacon or something fatty. 

On paper, caribou jerky and lard sounds awful but it's actually pretty good.
Them fries are gonna taste like metal. I can taste it just by looking at the picture. *cringe*
It's like folk in Iceland have seen some pictures of crazy burgers on Reddit having never seen or eaten a real burger in their lives and decided this must be how to serve them.

Absolutely delicious combinations of food to be sure but just ridiculous.  Pro tip: put the lobster on the side and grind up that piece of meat.
Seems like a waste. A good burger doesnt need gimmicky stuff like seafood on it, and lobster tempura could have easily been on the side with some dipping sauce or seasoning. Otherwise this looks great
God I hate reindeer
Pro tip put the lobster on the side with some dipping sauce or seasoning.
[deleted]
Looks like a New York strip and Meringue with the strawberries.

Wow. 
Vermont is a hidden culinary powerhouse. They're big on local food there, and they're taught by [NECI](http://www.neci.edu/). Great place to go on an epicurean vacation. 
FYI the owners of the restaurant closer to the bottom (hen of the wood) own an AMAZING apres ski place called doc ponds in Stowe, VT

P.S. If youre still in our tiny one area code state visit Misery Loves Company and Mule Bar for drinks in Winooski - the heady topper is always available and focal banger very frequently 
Food and beer. Vermont do those very well!
That looks like the most perfectly executed pork I've ever seen. 
Is that yellow cauliflower?
Looks amazing! I have not been to Starry Night Cafe, but I will surely put that on my list (love the food in VT)

If you ever come back, definitely check out these restaurants. They happen to be my favorites in the Burlington Area.

Dinner

- **Trattoria Delia** - Italian
- **Pizzeria Veritas** - Amazing Pizza
- **Shelburne Farms** - Pricey, but is the epitome of VT's Farm-to-Table (is in Shelburne, VT)
- **The Farmhouse** - Amazing burgers / best beer list (huge on Farm-to-Table)
- **El Cortijo** - Mexican (same owners as farmhouse)
- **Folinos** - Pizzeria in Shelburne, VT. The pizza is amazing, but I mostly pick this because it is attached to the Fiddlehead Brewery (one of the favorites in VT). You can grab a growler, then pop right next door (they are in the same building) and eat your pizza while cracking open Fiddlehead's Finest (the restaurant is BYOB). Also, if you're into hiking, Mt. Philo is very close and a very easy hike. The effort-to-payoff ratio is huge! Stop by Folino's / Fiddlehead after.
- (sleeper pick) **Pho Hong** - BYOB vietnamese restaurant. Amazing pho and other vietnamese dishes and decent atmosphere. However, you're a huge pho fanatic, Pho Dang in Winooski is better (BYOB too but atmosphere is shittier).

Brunch

- **Penny Cluse** - Everything here is delicious. However, if you come on a weekend, have some other goal in mind (e.g., grab some coffee, shop around church street, go to the farmers market) because the wait will be an 1hrs+. Just put your name in, walk around for a bit, come back and your table will be ready shortly!
- **Sneakers** - Similar to Penny Cluse (wait time). They will ask you to wait at the bar next door. Grab a bloody, play some pool or a board game or two
- **Shelburne Farms** - Only serve brunch on Sunday's, but it is magnificent (only open seasonally)
- (sleeper pick) **Pearl Street Diner** - Small mom and pop place on lower Pearl Street by the Dunkin's. BYOB or BYOM (Bring Your Own Mimosa). Get the scrambowl (bassically a breakfast hash of any type topped with hollandaise and a side of bread).


DO NOT list (list of places that I have personally been let down at. Experiences may vary)

- **Magnolias** (breakfast) - Although I'm the last person to complain about service, the past 3 times I have been here the service has let me down only to be presented with sub-par food.
- **Leunigs** (dinner) - While the food is decent, and the atmosphere really nice, for the price I would pick any of the other restaurants I mentioned. Only time I may come here is a nice summer / fall night where I would like to sit outside on Church street to dine.
- **American Flatbread** (lunch / dinner) - Good pizza and decent beer (Zero Gravity brewery is based here), but I would go Pizzeria Veritas instead
- **Sweetwaters / Ri Ra's** - Just please don't go here!
- **Ice House** - Very expensive for okay food

EDIT: added a couple places
Did you go to Leunig's while you were here? If not, come back.
Vermont also has some of the best beer in the country. (The Alchemist brewery as well as Lawson's Finest Liquids, etc.)
So how much weight did you put on during that trip? lol
The recipe for those Parker House rolls from Hen of the Wood was invented by my ex. The food they make there makes regular food feel like garbage. 
Sweet, I love potato chips!
Hen of the Wood has two locations. Judging by the waterfall you were at the original Waterbury, VT location (the other is in Burlington, VT).
If you are still up there, I really suggest going to American Flatbread in Warren or Burlington, they have some amazing wood fired pizza, and also The Reservoir in Waterbury, they have some amazing burgers. 
Man I'm sure people love that stuff but I'd basically eat none of it. Me and fancy places don't mix well :P
Dude, stop telling people how great Vermont is. Everyone is gonna go there...But, seriously, everyone should go there. 
Who'd a thunk it. Props. 
Is that not pickled cauliflower?

Looks like amazing meals. Beautiful pictures too
Eating raw beef, although I've done it, makes me uncomfortable.
I read the descriptions of the pictures in a deep British accent for some reason.  The food looks great.
I can't believe no one here has mentioned The Weathersfield Inn: http://www.weathersfieldinn.com

Two of the greatest meals of my life -- a tasting while on the search for my wedding venue, and the subsequent wedding's reception dinner. The executive chef there at the time -- Jason Tostrup -- is amazing. 

I know he moved on to Okemo in 2013; never been, but I'd go there just to eat his food again.
I'm hungry now.
jim gaffigan was right. pictures of food really is like porn when youre hungry.
Ahh hen of the wood. I used to work at starry night. The chef that opened that place back in the day passed away unexpectedly a few months ago. He was a character. My wife and I moved to Waterbury and whenever any family comes to town, we take them to hen of the wood. 
That french toast looks thick and delicious. I wonder what kind of bread it is.
Special sausage. 
it's a well kept secret.  we eat like Gods in Vermont.  even if you don't have money, the basic bread, cheese, beer, etc. you can by in your local store is second to NONE.
Am I the only person that read "rare steak, I believe it was sirloin," and thought, "why don't you know?!?" 
Bernie Sanders approves of this restaurant.
Living in Japan, I miss this type of stuff so much
If you ever make it up interstate 91, visit Lago Trattoria in Newport!

Cockadoodle Pizza Cafe in Bethel is also a favorite of mine.
Your missing dessert component is a meringue, that dish looks to be a play on [eton mess](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eton_mess)
The food all looks fucking amazing, but that view from Restaurant #2.... Impeccable.  
Why the prices on the 1st 2 pics, then no more prices. This irritated me much more than it should have.
Well, I just got a weird erection...
hope you're not very old if that's the best food you've ever had.
I... need to go to vermont more often...
I can't identify what's on that plate beyond what looks like a Scotch Egg, and Waffle Fries.
God damn, even more reasons to move to Vermont.
The chocolate looks like a skidmark on the back of my toilet 
A guide to American cuisine. Take something Europeans consider sacrosanct, make it bigger then add cheese or something fried, for best results both. Why? Because it's God damned fucking delicious that's why!
Le Bernie Sanders!  Best food and best socialists!
Meh.
One fried cheese ball and some soup for 8 bucks?
Im sorry but I cant get past the fact that that steak tartar is just so wrong. I don't want crisps with my goddam steak tartar.
The winner?
https://i.imgur.com/OnfYEAM.gifv
Dang.  I need to try a smoked turkey. Roast is good and fried is way better.  
Cool. We had fried and smoked yesterday and will have roasted today. 
Which one is which exactly? 
Just like me after getting done work!
I'll have mine fried please. Ain't nothing better then a fried turkey with the appropriate amount of Cajun seasonings.
You should try boiled!
Sweet mother of God. Just saw these on my newsfeed. Went to Highschool with your relative Tyler. 
Title sounds like something a background friend would say after the more forward friend just insulted someone.
Smoked please
my friends..
Flava Flav was the last thing to be this "fried, smoked and roasted". Good work, OP
How many people are in your family that you need 3 turkeys? 
I'm sure I'm wrong but to me it looks like some strange mockery of western food.
+16 rads
Is that a findus crispy pancake I see?
I'm sure I'm wrong but to me it looks like rice, miso soup, spaghetti, slaw with thousand island dressing?, not sure about the ball... mashed potato? What looks like fried fish (if I'm right the yellowish sauce would be tartar then?), either meatloaf or a hamburg steak with onion gravy and a piece of ham or possibly bologna?

It looks like some strange mockery of western food. I hope I'm very wrong.
The only thing you should be eating in Hiroshima is Okonomiyaki. I swear to you on me mum it is amazing. Many places in Japan serve this but Hiroshima has perfected it. 
I don't buy it.  I see cole slaw, spaghetti, a slice of ham, meatloaf and gravy, a fried fish fillet, a little dollop of mashed potatoes, a bowl of white rice, and a cup of soup.  Clearly you're at a Golden Corral.
You went to Hiroshima. Where's the okonomiyaki? The giant oysters? The momiji manju cakes? The lemon hot pot!?

source: am half Hiroshimanese.
That's a cool sweater.
Should try some okonomiyaki.
That food looks like tha bomb.

(I'll show myself out)
Japanese western food I suppose. If you're in Hiroshima, try the okonomiyaki! They say their style is the best (but it's not...)
That looks delicious. What's in the cup?

and now I am hungry. 
Looks like it was microwaved.
Starting at the 12 o'clock position going clockwise: Hambaagu, ham, spaghetti, julienned cabbage and carrots with dressing, mashed potato, croquette. Then a huge bowl of rice and a mug of miso soup.
really nice sweater! I want it!
Matsuya !

Would love for a franchise to pop up in the US. Missed the delicious near instantaneous feast that could be had for 5$ instantly.

Google shows nothing... anyone ever hear contrary?
139 comments at this time...11 of them say "this is da bomb"

Go, reddit!
MAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAN..... I want to go to Japan SOOOOOO bad.
Is that a random piece of balogna on there? Looks tasty! I'm starving and could destroy some nice simple miso and rice right now.
Where at in Hiroshima? I lived there for 4 years. Honduri street was always the stomping grounds, but the okinomayaki (sp) mega building place next to the shin has some of the best food in the city. 
that looks like a terrible cafeteria in Japan 
how is this even noteworthy?
No mushrooms?
It looks good Looks almost like a sampler plate or something.
it looks just like western food with rice...japanese food is the most western asian food.
Welcome to Weeaburger can take order prease?!
Looks like a lot of rice - is it common to serve a lot of rice with your meals in Japan? I remember as a kid visiting something of that sort.
Better take some Rad-X first.
Looks bomb.
Mmm, folded ham.  Just like mom used to make. 
+5 Rads
+10 Rads
Was expecting some Fallout 4 like food.
Is that atomic sauce on the meat balls?
Did you find any Nuka-Cola?
"How do I heat this up?" 
"Just nuke it in the microwave"
Its radiation deformities are barely noticable
Get a doggie bag so you could nuke it tommorrow.
That doesn't look irradiated
It looks like their idea of "Western food", except for the miso soup. 
The serving size looks so small :&lt;
The miso soup?
Looks like everyday food from a cafeteria.
That looks like food, but not good food.  
Boloney on a stick? 
All the crappy jokes about nukes in this post are A+
Heureusement il y a Findus I'm sure I'm wrong but to me it looks like some strange mockery of western food.
Not quite, you're thinking of hambaagu, or hamburg steak, which is what you see is probably ketchup and not bombs.
That looks horrible. 
That food looks like its the bomb
[Other food from the area](http://img2.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20140505093603/non-aliencreatures/images/7/7a/Blinky_the_Three-Eyed_Fish.png)
How are you supposed to eat the larger components with chopsticks?


[deleted]
Fallout 4 
+5 Rads with every bite
looks BOMB!

I hear the Cram is great over there.
How many rads does it have?
Does it give you super powers
looks cold, might have to nuke it
I like my food slightly radioactive.
That looks bomb

I bet that food is just da' bomb
Came here expecting something referencing radiation or third legs or something. Kinda disappointed 
Assuming that I have no rad food resistance. How many rads do I get from this meal? 
I hear it's the bomb
That looks bomb as hell.
I bet your Geiger counter doesn't appreciate this.
Watch out, you'll get +5 Rads per second for 10 seconds after eating that.
This food is the Bomb!
that looks bomb.
Foods gone cold?  Just nuke it. 
Is it radioactive? 
That food is the bomb
Served with an ample helping of RadAway
What is the geiger counter reading on that?
+4 Rads
When it gets cold, do they nuke it in the microwave? 
This looks like it radiats tastieness.
horrible
Does it glow when the lights are off?

Too soon?
I'd eat that with a nice ice cold Nuka-Cola.
Does it come with radiation? 
Do they use the "atomic" spice rating?
Restaurant quality looks! Recipe? :)
Not checking out the pic. From Thumbnail looks delicious. And I'm on a frickin diet. Just came here to say this. Have fun all you slim people while fatties like me suffer. Sorry for the buzzkill. 
Reminds me of 닭강정

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jSh6VJYRV-g
Recipe please! Looks great!
That looks so delicious! 
Beautiful color.
Could you make a cooking video so I can make this at home?
Damn that looks delicious as FUCK! Mmm
As someone who has hardly cooked a thing in my life, do you think this is possible to make for a beginner? 
Damn, that looks pretty much perfect.
That looks good, does OP deliver? 
Not checking out the recipe right.
Need sauce! Jk jk. This looks absolutely delicious! This will be my next recipe.
i always wonder how people get the insanely abstract shapes, i try and they ALWAYS just come out as squares.
Did you make it spicier yourself? After reading the recipe it doesn't sound like it'd be too spicy. Spicy foods aren't exactly my cup of tea, but I've always loved a subtle sesame chicken and wouldn't mind giving this a shot. Thanks!
Looks delicious! The color is amazing. 
I want to eat this so much :P
NO WHY RHY!!!! HOW DARE YOU!  I'R SEE YOU IN HERR!!!
I actually have rice to make for a beginner?
I'd eat all of that!
I can only imagine this coming out the same color.
better than the restaurant
They made themselves?!?
I'd leave a comment on your WebZone if you'd e-mail me one of these pizza rolls.
They started from the bottom, now they're rolling in dough. #selfmade 
Fresh basil leaves taste alot better then the dried ones.
Do people actually eat entire basil leaves like that? 
Did you make the puff pastry sheets or buy them?
Nice, throw some pesto in there as well. 
Pedantically prone pragmatic person precisely prepared pinwheel puff pastry pizza pockets.
Looks yummy
Looks Delicious 
Is this what pizza puffs are?? Because I moved to Chicago like 6mo ago and I keep seeing them and wondering wtf they are
Mine got burned before the inside cooked
Give me the power, the power to devour 
The puff pastry is a little underbaked. Get that golded brown.
PIZZA'S NOT FOR BREAKFAST!!!
Sadly not in line for r/dogslookingatpizza
The 90's called and wants their commercial back #lame
Puff pastry is GOAT
Those rolls look store bought! All you need is flour and butter damnit! Make your own for a 5th the cost 
http://www.tonyastaab.com/2011/12/puff-pastry-pizza-rolls.html
There is this website that literally finds any website related to the search item you type into the little box on said website.  Link for the lazy of said website, as it seems most of the previous commenters are, in fact, lazy:
www.google.com.
Mail them to me
Recipe??
poor plate color choice, thumbnail just looks like a pizza
Fine Klingon cuisine 
First thought "ugh why would you do that" second thought "Ooo that looks good"
For calamari to get this color, you have to soak the tentacles for a day or two. Possibly Sous Vide? I used to do Port Wine Onion Straws on top of a couple of steaks we had. They looked exactly this color. It took about 1-2 days to get that deep red. Otherwise, they would give just a pink hue.

It's also super dark, which leads me to believe it might be Sangiovese, that pairs with most Mediterranean seafood. I'd expect to see something like this with a Seafood Antipasto, less so as an App.

Being that dark, I don't know how much Calamari you would taste. All I am looking at is wine tenderized tentacles with crostinis.

How was the cooked method done? Sous Vide? Don't see how you can cook this without getting rubberbands or raw wine flavored, raw calamari.

Would have to smell and taste, for sure. Where was this made? Home or Business? If am near the area, I would love to try it.
I'm not a fan of calamari or red wine but god damn that looks good.
mmmm, look at those tentacles, just want to slurp em up!
Oh my gosh. 
That looks amazing. I've done a slow cooked squid recipe by Raymond Blanc a while ago and you really get a wonderful new flavour and texture from the animal.
Oh yes!
That's a badass joint damn
Would the Be-Be-Beaver Boys eat this? I don't know. 
Actually, I have it on good authority that it's not "calamari" if it's not breaded. 


recipe please
looks kinda gross tho
Sure this isn't pork bung?
That is one bad-ass looking calamari...
Get in my mouth!
Or just some finely cut up beets? :)
This squid is actually well disguised beets.
As a person who really hates the taste of wine...that looks disgusting. 
You killed Admiral Ackbar!  How could you?!
R
Go back to culinary school, op
It totally looks like red cabbage. Now to match calamari structure and taste with it... 
Admiral Akbar was actually right, I guess... It was a trap, indeed.

This looks tasty. And from the year 1988.
What are the white wedges? Everything looks great!
Wow, that looks delicious! How long did it take to make all of that food? 
What is that in the most bottom left plate? Looks like bullets.
Looks like the pilgrims took this picture.
Where are you?
The empanadas look Colombian
But the top right it looks like Argentinian milanesa.
Next year I'm totally making pierogis.... 
I could tell you were in Spain the minute I saw the plate of Manchego!
Mmmm.  Roasted corn.  Nice shout out to Squanto.
"little"
Would prefer any spanish food over a Thanksgiving dinner any day of the year
I thought you 2 were eating bullet casings for a moment,Bottom left.  
Awesome!
I wish we could see the actual color of the food instead of the heavy filter
*Coming over with lots of Tupperware*
Is there some magical internet guide about how to live abroad? Source?
Now roll it up in a tortilla and feed it to me, orally..
Recipe? That looks so good 
My favorite breakfast meal. You have good taste my friend! 
Do you ship over night? I need that. 

Looks great, any special ingredients?
Anyone else see a face?
Are you kidding? That looks like a glorious mess! Usually food like that tastes better to me than food that looks too pristine. 
This reminds me so much of camping. We always buy a precooked/frozen mix that looks LIKE this (probably not as fresh and tasty) that we use for breakfast over the still-hot coals of the previous night's fire. 
Corned beef hash is a huge favorite dish of mine. As you made it, with eggs.
One of the few times my mouth has literally watered looking at a food picture. Strangely this looks waaaaaay more appetizing than most things I see on the internet, cause its my kinda food =P
Just give me a giant spoon and leave me alone.
I love that you added peppers to yours. I don't see that very often around my neck of the woods. The eggs are a must. Just beautiful.
My experience with corned beef hash has always been on the disappointing side, personally. However, it's always been the kind out of a can. I'd imagine there are few similarities between the two taste-wise. 
I find that hard to believe because it looks fucking incredible.
I'm guessing that's 3 servings. 
That does look good. Corned beef is awesome 
It looks delicious!  I love Corned Beef Hash!
Or 1 serving if you run fast enough.
Costco sells a great addition.
Is it better than Toad's new Cream-Chip Beef-Corn Beef Combo-Can?

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rWZw1bUeoMY
Oh, i dont know, that looks pretty god damn yummy.
Looks Delicious 
I absolutely love corn beef hash and that looked amazing! I personally dont eat it just because in Portugal it is an import and is cheaper to buy a pork shoulder than it is a can of corned beef.
recipe recipe recipe recipe recipe
Ah Hawaii. Gotta love our food.
No sauce? No pepperoni (or any other toppings)? What's wrong with you? 

That's not a pizza, you just put macaroni on bread. 
At Ians pizza in Madison wi and at sals pizza in Appleton... Mac and cheese pizza is THE BEST. 
Can I get some carbs with that?
This looks fucking horrible.
Seems like it would be awfully dry. 
Disappointed with this subreddit... over 600 Upvotes for that filthy thing
Someone was clearly missing CiCi's. 
I would be the minority here and say I'd absolutley love that, I was a huge fan of the Mac n cheese pizza at cicis. 
Inspired by [Parks and Rec](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/56/61/2c/56612cdc527d278190453f77175ebc8b.jpg)?
Put some bacon and jalapeno on that pizza and you will really get the people screaming.
The last thing I want on carbs is more carbs. 
There's a pizzeria around my way that makes this to perfection and it is not dry at all.
Add some breadcrumbs and truffle oil and I'm sure it would be delicious. 
Carbs on carbs on carbs
BUT WHY?! Just because you can do something doesn't mean you should!!
muh carbs
add Alfredo sauce profit. 
I can actually hear you getting fatter 
What happened to this poor sub?..
This looks dry and awful. I literally had to go get a drink of water after looking at this picture.
If there's no tomato, there's no pizza.
Looks great, would devour

Tonys used to (or maybe still does) make a frozen mac and cheese pizza.  Sat in the freezer for awhile, finally had it and it was amazing.  walmart hasn't stocked it since.  :(  Similar to whatever they did with their larger square pizza line, suddenly now the stock is all their regular old stuff.
Looks awesome! All of the cheese! 
I loved these as a kid 
Drooling intensifies...
How
Maybe next time just use a baked densely packed mac and cheese as a base and put pizza toppings on that then broil the top, /r/food loves heart attack junk like that. 
Chuckie cheese has the best macaroni pizza IMO
That looks so awesome. Macaroni and cheese pizza. Wow that's a nifty combo =)
I get this at Dimo's in Chicago. The absolute best. 
Should get some breadsticks.. not enough carbs yet
but did you season it
If you put some bacon bits on top I would definitely eat it.
Yum. Mac and cheese is always better when it's baked to a dry and crunchy crispy and served on top of flatbread. A real winner here.
I had pizza with fries on it in Italy. Was meh.
Starchy stodgy stomach ball.
Do you mind sharing your recipes for either t he puzza,dough, or both? 
Add pizza sauce and bacon
Pure Carbo, nice xD
needs bacon and jalapeños.
Well there goes my diet plan.
the carbs, oh the carbs
introducing Carbs now with cheese 
Carbogeddon!
Mmmmm... Yes, I would like more diabetes on my pizza please. I need to use my exogenous insulin more frequently. 
Carbs on top of carbs, seems kinda redundant.
Poke holes in your dough all over with a fork to avoid bubbling. 
Don't you mean ruined pizza? 

Or Mac n cheese bread?
OH my, my kids would just love this!!
We call this a "Mac n' Chizza."
That is the most disgusting looking pizza I've ever seen.  It doesn't even deserve the title of pizza.  This sub should be called /whitetrashvittles
Oh God why?
Needs red sauce
ewww. What so nice about mac n cheese? too much cheese = me want to vomit
So this is what qualifies as a quality post on this sub. Macaroni and Cheese dumped on to premade pizza dough.  What a shitpost.
Should have used Ketchup as the sauce. Trust me on that one.
got carbs?
Looks great, I love mac and cheese pizza! Did you put any sort of sauce on it? I can't tell from the picture.

0My husband usually makes it with cheddar sauce (like in the picture) but has thought about maybe trying a garlic butter sauce. 

[caption](http://imgur.com/uQo9IaA.jpg)
Cici's yummm
All I see is empty calories with no protein. 
Maybe with some tomato sauce I'd eat that
why more starch as a topping, just the cheese would be ok
[For the Burger enthusiast](https://youtu.be/Ly-NDc_AAr4), this guys channel is very informative...and will make you very hungry.
I wish I could make patties that thin at home. No matter how much I pound them flat, poke little divots in them, etc they always come out like tennis balls.
That looks... Pretty bad actually 
Why? Why? All I see is a burger. Where is the hidden family? 
I don't know what family owned has to do with it. You could get the same thing at Wendy's. And there's no guarantee that a restaurant is good just because it's family owned.
Be still my heart
Looks pretty terrible. doesn't even look like they made the patties or the buns. Buns are from the grocery store and the patties are from the frozen aisle. If this gets to the front page, that reaffirm my prediction that this sub has no standards.
Those are my favorite kind of fries.
I too like cheap looking cardboard burgers and "cheese"
Because they sell burgers and fries?
This looks really gross actually.

It looks like something that you could get at Mcdonalds minus the fries. (order 4 cheeseburgers then stack them on top of one another underneath a single bun)

I don't know why they wouldn't just use larger patties or at least put some other condiments on it then just "cheese n' bacon".
I can taste the greasyness just by observing the picture.
Where? How was it? 
Awesome... A stack of frozen patties.... Gross
Now thats a burger
That's the worst Dave's Hot N' Juicy 1lb'er w/ bacon I've ever seen. Complain to Wendys corporate. 
I'm fine with the content but I'm really tired with the bitching. So I'm unsubbing
*snackbars
I still prefer In-N-Out...and it's family owned!
Families can own franchises, does that count?  Nah, fuck those families!
Those fries look so good!
because they dont understand cost effectivness in portioning 
How about Wahlburgers? 
Family owned restaurants are the best
Looks great apart from the plastic cheese
Fries.
Does no one else here understand that this is a sarcastic post?
I bet it was damn cheap too. Gotta love it.
Looks almost like in-n-out, also family owned!
I want all that in my mouth
so lovely taste  and degine and so  beautiful  and good  cooking.
that burger is missing an egg 4 / 10
Looks like what you might get at a fast-food restaurant or chain restaurant.
doesn't look that good..kinda dry and looks like processed patties?
Those fries / chips look so weird, brown..

I give you advised after taking family restaurant change your toothbrush every 3 to 4 months or even sooner if bristles look frayed and have started breaking.
Whatchya put in it?
Print out a picture and wrap it around the container. Then you'll remember the contents. 
shake it, don't break it, took you 5 minutes to make it!
should have made 2 of them, one for mixing and one as decorative jar (which also shows you how much of which spice you put in there if you wanna mix it again)....
Shake it like a Polaroid picture!
Shake it and deliver the final pic
Edible sand art
That looks pretty cool; it reminds me of being a kid in Oregon and they had this market thingy where you would fill up your own tiny bottle with colored sand ... I know that sounds lame but as a kid it was the coolest thing in the world - for - some - reason.
i read that title as space mix...
Make sure you shake it like a Polaroid picture...
"Life is like a layered shaker- you never know what you're going to get." -op
**JUST DO IT**
how did you come up with the idea? thats cool!
😬😬😬
What would you say separates this most from a classic Tarte Tatin? [Random reciepe here.](http://www.bbc.co.uk/food/recipes/tartetatin_80584)
mmm looks good. Also can someone explain reddits obsession with cast iron foods. 
Fantastic. Recipe? 
Thanks for the recipe B_Rechin. What do you do with the Carmel?  Is it served on the side?  Is it poured over the whole top of the warm cake?
oh my god.
Came here to ask the same but in a cast iron skillet is hot and the results are different from the recipe B_Rechin.
Hi, thanks for this recipe. If I use granulated sugar instead of brown one, is it a problem please?
Oh my god, they make cake now?
Cast iron cooking is not very common in my country. Can you tell me, is this the same pan you would then use to cook bacon/eggs/whatever savoury item? Or do you have separate pans for savoury and sweet?
Yum im gonna try making this!
That does not look good.
Looks incredibly tasty.  Great post from start to finish.  
Must have been hard killing a deer that had a rifle
I'm honestly surprised there's not more of this on this sub. One of the things that I came to realize in high school is that people vastly misunderstand the population of hunters in the US. A lot of them seem to think that around half of hunters process deer at all, and the rest are just out for trophies. I had to patiently explain to them that although yes, many hunters like having trophies, there is not one hunter I know that refuses the meat from it. The hunters that do are what we like to call, "assholes", and are looked down upon by all of society. Especially when this delicious creation above is the alternative.
I hope you're also making jerky!
Please consider posting this and any other game image boards in /r/FieldToTable 
aren't you supposed to put the mustard after you sear? 
Looks amazing.. I also have that same rifle, only a special left handed version =D. 
What's weird about the proscuttio? I've never had a Wellington that didn't have it
This is what really living is! Kill your food, clean it, cook it, enjoy the fruits of your labor. People who say this is wrong have no clue. 
Nicely done. Looks great. For posting purposes, I suggest you use the final product for the thumbnail picture, rather than the dead dear. But all the pictures are great.
Where are you? Can't shoot a 5-pointer where I'm from. 6-points+ only.
I feel like that should have been on nicer dinnerware hahaha
Ah man, you missed out on a real flavor enhancer.  Let the meat stand for a week in a meat locker next time.  It will be much more juicy and tender.  Fresh meat isnt actually better.  Thats why fine steak restaurants dry age their beef.
The pup tax &lt;3 / gotta love a pit
Lots of comments that are off in the woods, but holy hell. The amount of knowledge that you'd have to have before going into this is incredible. Good kill, solid preparation, and what must have been an outstanding meal. Congrats!
something i was always curious about regarding wild caught/hunted venison...

What about paracites ? you guys have the animal checked out before you toss it on the grill ?
That looks incredible
Beautiful! I just cooked a backstrap tonight (fresh from yesterday) but I just did it in cast iron and I never would have thought to try a wellington. How much did he weigh? Because that is a sweet looking backstrap you have there. 

Side question--I thought that foie gras was used with the mushrooms on the outside of a wellington (before you wrap it in the puff pastry)?
My word. That looks absolutely amazing
You are a real son of a bitch for not sharing that with me

Seriously, that looks fuckin' great
That is a damn fine looking rifle. Is that a 742? Nice meat by the way.
Never tried Venison. What best describes its taste?
It's the venison time of year again and I don't have access to any since I don't live with my dad. I would pay so much for a chunk of venison, is my favorite meat!
Great album, thanks for sharing! I would eat this in a heartbeat. You said "backstrap," which I assume is the tenderloin? 

Adorable dog as well!
Gordan Ramsey always never fails at making good recipes I think.
My chef friend was just telling me I needed to try this. Then you posted this! My wife can't stand mushrooms, so technically I made a venison en croute. But same principals.  I spread a layer of wilted spinach on the prosciutto instead of the pate or mushrooms. It ended up medium well almost well, but was still amazing none the less! Thanks for the inspiration!
[deleted]
Wow this looks incredible. I've never actually had deer before. How does it compare to your typical beef Wellington?
Awesome, nice Remington.
looks amazing.  Only dinner I've ever had that I killed the same day was fish and delicious, would love to do this some day.
Is there a risk of getting a parasite when eating meat from a wild animal?
That looks so so good!!
Damn! Looks good!
beautiful cut of fresh venison but why frozen puff pastry? :( 
Hmmm... Isn't red meat supposed to be better if you age it (under the right conditions) a bit before consumption? I thought a fresh kill generally had tougher meat.
Poor bambi
Pretty sure you need to put Beef/Venison Wellington in the oven after you sear it.
I love tiny food. 
Seems more like an hors-d'oeuvre than a slider.
[Little Bits](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gj4-E5Hs3Kc)
argg!!!  Perfect timy tomatoes in that tiny sandwich!
Wow those are perfect for any sports party.Yummy.
Why are they called sliders?
I want these.
damn that looks yummy
Damn. I want these . Why most small things looks so delicious .
I would eat like 20 of these things 
Thanks for sharing
cool
Or just chicken sliders
Cafe no se?
The chicken burgers have been on my front page for almost a full day. Why is reddit like this now?
If ita chicken doesn't that make it a sandwhich
Those are mini burgers. Sliders are thin burgers like a mcdonalds hamburger.
I miss the döners in Germany so much. Idk what they put in that garlic sauce but it's heaven.
Donerteller and the ninja turtles
http://i.imgur.com/qa258lq.jpg
Döner macht schöner!  Döner macht schöner! 
All these fancy german words, I could only thing of Donner party references.
Missing that ö OP.
Does it have fries underneath? If it does, then we call it 'Kapsalon' in the Netherlands.
DOENER MACHT SCHOENER! gosh id kill for some. moved to the USA about 8 years ago. Found only one legit doener place here in DC. always a highlight whenever i make it there..
Radical!
German living in the US right now. Nearly missing döner more than my girlfriend.
Seriously the top 5 posts in this sub is just fancy fastfood. What is going on
When I'm in Vegas, I always have the "Pennenteller." It's magic.
That looks amazing! 
That looks fucking delicious.
Dürümdöner = best döner
We have a döner spot in St. Pete, Fla luckily -- delicious!

http://doonersus.com/
Was expecting a purple turtle.
Donerteller Versace!
I want to go back to Germany for the food! My husband and I would get the best döners in Wurzburg. It's been 16yrs and my mouth is watering lol
Döner Kebabs is basically something you find in every single European country. It was quite interesting being able to see how the middle eastern people (from a variety of countries) that typically own and operate the restaurant adapt to the culture and language of the respective country their restaurant is in. Being able to see them speak in perfect Spanish, French, English, German, Euskera (Basque), Dutch, Italian or whatever primarily language of the country/region was outstanding. You can always count on finding a Kebab place open at 2-3am when you're hungry, possibly drunk or high and everything else is closed. «¡Uno de mixto, Macho, por favor»! They're always a cheap option. That plate probably cost 7-9€.

Every time I mention wanting a Kebab, my friends from California/US aren't imagining the same thing I am. What a shame.
[deleted]
does it even close?
Doener or Döner :) 
Doner teller anyone that I ate this much food by myself.
I read that in my best Pittsburgh accent
Is the meat served on rice?

If so it looks almost identical to Shawarma-on-rice from NYC's ubiquitous halal carts.
i tried the sauce once and it tasted like pudding. wasnt my favorite
*Best served when drunk*
Donerteller? I just met her!
BRING ON THE KRAÜTER SAUCE!
I really miss the Schnell Imbiss or Schnelly.  My favourite food memories of German junk food started by Friday night trips to 'Pongos' the bratty wagen on Barracks in Osnabruck.
Don't eat Donatello, he's a conscious turtle being! D:
Sounds like a redneck trying to say the purple ninja turtle's name. 
I think that's what the Netherlands calls a kapsalon.
Sounds like a southern redneck talking about the Ninja Turtle Donatello
Sounds like a hick trying to say "Donatello".
... I feel slightly embarrassed to admit that the first thing that popped into my head when I saw the title was the theme from the old Ninja Turtles cartoon.
god that looks so good
doner teller  = doner plate
This blows the NYC food cart chicken and rice post from the other day out of the water.
That looks so good. F all the haters!
As a British person I am always amazed how much love doner kebabs get on here. They were significantly better in Berlin though! 
Hope your mystery meat was nice. Who knows what the fuck is in it.
Also known as Lebensmittelvergiftung
Doesn't match the Dönerbox, which usually comes with well seasoned fries and (if you choose so) curry sauce instead of the standard cocktail and/or yogurt sauces. Also, Sriracha should be on that.
That doesn't look good, is that Ranch Dressing?
The absolute madman hahahahaha
Original gif: http://i.imgur.com/ajaTf0n.gifv

Original post: https://www.reddit.com/r/food/comments/3pl3lo/pizza_bread/

Only difference is she also added melted butter on top and some garlic salt.
she actually did it

the  absolute madwoman
I feel like this would be really good with a garlic butter sauce like they do at papa johns

Cool mom!
I wish I had a mom
Next year I would send her a gif of Scarlett Johansson and see what happens 
we did the same thing but slightly different. used pizza dough, stuffed two slices of pepperoni with mozzarella/dough into a ball. place said balls in one of those bunt cake rings to make a ring. top with cheese and bake for about 15-20 mins. it doesn't need much time. the bunt cake mold helped crisp up the center balls because if you placed them all throughout the baking pan in a circle the middle ones wouldnt really cook like the outer edge ones.   
OP, your mom is awesome.
I've been making that stuff almost every week since I saw that gif. It's fucking amazing.
Next year: Beef Wellington 
Nice Job.
Well looks like i'll be making this pretty soon.
wow that looks so mediocre
Goatse really ruins a lot of things. 
As the person who posted the other Swedish meatballs post, this is NOT the same picture. This person made this on their own.

And it looks delicious.
[This](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C8Wu3Bps9ic) is how you make Swedish Meatballs.
Recipe or it didn't happen..... Please?
Y'all are all roasting this poor guy, but it's not even the same picture as two days ago.
Bork bork bork.
Köttbullarna och såsen samtidigt, vad är detta för blasfemi?!
I made Swedish meatballs today too, I used Alton Brown's recipe. It was good but I think your recipe sounds better. 
As a Danish guy often visiting IKEA, I need to try this.
I don't see ANY grape jelly in there!!
Doesn't look much different 
[deleted]
I got excited because the thumbnail led me to believe it was Swedish meatball pizza.
I want a giant one. Gimmie a giant Swedish meatball! OM NOM NOM I AM ED!
I would eat these in a Swedish taco.
Nope one of the commenters in the other post said that Swedish meatballs can't have oregano on the top...

Go try to fool someone else you dirty Norwegian -.-
Great, now Ikea has the recipe.
Mmm, this with a piece of crusty bread would be amazing.
**I LIKE YOUR MEATBALLS**
As an American living in Stockholm, Sweden... the first thing I learned is that most of the meatball recipes here do NOT have nutmeg or allspice in the meat mixture, just salt and pepper. Allspice is used occasionally for Christmas meatballs.
As a Swede, I have to tell you this.

You **don't** cook the meatballs together with the sauce. You make the meatballs, and then make the sauce separately by deglazing the pan and then add double cream.

Also, lingonberry jam is of utmost importance.

It sure looks delicious though.
how did you invent the cow from which to attain the meat?  "scratch"

that looks great btw.
Är det värkligen? Jag såg denna posten andra dagen.. Det låter inte så sant.
Does it have a satisfying snap, then pop when you bite into the fruit?
Oh my gosh I LOVE pomegranates!!!!!   
My sister loves melting Hershey kisses and dipping strawberries.... Last year I got an amazing idea to put pom seeds in the melted chocolate.. 

IT WAS THE MOST AMAZING THING EVER...   OMG BRB I NEED TO GO TO THE STORE..... NOT EVEN JOKING!!!!

I haven't eaten a pomegranate in years but aren't you supposed to spit out the seeds? seems like eating that would be a nightmare.
All those hard seeds!
Looks absolutely scrumptious!
Where did you get it? :-O
Ruff
I recognize everyone except for the panda in the middle. Very cute!
You're stealing your girlfriend's karma!?!?!
You know nothing of pokemon? 
0/10 no squirtle squad glasses 
That's really cool. What is the icing made from? 
Gotta eat 'em all!
Your girlfriend is way cooler than you..
Almost didn't notice Umbreon, I am sad that there is no Vaporeon
Who knows nothing about pokemon? You gotta know something.
Those are fantastic!
Real life is creeping into reddit - I almost got a tattoo from her last December.
wwwobbuffet!
Looks great. 

But everyone thinks I'm crazy because I only like thin layers of icing. In fact I usually scrape icing off my cake when I go to parties. It's just too much sugar for me to enjoy.

So if you gave me one of these, your pokemon would end up looking like it fell into a vat of toxic waste.
Except u have to eat fondant
Looks like a lot of fondant . Doesn't take a scientist to cut fondant into shapes. Nice try though. One of those would send you into a sugar coma.
This has been Christmas dinner for the last few years.  This year, we're traveling over the holidays.  :(  Looks perfect! 
Instantly hard.
Looks so good.. like it melts in your mouth
I wouldn't really call that mid rare, but it is a solid medium. I've probably cooked over 500 of them. Also use a sharper knife and try to slice through it with as little cuts as possible to avoid it looking like that.
please feed me
Oh god, my whole mouth just filled with saliva... Looks amazing!
"She's a beut, Clark!"
Asking a dumb question here because I'm new...but when I google this recipe it turns up the top five hits on a with the initials S.E. I've googled, and I guess my google-fu is failing me right now, why would links to this site, especially considering it has it's own sub, be banned?  Apologies if this has been covered...
Ok thank you.
My mom would find a way to use that picture against me. It's THAT good.
Recipe?
When I opened this picture, angles broke out into song.
thats medium
Perfection.  Great job. 
I don't like it that rare.
Duck is underrated.
Very nice! Looks perfectly medium rare. Is that a black currant sauce? It's hard to see...
I need a good sauce recipe for duck if anybody has one. thanks
restaurant dish or yours? recipe please if available.
I would have sex with that!
3 whole mouthfuls 
3 whole mouthfuls Never thought I would have sex with that!
3 whole mouthfuls 3 whole mouthfuls 3 whole mouthfuls 3 whole mouthfuls 3 whole mouthfuls 3 whole mouthfuls Never thought I would be into bestiality.
Duck really is great. But you can only find it (at least in CA/reno area) at select places. But it is yummy.
[deleted]
despite the negative comments this pizza is not overcooked. I think it's perfectly done. Looks tasty
God, I'm salivating. 
This looks like the best pizza in the world! I just finished diner and you made me hungry again. Good job!
That looks so good omg
this is better than porn. nommmm
I grew up in Naples (Napoli) and this is a beautiful pizza!  

Bravo!




Looks good. Thanks so much for not calling it a pie.
Crust looks real good for oven baked! Replace the cheese with some fresh whole milk mozerella and you've got a winner.

I go back and forth between using my weber pizza kettle with charcoal/wood, and my gas oven/steel plate depending on how much work I feel like going through. To get a good char in the oven I found the most important thing is to make the dough as wet as you can while still being workable and minimize the dry flour usage while stretching the crust. You can always mist with olive oil too. Also a nice tip is some ovens (like mine) have a temp calibration setting. You can use this to your advantage so that when you set it to 500 degrees the true temp is more like 540.
looks good! 
Looks Delicious 
quanciale would be be damn good on pizza.
If your pizzas are coming out this good look into fior di latte or even just bocconcini. The difference will be astounding
Mmm, love me some cured pork jowl 
How do you keep pizza grease from staining your cutting board?!
It does seem a bit overcooked IMO. Definitely seems to have been in the oven longer than any pizza I had when I was in italy. Just my opinion. 
Napoletana is actually made with just herbs and tomato sauce.
Nothing like some ashy, burnt, soot pizza. Just like the "real" thing!
Isn't the cheese supposed to be circular?
Hotdogs work as a replacement for the spam

source: Poor
spam honestly isnt bad when prepared properly. That looks right fine.
My favorite way to eat spam is pan fried till crispy with fried eggs &amp; rice with oyster sauce on top. Yum!
I've actually been into spam lately. My favorite way to make it is spam sandwich spread. Basically like a tuna fish sandwich. I add pickle relish, mustard, mayo, and boiled eggs and sometimes minced onions. And mash up the spam with a fork then mix it all together. All these ingredients take away that bold powerful sorta unpleasant spam flavor and over all its just a pretty dang good sandwich
i wonder what r/food's consensus on spam musubi is. in my experience, its the cheapest stairway to heaven money can buy (for $0.99 at your local big save). too bad i dont live in hawaii, the food culture on the islands is just too good!
First off, I fuckin love Spam. Diced spam with eggs, bell peppers, and onions with a side of rice is one of my favorite dishes. Secondly, at $4.49 a can, Spam isn't a poor man's food lol.
Damn that looks good! You're making this poor man hungry.
Aaah good ol' swedish "pytt i panna". You should try that with a fried egg and pickled red beets.
**Ingredients	Serves 6**

* SPAM, cubed	1 340g can
* Medium white potatoes, cubed 	6
* Yellow onions, sliced	3
* Oil for frying	
* Carribean spice mix	3-5 tbsps

**Steps**

1. Heat a large pan on medium, then fry the spam in some oil. Fry until sides become a darker brown- 3-5 minutes. Remove SPAM from pan and set aside
2.Add potatoes to the pan, coat liberally with oil- about 1/4 cup. Toss to coat evenly, then add Caribbean spice mix and toss again to season evenly.
3. Cover with a lid and let cook for 5 minutes, toss and repeat until potatoes soften- about 15 minutes total.
4. Add the onions to the pan, cover and cook another 3 minutes til onions begin to soften.
5. Re-add the SPAM back to the pan and cook another 3-5 minutes.
We serve Spam at our McDonalds here in Hawaii. It's glorius.
Spam Musubi!
I hear Lobster Thermidor aux crevettes with a Mornay sauce, garnished with truffle pâté, brandy and a fried egg on top and Spam is pretty good.
We call it "pytt i panna" in sweden, with either sausage or beef. Never eaten it with spam.
Surprisingly, Spam isn't exactly cheap.  But it IS delicious.  

May I suggest you make Spam fried rice next?

Another suggestion:

SPAM, RAMEN, FRIED EGG... COMBINE...Sear the Spam first.
Get some of the chorizo spam. Cube it up about this size and pan fry until it's a little crispy on the outside.  Scramble up some eggs with it and top with shredded white cheddar and chunky picante sauce. One of my favorite weekend breakfasts!
Kind of allready exists in sweden, we call it "pytt i panna".
Spam gets a bad rap. Spam is actually pretty good. It's a better quality ingredient than people realize. Also the proper poor way to east spam is with ramen. LOL. 
Filipino girlfriend introduced me to spam, it really isn't bad. We had it with tocino (sweet, cured pork fried it water and its own fat), fried egg, and garlic fried rice. Absolutely delicious.
Looks yummy.

Spam is not cheap. Usually around $4 a can. And it's not poor people that eat it. It's popular all over the world especially Hawaii, Okinawa, and South East Asia.

One of my favorite ways is fried and served on sliced Portuguese Sweet Bread (otherwise known as King's Hawaiian Bread). Another is at the popular Japanese chain called Freshness Burger that has [spam burgers](http://www.freshnessburger.co.jp/menu/view.html?id=b-14) on their menu
Everyone is saying how spam is so expensive. Spam is intended for people with no refrigeration not no money.
Spam! Ain't the move it's imitation ham

Ham is pork and the pork is foul

Cut it like a pig and that ain't my style

Two MC's you know we're versatile
Best Spam recipe ever. Spam casserole! 10/10

4 ounces uncooked corkscrew shaped macaroni

1/2 cup finely chopped onion

1/3 cup chopped green pepper

1 tbsp butter

1 can SPAM! (diced into cubes the size of a 6 sided die I guess)

1 can condensed cream of mushroom soup (10oz)

1/2 cup ketchup

1/3 cup shredded cheddar

Cook the pasta. Heat the oven to 400°. Cook the onions and peppers in the butter until tender. Stir everything together in a casserole, cover and bake for 30 minutes and prepare to be fucking amazed. 
I only ever use spam to fish for catfish
SPAM has a gritty texture and coats my teeth with a weird coating that makes my teeth squeak.
Looks like a good feed. Try this next time too, corned beef + rice + egg + onion. Mix it all up for some delicious ez fried rice goodness.
the turkey spam aint too bad to make turkey casserole with
spam fried with yellow mustard dip, it's quite good actually..
That looks good. I might have to try spam after some 25 years. 
Spam is people. Spam is made of people.
I love Spam. Hot or cold. I sometimes have Spam and beetroot sandwiches, it's delicious! 
I really enjoy spam sliced in bread rolls with tomato sauce.  Basic and boring, but tasty!  Took my other half ages to try it ("but it's meat....from a can....mystery meat.....") and even they admitted it was good.  Probably wont admit it in public.
Spam is expensive in Japan, not considered poor man's food at all. 

When I first came to Japan, I was an advertisement on the train for ¥100,000 ($1000) a head meal. There was all this really expensive looking food, and sat there among all this was a can of spam. I can't afford a meal like that but if I could, I wouldn't want to be served spam (no it wasn't for charity) 
Spam is a quality meat product, I saw a documentary on it once. It gets a bad for no reason
Seriously there are some good recipes in here. 

http://www.amazon.com/Hawaii-Cooks-Spam-Featuring-Favorite/dp/1566478537
Try making [musubi] (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spam_musubi) Really big in Hawaii !
Spam Up!

http://youtu.be/ZSQtfWnFLIs
Spam and beans... Fry the spam until it's crispy and then add a tin of beans, fills you up and can serve a lot of people
I do this with smoked sausage or polska kielbasa. Meat, butter, potatoes. Yum.
that looks great! I hope you didnt over season it with salt , as spam is salty enough as it is :)
My mouth watered, my stomach gurgled, my butt hole puckered 
That looks really delicious. Is it just spam, onions, and potato?
My dad makes this all the time. It is amazing.
My favorite: teriyaki flavored spam, fresh mozzarella and spinach panini. It makes spam feel pretty fancy
Fried SPAM and some dehydrated backpacker's eggs is a god-tier camping meal.
Try with sweet potato instead
That's pyttipanna a common dish here in Sweden.
Some kind of meat potatoes and onion.
My wife hates SPAM, but I like it.

I think I could pull this off and fool her.
TBH this doesn't actually look good, it's just a really good looking picture
Stupid pointless annoying "meat"
Poor is right
