This has been done before. Way back in the early days of smartphones, at the dawn of the 3G era. It was called "Mytouch", and HTC required a mini-USB adapter to plug in headphones. This was before the age of Bluetooth headphones. The adapter was a serious pain in the ass. 
We don't need a thinner iPhone. &lt;---

You can just end the sentence there.
Doubt I'd be the only one that would prefer a thicker phone with more battery and better protection without a case. 
Bye bye Square reader.

It's shitty that companies follow Apple's lead because I'll take a bigger battery over a smaller form factor 10/10 times.

Edit: Enough people have asked, "Why doesn't Square just make a reader for lightning," so I'll just copy what I wrote in response to this earlier. I'm not by any means saying I am right, so please feel free to chime in because I'd rather be wrong and learn the truth, than be wrong and tell other people bad intel.

&gt; Certification and licensing is expensive, and Square readers with headphone jacks cost pennies to make and they give them away for free. They would have to have a second production line, and that could easily cost millions - and I'm pretty sure Square won't want to eat that cost. As others are saying, having a wireless transaction tech is probably much more cost efficient. And chip and pin is starting to go mainstream.
But I won't be happy until my iPhone is thin enough so that I can shave with it. I won't care if the battery life is 2.1 seconds.
&gt;"We need a new standard for headphones"

No. We. Do. Not.

How do you seriously argue against a strawman you built against Apple, then turn around and justify the strawman you just knocked down? 
I mean, everyone puts an Otter box the size of a loaf of bread on it anyway
iPhone has anorexia. Screw internal organs and energy! They called me fat!
Sorry 'japanese blog', I don't buy it. It makes absolutely no sense to ship an iphone without a headphone jack. Wireless earbuds are, by and large, horrible pieces of technology at this time
Why should we believe this Japanese blog? People are acting like Apple officially announced this already. 
I don't think this will get read but I am putting my 2 cents anyhow.

There are more reasons to look at using digital connector over a 3.5mm connector then just making the phone thinner. First, you can use a better DAC converter then is found in the current iPhone. This DAC can be tied with a DSP that will do the balancing correctly for the headphones in question.

Potentially the sample could be higher then 44.1kHz/16-bit. This would mean products like the Pono would be obsolete as your iPhone / iPad could just send high quality 192kHz/24bit music to a good external DAC. This could be a real stereo and not a 30 dollar pair of headphones some might even be able to justify it. It's basically getting the raw stream at this point, so your iPhone is just a PCM source, With a Lossless codec I can't really see why you wouldn't at least want this as an option.

This could be a great thing for things like noise cancelling headphones. As they currently require either a charger or a disposable battery to function. Which normally means you don't use the feature.

This is also useful for headsets as they can place diversity microphones and do noise suppression and make phone calls much clearer. If you have ever talked to someone using a good Bluetooth headset it can be shocking to realize how effective they can be.

The negatives are obvious, You can't use a 5 dollar pair of headphones because they require a DAC in the cable. This means when my cats decided that my headphones look like lunch, I am out an expensive pair of headphones over a cheap one. It will also mean cheap headphones won't sound bad, they will sound absolutely terrible. Not only are they putting in cheap drivers, they are putting in cheap ADCs.

I don't really buy into the argument that lightning vs 3.5mm for Apple licensing is actually that big of a problem. There are already lots of Apple branded 3rd party headphones on the market. And that is mostly just for the inline microphone/remote. You can buy an Android headset and use it on an iPhone, just the buttons don't all work (you can start stop music playback, but I think the volume rocker stops working, my memory is failing me here). The annoying part is not being able to use the same headphones with a laptop on the go, but at some point we have to draw a line and deprecate old standards.
Enough with this stupid rumor. It's been floating around since the iPhone 5, with anonymous sources claiming to be Apple employees posting online. They're not getting rid of the headphone jack. 
In addition to the detailed and accurate list of reasons ditching the headphone jack would be insanely inconvenient for all of us (probably all of us) who use more than one device with sound output and headphone needs, there is an additional area of concern not briefed in the Verge article: Deaf and hard of hearing users, and potentially others using adaptive devices, are unlikely to be able to use the various items of specialized hardware that currently use the nearly universal 3.5 headphone jack. Adaptive tech companies usually run on a shoestring and serve really narrow niches of the special needs community -- Eliminating the jack could leave people who currently benefit from the simple jack technology, without a way to use the new iPhone and the companies that build adaptive devices without a way to adapt their businesses to the new thinnest iPhone.
I would rather have a device the size and thickness of the first iphone, with a MASSIVE battery, big processor, good antennas, and a shell that WONT BREAK. Give me thicker glass on the screens too. 
If true, my current iPhone will be my last.
Why wouldn't Apple just create their own proprietary bullshit standard for a thinner audio jack forcing you to get an adapter too? This is literally the way it is done with everything else they make. 
Could someone explain why the 3.5mm jack needs replaced as the article says? It seems to work fine for me. The only reason in the article is that it is "outdated," and if that is just another way of saying "old," that's really stupid. A lot of old stuff works fine.
Nor bigger. Switched from 4s to 6 and hate how annoying it is to reach with your finger.. they even made fun of Samsung for it then did it themselves...
I think people are taking this the wrong way. Apple isn't pushing for people to start using their lightning adapters as much as they are pushing towards the bluetooth (read Beats™) market. The apple watch has the ability to store and play music, but has no input jack, it requires a bluetooth accessory. 
I for one look forward to the portless, 100% wireless phone. No need for a charging port - we have wireless charging pads. No need for a headphone jack - we have bluetooth headsets. Let's get rid of cables - they break and tangle and occasionally even meet my parrot.

Note: I still would like to see some sort of repair port for proper manual firmware modification, but its not like the iphone has ever allowed that sort of thing anyway.
Apple will just use a proprietary connector then sell their own line of headphones and connector to 3.5mm jacks for ten times their actual value because people are idiots and they buy into that stuff. 
I want a slightly thicker iPhone with more battery. The current iPhone is so thin and smooth I feel like I was going to drop it all the time. After a week of that it went in a case and will never come out.  Thin phones are nice and all but when you are giving up functionality to make them look better what is the point. 

I don't think I'll be getting an iPhone again. 
I worked at a headphone manufacturer. When apple baught beats they basically own the headphone market now. Apple iPhone with no normal headphone jack + beats headphones that will only come out with a apple patented usb port.

This news has been floating about for the last 8 months among the headphone manufacturers. 

If you want a iPhone then you have to buy beats unless other manufacturers will switch or if you want beats you will have to buy iPhone unless android changes their phones to work with this connector.

This has nothing to do with making the iPhone thinner. It has everything to do with patents to use this technology.

http://bgr.com/2015/10/04/apple-headphone-jack-patent/

Apple will make millions if other headphone manufacturers want to use the connector.

Edit: more info
We don't need a thinner ~~iPhone~~ phone **.PERIOD**

I just want a phone with a ridiculously long battery life that I don't have to charge twice a day.
Except there are smartphones that are much thinner than iPhone and still has the same jack. This has nothing to do with thinness and all about intentionally getting rid of "legacy" ports they don't want and moving toward using MFI program to charge a fee for using lightening port. 
"You don't need a headphone jack on your phone for music, that's what the iPod is for" - Apple 2016
My phone is so thin that UV rays fly straight through the metal parts
What, so, according to you guys, we'll be in the year 30500, have teleportation instead of cars, live forever instead of dying, swap out a new organ whenever you need one, and still be using a 3.5mm headphone jack? Fucking hell.
Fuck a thinner phone.
I'd rather my phone be twice as thick for even a 50% battery increase.

The thinness of a phone means nothing to most people. 

Seriously. Make the phones twice as thick with that space you'd have room for a week long battery.
That's a rather naive assessment. As the article points out, Apple has been swapping out standard ports for their own proprietary tech for decades. This has nothing to do with making your phone thinner (though that may come to be incidentally), it has everything to do with Apple having full control of their own hardware ecosystem. Why would they let you buy any old pair of headphones when you could be forced to buy a new pair that uses tech licensed from Apple? And once you've done so, you'll be far less likely to migrate to a different platform that doesn't support all the hardware you own. It was the same deal with firewire over USB way back in the early iMac days. Apple wants to lay their claws into you and never let go, and ditching the standard stereo jack moves them one step closer towards that goal. It's not some well-meaning compromise in an effort to achieve the thinnest phone possible. It's just business.
Why did this article insist we need a new standard to replace the 3.5 audio out? They didn't give any reasoning, they just want to NEED a new standard? 

Sometimes technology works well over a long period of time because it's well designed and inexpensive. New things that do something differently is distinctly different than new things who do something differently AND better. 
EVERYONE KNOWS THE NEXT NEW THING SHOULD BE PHONES DESIGNED WITH EXO-CASES. I'M SICK OF BUYING PHONE CASES.
Wireless headphones here we come!
This might push me to use a different device. I use headphone jacks to connect to my car because my car lacks proper interface. 

I have a 6s and this could be my final IPhone. 
Honestly, I agree with the article, but this is the same thing everyone was saying about the last iPhone and the iPhone before it.
This has nothing to do with making the phone thinner and everything to do with forcing everyone to buy new special headphones.
I'd gladly double or triple the thickness of my phone for more battery life.  I don't see the obsession with a phones thinness.
"...interchangeability between devices would quickly fall to the wayside." "...would only segregate users between platforms."

Right--because Apple would rather make people happy and let them use any device, than force them to buy a product they wouldn't otherwise need.

Oh wait...
Kill the heasphone jack, make a new one. Sell the new "standartized" headphones for 200$. Scream "INNOVATION" everywhere and make a lot of money. Normal Apple stuff happening here.
We don't need another iPhone at all
Apple will tell you what you need, not the other way around.
Knowing Apple, they'll make their own jack, and force people to use specific headphones. If they lose em, then they'll have to pay $99 for a new pair. 
Just don't buy one and keep your current one, Apple will realize it doesn't sell and will go back to a headphone jack on the 7s
We need thicker smart phones for larger batteries.
&gt;There’s an argument to be made that the 3.5mm headphone jack is out of date and needs to be replaced

No there isn't, god damn it! It is the de facto standard, and there isn't a single bloody argument against it!

&gt;The truth is we need a new standard for headphones, and we haven’t figured out what that is yet.

What the everliving hell is this guy smoking?

Why on earth would you want any sort of digital signal out of your phone and do outboard D/A? It's beyond ludicrous! The 3.5 mm jack is perfect as is. It's a miniaturised 6.35 mm, the standard in the sound/music industry, and it will never *ever* change. The only change that would make any sense *whatsoever* would be the one to another analogue out, which we need as much as we need assholes on our elbows (two markets of audio devices just for the hell of it—what the... why, just why?).

Either this entire article is complete bogus, or Apple (bless their hearts) might just be dumb enough to cut the mini jack and go full Bluetooth. Because I'm god damn sure they're not stupid enough to go digital out by wire. God knows things have gotten worse after Jobs died, but there has to be a limit. They still have engineers there, I think. Some of them might even have a thing or two to say during development. They just need one with half a brain.

I'm keeping my hopes up, at least.
It's just a strategy to sell beats headphones. They'll make them exclusively compatible with iPhone 7
If this happens I'm getting a droid.
People will just create a lightning &gt; 3.5mm converter for $5 or less. Sure, big companies will charge like $35 for this adapter, but smart people wont pay it.
I've never heard anyone say how they want a smaller phone since smartphones were introduced.  
A bigger battery is the number one thing I hear people wish for
&gt;and seemingly only one rationale for Apple to get rid of it next year — to make a thinner iPhone, which absolutely no one is clamoring for.

Not true. Another reason is to promote vendor lock in, as you'll need headphones (or an adapter) that supports the lightning port and to produce and sell such peripherals a company needs to pay Apple money.

Basically, Apple wants a percentage of the sale of all headphones that connect to iPhones. This is about licensing, not thickness.
How about instead of pushing thinner phones they push for a new battery type to be used in cellphones?

I want to not charge my phone for a whole week.
How would you charge and use wired headphones-adapter or lightning- at the same time? 
And of course the dumbass tech reviewers will praise it for being pretty and expensive looking. Fuck those *plastic* phones man! Sure they work better and have more features, but they look cheap! Appearance is literally the only thing that matters!
The newest iPhones are too damn thin already.  It's an ergonomic nightmare and absolutely KILLS my hands / wrists and I'm only 26.  I absolutely can't use it without a case, and I go out of my way to find a thick one.  DO NOT MAKE THEM THINNER, especially if it means losing the headphone jack.  That's a sure fire way to make sure people do NOT buy your new products.
If Apple has a proprietary headphones jack, it means they can sell proprietary headphones.  You can only buy headphones that are made, or approved, by apple.  At minimum you'd have to buy an adapter.  This is bad! 
Title correction: We don't need another iPhone. 
With Apple its all about thinning out your choices ... To Apple.
How about you just stop buying Apple's crap? Everything that everyone wants out of an iPhone has already been achieved by scores of Android phones.
You do not need an iPhone whatsoever.
Can somebody explain me, why the fuck do people keep buying iPhones every year? This is completely beyond me...
In other news, Apple still blows and has only done harm to consumers.
I have a simple solution: use android, better hardware, less bullshit from the manufacturer
I am so glad they are killing the headphone jack. It will finally get my wife to switch from iphone to android. 
And of course they'll make a killing selling disgustingly overpriced white stupid little plastic adapters. 
Exactly!!  I think it's thin enough.  This would make me switch to android sadly. 
Oh God. I hope this happens... 

 So I could laugh in the faces of all the Apple Fanboys and Fangirls r/androidmasterrace 
I think the main advantage to getting rid of the port is it allows for a more water-resistant device. The more openings there are, the more water can get in!
Rather a thicker phone with a bigger battery tbh.


Saying the phone is "ultra thin" is not a selling point anymore
The Apple way. Sell u the headphones as well. Only Apple is arrogant enough to consider a proprietary jack type for headphones!

Unfortunately since there R so many Apple fanboi's out there they will likely get away with it. 
apple can do whatever they want, i'm happy with my android phone with a memory card slot.

I don't understand how apple thinks they can remove features and charge more money for their produc...

oh wait, it's apple.  noone cares about it being good value for money as long as it has a shiny white logo.
It seems like manufacturers are obsessed with keeping the people that review smartphones happy, instead of their actual customers. The reviewers always seem to want phones which are thinner and have less of a bezel around the screen, which just makes the phone more fragile and crowds out room that could be used for a bigger battery. I don't see people clamoring for a phone that's 1mm thinner, they're asking for phones with better battery life and where the screen doesn't shatter if you drop it.
Crazy idea, go wireless.
I wouldn't mind an iPhone without a headphone jack. I can't remember the last time I used the headphone jack on my phone.
The lighting jack sucks to begin with. All of my chargers cables are fucked up and need to be replaced and I've had them under a year.
It's not just the headphone jack limiting thinness. It's the camera (which is a bump on most new phones), and the battery life, most high end phones barely last a day with heavy use. If you wanted a thinner phone, you'd have to deal with a proprietary headphone jack, horrible battery, and a worse than average camera, which no one wants.

If you really wanted to do a thinner phone, you could just have a headphone bump along with the camera bump.

And Apple could shave off a few more mm, the Sony Xperia Z Ultra is 6.5mm vs iPhone 6's 6.9mm, if 6% really matters to you. But most people have cases, so obviously they don't mind more girth. It actually makes some phones nicer to hold. 
Phones are too thin as it is.  Double or triple the thickness if it means I'll have a battery that will last a full day without crapping out on me. 
The return of #bendgate
stop making them thinner. make them thicker and up the battery.
"Apple may in fact want to get rid of the 3.5mm headphone jack. For unbeknownst reasons"

oh yeah dont think making your device pair only to YOUR brand of headphones (that you then make in china for .3c ea and sell for ~$50-$100 and update in 2 years to another plug that people will have to go and adapt to agian) might be a reason why? like apple ALLWAYS does

gen one vs android with the charging cables... you had that rediculous thing we had a STANDARDISED micro usb

then you decide oh we've allready got a bunch of these cables for all our devices but it just isnt good enough so some "geniuses" have a brightspark and think kapow we'll call it a LIGHTNING cable and it wont work with any old versions of out phones / mp3players

android still using the STANDARDISED micro usb

and now you think its a shock that they want to sell you sub par headphones that will only work in their device (cause theres acutal real competition that they cant beat when it comes to quality IE:sennheiser) and what do they use WHAT A STANDARD 3.5MM audio jack!?!?!? BLASPHEMY say the "geniuses"
I hope they do it. Because I don't use the iPhone, and I want to see the consequences of such a decision from a safe distance where I won't be affected. 
ALL WE WANT IS BATTERY LIFE, THIS IS 2015 AND I DON'T WANT TO GO AROUND WITH AN EXTRA BATTERY PACK TO GET THROUGH THE DAY
Am I right in saying people don't want thinner phones?

I just want a solid metal frame, scratch/shock/crack proof screen (multi-layered plastic not that expensive), something with a big screen, and plenty of ports.
I have a prophecy.

"Once the iPhone 7 comes out with no headphone jack, The Verge shall praise Apple for it's revolutionary design, and it's innovative move away from 3.5mm headphone jacks. 

Meanwhile, u/lirannl shall enjoy his OnePlus One on the latest version of Android, and laugh."
Yes to standard connectors!

Yes to large batteries!

No to phones so thin they break if you stare at them too hard!
As a man with a long torso, I've switched to Bluetooth long ago. Seriously, wires are a pain in the ass. I've got a qi charging case on my iPhone and wireless chargers in my home and office. I use a qi cradle in my car for car purposes. Any company that still relies on peripherals needing ports and wires will eventually need to adapt to a wireless standard. I'm surprised Reddit opposes this when technological evolution requires a company to do this. 
I think it is less about Apple thinking we need a thinner phone and more about Apple jamming their proprietary dick down our throats. 
When will I be able to use my iphone as a knife?
Don't worry, Apple will release the phone with a thinner 3.2mm jack and charge $50 for the adapter.
I keep reading "we need a new standard for headphones" but there's no explanation WHY we need this new standard. I'm an audio producer/engineer and have never heard an audio professional complain about 3.5mm jack. Stupid.
Well this is the most contractory post I've read in a while

&gt; We don't need a thinner iPhone - If that means killing the headphone jack.

I agree

&gt;No one is clamoring for a thinner phone

Yup. So just keep the 3.5 jack.

&gt;Unlike the 30-pin connector, the 3.5mm headphone jack isn’t proprietary technology owned by Apple. It’s the universal standard for headphones and has been for many, many years.

Totally agree. That's why it is a great standard.

&gt; The truth is we need a new standard for headphones

Ye..no..WHAT!?!? This is your conclusion???
Why do we need a new standard for a headphone jack? Because Apple wants a thinner phone?
I can't wait to have to buy a 39 euro cable to plug in my Bose headphones. 
This is more of a way for Apple to close the ecosystem even more and have you buy more adapters.

They won't even care about it though because it will still crush every sale record.
How about keep the phone the same thickness, and add a bigger battery?
Next up: "Apple removing screen to make thinner phone, screen deemed 'unnecessary' for *modern* devices by Apple PR team."
Let them, no will will buy their shitty iPhone's and then they'll realize they made a terrible mistake.

What am I saying? Consumers are dumb, of course they'll buy an even thinner piece of shit.
Apple is now like..."You guys don't know what you don't need".
The very first iPhone had a non-standard headphone jack too. It was still the same size but it was recessed further than normal so only apple's headphones could plug into it. I had to dremel the cord on my FM transmitter thing so I could play music in my car. What a pain in the ass, and that was actually my first iPod as well so a big part of why I got it was for the music.

I seem to remember a bunch of backlash at the time because they were forcing people to buy their overpriced accessories when a $2 Radio Shack cord should have been able to do the trick. They switched to a normal jack on subsequent models.

How easily they forget I suppose.

On another note, that first iPhone was quite underwhelming to be honest. No apps yet, didn't even have 3g capability. Wasn't really useful for much.
Why would they do it?  So they could sell you new, more expensive peripherals, of course!

Typical Apple control freak approach.  I'm definitely checking out Android and Windows Phone when I upgrade from my 5s.
We don't need thinner iPhones period. I'd rather have more battery than a phone so thin I can barely hold it. 
this guy has a turd in his pocket. blue. tooth. i did enjoy his previous article, "We Don't Need A Smaller Personal Music Player - If That Means Killing The Cassette Tape"
I'm waiting for iPhone 2D.
Jony Ive must be stopped!  

Headphone jack that ONLY works with an iPhone???  WTF???  No, we don't want that - not even with a $49 dongle adapter.

Jony Ive must be stopped!  
I usually use Bluetooth headphones. When I don't, I can't see an adapter being a big deal. We gotta cut the cord sometime. 
I honestly wouldn't mind losing the headphone jack at all if it means better and cheaper Bluetooth headphones
Why not?

I hate corded headphones.

Just use bluetooth headphones or whatever. No cord necessary.
Why thinner?  At what point do people want a paper thin phone?  How  about keeping the current size and making the battery last longer?
Just give them your opinion by not buying it. 
They'll just charge $30 for a Lightning to 3.5mm jack adaptor and millions of people will buy it.
Why would anyone who could afford an iPhone 7 want to use wired headphones? The 1/8th inch jack's only purpose is for audio output/input and with the success of Bluetooth, the need for an analog jack is pretty much obsolete.  Assuming you can afford Bluetooth speakers or headphones what would be the point of having the wire? iPhone aren't known for high quality playback so I don't even think one could claim fidelity. 
It's nothing new. Phones with no 3.5mm jack existed before. But phones with 3.5mm jack were adored the moment they came out. 
Adapter - $49.99.... but but .. it's an APPLE OFFICIAL ADAPTER!!!!
What we need is a waterproof/water resistant iPhone! I'm tired of having dreams of me accidentally dropping it in water!!!
Listen all this complaining about the new Jacks are not going to change apples mind, they don't really listen to consumer they have their plans and they just execute em regardless what anyone feels. Just don't buy that iPhone. Apple knows people will buy whatever they tell them to. The only way you guys can convince apple its a bad idea is if it doesn't sell. Literally nothing else will convince them otherwise but the simple fact that there's an apple logo guarantees astronomical sales figures. 

So long story short if you know you're going to buy the next iPhone regardless then please STFU, Apple is not listening. Of this I am sure. Just don't buy that shit. You get about 300‰ more functionality from A top Of line android anyways for cheaper. 
I'd like to shit on the desk of every apple manager creating new proprietary connectors and stuff. Specially when they actually brake EU law by not using micro-usb - and get away with it as they always do. I am so pissed about this.
I personally don't understand what all the fuss is about, wasn't it not that long ago that people wanted [This!](https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/uO6JDC8JRuqYrJLrF35rGojrDm8JuM9vYb_qNmKfOE7GgDGIH-uWV6jnKtYYL4A1PSygG-DSaB0ny6JiHv3LvuZNFcCQ9TEIphkVZ0YpQAEcJ4pt8q47HeGbCh1CE6kI40Y) . Also with the way technology is moving... this is what most [recent concepts](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ozLaklIFWUI) are showing us. Notice all without wires or a headphone jack! 
Why do we need a new standard for headphones? What's wrong with 3.5 mm?  Or am I missing something???
Holy shit I thought this was some bullshit pre-pre-pre-release info but are they actually serious about this??
No one wants a thinner phone.  At least I don't.  I already feel like I'm going to break my 6s.

Apple simply wants to get rid of the ubiquitous headphone jack and make a proprietary one.  That way, you have to buy Apple's accessories.  That's all it is.

EDIT:  As a matter of fact, I'll take a much thicker one if it's for something like longer battery life.  iPhone batteries are crap.
After bendgate I can't believe they want to go thinner.
You don't need an iPhone at all.
*"To save space and allow for smaller devices, Apple will phase out hard drives, batteries, and screens on all devices starting in 2016. These items will be available as peripherals for $99.99 each, not counting the cost of the device itself"*
In case you weren't aware, or naive...  It's so they can FORCE customers to abandon their prior/future purchases and only buy Apple proprietary products. 

And people wonder why a vast quantity of people dont like Apple...They continually shaft customers in the name of greed.
Am I the only one here that prefers some weight in and size to my devices..?!
"Fuck giving our customers what they want. We'll tell them what they're getting and they'll buy it" - Apple 
AND THAT IS WHY I USE ANDROID
Can someone explain to me why people hate Apple so much that they go onto threads about Apple, to shit on Apple, then call out Apple fanboys? Is it as simple as "I can't afford one, so I'll say I hate them."? I have all kinds of shitty phones, I don't care, I'm not invested, I just want to know.
"We have created even more amazing, revolutionary proprietary accessories. Get your Lightning to 3.5mm jack adapter for just $79.95!

One more thing... By making the iPhone even thinner we have managed to reduce battery life by 10%! That means you'll be using your Lightning charger more (except while listening to music)."
I don't want headphone jacks, CD drives, or USBs, I just want to pay way too much for a piece of hardware that I can snap in half with my hands. 
Yes! 

More proprietary Apple hardware!!

I love spending excessive money for Apple products!

I love Apple!


Why not just create a magnetic adapter for the 3.5mm jack? Seems like a good idea. Works well on their other stuff. Don't have to worry about breaking the internal jack anymore either.
I suppose Beats and a few other shitty brands (to make Beats shine) will be suddenly make headphones with the new proprietary connection. 
Another reason why they are moving away from the jack is because they can control what headphones ihpone users use and guess who apple recently acquired. Beats. Apple doesn't like to depend on other companies. 
Jeez, thinner? I bought a thicker phone case for my iPhone 6 because I felt like I couldn't keep a grip on the damn thing, it's already so thin.

Any thinner how will I be able to pick it up off the table?
Sad thing is that we are probably too late as development for this new phone most likely already ended and are close to finalizing final tooling. A part of me however does hope that they do take it out so that people will wise up and stop mindlessly buying their products. 
So if your phone is dying, and you want to listen to music, you would have to choose between listening to headphones and charging your phone...That seems like an odd choice to have to make. I feel like just making them bluetooth may be easier/smarter as its a tech that already exists
lmao as if this has anything to do with anyone "needing a thinner phone". Lightning port, think about it.... oh right more proprietary accessories, no more third party headphones unless Apple is getting a cut through the lightning ports.  
I am waiting to upgrade to the 7, but if they pull this BS then I'm out.
It's not about slimming the phone. It's about getting rid of non-proprietary connectors.
The article doesn't bring up, to me, Apple's main motivation for doing this:  $$$

You think Apple would do this to make their phones thinner?!  No....

They are doing this so they can make money from 

- headphone manufacturers who now have to pay a license to use the lightning port (and they will; they don't want to miss out on a piece of the pie)
- consumers having to buy adapters

They may even tout the lightning port as providing better sound quality and may lock it down, requiring music providers (Amazon Music, Spotify, etc.) pay a fee to allow "HD Audio" throughput or whatever they'll call it.


[deleted]
People always buy the thinnest phone then slap a giant case on it anyway
Somewhere in North California, Steve continues to roll in piles of cash in his grave and spinning with praise at his company.
Apple will probably develope a proprietary headphone jack so it's users have to buy overpriced headphones from them.
We don't need a new iPhone anytime soon. I would like to see phones with double the thickness but the extra space dedicated to a larger battery and  rugged connections. 
This is dumb. When I read about it I shook my head. It's another way for apple to make a few bucks.  They'll have an adapter similar to the HDMI or VGA that charges and lets you use aux, BUT it's another adapter that costs 10-30 bucks (10 generic 30 from Apple) and it's something that hangs off the phone and makes it dumb. So to avoid it you have to buy lightning connector headphones. Which will of course be offered by Beats, that's 100% a given, but given that you see many headphones that have exchangeable connectors to the HS you'll see this come in. 

Regardless there's no way that this doesn't come to a cost to the consumer. 
[deleted]
Just one of the many reasons why Andriod is superior to Apple.
They should worry about fixing their bending phones before going any thinner.
Not unless they magically release it with wireless earbuds that last for weeks on end. No thanks.
Would lightning headphones sound any better? Would they bring anything to the table that isn't already there?
Whatever happened to 2.5 mm headphone jacks? I had one for an older phone, and it worked fine.
I can see this easily happening with usb-c. Apple probably will never adopt it for the phone, but it's possible. 
This is incomplete. 

They can't just kill the port. They'd have to support adapters and would be obsoleting their own equipment otherwise.

Maybe they'll invent/push an ADC-&gt; bluetooth dongle that you can plug analog headphones into?


They can't just double up the lightning port. Can they split it? 

Perhaps charging can finally be done magnetically like the iWatch.


There is nothing wrong with them abandoning headphone ports, the necessary supporting solutions are what's missing here. 


I'd like phones that just dont fucking break.
The thumbnail on the front page makes the thumb look like a penis
What about a magnet input like they do on their laptop charger. Broke the input before and was a pain to fix myself. Would be nice, but not if it was mandatory.
You don't need the phone jack.  You just haven't been told it yet by Apple apparently.  And I like apple products, just don't like the do it my way mentality.  
When did you think it was about what people need?
Just be quiet and let this terrible company implode already. Next it will be no speakers. 
I doubt this. Apple owns beats, and the solo2 wired are still on sale.
&gt; to make a thinner iPhone, which absolutely no one is clamoring for

I'll refer you to Henry Ford, "If I had asked my customers what they wanted they would have said a faster horse."
The chassis didn't get stronger because it got thicker, they started using a stronger (heavier) aluminum, the extra thickness was also because of this.
I personally don't think we need a different headphone jack...yet.

I'm sure at some point we'll give up the 3.5 ghost. And at some point some company or another is going to have to start pushing the changes. If it's not Apple now it will be someone else later. Hell maybe even multiple attempts in different directions by multiple companies. Hell the first company to do it probably won't even come out with the new eventual standard. Somebody's gotta attempt the shift sooner or later.

Not everything advances smoothly or with all makers of devices/accessories on board at the same time. It wasn't that long ago when damn near every cell phone maker had their own version of what the best power plug jack was. Wanna switch phones? Have fun replacing every single plug that goes into it. This isn't the first time this process has occurred.

Besides, who cares, if you don't want to be on board with the changes just move to a phone that isn't doing it. Nobody is literally stuck with the same company over and over when upgrading their phones. 

But one thing is certain, 3.5 won't be the standard forever. 
Fucking... Just... Uhhhhhg
Nah, its cool.. Just need an adapter. Sold separately, costs more than its weight in platinum. Suck it.
I've said it once and I'll say it again, 3.5mm ports have got to go. They are the one thing that have consistently broken on all my mobile devices over the years including console controllers. They are junk and shouldn't be included in a $500 device.  

We should get rid of the headphone jack and make the phone thicker at the same time. Nobody wants a phone as thin as they've gotten. Make it twice as thick and three times as good for half the price how about?
The only reason Apple is getting rid of the headphone jack is because that is the only peripheral for their devices they don't have IP control over... you can't have a Certified iPhone Headphones unless there was some sort of proprietary nonsense in the hardware for them to license.
I hate Apple...
I love the progression in technology and the opportunity for some small business's to make money off of accessory sales, but come on; you could put all of these withheld tech enhancements into ONE new iPhone -____- 
who cares, there will be an adaptor and the iphone is overrated and boring anyways...
This is a shitty thing to do. They, of course, will want to sell me an expensive, proprietary adapter so I can use my headphones.
It's obvious that their main motivation for this is to have more control over iPhone users and make more money by inconveniencing people with their proprietary shit. You can't justify this with some claim of innovation or moving to wireless to push the standards. This is bullshit and Apple knows it. Apple fanboys need to seriously get over these delusions that Apple only ever innovates and makes things better. 
I don't understand this obsession with making the phones thinner. I just got a gs6 active which is thick by most phone standards and it still felt too thin in my hands. With the case it's perfect. 
Lol, it's a friendly gesture from Apple to encourage other smartphone companies to catch up with their market share while they stagnate during the release of iPhone 7.
I have a 6 now and find it uncomfortably thin, I much preferred the thickness of the 5. If they go any thinner and mess around with the headphone jack I just won't upgrade or go android. 
As much as I love their redesigned earpods, less options is not the best option.
What is it with people obsession with really thin phones and giant screens? 
 &gt;seemingly only one rationale for Apple to get rid of it next year — to make a thinner iPhone, which absolutely no one is clamoring for.

Um. Really? You're just gonna totally ignore the idea that Apple might be interested in forcing people to buy Apple-brand headphones because they think they can get away with it?
I have not seen any benefit to having a thinner device. Even if the new iPhone was as thick as the first iPhone, I would not care because the difference is hardly noticeable, especially with a case. Bigger screens is a different issue.
Legit consumer fear of expensive proprietary accessories overlooks potential forward leaping innovation and tech standards. 
 - tech blog
1. Make phone thicker.

2. Make batteries bigger with newly provided space.

3. ???

4. Profit like a mofo Big Pimpin'.
This is why I hate Apple and all these faggots choosing "design" over functionality... Fucking assholes... Apple always pisses the customer right in the face at the same time they stick a bottle upp their customers asses.
They clearly just want to sell you a pair of stupidly expensive apple headphones every time yours break/get lost. Probably in response to recent EU law which means that all phones must be compatible with micro USB or come with a free adapter (which stops them getting a shit load of cash from replacing chargers).
As thin as paper baby!
Woah, The iVerge is actually taking a stand against the fact that Jony Ive's fetish for making things thin continues unhindered?
This is based on a rumor... There are always batshit crazy Apple rumors about the next iPhone, very few of which come true. Y'all need to chill. 
This: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jyTA33HQZLA
Curious useless bystander question BUT 
Chance of losing the jack and adding full functioning bluetooth headphones? Or nah?
A heck of a lot of people getting all worked up over a random rumor, one that has been thrown around for several years with zero reliable evidence.
Blue tooth headphones seem pretty legit anyway.
It's not like they're also going to remove the headphone jacks on their laptops and desktops, so there's no reason to have a different system on their phones. 
No, we don't need a thinner iPhone with out a headphone jack, but I would certainly go for a smaller iPhone with less clutter in my iTunes.  I hate this 6s with ios9.1  I would still be on my iPhone 4 if I was not required to update apps like Uber every few weeks, that now will barely run in an older device.  
&gt;  we are giving away a free Raspberry Pi Zero on the front of each copy of the December issue of The MagPi

Buy a magazine, it comes with a free computer.

This is how we know we're living in the future...
I've heard of these a lot but what do you actually do with it?
This is awesome. Raspberry Pi for Thanksgiving!  
Thanks Guys
This is just amazing. I should probably dust off my old RPi and do something clever with it. Can't even remember what model it is.
I can't wait till the only thing restricting the size of raspberry Pi's are the connectors.

Actual costs before I'd be able to use it:

Raspberry Pi Zero                 $5

Micro USB + HDMI adapters  $5

USB ethernet adapter           $10

Micro USB power supply:      $6

16GB Micro SD Card             $7

TOTAL: $33

Still awesomely cheap though.
So I can either buy a computer, pizza, or sandwich with $5.

I'd go with the pizza since you can't eat a computer and the sandwiches are represented by a pedo.
Long story shortish,

A client of mine (I'm an electrician in Australia) who was the manager of a large companies IT department and quite well paid was talking to me about installing the raspberry pie units as an automation system in his new mansion for everything and I mean everything appliances, lights, doors etc. 

I was so intrigued by this compared to expensive automation systems currently available, I really wanted to do the same thing on a smaller scale  to start and depending on its function go crazy but to say I'm not very tech savvy is an understatement I can't properly use a MacBook.

Anyway I was wondering what's the interface like how would my client have set it up to do these things? How is would it actually be to set it up to automate to say my iPhone to turn on a light or something?

Wow that was that short sorry hopefully someone may help? Thanks in advance! :)
Does anyone know if you can buy the magazine in stores in the US?
But can it run Crysis?
AAAAAAAAANNNNNNNNNNNNNNDDDDDDDDDDDDD its gone :P
Awesome, an even cheaper PI. *Checks price in Canada* ...$30...fuck
&gt;1GHz ARM11 core

&gt;512MB of LPDDR2 SDRAM

I'm curious, so we're getting a 1Ghz CPU and 512Mb Ram at 5$, would it be possible to buy, say 10 of these and get 10Ghz and 5Gb RAM? 

I know you can plugin Intel Xeons into special motherboards, but would this be possible with the Raspberry Pi Zero? 10Ghz at 50$ sounds like something that would've made 1960's IBM shit it's pants.

The $5 computer *seemingly available nowhere*  
Fixed the title...
as a person living in NZ this will still end up costing me 30 bucks + shipping.
[Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NFFQmdUc5Vg&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;a) (From the article) 

Looks really cool. With it being so cheap, I'm waiting for people to come up with some cool distributed computing projects that employ many of these.
$5 is a little steep. Let me know when there's a black friday deal.
Now I feel really stupid for spending a grand on a MacBook.
I have a raspberry pi in a drawer somewhere...

I wanted to use it as a server, but it shares bandwidth on USB and Ethernet, so that's a no go if you want a hard drive...

Got a banana pi. Bonus: sata port and gigabit Ethernet. Running an awesome torrent/WebDAV/xmpp (for now) server on it.

So for me the original ones weren't worth it. Networking isn't great.

But this... This thing is cool. 5 bucks, its tiny, this thing is perfect if you want to run some kind of custom hardware. Like a quad, or a sprinkler system, or something like that. I'm wondering about networking (how?) but I'm sure I'll figure it out.
Off to purchase! Or get on a waiting list 
How hard is it to get going with these? 

I'm thinking of buying a couple and playing around with them, Specifically for emulating retro games &amp; possibly a minecraft server, someone mentioned that's possible.
I'm thinking cluster computing just got cheaper.
Anyone know if I could solder a keyboard onto the GPIO? As in cut a keyboard’s wire, strip the ends, wire it into GPIO and it work? I doubt it’s that simple but what would be required there? I have ideas and this thing is a good compromise since i literally don’t need what the Pi2 gives. This offers enough, if I can cheat and use GPIO for things.

Say I can get a keyboard wired to GPIO, what ELSE can go there?
I think the huge problem with this Pi as well as with the A models is connectivity. In this day and age having a computer is nice and dandy but without a network connection it's pretty useless unless you're doing engineering calculations or playing a game or something. So since both USB Ethernet and a WiFi dongle would be more expensive you're stuck with carrying around microSD cards between it and a connected computer. So I'd rather pay more and get WiFi or at least an Ethernet port. That said I'm quite happy with my Raspberry Pi 2
Can *this* be made into an emulator?
Is this thing powerful enough for causual web browsing? (facebook, email,... I might buy one for an older relative) 
Wow that's really awesome!! Is it possible to make a cellphone based on this?
Where can I get the Magpi magazine or this directly in India? ANy info?
Well fuck. I kickstarted a neat $9 computer and still don't have it. Rasberry Pi comes out with one before fullfillment. Damn
This is better than the original pi right? I have the original a model I'm thinking of replacing just because this is cheap and small
What's he best ultra cheap monitor I could buy to use with this? Like nothing fancy, just able to see the screen or terminal?
What makes arduinos useful for now?
so sleek! 
Ahh. The GPIO is a beautiful thing.
Damn, with all these ARM boards getting so cheap, what's going to happen to microcontrollers?
I want to use this to upgrade the systems interface in my car with a touchscreen. Is this possible? I imagine I'd begin with learning programming, and then electrical engineering, and then mechanical engineering. So like, 2 years if I start now?
what are some things one can do with a Raspberry Pi Zero? I am new to this, but would love to try my hands at learning it and also inspire my younger siblings to at the very least, understand the tech-filled future they are getting into.

For example, would one be able to make a LCD wall clock or something similar (maybe with LEDs)?

Thanks.
This is awesome, but I was really hoping that whatever their next product was would be based on the ARMv7-A, like the Pi 2 is.

The reason we need 'Raspbian' instead of just 'Debian' is that the Pi 1 and this thing run an instruction set that falls *just shy* of what Debian is built for.

I would also love to see a Pi 'premium' offering that was more expensive, but beefier, with 2GB RAM, a big.LITTLE CPU, and M.2 storage. I don't care if it's $100 and they take some profit to make the other offerings even cheaper.

It might also be good to compile Raspbian for both architectures, ARMv6 packages for the BCM2835-based boards, and ARMv7-A packages for the BCM2836 ones. My understanding is that there are significant performance gains to be had there.
I'm a computer noob... would it be possible to build a render farm out of these? Or does it require heavy duty graphics cards?
Are these the same specs or worse than the original? Is there a comparison anywhere? 
Can anyone recommend a good, cheap monitor for a raspberry pi? I don't care about touch capability, just something that'll let me use it like a regular PC with a mouse and keyboard. That's always been the biggest barrier to entry for me. I can buy the official starter pack and a wifi adapter for relatively cheap, but a decent monitor practically doubles the price.
I'm getting one (once they show up on amazon) but I'm kinda annoyed they don't seem to have any competition.
So cool for a drone project 
Does subscribing to the digital magazine still get you a free one?
Can someone give me a basic comparison of the raspberry pi and the arduino hardware... uses and what not...

Not sure I understand each of their purposes..
What OS can you install on one of these?
Holy shit!
One of the comments from YouTube: **"I'll wait for the Black Friday sale.﻿"**
In the article it states that i could run minecraft, would this lag alot if i rigged it up to a monitor and a mouse and keyboard?
Can I play Fallout 4 with this?
I can see why they didn't include an ethernet port, price (and maybe form factor), but I'd still love to see one...    
Either way, it's still really, really fascinating what they did with just 5$. Good work! :)
Classic gimmick, next thing you know we'll have a 'diet' version.
The perfect computer to purchase in bulk and donate to countries who are less fortunate. #education4all
using these things im college right now. Pretty cool.
ELI5: So how do they profit with that low prices, especially when they claim that it is made in Wales?
This is actually NOT the cheapest computer. That would be [Next Thing's C.H.I.P](http://gadgtecs.com/2015/07/04/worlds-cheapest-computer-9/) - It is $9, but it also has 4gb flash memory (which the PiZero does not have) AND it has Bluetooth (which the PiZero does not have). Rest of the specs are the same...

So basically you get BT and 4gb flash memory in $4?
That's great, too bad I live in Russia and shipping will cost me way more, than that issue.
https://youtu.be/NFFQmdUc5Vg
This is cool. Going to order mine!
Does anyone know if the magazine is still available out there? On the magpi site it says it's "out of stock"
I really want one of those but the shipping is what is scaring me... I'll just wait until it's restocked.
Why is Jason Statham promoting the PiZero?
He seems like such a nice genuine guy 
This puppy is going to help me learn Linux.
On the hunt for this magazine today
I wonder how much shipping on the zero would be :P
 
also anyone know when the magazine comes out in the US?
A layman here when it comes to raspberrys and television.  What is the cheapest setup for me to be able to run kodi on my television?  I live in aus btw 
This is a great device. Considering you can inject some malicious code into some device for some particular function. I really love it. Problem is it's not sold in Kuwait among other things… :(
So would this be able to emulate any systems with this? I've been considering getting one for a while and this price makes it pretty appealing 
This is fucking amazing 
Wow! Man this is so cool, I want one but I'm in Canada though :/ ah well. Still really cool though and I hope they do something similar in the future!
I have two of the original PIs... I've only booted one once, I am a bad geek.

Things like these are like a kind of crack for me. I is taking every effort to NOT impluse buy this.
So.. How would running 100 of these as a cluster compare to your average $500 computer?
Are they powerful enough to stream live video or TV shows? I've been interested and would be a fun project, but only if they can replace my current computer which is all I use it for
It could be even easier.
Waiting to
If this thing runs Kodi Ill buy 10.
Sadly, there was no magazine available from the ONLY store that sells it in the city I'm currently in dammit....one can only hope I can find it elsewhere now....
There are still starter bundles available at Adafruit. But - they are expensive.
1. http://www.adafruit.com/product/2817 for $29.95
2. https://www.adafruit.com/product/2816 for $59.95
Can someone send like 10 to Canada for me please? I'll pay for your time &amp; shipping.
In stock at Adafruit now!
I'm a little confused on where to buy the magazine. I've wanted a pi for a while so this sounds like a great idea 
This is nice! I have been wanting a Raspberry Pi to install retropie on it for so long! unfortunately in am sure in Mexico this will not be $5 and it will not be available for a while :( but it is still an amazing piece of hardware!
The only downside to the PI is that it's a power hog.  I'm used to boards that consume hundreds of milliamps at 3.3v.  The PI requires 2 amps at 5v.  ...I guess there are two downsides.  This runs Linux, where most my boards don't require an OS (stm32 boards).  The PI doesn't quite suit my every need, but I ordered one all the same.
Jerking off to this
WHERE CAN I BUY THIS? 

No seriously, where can I buy this, I want to buy this. Is there a direct link that saves me hours of "its easy, just invent the universe then follow these 90+ verification steps".

I want one
Is it it better than the "Chip" tho?
So what can you do with it?
It can probably emulate a Cray, only faster.
It all came to 'if you want a coffee or a COMPUTER'
Would this thing be capable of hosting a mumble server used by ~7 people? If so, I will definitely be buying one.
But can it play Crysis
I have no coding experience. What could I do with one of these?
Does anybody know if this is available in Canada?
I used to work with this on guy, who's roommate was a programmer. He took one of these, messed with the settings , and now runs PlayStation, Nintendo 64, SNES, Xbox, all the old gaming consoles and handhelds. These things are just great
So, now that this is similar in price to an arduino uno, which is better for simple breadboard tasks? Or what can this do better than an arduino?

I was just about to buy an arduino but now am wondering if this might be better for the money.
Could I use a raspberry pi, with an external hard drive, to play local shows and movies and stream Netflix/Hulu? 
Will Windows 10 IoT work with this?
Could you use something like the chromecast ethernet adapter to provide power and internet?
Can it hardware decode H.264?
Ordered one right away!
Their distribution model SUCKS BALLS.  Every one of these distributors are greedy motherfuckers that I'd never buy anything from.
Classic gimmick, next thing you know we'll have a 'diet' version.
What can people do with these things? I've heard they're super useful.
As an embedded software engineer, these things amuse me.  People don't realize that microcontrollers are essentially the same thing and have been around for decades for must cheaper.  R-pie is news worthy just because it runs Linux honestly.  People don't realize that everyday, computers are essentially in anything electronic, not just pc's.  Fun fact.  The most widely used operating system is not Windows, or any you've heard of.  
I really like Raspberry Pi... The thing is I've never gotten a straight answer on the following -  I always want to run a "real OS".  As in it has a browser, light office use, etc.   In the browser I just want it to play youtube videos at a watchable quality and in the "media player" to play 720.    Can it do this in?  Is it capable without a ton of trouble?   If I can find a way to do it,  I would not really need much more for a computer because all I really do is browse, youtube, light office work (word processing/email/or light HTML), and watch videos.  I don't need much processor power.... I don't remaster videos or game.   Is there a way to get Youtube working or a media player in an ACTUAL OS (not Kodi/Openelec)?
Wow that's really awesome!! Is it possible to make a cellphone based on this?
:-? is good ? I mean is 5$
I wonder if I could just buy a whole bunch of these and make a super computer...
So , someone know if we could emulate Nes/Snes/GBA game on it ?  
There is no reason anymore for 3D printers to use underpowered arduinos as controllers. 
AAAAAAAAANNNNNNNNNNNNNNDDDDDDDDDDDDD its gone :P
I want one.
is there any way someone can pick me up a copy? ill pay for shipping to the US
Kind of misleading if you ask me. You can't buy the $5 computer without paying $5 or $10 in shipping in the US. Micro center is 1 of 2 distributors so far and they allow you to buy 1 for $5 and any after that it's $10 a piece. Ada fruit is the other distributor and they are only selling it in "starter" or "pro" packs that start at $30.

And I don't think you can buy them in mass quantity because of distributor agreements. So if you had a product that would run off one of these, good luck trying to get even a small quantity for $5.

I really wish I was wrong, but from what I've seen so far, $5 is more of a marketing target they set.
equipped with a Broadcom BCM2835 processor 1 GHz, 512 MB RAM, 2 pots Micro USB, a mini-HDMI output, a microSD slot and even a 40-pin GPIO, it lack anything Pi Zero, and all this on a motherboard not exceeding 6.5 cm in length to 3 cm wide ...
http://www.protipswet.com/2015/11/raspberry-pi-zero-computer-that-cost-4.html
C.H.I.P. the $9 computer on Kickstarter is still a better deal; it's a fully working connected computer (sans peripherals).

Still, I like that these sorts of components are becoming disposable-level cheap. No more flashing a standalone chip to get the dev board back. 
Does it play fallout 4?
But can it run Crysis ?
Could I use this to make a media center?
I don't understand this at all its just a circuit board how is that a computer

Edit: I got downvoted for not understanding something? Wow people can be assholes
Sold out?!?!?!? Thanks everyone for ordering  100 each &gt;.&gt;
are you fucking kidding me? The computer is supposed to be $5 and the cheapest way to get one from Adafruit is to pay $30 to get a "starter pack".  That totally defeats the purpose of having a low price tag. 
How would this compare to a steam link?
Can I play Fallout 4 on this rig?
I hope someday some title would say : Alienware 9999X : the $0.25 computer :p
Cool, but if someone only has 5 $ for a computer, I hardly believe he or she has money for an HDMI monitor. 
Cover it in an Aluminum case, glue a screen and a speaker to it and you have a $10 dollar phone.    

Emboss a white piece of fruit with a bite taken out of it onto the case and you have a $600 iPhone 6xx. 
No longer is this impressive to anyone besides tinkers. You can literally get a android smartphone with no contract for $10 at walmart ($30 elsewhere). $10 gets you a faster cpu, gpu, more ram, storage, a screen, wifi and cellular, and cameras.

This is cool, but you have to spend more to use it and even then it will still be behind a junk smartphone.
But will it blend?
I'd be down for a slice after I get me some of that turkey!
0 calories I like it
Fucking Adafruit. No stock unless you want to buy a 'budget bundle' for $30 where they throw in some stuff that would be $10-$15 collectively. Always a rip off. Why do I even look at that site anymore?
Wonder if it can run a source game? 
What else do I need to get this to work? (HDMI cable? Power brick? USB cable for power? Connectors? A case? Etc)
I guess it's a competitor for CHIP-a 8$ computer. But though CHIP by Next Thing Co. is better.
I have two recent Macs one running a Kodi based media centre, one running 10.10 and the ability to read books that I otherwise wouldn't likely have.
It would be best they built in wireless as well. 

There is no native networking on this device. If you use the only usb port to connect a wifi dongle, you are out of usb port. 
Honestly most people who buy this are just going to let it collect dust and eventually it'll end up in a landfill. 
the only relevant question: can I watch porn on it?
It seems to be missing the ribbon cable display connector. Would there is there a way to hook one up to this board?
**wish** someone could buy me a magazine and ship it to India :(
Five bucks might be the cost of the components; It'll set you back  £11.88 + VAT + shipping from Element 14 in the UK.
More like 5 dollar Potatoe
Will it run Windows 3.1?
The 5$ computer.... Which for some reason is £11.88 ($17.96) in the UK from element 14 before tax and shipping. That's some currency conversion going on!!
Yeah, but will it play Fallout 4?
Considering how much technology is in my phone, why can't I just use my phone to do all that this does? 
Yeah the CHIP is still a better option IMO. 
Don't forget to buy a 10 dollar wifi dongle for this 5 dollar computer!
$5 and it's still shit.
It's not a "$5 computer" because to do anything with it you also need a $100 HDMI monitor, $20 keyboard, $5 mini-USB cable and power source, $5 USB hub, $5 case, and $10 wireless adapter.
Can I play WoW on this?
Oh yeah, I'll give money to a company that has blacklisted and publicly attacked me on twitter.
Can someone be kind enough to send me issue with Pie? 
"the 5$ computer" is advertised at 25 to 35$ on the same site that says it's a 5$ computer. How stupid can people be?
Can this handle fallout4 on medium? 
[deleted]
How badly did they manage their funds that such a collapse would happen? Exactly why I'm cautious about what I crowd fund.
They were always a bit sketchy. I've been a backer. They were always hesitant with demos and stuff....
If the guy running company decides to say woohoo jackpot and take off with $1.4M is he breaking the law? Or is the money legally his now to do whatever he pleases with it? 
Reminds me of the scene from Silicon Valley, where he returns the margarita machine.  Paraphrasing.

"...my mom mortgaged her house. What'd you need?"

"...I'm broke and need money".
I've kickstartered over 35 projects, and so far only 2 have failed. Of the total, 1 was 'hardware' (a tabletop game), the rest just computer games. Most of them were delayed, but eventually I got what I ordered (or still waiting).   
When deciding to help fund a kickstarter project, you really have to forget your hype and 'fandom', and check the company page. Small teams (or individuals) are very dangerous, not necessarily because of frauds or mismanagement like in this case, but the potential of the project to stall or die if just one person fails (dies, quits, whatever) is too big.  

I'm only sorry that the media explodes with news when a Kickstarter project fails, but they don't mention the majority which are delivered ok. KS is a great way for projects that otherwise wouldn't be able to come to light.
good god I almost bought one from them
Just think, if we had given them more money maybe they would have succeeded. 
I'd collapse any project after taking in $3.4 million too... with that kind of cash in hand why not just retire and put your pipe dream project to bed?
As long as Super Troopers 2 still comes out everything will be fine.
"We don't sell merchandise, we sell dreams. And dreams frequently don't come true. Well, yours, not ours." They're currently having lobster AND cracked crab somewhere in the Caymans...
Shipping electronic hardware is brutal at the best of times. Trying to ship a low volume, first run hardware item is approaching insanity.

Kickstarter volumes are the equivalent of "test runs" to verify that the line and parts are all up to spec in other industries. 
The annoying song they used in the video would be enough for me not to back them
&gt; Unfortunately, backers are investors, not creditors, we are at the bottom of the repayment list, so do not dream of getting a single cent back.
  
Uh, you're not even an investor, dude.  
  
Edit: Also, how the hell did a micro-FPV quad get millions in funding? Shit is all over alibaba/aliexpress for cheap.
"Call it a failure if you like, but I'll never have to work again." -guy who pocketed three million, probably.
This is why you should treat kickstarter as a bet. You bet X amount of money that the company follows through on its promises. If they don't, hey it was a bet, and you knew you could lose. The next time that company/person asks for money on kickstarter you'll think twice before betting on them.  
If, on the other hand, they do come through, hooray! You did get the stuff that you 'won' in the bet, bigger bets meaning more/better prizes, what with the tiered reward systems on kickstarter.  
  
The big thing here is, *don't bet anything you can't afford to lose*
Does Kickstarter have no option to cease funding once it reaches 100%? I find this really stupid, but I imagine its because it makes Kickstarter more money.
I get why Kickstarters that don't raise a lot of money fail, but how could these guys fail when raising millions of dollars for a little toy?

As someone who designs electronics for a living myself, I really can't see how they blew through $3.4M.

Let's assume each drone costs them $50 in parts, which is a totally reasonable assumption for something so small made in such large quantities. That's $750K for 15,000 drones. Add $5 for shipping, that's $75K. Let's say they need to employ one engineer, and a programmer to write their OS, for one year. Let's be generous and pay each of them $50K a year. A ridiculous sum for a couple guys who should be scrimping and saving during their startup phase, but whatever. Offices, totally not necessary. But let's say they spend $1K a month on a small office. Let's say they rent some office equipment too. We'll allocate $25K for that office for the year. Finally, let's allocate $50K towards the injection molds and hiring someone to create them. That comes to $1M.

Finally you've got Kickstarter's 7% take which comes to 239K.

So let's just round it to $1.25M

So where the hell did the other $2.1M+ go? Even if you doubled the cost of the drones, did a second round of injection molds, and paid four employees $50K a year for an office twice as large, you'd still have over $1M left.
&gt; Torquing plans on having Zano users automatically send video footage to the company's servers so it can be corrected in post-production.

HA. NOPE.
Don't **EVER** back kickstarters for electronic hardware. Just wait and buy the device at full price, if it is successful.

These people vastly underestimate how difficult and expensive it is to develop electronics, especially when they must be mass produced or use proprietary firmware. For more insight on exactly why, read the post mortem for Triggertrap.

And for all of the people upset that they refunded pre-orders but not kickstarter backers, they had to because they can be sued by the people who pre-ordered. They have less legal obligations to the backers.
It's almost like giving people money ahead of time for products they may or may not actually deliver and that may or may not end up being worth the money is a bad idea. Who would have thought, eh?
There are so many players rushing into this market right now.  Having a good design/idea is one thing, but having the business acumen and wherewithal to be successful in such a booming, highly-contested market is a whole different ball of wax.  Everyone thinks all they need is that good idea, when in reality execution of the idea in the business world is the hard part and what separates the dreamers from successful entrepreneurs.  Business is a fickle thing.
I wonder how much of the $3.5 million went to technical people who could actually design and build the software and hardware, and how much went to marketing.  
TIL you can win the lottery on Kickstarter and not make good on your promises. 
Beers and strippers aren't cheap.  Math checks out, 3.4 million, 600 drones, 5,600 each.
Do you mean to tell me that a bunch of engineers don't know shit about business and manufacturing?
The joys of a nice Kickstarter scam/tank job.
The issue here is that electronics production (R&amp;D, Production, Shipping, etc.) can be ridiculously expensive. Usually so expensive that puny kickstarter funds won't do it alone. It always turns out more expensive than planned. And having inexperienced members (i.e little to no experience from "real" electronics industries) will just compound any mistakes made early on. Once you've made something, had the stuff produced, and catch errors or mistakes in hardware, that's money right out of the window. 


So, for any people here that are toying with the idea of "cheap" consumer electronics: 

-Hire a good and experienced electronics (manufacturing) engineer/manager. Yes, they'll probably be expensive, but this is a field where you want to minimize EVERYTHING before starting production. 

-Seek funding everywhere. Don't rest on a relatively big kickstarter fund, because those bucks will start to burn very fast. 


Most experienced guys will tell you to not even bother if you've only got around $1-3MM, for a fully functioning gadget. It's going to end up as a slow death, unless it's a very simple item with little-to-no R&amp;D involved. 
Backers are NOT investors, and I wish they'd stop saying things like that as it relates to crowdfunding. Backers are money donors who are lightly promised some token for giving their money away.
lol kickstarter users a) considering themselves investors, and b) expecting to be thought of during liquidation proceedings.  kickstarter is nothing more than glorified pre ordering of products that may never exist.  if you cant live without the money, dont fund a kickstarter project.
Wait so this is basically the Nigerian prince scam.  Except instead of a prince, it's a "entrepreneur"
Thank god kickstarter companies arent used in investments.
People just don't understand kickstarter.  You're donating money, and on the off chance they succeed, you get a prize.  
This is why buying shit on Kickstarter is stupid. Normal people either get the product when they pay (customers), or get a stake in the company for putting money in before the product is ready (venture capitalists). Kickstarter buyers get the worst of both worlds... They accept a risk without getting any upside.
My favorite thing about Kickstarter is all of the people getting a crash course in business investing. People who threw $10 at an idea they liked can't  believe the company folded. As if Kickstarter is different than any other business investment. Companies go out of business even if they raise a lot of money. The outrage I have seen recently by people with ridiculously small investment is hilarious. 
This is a great example of why you don't use kickstarter to buy things as a customer. 
I realize this is very cynical but I applaud these guys who get funded on Kickstarter. They have found a gold mine of gullible idiots willing to donate millions. The company folds a few months later, they send a "we're sorry...thanks for your faith" email, and then laugh all the way to the bank. Kickstarter is essentially a flea market for scams. The people taking advantage of this have absolutely no morals about fleecing people but you have to give them credit for finding a legal way to steal money. 
I have never even thought of giving a kick start money. Y'all crazy
Study accounting and then building 15,000 drones for 150,000 dollars.
[Predicted this almost 4 months ago](https://www.reddit.com/r/shittykickstarters/comments/3bi46k/does_the_zano_scam_the_arist_scam_or_not/).   
I'm so over kickstarters, its about as useful as bitcoins 
Is that title misleading, or are the 15,000 orders relating to orders placed through their website? As backing something on Kickstarter is definitely not an order.
We used to call this fraud.
If your kickstarter makes over a million bucks, use that demonstrated demand to raise capital for a mass consumer product.  Kickstarters are just that, starters, they aren't supposed to be the whole shebang.
So i was one of the unlucky backers who backed this project. I see a lot of people with the argument of "you can't complain, kickstarter is a risk" and to a certain extent I agree, the issue with Torquing Group here is that they breached Kickstarter rules which state you must have a working prototype. All their marketing, promotional material was all based on a lie. They even had a booth at CES and didn't demo their product citing issues with losing a laptop that contained the software to run the drone. It's all fishy and they've scammed 12,000 backers out of a lot of funds.

Up until October, they were giving updates saying shipping was imminent, then all of a sudden the CEO leaves the company and a week later, they've entered liquidation. A quick search on companies house shows that one of the directors behind Torquing Group has founded a new company the day the CEO left, something doesn't sit right with this and the company remains silent in the mean time.
Kickstarter isn't a marketplace.
The Coolest Cooler project from Kickstarter is following the same path.  They are almost 2 years late in delivering the coolers, and keep sending out updates about factory strikes and shipping issues.  They announced yesterday that they are selling a "limited amount" of the pre-made coolers meant for KS backers to the public because they are running out of funding.  I give it 3 months before they announce their bankruptcy...
Such a bunch of jokers. I can't believe people can get away with shit like this. Bet they were living like kings for a while.
Please keep crowd funding, its very entertaining to read about it collapsing. So glad i never give money to these stupid ideas. Their are literally dozens of companies investing hundreds of millions into drones but people will believe crowd funding these types of people will yield better results? If these guys were as good as they think then a venture capitalist would have seeded them the money. 

But please no need to listen to me. Keep crowd funding, I've got my popcorn ready.  
oh no, the 99% have been scammed again , bummerz :(( 
Simple, just twist clockwise quite hard, then tap the end with a hammer.
good, maybe the dumbasses who fund these projects will finally learn to STOP GIVING MONEY TO THESE SCAMMERS.
I wonder if they could not find any additional funding. I mean with 15000 ordered I would think there is a market there and the product seems to be produced already, even if it is only in limited quantity.
In this case, do the people who did not get a drone but contributed get their money back? What happens to the $3.4M? 
They should call them Jenga campaigns. 
The real crime was the song in the kickstarter video. My god that was horrible.
I feel like the fucking Coolest is on the verge of collapsing. Those mother fuckers raised something like $13Mill, and just sent out an update video saying they are going to start selling some
Coolers before backer orders are filled because 'they need to keep the lights on.'  Fuck that. Fill the backer order first damnit. You shouldn't need any more money after you raised that much. 
[What happened to all that money?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ByT3IlOfP5Y&amp;t=0m9s)
Looks like they got greedy.  They  had enough parts for 600 and then couldn't supply the rest.  15,000 drones is  a lot to fulfill for a small company.  I'm sure their distributor couldn't fulfill the order.   
3.4 million is not a lot of money when it comes to that many orders.  Look at Oculus -  the company was so successful that they almost buckled under the demand for their product.  If Facebook or another large company didn't buy them out,  we wouldn't have a consumer ready project next year.  

Of course this company was poorly managed and probably wouldn't go far even if they did manage to fulfill all the orders.  
Well that's not good.
Welcome to the world of investing. 
[Talk about this product](https://www.crunchbase.com/organization/torquing-group#/entity) has been going on for a while. All the press and buzz. Sad that execution wasn't as expected.
I'd hope that by now, several years and several high profile disappointments later that people have realistic expectations about crowd funding. 
The problem with crowdfunding is that it moves all the risk to the consumer. At the promise of "X% off of MSRP" people prepay for an idea that could go very wrong. If people just took a minute to realize the small marginal cost of buying at MSRP once the product, if-ever, hits the market versus the risk of never receiving a product they'd quickly come to realize it's not worth it.

I crowdsourced an iPhone stand - a simple aluminum stand - it was delayed over 6 months - that ended my status as a crowdfunder. I really want the Micro Drone 3.0 - it was crowdfunded 6 months ago - but instead of risking the money upfront I'm simply waiting for stores to carry the finished product.
It really bugs me when people set up these kickstarters and just don't have a plan.  
  
If you don't know how you're going to make a product in large quantities, then limit the rewards you offer to that which you know you can make.  
  
What some kickstarters do, which seems particularly scammy to me, is to straight up claim that the kickstarter money is all the cash they need to complete the rewards, then go "Actually, we're going to go straight into bulk production" and start completely changing the way they do things (and they've generally never been involved in mass production before) and then that money only pays for a sliver of getting started in mass production.  
  
Then they go after venture capital to fill the gap, leveraging the kickstarter as proof of interest in the product. If they don't get the venture capital, they blame that as the reason for failure. If they do, they often end up under restrictive clauses in the agreement (like not being able to talk openly about the project any more) which ends up pissing off the people who were fans. That hardcore fanbase is basically everyone who was excited about the product, and was spreading info about it by word of mouth. Now you've just lost the interest that was the selling point that got you the investment, and the whole thing is doomed.   
  
Inventors don't always make good businessmen. 
This. This is my fear of what's going to happen to the coolest cooler. A large majority of backers still haven't received product, there's a strike with a supplier, meanwhile they've opened up sales to full retail orders. We were all promised coolers months ago.
Anyone dumb enough to buy a 'selfie drone' deserves what they get.
This is why I always struggle to use Kickstarter.  Many of the things I find interesting tend to exceed $100, and I'm just not putting that kind of money in someones hand with zero guarantee I'll see anything from it.
I want to kickstart an improved kickstarter that will hold all the funded projects to higher standards. 
Their drone looks like the Hubsan X4...
can anyone here repost the backers only statement?
I think the backers should start a kickstarter campaign to finance the recovery of their money!
The problem with Kickstarter is that entrepreneurs can bypass convincing investors with deep industry knowledge and instead persuade the general public to pledge their money with little more than marketing materials.

Not saying this is always what happens, but it's very clearly a case where things can easily go off the rails if the entrepreneur is unethical, amateur, incompetent/lazy, or unlucky.

I have literally heard a 2nd-in-command MBA say flippantly "No business model? No [working] prototype? No problem!" during the celebration announcing that their Kickstarter had surpassed their funding goal. Everyone laughed. Surprise surprise, 2 years later their luxury connected home product has failed miserably, the MBA was forced out despite having a majority stake, the lead designer quit, and the lead engineer is trying to prepare the 2nd iteration of the product.

Buyer beware. 
I still find it amazing that Kickstarter doesn't force payouts based on project milestones:

* Fully funded, receive 40% of your project money
* 20% of order shipped, receive another 30% 
* Finish shipping, receive the final 30%

So you still get some up-front capital to work with, but the rest is dependant on getting/having your shit together.

Kickstarter should use "secret shoppers" who work for Kickstarter on the projects (and receive some sort of payment) to verify that projects have passed their milestones.

If a milestone isn't reached within a specific timeframe, the project is frozen and anything remaining in the account is immediately returned to backers.
USA company should get up, now many Chinese companies have gained the largest market share in drone market.
Venture consumerism.
I thought you create a start-up so you don't *have* to work
I've back two kickstarter projects. One for the Lomography Petzval Lens and the other the Geckotek build plate for 3d printer. Both went past their expected delivery dates due to unexpected delays. Both encountered manufacturing issue with a part, didn't meet the goal they expected so its back to the drawing board, or lack of experience working with suppliers. I got what ordered in the end. From the projects I've seen, everyone project creator always seem to put a super aggressive delivery timeline, like 6 months, without taking into account delays. At least put an expected delivery date of a year to two later if you know there is going to be delays. I rather receive a working, quality product and still see a business thrive. And be attentive to your backers on a weekly, biweekly, or monthly bases. Little to no communication to backers is terrible for reputation.  I know doing Kickstarter is a 50/50 thing. As others have mention, we the people are pledging (investing) money into the company to make a product. Make a smart decision knowing risks may not be fully divulge.
Oh well. "Administrative Costs" strikes again.
When you donate to kickstarter, are you a shareholder, or are you ordering the product, or both?
Personally I don't understand why anyone funds KS campaigns for computer games when the failure rate is that high.  Is there not enough games out there that are actually ON the market?  Also, I just don't get why people fund KS campaigns for random items they didn't even know could be built ten minutes ago.  I guess if someone had some truly revolutionary item, then yeah go for it.  But people fund stuff that sounds fun but do they really need it.
I too worked for a startup Kickstarter company that jacked money from all its customers and only shipped a small fraction of what it promised. AMA
This really makes me feel like I totally failed with Kickstarter.  I couldn't even reach our goal of $3,000, how on earth does this raise 3.4 million AND fail?  :( sad face
Really hoping I get my coolest cooler. :-/
I'm trying to remember if I almost sponsored this one...
This is why I only donate at the most like $60. I'd hate to be the person that donates a ton of money for a huge backer bonus only for it to never happen.
I would imagine that stabilization would be a huge issue with this thing. I bet if this did make it it would have flopped anyways.
Hence why I think kickstarter is really about giving your money away. 
The dude who says investors will be unlikely to see their money back.. Yea what do you expect when you invest.. Investing is a risk 
Just wait until the Star Citizen collapse happens...
That happens from time to time when you only get 3.4 million dollars to get 15,000 drones manufactured &amp; sent out in the span of a year. Plus all of the hundreds of thousands they had to pay for development &amp; patents.
So this thing is basically a selfie stick without the stick? 
What ever happen with the Me drone that was suppose to follow you and shit 
At $226 per unit they must have promised quite a lot. My own drones cost a little less and while being twice the size are still nimble in addition to having a 15-25min flight time and 11.2second quarter mile times. 
if they were viable wouldnt they have gotten way mroe than 3.4M. wouldnt they have gotten some money from VC's and shit.
I was so close to backing this, bullet dodged. 
I backed Carmageddon Reincarnation...know how it feels to throw away money :(
More proof that money doesn't make a great product/company. Smart people do.
Should the company return the money to the investors????
How much did they pocket?

Seems to me Kickstarter could be a good way of making money for relatively nothing.
Why didn't they just get a loan from a bank like a normal business?  Maybe the bank knew it wasn't going to succeed...
What people fail to realize is that kickstarter is a donation site with zero guarantee of a product and zero protection against fraud. 

I expect the fed will one day force kickstarter to remove any promise of reward products tied to donation amounts once a bigger fraud case occurs. 
That's true but not the same people who have great ideas for inventions are often not the same as far as I can tell.
I supported a crowdfunded project only to end up with some piece of crap item that was already being sold in China. The kickstarters must be laughing all the way to the bank.  Now I'm very careful with what I fund.
Are people not aware that Hong Kong companies are years ahead of this? Why risk a kickstarter when [these guys](http://www.silverlit.com/a/) have them coming out of the factory already? 
So if people donate to kickstarter can the person/company just take the money and run? Could they just say it collapsed and keep the (in this case 3.4 mil) donations? If so, I don't see why a lot of people wouldn't just do that.
They've flown off with all the money.
So all the people that agreed to pay for the product that doesn't exist never received the product. 
What's the problem?
I'm seeing a pattern emerge from these kickstarters. 
The main reason the drone itself failed was that to enable it's 'self flying' and object avoidance features they opted to use infrared. 

This means that the drone could only 'see' and therefore avoid objects that reflected IR light, so anything dark coloured like trees, walls, people it would just fly straight into.

Not to mention the fact that there are so many other IR devices that confused the hell out of the drones sensors.

The only way they could fix it would be to start over, and they couldn't afford to do that
Always be weary of a kickstarter that doesn't introduce the owner/ceo in the video introducing their background their accomplishments and then why we should donate to their project. 
With a song like that in the background of their promo vid, im not surprised.
Haha TimeCop
I remember this campaign - I was on their page almost every day for a while, hovering over the 'back this project' button but something told me not to do it - it just seemed too good to be true.
pls guys stop with the kickstarter bullshit already.

This shit is the next evolution of donate-a-dollar-day. Preys on developed countries citzens disposable income to make them feel like they are being progressive.
Crowdfunding it's the biggest scam of our century. I've never backed anything and I'll never do. 99% of projects are just shit people trying to maximize their budget, it's interesting because with the time you learn that these kind of people who rely on crowfunding are always the same stereotype of a mean person.
I'm not against the concept of it but seriously a genuine person who work with passion would persecute his goal no matter how much money he doesn't have.
Most experienced guys will tell you to make some technical trade-offs, all signs point to a great advertiser.
They could just buy one of those Chinese manufactured drones, it's cheap enough to ship 15,000 of them with 3 million bucks.
All Torq 
Read about COOLEST if you wanna hear a start up Kickstarter flop story... and it was not a surprise to me they fail, it was surprised they raised 13m dollars!
Where could I get a drone like this from? Are there any other similar products available?
The joys of a nice Kickstarter scam/tank job.
Anyone wanna buy a pocket drone?
Looks like a [Hubsan X4](http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00EXBDWZC/ref=pd_lpo_sbs_dp_ss_2?pf_rd_p=1944687702&amp;pf_rd_s=lpo-top-stripe-1&amp;pf_rd_t=201&amp;pf_rd_i=B00IZC6C8E&amp;pf_rd_m=ATVPDKIKX0DER&amp;pf_rd_r=1BY1D9EYA6XRP5FAHAB5) except with an app and 10 times as expensive.
This is why I don't crowd fund shit! Giving insane amounts of money to a bunch of inexperienced people. #smart
I find it mind boggling this ever took off, pun intended. The pitch was better selfies? I can't believe anyone would ever want to buy this, let alone back it on kickstarter.
This is pretty much on the same level as kreyos on idiegogo. I got my money back before they went bankrupt. First and last time I'll back a project.
$3.4mill is not enough to design manufacture and ship 15,000 drones.
 
All these kick starters over stretch themselves. This is why VC's exist. People don't do the due diligence that a VC would do. That said, sometimes VC's miss great things and the public picks it up.
  
The professionals have a less than 50% success rate for projects funded. What do you think the public success rate is?
Who would fund this project with that cringe-worthy promo video?? The music was hilariously bad!
Has anything good really came out of Kickstarter, ever?
Whoa, a Kickstarter project failed?  What a shocking development that is!
Ironically, a vastly overfunded kickstarter is 100% marketing.
This is why I don't do Kickstarter. Also because I don't have any money.
Either a crime or sabatoged by the competition
so many frauds on kickstarter
So what made their quad different from ones that were already on the market? 
I considered giving them my money, but their claims seemed dubious from the very start. I'm glad I didn't fall for it. Surprised to see such anti Kickstarter sentiment though. So far I backed Divine Divinity: OS, Dreamfall Chapters and from HW Pirates Electronics Kit. All these delivered, now I'm waiting on Kingdom Come: Deliverance. So far I love it!
It probably failed because of that horrible fucking song they used in the promo video. Karmas a bitch.
It's gonna take 3.4Mil just to slap shipping labels on 15K units...
At what point is it fraud?
They should open source whatever they have learned till now, so that someone else with better management &amp; implementation skills will bring Zano to the market.
They just sent out an email to backers (Kickstarter that is) Why haven't they done this for other projects?!

http://www.finalor.com/2015/11/kickstarter-emails-backers-with-an-update-on-zano-debacle/
Kickstarter is a gamble, and I don't have any sympathy to gamblers whining they lost money on their addiction.
This is a great example of why you should never put a cent in kickstarter projects. If it ends up in a product that they can actually produce and ship, you can just buy it then. There's no need to jump the gun with the risk involved in this kind of projects.
Wow, who was running this?  FemFreq?
For $3.4M I could outfit 340 houses and apartments with the highest tech in modern kitchen, bedroom and living room items and these fuckers can't make a less than 1lb drone ship more than 5% of units.
Crowdfunding is too easy - promotes garbage companies with no idea how to do business to get in nearly risk free.  
"ZANO: Taking Your Selfies to New Heights"

Thank god this thing failed.
The guy ran away with the money.
You have to be an idiot to back stuff on Kickstarter. To make a product like this, it requires many millions of dollars. It just does. And to be able to deliver, both the quality promised and on time, is a skill that very few, if any, small startups are able to. 

So stop backing stupid Kickstarters. 
It's been proven time and time again. Crowdfunding is for rubes.
Good. Selfie innovation needs to stop.

Take a goddamn picture and get on with your life, ideally of something interesting instead of another boring human on instagram having lunch or whatever.
I'm an electrical engineer. Anyone remotely knowledgeable about electronics and computer programming could have seen this coming from their kickstarter. There is no way they could meet their promises with the hardware they selected. The processor probably isn't even fast enough to sample the sensors they advertised. In the video the guy just mentioned two of the most simple filters in digital signal processing like they are some sort of secret sauce. Coincidentally the filters have nothing to do with the problem they are trying to solve. Even if you aren't an electrical engineer the fact that these guys showed no video of the phone app working should have been a major red flag. Another red flag should have been that these guys are promising to do very difficult things for a bargain basement price. When things seem too good to be true, they often are.

I knew this project was a scam 100% when these guys announced their lack of progress was due to them creating their own operating system (LOL!).
No way! What?! 
Were the drones supposed to Get KONY, because I may have heard this one before.
I don't think Kickstarter works. Asking someone to innovate with an amazing idea AND implement that idea is asking too much. Marketing, finance, logistics, supply chain, business strategy... there's a reason big companies have 1000's of emloyees.
Why would you trust the British to build something electronic?  When have they ever done well making electronics?  Hell, the last time they were good at designing and building anything themselves was probably the 1930s. 
called it.
Should of donated to our indiegogo instead.
Kickstarter is really just a way to borrow money without ruining your credit or getting your legs broken. 

Also, it's for people that real investors won't touch.

I've been ripped off more times than not, so I gave up.
[CAVEAT EMPTOR GODDAMN YOU PEOPLE](http://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/caveatemptor.asp)
Surely they could of had sold off the company to a popular drone company, or that company that produced selfie sticks.

After all they did ship 600 drones, so it's not like the product was still in prototype stage.

I'm sure if they made the drones pink women would love taking mk2 selfies.

People bitch about CEOs but this is a good example why you need good leadership for a company.
Crowd funding is just a catchy phrase meaning Pre-order... /r/pcmasterrace has been warning us of the pitfalls of pre-orders for a long time
Yeeeep, my brother and I got duped with this one. Few hundo each. Nice little haircut...woof.
Seriously, fuck Kickstarter! There needs to be a rule in place that makes sure people get there money back. 
Kickstarter: The new pyramid scheme. 
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/marshallbrain] [After raising record $3.4M on Kickstarter, UK drone startup collapses: Torquing Group only shipped 600 of the more than 15,000 Zano drones ordered. (more detail in comments)](https://np.reddit.com/r/MarshallBrain/comments/3tf11i/after_raising_record_34m_on_kickstarter_uk_drone/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
A spokesperson for the company commented that: "IT'S JUST A PRANK, BRO!"
"cofounder and CEO Ivan Reedman abruptly left Torquing Group, citing "personal health issues and irreconcilable differences.”

Pick one excuse and stick to it, otherwise it makes you sound like a child trying to explain why you didn't do your homework
A lot of scams in the UK, just saying.

I need to think up something like this that will appeal to the stupid white majority so I can just run away with their money with absolutely zero consequence.
see like, how could this happen. With that much money, they could've hired another company to do all the work for them.
Still outperforms government! 
Have any kickstarter projects ever delivered??  I feel like I read about so many of these "take the money and run" stories for projects that got ridiculous funding.  
finally online bullying can have a purpose
I thought people wouldn't go outside once HD porn came out; This could be a huge game changer.
Why not just submerge the person in a breathable gel and use lasers to activate/harden the gel at points of contact? See, problem solved. Jez.
So... What your telling me is, that we are getting closer to a possible Ready Player One future. I'm shapes about this... I'm both excited for how awesome it could be and scared for what it could do to humanity... 
Can this simulate masturbation in a virtual environment?
Now just to hone down to pure mental stimulation. I will gladly be apart of the equivalent to Sword Art Online :P
Pretty cool. Couple this with an exoskeleton that limits your movent based on the virtual environment, like force feedback for all your joints, and suddenly you have full immersion. 
If you touched a box infront of you, the exoskeleton resists you pushing your hand through. Punch the box, and not only will your hand be stopped by the skeleton, but you'll feel the impact and the muscle response from this device.

Truly immersive experiences are just around the corner.
CoD is gonna get a lot more intense. 
I bet that we are still using a controller in 20 years just because we are too lazy to move around to actually use the VR.
As I figured, there are lots of porn comments, but really well done VR could have great applications. You could gradually confront phobias in a systematic and controlled way, have students experience what it was like to live in the past, or what it's like to currently live in other places in the world. There are very interesting and important ways we could apply this and only 80% of them have to do with sex.
We're getting closer to virtual sex.
Until acceleration can be simulated VR is still going to make me violently ill after 15 minutes.
ITT: porn and videogames is all people can think of
*Squeeze squeeze* Yes...this is what we will all be doing.
Haptic suits are coming! Are you Ready Player One?
( ͡o ͜ʖ ͡o)
Yeah, that "power glove" is only gonna have ONE finger on it, now.

How long until this technology can fuck me
[deleted]
Unfortunately, [it's really expensive but only works on people who have nads.](http://i.imgur.com/MarLsVd.png)
Neckbeards! Start asking for mummy's extra cash now.  Save all your GBP.  Construct the pleasure room in the basement.  The time is almost upon us! 
Here come the tits?
Step 1: Haptic gloves. *check*

Step 2: OASIS

Step 3: Profit
[Something like this was already made nearly 2 years ago.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lBgmmuEe9HQ)
This whole comment section is porn jokes. Ugh.
We need to skip all these intermediary steps and get to directly stimulating the areas of the brain responsible for sensory perception.  
LINK START
Sword Art Online here I come!
Haptic feedback isn't "new". It's been around for a while.
By feel objects they probably mean it gives them small electric shocks, which don't actually feel like anything.
There was a similar product for the 16 bit consoles. It was a vest that you would strap on, and it would have vibrations that corresponded with things that happened in the games. It was called Aura Interactor Vest.
This is the answer to the population issues in India and China!
 Commence the telefuckin'
This could be really cool as a bullet vest that lets you feel bullets as they hit. Or maybe even a helmet... [HEADSHOT! ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i1BDGqIfm8U&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=54)
I first read that as "contact on the weiner".
Saving up for my Nerve Gear^*TM*
This is how prisoners are gonna be housed in the future. No problems. little space requirements. Hold them in a glass box and in Virtuel Reality. 
[Can you fuck it?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IKBJxZf-Dgs)
T-Bagging will be awesome.
The future of sex toys is now. 
When are they going to partner up with Fleshlight?
I want this on my dick. Be gentle please.
You know what that means.
*wink*
How does all that equipment fit on my junk?
A great day for virtual porn.
One word: porn. 
Actual reality users still not impressed with same feature.
Aaaannnnd here comes the porn industry to make it 10 times better 
This isn't new though. It is a developing area of research with vr
What's with the 2 FPS?
If there is one aspect of technology in which research cannot be financed by the porn industry, I'd love to see it.
You say virtual reality.. All I think about is porn..!
So....sex with robots?

Nice.
Tldr please? Or an explanation of how it works is suffice
I thought this would be brain/ nerve system stuff, not pads all over you
Real holopanels here we come.
How soon can they allow a man to know what it's like to be a woman in a gigantic orgy? 
Am I the only person who thought porn is going to skyrocket with this?
i can finally stab someone through the internet
Obligatory SAO plz
That name though... "Impacto" :/ 
Bruh, how do we know we aren't already wearing more advanced versions of this?
Mostly for porn, because you couldn't feel porn before
i mistook the thumnail as a vertically shot photo of a girl wearing shorts and ice skates
Why tho? *WHY?*
This can one day be so amazing for sports gaming. We can all actually be that professional athlete we were all too lazy or fat to be! 
How long until we have a super immersive game that kills us when we die?
Next stop: virtual pain!
[And Jesus wept for there were no more worlds to conquer.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i4iQfJftmOU)
That much closer to my goal of never leaving my bed.
Won't be long now until we get our virtual reality blood sports with 100% pain threshholds.
earnest cline probably has the smuggest look on his face right now
"Ready Player 1" is almost here!
Can I slap someone over the internet?   Why is nobody working on this?
First read headline as "Researchers create new device that simulates contact on the wiener". Re-read it and resigned myself to disappointment that the future still isn't here.
This is good. We're getting there! Just look how fast we progressed with computers over the years .. 
In the future all hardcove video game nerds are ripped bad-ass super soldiers with thousands of hours of virtual combat training.

Still living in their parents basement having never had a job due to crippling social anxiety and showering only once a week.
[It's happening](http://pbfcomics.com/134/)
It only works for mice.
But, can it let me feel... love?
Heh, virtual boobs. They're gonna be disappointing, I know that for sure already...

Still, they're boobs. Even if it's *virtual boobs&lt;your grandma's boobs&lt;my boobs&lt;my wife's boobs*, it's still boobs.

Woah, *boobs* is such a weird word.
Imagine playing call of duty with this technology.... 
big money big money no whammied realistic sex virtual reality in my lifetiiiiiiime .... STOP
This has been around for a while.
Does it come with a Penis attachment or do I just use one of the arm pieces?
Sword Art Online pls
The porn industry is going to have a field day with this one..
AH! I'M FUCKIN SHOT!!!
Shit. Can you imagine how VR horror games are going to be now?
Rule 34 of gadgets: the first question asked of any new technology is "how can we have sex with this?"
The porn industry is just dying to get there hands on this technology.
And virtual sex has arrived. 
Sword Art Online!
**LINK START!**

*"Welcome to Aincrad. Please enter your username to continue."*

IT BEGINS...
finally H-games are going to be fun to play.
Beating Up Your Wife Simulator can be a thing now!
I'm sold. Just one question. Where do I put my dick?
Porn is about to rule.
Does the thumbnail look like a picture turned 90 degrees counter clockwise of a guy in roller skates wearing tiny black shorts to anyone else?
With a DK1, do some developers still use this old tech?
I wonder if it possible in our life time to have something similar to Sword Art Online
dead space...big time nope
I can't be the only one who read it as "weaner"...
Now we just need some sort of multidirectional treadmill to allow the user to actually walk infinitely without moving around.
i'm telling you guys, this needs to be an entire suit that is connected to one of those huge gyroscope things so the user can also be tossed around a bit.  it could be cool.
"objects."  right.  that's what this will be used for, to feel "objects."  with your "hands."  
is there a fleshlight attachment? 
Fps games are about to get crazy
Could use tactile feedback by ultrasound
The OASIS is closer than we think.
"Virtual reality just got real". So 'real reality'? Or perhaps 'Really real reality'.
I know this is probably unpopular opinion, but I don't want to jump around to play VR. If I'm gonna go through all this effort to play virtual Tennis,  I might as well just go play tennis.

I just want the same games I play now with my controller but with 360 degrees of visual immersion. I'm not trying to swing a magic wand around.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HvQj3NygkPc#t=0m40
Cue the sex games 
once the full body version of that is ready then comes virtual sex 
Still far away from SAO
Since the DK2 is out of production,,,,

Can anybody here suggest a similar VR headset that is available? 

I am currently looking into performing some VR research using the HTC vive as an alternative, also because i'm unsure of the Occulus and its linux support. 
Ready Player One ... read it.
Sword Art Online gets closer every day.
CoD is gonna get a lot more intense. 
This will eventually be used to simulate sex, I guarantee it!
What happens if you fall into a virtual pit with virtual spikes at the bottom. 
And the first tests were with dildos.
How much does porn drive technological development again? 
And here I am, still waiting for WoW in virtual reality.

I'm not even asking for improved graphic! Just the vanilla version, in virtual reality.
You know where this is heading. Porn Hub should buy Oculus now.
So when is VR going to be drawn directly onto our Retinas?  I'm ready for 'Ready Player One' level shit
Wait until the porn industry finds this.
needs to get to the point where actions in the game dont effect your body irl
Read 'ready player one'.  He basically made a book out of this thread.  its awesome
I pitched this to my professors, they said it's too complicated and unfeasible. 


Now I'm just thinking about the application for porn! 

Edit: Now* autocorrect... 
Well, now horror games will actually become worse than before.

Scary woods? Darkness? Single torch you feel in your hand. Tapped on the shoulder. 

Just need to simulate virtual shit in my pants to match the real shit that will be happening.
You wanna end up in the matrix people? This is how you end up in the matrix
this will take porn to a new level i welcome.
I imagine viruses will get a whole lot nastier.
My online sexual fantasies will be ever more fun, when this becomes more sophisticated ;)
From the look of this, it is just a few solenoids vibrating at the right time, not completely impressed.
Finally we can enjoy porn the way it was meant to be.
&gt;it adds impact to the hit by thrusting the user’s arm backwards using electrical muscle stimulation

This is an accident waiting to happen. Seems like a novelty item that will go with a boxing game of some sort, hopefully it has the software to keep up with the potential of this kind of thing. Also those modules look really bulky, I hope they manage to slim them down a bit.
Where do you insert your penis?
I'd like to try on one vagina please.
Would the haptic feedback cause issues with muscles. Like constant usage sounds like it could have some weird effects
Not exactly new. The science of haptics has been around for quite awhile. I took a graduate elective in it like 6 years ago where we programmed various haptics robots and tactors for exactly this purpose.
Finally me and Mikoko can consummate our love.
I dunno, looks pretty lame at this stage.
Until someone finds a way to use it for porn it's not ready for prime time.
 If you die in the matrix. You die in real life... 
[It has been fortold!](http://bash.org/?4281)
Not the type of online feeling everyone is looking for
anyone remember that game from Video Game Highschool by freddiew? That's the shit I wanna see done with this
When I see things like this, I question how anyone can possibly believe that we aren't currently living in simulation. Simulations as realistic as real life will undoubtedly arrive in the coming decades, which nearly guarantees that it has already happened. No?
Am I the only one that thought the image was of a woman rollerskating taken horizontally?
Star Trek has come home to roost!
I just want a sex bot
IINM Shrek 4D does this is Disney World Orlando. 
Am I like the only person who finds this whole concept potentially terrifying?
This will revolutionize wanking as we know it!
Further proof that we are already in the matrix 
Battlefield 6 will be so sweet feeling bullets and rockets piercing my body.  

Or a sword fighting game where my limbs are hacked...

Or nintendogs that'd be fun.
Think about a game that actually gives you some amount of pain would be a lot of fun.
pc sensitivity has gone too far!
Thus begins the age of virtual reality. South Park predicted it.
I CAN FINALLY PUNCH PEOPLE OVER THE INTERNET.

FINALLY I CAN BREAK THE 10 YR OLDS ARMS IN RANKED.
Welcome to the matrix...
Underground legal virtual fight clubs anyone?
does this mean robots can now feel pain??????
Iirc didnt this tech exist already in a way?
The porn industry will never be the same.
I remember over 50 years ago reading about "feelies" in science fiction novels. Movies where you experienced the story rather than just watching it. So here we go. Oh, and yes, of course, pornography was the obvious application back then too.
This way others can see it in their homes.
[Link to actual Video which can also be found in the article.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-JVqRy0sWWY)
Not exactly what I would consider "Flashlight" but more. "a large unwieldy bar of photon splooging."
Real bright though.

http://imgs.xkcd.com/comics/flashlights.png

I hate sites that load their ads before the content. 
keep in mind those LEDs shown are the cheap, chinese LEDs used as flood lights. They're the brightest things you can buy on a budget on ebay when going for the maximum luminous flux. If he was using high-end, high-efficiency LEDs like CREE or SSC or that other company I always forget the name of, he could probably add 50% more output at the same efficiency, though probably with a larger array. 
Don't give the lifted truck guys any ideas.  It's already shitty when they drive five feet behind my car on the highway.
Dude, everytime you turn that thing on you're pissing everyone off
This is about half as bright as the goddamn fridge light when you get up to get a drink in the middle of the night.
I bet your neighbors just loveee you. reminded me of [this](http://imgur.com/w24Ys)
I need to replace my brake lights with these for when people ride my ass.
Why wouldn't he put a bat symbol in front of the lenses?!
I foresee some "hold my beer" moments in his future.
We have one bright enough to blind the red light cameras!!!!!
/r/bikecommuting/ would love this.
Its like the [Komodo 3000](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EYng9T8EpS0)
Would it matter if it the LEDs were in a circular configuration so that it's closer to each other, rather than a line of it?
https://what-if.xkcd.com/13/
I wonder how much it cost him.  Even a single unit at 9000 would be pretty cool.
I wonder what 10 of those would look like, or more...
"Airline pilots hate him because of this one simple trick..."
lol I know this guy.  He is awesome.  Makes great RC videos.
In your face, Shelob!
95,000 lumens can be achieved with a 600 watt HPS lamp which costs £25. Granted, you need a ballast and a mains power supply. A 1,000 watt HPS lamp can easily put out 150,000 lumens.
Here's a direct link to the video. Been subscribed to this guy for a while, he puts out good stuff: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-JVqRy0sWWY
My mate bought one of those led roof bars for his 4x4, something like 180 leds, went offroading in the woods, it has a short range spread...jesus it turned night into day, hardly any shadow as well, awesome for picking out the terrain.
And installs in the back of his car for when tailgators think to flash their brights at him. Muhahahaaaa!
Daniel is a cool kid. RCtestflight.  https://www.youtube.com/user/rctestflight
-And points it right at his ex-wifes bedroom window everynight
That thing is so bringht it blinded me through the screen.
Sweet, now I can annoy those jerks on the ISS.
It's a marijuana grow light, don't lie. 
Wonder if it can be seen from space.
I like how its measured in iphone batteries for a comparison
You know, if somebody left a small mirror hanging in the woods, it might blind this guy.
Man vaporizes himself with flashlight he built.
How bright is the sun in comparison?
[Obligatory XKCD.](http://www.xkcd.com/1603/)
That kids a beast building that. Damn that thing is so bright. Though blinding someone could be an issue if someone was dumb enough to look into it the area it lights up is amazing. I want to build one now but in the city I'll probably be arrested
[Link to actual Video which can also be found in the article.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-JVqRy0sWWY)
Ok can someone build it and record the entire process, and let us know the cost?
"You can see how it illuminates the clouds" 

Oh and the entire house fucking house in the darkness 
I bet his neighbors hate him
Could grow some mean weed with that I bet. 
The daytime of the night.
He sure had a bright idea.
Great. He's now attracted a more advanced civilization to come here to tell this dude to TURN DOWN THE LIGHTS!!
1000w high pressure sodium bulbs have existed for decades, and their output is around 145,000 lumens. So to this, say "meh". 
We should put two or three of them on the moon so we can have two day times.
"Airline pilots hate him because of this one simple trick..."
I built one with one of those big yellow flashlights, the led sits at the front, has a heatsink, then a fan then voltage control. It uses 100watts. The thing is brighter that an average cars brights and cost me 12 bucks
That's one way to really piss off bigfoot.
I'd love to mount one of these on the back of my car to flash back at those who have their high-beams on behind me.
Please add a Batman logo and see what it looks like in the sky. 
but when can i mount it to my lifted 4x4? i want the brightest lightbar.
I wanna use it to grow pot. 
Whenever I see something like this I imagine the guy being interviewed as such:
&gt;Interviewer: so why did you build it?  
Guy: Because I god damned could, that's why 
x 10 for real results
I feel like this could be a war weapon. Just blind everyone firing at you and light them up (pun intended).
The circuit boards look like alien dancers with big stomachs. 
Sounds like something that should be mounted on a stormchasers vehicle!
At what point will I ever be able to buy anything like this what-so-ever? 

I want that scene from Sunshine in my hobby/workspace. Everyone says "why do you need this?" but hey, the customer is always stupid...
1. How much did it cost to build, 2. When is the instructable coming ?
If he wanted a heat sink why put the LEDs on standoffs? 
That thing would be great for storming buildings at night, blinding the enemy. 
But why?
From a distance that quad copter will look like a ufo.   
Anyone able to convert lumens to cradle power?
I want to bolt this to the top of my car, facing backwards. That way, when some asshole in a lifted truck pulls up and tries to blind me, I can blind him right back.
That website just brought my web browser to a crawl, while gasping for air.
i need this to blind asshole drivers in la
Someone's going to see this and try to top it. 
Popup blocks the entire screen and u cant close it without opening the link. 90k lumens? More like ad bomb.
I am aware, but this was back in the back of his car for when people ride my ass.
Well, I guess we can find bigfoot now.
Video seems to be dead for me...won't load on the site and the link below won't load either
I think even a blind person could see that. And if you could see before that, you would be blind.... hmmm
Mmmmmm...thermal grease. 
you can see from this go pro on a quadcopter... how much my neighbors hate me! 
That guy used to post videos with his hot gf and she genuinely seemed to like him. If you do some clever facebook stalking you can see he pretty much held on as long as youd expect.
I hope those were blank rounds at the end, otherwise they were just firing around blindly like dumbasses.
But how many candles is that?
Good enough for a few cannabis plants...
Such a bright character this one.
Sudden increase in UFO sightings near that guy's house.
would work great on my grow rig[4]
Do that around trailer parks at night and watch the rubes come out hoping to get anal probed by space aliens.

You haven't lived (in a trailer park) until you get anal probed by space aliens.  They really seem to like trailer parks for some reason..
I thought lumens were measured like golf score with the lower being brighter, also a 100W light bulb is 1600 lumens, so wouldn't 90,000 be really dim. If i'm wrong please correct me.
Did Ahmed make it?
Jesus Christ, the man ripped off Helios' head and it's using it as a flashlight.

The whole video I was thinking "Don't you dare shine it at the camera agai... FUCK"

edit: a word
The Cadillac escalade is still worse. 
Just waking up one day and thinking, "Man, I wanna make a big ass flashlight today."
This will spawn a new breed of douche bags with extremely bright headlights. 
That would be very useful under water. 
Yeah, but grow lights...
If I had that thing I would attach it to a drone and scare the shit out of my neighbors.
LED masterrace
I think they are using the term "build" quite loosely.  
I'm glad he "SHED" some light as to how he built it...
This is perfect for blinding women so you can snatch them up and get them in your van.
The last shot in that video made me realize this is what the guards are really holding in Metal Gear Solid!  Snake - it's a 1000 watt flashlight!!!
In other news the sun has quit, and is cited saying "Fuck this, I've been here for your planet for eons before you even climbed out of the muck and you go and replace me like this?! Enjoy your ice age, dickbags". 
He should build a halo of them so he can turn night to day wherever he walks. 
Never be scared to enter dark rooms again
Neighbors: "WTF is going on outside?!"
give me this light source, a assault rifle, a handgun and a sword and im going into the woods for sasquatch, aliens, chupacabra, and any creature/monster that scares the shit out of us.
If I was a cop I'd have an array like that mounted on the front of my cruiser. For sketchy traffic stops at night just flip on the array and watch the passengers duck for cover...
I must see EVERYTHING!!!!
What's an airplane or helicopter spotlight in wattage?
[Here is a similar concept build log](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c--5c3Egv4E)
If any one is interested in flash lights here are some great places to start. Being a night time person I have a few.

http://budgetlightforum.com/

http://www.mtnelectronics.com/

http://www.solarforceflashlight-sales.com/

http://www.andrew-amanda.com/


https://www.illumn.com/
awesome! but... why?
What does he do to be cool in the daytime?
My Jeep *might* need this.
Jesus Christ lad! Just so you know, this kind of rig could make you philthy phucking rich in the philm industry. Philthy phucking rich lad! 
Something like that could actually be really useful in search and rescue. I love the images that show it lighting up the side of that large hill. Just connect it to a longer lasting power source and an aerial vehicle. 
I wonder if any satellite operators took notice of that.
/r/microgrowery 
First thing I thought of: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=McM6q4EgJNY
I wonder how this compares to those ~~(I don't know the proper name... anyone?) solar collectors~~ [Concentrated Solar Power farms](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Concentrated_solar_thermal) out in the desert--the ones that are known to instantly disintegrate birds when they fly through the path of light.    

EDIT: [this](http://www.extremetech.com/extreme/188328-californias-new-solar-power-plant-is-actually-a-death-ray-thats-incinerating-birds-mid-flight) is what I'm referring to.  I've driven past it a few times, it's immensely bright in the daytime, and huge.    

2nd edit:  [Here](http://imgur.com/D6yPiLU) is a photo I took when climbing White Mountain in the Eastern Sierras.  The arrow is pointing to one of those concentrated solar farms, though I'm not sure which one.  The direction of the photo is north-north-east, so it's located somewhere in western central Nevada.  I'm very curious how far this visibility is (if anyone can comment as to which farm that is).
Big whoop, 600 watt hps emits 90000 lumen...
This has potential.

If we can coordinate a few of these flying 90k lumen lights, then we can find Bigfoot/yeti/sasquatch in no time.

Or... 

1. modify the LEDs to emit infrared on flying drone
2. locate bigfoot
3. Shoot ketamine darts remotely from drones
4. ???
5. GPS tag it
6. ????
7. Profit
Until I had a good think on it, I was aghast that a Li-Poly battery (like the one in your laptop) could pull 40A for 10 minutes.

Turns out, the ones he's using are (if I guess correctly) 8Ah 11v batteries with a continuous rating of 20C, which suggests he could crank about 2000W continuously out of either battery, given the proper application (for about 2-3 minutes).  

Jesus.
What is the power needed?
Stick a smaller version of that on the end of a staff and have the activator button on the bottom.  Then you can jab the staff at the ground and shout "You...shall...not...pass!"
What a bright idea. This will light the way for new inventions. Heh.
im sure the neighbors are enjoying this
I kind of feel like somebody's eyes are going to get damaged by one of these now. 

What city was this shot in? SLC? The land the guy was in looks beautiful. 
This isn't 90,000 lumens.  I've built lights using these exact LED's as well as legitimate LED manufacturers.  I was hesitant to even say my 2x 100 watt LED build was 15k lumens between the two.
I need this for my old greg costume.
Dude built a battery powered grow light
This is essentially a home made version of the shit they put on emergency service vehicles.  You can buy much better versions of these that were designed by actual engineers.
Now all he has to do is stick a bat symbol on it and kids will go crazy.
That's a nice DIY and very informative. Leaves you with no doubt how he did anything.
they compared it with the brightest maglight. is it 1995?
So he had to make some one go blind right? 
thanks, now some bazwald is going to put 20 of them on his civic
"Your scientists were so preoccupied with whether they could they didn't stop to think if they should"
And out of nowhere, a sniper bullet
Aren't LED's supposed to be more efficient than traditional lightbulbs? Though it certainly not portable I have seen 1000w sodium bulbs hit 120000 lumens.
Couldn't read it after the first 3 sentences. Does Eric Limer proofread even once?
At last; some high beams for my bicycle.
This is right out of the movie "Trollhunter"!
Looks like a bomb to me.
Just need to add my Bat-sign on top of that.
What kind of battery is he using? Can the same battery be used to run household devices like microwave oven, blender etc for very short period of time?
Hah, came here to say that I'd love to see what heavy bukkake looks like Like a firehose spitting full-sized tadpoles...
Looks like the thing that you put on gandalf's staff
Imagine being chased by a slasher villain and turning around with this pointed at him
This is going on my recently aquired X0-1.
ButWhy.gif
"man builds private sun..."
Dude could you stop fucking shining the light in the camera...it's bothering my astigmatism ...cool vid  btw
I remember reading about the first 1,000 lumen LED flashlight in Popular Science back in 2007.  Crazy how far we've come
...And it still won't be bright enough to properly view an original Gameboy.
Where was this at when Radha Mitchell needed it the most?
Oh, it's Mureca, so of course the obligatory let's use it to help fire guns at the end of the video!
When a person approaches my driveway, I want one of these to flip on with a massive "CLUNK."

...and maybe a loudspeaker that says "state your business."




".................I'M YOUR WIFE!"
holy shit
Damn, all that acid I ate must have summoned the aliens! That shit looks like the kind of light a UFO would emit?

I wonder how much that thing cost to build? I bet you could freak some people out, if you turned that on in the dark they probably couldn't see you at all, just a ball of pure light!
Neighbors must wanna fucking kill that guy.
This is truly insane but going to burn up soon. The cooling is not sufficient. I might work for half a minute but as he says it gets hot quite fast.

This is what i built some time ago with one of those leds: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1B1QnWO6B7I
This title just made me realize why in the show Dexter, they named a girl lumen. She was the light in his life during a dark time. Inb4 when is it not dark.
Anybody notice the guy in the video narrowly avoid certain death by just barely avoiding a giant spider web on his right at the 2:48-2:51 mark? I did...
Reminded me of the firework show from Malcolm in the Middle : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EYng9T8EpS0
Now, go film some bigfoot evidence videos please.
Lumen is a fun word. Lumen...lumen. LUUUUUMEN!
His neighbours must be choked.  
Reminds me of the scene in Christmas Vacation when he plugs in his lights
So a helicopter spotlight. 
If I were a dad, I'd use this to bust any parties my child decided to throw while I was away. 
Somehow I want to see Close Encounters again.

Wondering also if you can get tanned with the thing.
hmm with the drone, why not make it circular so people think it's a UFO? 
How muchmoney do you need for that kind of a project? Cca.
3:54 = NUCLEAR EXPLOSION !!!
It's all fun and games until a plane lands on top of him. 
If he was shining that shit into my house, I'd be super pissed off.

Light pollution is actually a thing.
Guy needs to be careful not to interfere with planes, i imagine that would be comperable ti a laser
Prefer photonicinduction's 2.1kW battery powered torch being honest https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MGANrd7u4o0
This guy would be the worst neighbour
Would it matter if it the LEDs were in a circular configuration so that it's closer to each other, rather than a line of it?
Put a Batsymbol on the front of that and you'll be good to go!
Is it harmful with the health? Especially in the eyes?
If you concentrate the light down to a single point, would it cause heat/potential fire when aiming it at wood for example?
Does anyone know what kind of LED chips those are?
It looks like a string of defunct mflb s
little too late, Will Smith really could have used this.
Holy crap that is a lot of light. And sucking 1kW is a lot of power for LED's to be sucking down.

In the words of Jeremy Clarkson "That's like weaponizing a windfarm!"
is it just me or does anybody else see Peperamis in these animals
Yes but what's the highest lumen flashlight you can reasonably purchase? Under $250 for example...
Design them to be mounted on off-road vehicles. 
It's so surreal seeing the name Playstation on that controller, and what could have greatly changed the systems we have today. 
so this is the legendary nintendo playstation my mom always said i spent too much time with. huh.
Mom: 'Stop playing that Nintendo and come take out the trash!'

Son: 'It's a Playsta....okay'

Does anyone know its specs? I want to see inside the thing
I remeber when this originally appeared on here, a lot of people said it was a fake due to the discoloured plastic at the front. HA! In your fucking faces. If they had bothered to check all the pictures of the console from all angles you'd have easily been able to tell it was the real deal. Also, the SNES was notorious for turning yellow over time, I should know, as I had one.
[deleted]
This is an amazing what if situation. Sega was also very close to securing a deal with Sony. Tom Kalinske got on well with Olaf Olafsson but Hayao Nakayama and Sega of Japan demanded they built the 32X, Sega CD and Saturn instead. They also blocked Tom Kalinske's wish to deal with Silicon Graphics so they could have a superior graphics chip, however Sony saw the potential and took the deal, whilst Sega languished with a less superior Hitachi chip. Very interesting history
Engadget has a [video](https://youtu.be/o9ThTxiqx30) of it in action
I've never seen any information on how much one of these is worth?
I like how the upper part with the disk drive is all nice and almost shiny, and the lower part and controller are yellow like smoker's teeth. 
Never mind the CD drive not working properly, where any games ever produced for it even in prototype form? Are the CD games SNES games run on the SNES hardware but just with a buttload of storage space? I've never seen any information on how the CD side of this machine is supposed to work.
This is one example of those *countless* "hit and miss" attempts what manufacturers did in early days of videogaming..
I wonder how much this is worth? Surely to a hardcore gamer collector this is priceless.
"Though they were able to play SNES games, the CD-ROM drive wasn’t working properly."

Why am I not surprised?
I heard it was something about Sony not wanting to agree to Nintendo's "outrageous" licensing demands.
In the future, please post an article's original source when possible.

Original Reddit post: https://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/3bwyj0/it_took_forever_but_i_finally_got_some_pics_of_my/

Article from last July: http://www.ubergizmo.com/2015/07/nintendo-sony-play-station-console/


How much is my firstborn worth?
interesting, but the title is misleading. it can play the cartridge games, the CD-ROM doesn't work.
The PS4 would become the PN4
Indiana Jones walks cautiously through the crypt. His trip to Venice has just begun, and he already finds himself beneath the city, hot on the trail to his father. 

As Indiana works his way over ancient debris, something on the wall catches his eye. He swings his lighter around, illuminating a dust covered fresco. 

Gently, Indiana wipes the dust away, revealing a religious relic long forgotten. "What's this one?" asks Dr. Schnieder, herself having trouble working through the crypts debris. 

"It's the Nintendo PlayStation" replies Indiana. Almost in disbelief, Dr. Schnieder quips "Are you sure?". 

"Pretty sure". 


Holy hell. I went high school with that kid. Use to play video games 24/7 at sleep overs.
is that another one or is this the old one that was reported on a few months ago?
I'm glad the partnership didn't last or else we would have been buried up to our assholes in Super Mario spinoff games.  Yea, even more than now.
But can it play crysis? 
"The games that could of been..."

I used to think that too, but today I am not so sure. It seems that no one back then had figured out how to properly harness the power of the CD-ROM. Look at the CD based arcades, the AMIGA CD32, the SEGA CD, and even the PC-CD ROM games at the time. It was mostly terrible FMV games. 

I think it was 3D graphics technology that really allowed for the full potential use of the CD-ROM, and the SNES simply was not the platform for that.  ﻿
If I remember correctly, this was ultimately what led Sony to make the PlayStation on their own in the first place. They had a lot of money invested in this, and Nintendo didn't think cd was the way to go 
Is this the rare GAMECAST STATION?
Who actually nailed the online market?  I assume it was whoever was popular when broadband went mainstream?  (Poor Sega)
A little known fact is that after the Nintendo/Sony deal fell through, Nintendo then approached Philips to create a CD-based add-on for the SNES. That deal also fell through, and like Sony, Philips also released a console based on their efforts in the deal: the CD-i. This is why the CD-i had a lot of games that featured Nintendo characters - Nintendo had already signed over the license to use their characters, and couldn't break that contract even though the rest of the deal fell through.
I remember when the dude found it! I didn't know he attempted to play anything.
That must be worth an absolute mint.
This is one example of those *countless* "hit and miss" attempts what manufacturers did in early days of videogaming..
Brb, offing myself.
Should've linked to the original source.
Wasn't this posted a while ago on Reddit already? 

EDIT: Yes, it was. https://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/3bwyj0/it_took_forever_but_i_finally_got_some_pics_of_my
CD drive doesn't work, definitely a Sony. 
the article said it can only play cartridges as the cd rom was not working. I thought of course it's not working, Sony made it. I remember my ps1 not being able to play games because of the laser had a spec of dust on it. 
lame.
[deleted]
I can only imagine the Nintendo execs reactions when they saw Playstation come out: https://i.imgur.com/Xck3p.gif

One of Nintendo's first of many, many blunders over the years to lose the throne. It's crazy, because they used to be this untouchable juggernaut, and now they're struggling to stay relevant. Losing the Final Fantasy exclusivity was another red flag.
That site, oh my god. 
55 ads blocked and 46 trackers found..
So have we a definative answer on how much one of these is worth?
a massive nostalgia bomb just went off in my mind, imagine playing Final Fantasy with N64 style controller? I would've love to see where this went 
You know, I always considered it kind of sad that no one ever figured out how self-boot discs for PS1. They did it for GameCube and Dreamcast, I believe.
someone needs to reverse engineer this and make an emulator and roms so it can live on forever, because this machine will inevitably break and will be lost to us forever
Old news.
why doesn't xbox, nitendo or sony fuse their system together for lulz?
Awesome. Nintendo turned it down then became a midrange option and had to bow down to ps1 2,3 and 4
No video of them using the system.. Just taking some random sites word.... This is the Internet. OP has not posted video evidence of this machine working.
I stopped reading at Olaf Olaffson. 10/10 would read again.
Can you imagine a cross between Sonic and Mario? 10 years old me would love it so much. Heck, 30 years old me would love it too.
Wow! To think of how amazing that partnership would have been
How much do you suppose it could reach pricewise today? How much of a treasure is it?
Successful people often get asked, what was one of the products or ideas you most regret not investing in. There's someone out there that would quote this product, if not for an NDA.
it should be called Playtendo
Why can't we make this again!!!!
Didn't it just end up evolving to the Philips CD-I?  I still have my CD-I system.  Was pretty cool for a while.
What could of been....
What could of been....
So if the disc drive was working would it have played the Playstation 1 games we have now, or did they never make it that far?
Probably costs a million dollars to get one.
If you're the kid in the neighborhood that has a playstation that plays SNES I'm pretty sure that makes you the king
by play games, they mean standard SNES games after going through the menu system I assume ? Id love to hear they can some how connect up a working drive or send the data across some other connection for it to run any prototype game that was ever coded for this thing, do we know of any nintendo 1st party prototype titles / alphas ?
Oh this again
Yeah, it still works because it has proper solder.
People still believe this is real?
It's a shame the CD-ROM drive doesn't work, though.
What is this mutant monstrosity? Someone please think of the children!
Would have been neat to see this happen. Sometimes Nintendo is just a bag of dicks.
Who knew Rare was in the hardware business?
Is there any known gameplay videos of The PS prototype?
&gt; Though they were able to play SNES games, the CD-ROM drive wasn’t working properly.  
  
So the SNES was still able to play SNES games, but the extra hardware didn't work. Not nearly as cool as the title made it out to be.
This is weeks old news.
Yes, but where do I throw money to receive one? 
I want this one. An old fashion at heart here.
priceless! never let it go
So like can I pop Resident Evil 2 and it will play it?
Wow! To think of how amazing that partnership would have been
someone violated thier NDA and is in big poopy
If that would have happened, Nintendo would likely have a monopoly on the gaming industry
2015 Internet Idea: Kickstart a de-branded but otherwise externally-exact replica with vga/rgb/component out and ability to load from cd drive.
Kill.. Me..

Nintendo Playstation probably
Wow, someone tried to tell me about this thing when I was like 10, and I always just assumed they were making it up.
Am I the only one that gets bugged with these articles all calling it the Nintendo Playstation? 

This was made by Sony, not Nintendo. It is based on the work the two collaborated on to develop the CD add-on for the SNES. 

It literally says Sony on the top middle of the system and controller. 
"...Olaf Olaffson..." ridiculous name.
Mom: 'Stop playing that Nintendo and come take out the trash!'

Son: 'It's a Playsta....okay'

How much do you suppose it could reach pricewise today? How much of a treasure is it?
This is as fake as it gets.  If such a prototype had been made, we'd have known about it twenty years ago.  It would've been featured in every gaming magazine ever.  Plus, it would be on TV, or there would be video proof.   Can anyone say 3D printer?
Someone should dump the software on the cartridges and the console. Also really detailed schematics should also be posted. IT would be sad to see something like this to be the one and only.
You should read [Engadget's article, there's a video of it](http://www.engadget.com/2015/11/06/nintendo-playstation-is-real-and-it-works/), and [the owner recently uploaded a video with the first time it was turned on](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JT15xl4ZzOI).

If you are wondering about the technical specs, I made a blog post about it:
http://luigiblood.tumblr.com/post/132730812143/here-are-my-research-about-the-snes-playstation

Also, the owner is planning on dumping the cartridge BIOS (nothing happens when there's no cartridge plugged in), and I plan on reverse enginnering it myself.
Old games on my sega genesis aree still a blast to play. Nothing wrong with a little dose of nostalgia every now and again!
Yep its been on reddit 100 times 
link&gt;link&gt;link&gt;link&gt;link&gt;[link](http://www.engadget.com/gallery/nintendo-playstation-prototype-hands-on/)
I feel like this comes up once every 3-6 months
Never heard of it. Learn something new everyday on Reddit.
I looks like it has layers...shrek for smash confirmed!!!1!! 111
I feel like I see this on reddit every day.
&gt; This past July, a Reddit user posted a rare photo of the device after discovering it in his dad’s possession. Naturally, many commenters were quick to call it a fake.

Typical fucking Reddit.
Old news.
They couldn't help but put "Sony" and "Playstation" all over this Nintendo console.  Sony are seld centered dicks, always have been, always will be.
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/redditfox] [\[\/r\/gadgets\] Rare Nintendo ‘PlayStation’ prototype exists, and can still play games \[chart in comments\]](https://np.reddit.com/r/RedditFox/comments/3s9yba/rgadgets_rare_nintendo_playstation_prototype/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
I love how people need karma so bad they need to repost all the time.
Did you ever upload a video playing games on it .. I mention when this was first posted 
[deleted]
My friend has like 3 of these. They aren't as rare as this article insinuates. He collects gaming memorabilia though. 

Edit : I'm not confused. Sorry this bums you out. He professionally collects video game systems, games, and memorabilia. He literally has 3 of these. 
i am 11 and what is it?
Can't wait for that clean ocean in 3015
WALL-E?
I have so many questions!How does it differentiate pollutants from anything else? Considering it is powered by bacteria that means it has to eat something more organic than plastic so which pollutants are we talking about here?Also how do you stop the growth of bacteria because in a very good environment with a lot of food wouldn't it start reproducing at an enormous rate? if it breaks will the bacteria that enters the environment be more dangerous to it than the pollutants? 
I wonder where these might be used, or if they are bio degradable. I imagine if they started breaking and littering water sources with their tiny corpses we would have quite the problem.
When Professor Farnsworth made these, they evolved into a robot species in like two weeks. 
*What is my purpose?*
If this generates electricity and CO2, wouldn't a massive army of these exacerbate another environmental problem?
*Bass hate him!*
So basically they created a mech suit for pollution-hungry bacteria?

Well played, science.
Wall-E looks weird these days. 
I think we may have found a girlfriend for Mr Trash wheel:
https://m.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/3pidal/i_am_mr_trash_wheel_the_first_invention_of_its/
I thought Agent Cody Banks already dealt with these...
Typical bgr clickbait bs.  Waste of time as usual.
&gt; Imagine that: A self-driving, self-powered robot fueled by waste that pollutes the Earth.

That really could have been phrased better. Even after reading the article and knowing what the robot does, I still took a double take, reading it like “imagine that: a robot, fueled by waste, that pollutes the earth”.

Needs a “the” in front of “waste”.
Coming to an oil spill near you: NEVER i hate these feel good stories.. It's like honda asmio.. Thing can walk around, talk, play catch, jump on one foot etc. When will we actually see an asimo wiping some rich guys ass and mixing him screwdrivers? Around the same time we'll see this stupid ass robot clean up the next crazy oil spill, which is never.  

Sorry guess well have to stick to our fleshlights with ipad attachments. Oh well...
Hi the tiny robot that walks on water, cleans pollution, and never needs to be charged.
This is some awesome technology and defenately a step in the right direction, but I have two questions if anyone can awnser:

1. Will these little guys contribute to the increase in CO2 to more dangerous levels, since that is one of their byproducts?

2. Will fish and other marine animals try to feed on these causing them harm?
Wall-E lives...
This is not a good idea, at all. Tiny Robots cleaning the ocean will not work. They're just going to get eaten by fish, which will lead to more problems.
Won't fish and other sea creatures eat these?  Or would they steer clear? 
I need this for my toilet.
Wow, looks like the first major step toward that ol' car we love that runs on trash.  Unreal!
The will eventually all break or fail. Do we need bigger autonomous robots that will cruise around and eat their corpses? 

Will they be mistaken for delicious meals by fish?


Cool but does not seem practical.  Water sources tend to have fish which, in turn, eat small things swimming on the surface.  I thought we were trying to get rid of CO2, the primary waste stream from this.  
this has probably been said but...whats to stop a fish from eating it?

So if it runs indefinitely it must use some sort of catalyst?  Or would the bacteria continue to reproduce forever?
I, for one, welcome our new, cute overlords...
What if the fish eat it?
There's an entire Futurama episode about this...
Probably won't work.    They'll break down and make more pollution than they ever clean up, emitting c02 along the way
I was expecting a video of it in action :(
Anticipating large fish to eat those and die because of intestinal perforation.
Unless this thing has a tracking device, doesn't itself become a polluter when thousands of these eventually fail or get eaten by large fish mistaking it for a tasty paddling morsel?
It doesn't cure cancer? WFT?
Things break. Thousands of sunken plastic bots in the bottom of the ocean, or non-operative ones floating on the surface doesn't sound so great.
Thanks robot 1-X!
Cost to manufacture individual bot?
If you deploy enough of these to actually clean the water. Then it becomes a pollutant in itself.
Want for my toilet 
Row bot , well played
A question I have about this is what role evolution might play in regards to the bacteria interacting with these machines if allowed to continue on for a few centuries.
"I, for one, welcome our new robot overlords." -Ken Jennings
Jesus bot.
Aww, it's Jesus v1.0!
The will eventually all break or fail. Do we need bigger autonomous robots that will cruise around and eat their corpses? 

Will they be mistaken for delicious meals by fish?


A long term problem will be if the robots are given not sentient, but advanced enough AI, the robots would favor making more pollution since that's their source of energy.   
A Plan B that allows them to transition to other energy sources should be put in place so they aren't incentivized to contaminate more or even prevent solutions.
Inventions like this give me hope. At no time in history have we had such a negative impact on our planet, but at no time in history have we been better equipped to aid our planet. We will prevail in protecting this sacred place.
&gt; quoted text Row-bot is the brainchild of a team of researchers from the University of Bristol, Bristol BioEnergy Centre and Bristol Robotics Laboratory, **bold**all located in Bristol, England.**bold**

Really? thanks for clarifying 
so then you are increasing co2/global warming...
I'd like to see some details on types of pollutants that can be processed, rate of processing (volume of water per unit time), and service lifespan of these devices and what happens to them when they stop functioning.
I wonder at what stage in time we will be able to duplicate important element such as carbon to support a higher population 
Doesn't the emission of CO2 create another issue in itself?
Not once do they mention the actual size or even acknowledge that they don't know the actual size.....
"Row-bot" that's a delightful name. Absolutely love it.
Wall-E?
Sounds like they just created a tiny version of the Matrix.

It's bigger than I thought "tiny" would be. 200 mm x 190 mm x 125 mm. [Source](https://cld.pt/dl/download/5b6bf977-9bf2-403b-b88b-20bbfcc7ba4c/MyPapers08/pyc422193156.pdf)
If you want to clean the ocean, why not just toss the bacteria directly into the ocean?  What purpose does the robot serve?  Maybe to prevent larger organisms from eating the bacteria?  Or is cleaning the ocean just a side benefit of the robot's real purpose?

EDIT: Actually, the (slightly) larger organisms would get pulled into the robot too.  So three of my four questions remain.   
Jesus-bot?
The last line says it pollutes the earth is that what we want
Wall-e?
no Banana for scale?
 
Reminds me of that episode where Rick creates a universe to power his spaceship.
"What. is. my. purpose?"
"You get the butter."
"Oh.my.god."
"Tell me about it..."
This article reminds me exactly of the "The Ricks Must Be Crazy" episode of Rick and Morty.

Tiny lifeforms living in your hardware providing a fuel a source.
They should diversify the energy consumption. the oars, when listing in the waves, will move back and forth, the mechanical energy can be captured as well. add a small solar cell. now you have enough power for a small processor and wireless communication. That is all you need and they can move as a school in the water.
Hey, great, we need more things that produce CO2
&gt;Imagine that: A self-driving, self-powered robot fueled by waste that pollutes the Earth.

Waste does not pollute, mankind does.
They should diversify the energy consumption. the oars, when listing in the waves, will move back and forth, the mechanical energy can be captured as well. add a small solar cell. now you have enough power for a small processor and wireless communication. That is all you need and they can move as a school in the water.
If I see it on /r/gadgets I assume it's crap or a scam. 
Waaaaall E
They can power themselves now? Just one step closer to the uprising. 

Sweet, science. 
So, I scanned this article for the words carbon and dioxide and found neither. Isn't the big issue the fact that we have way to much carbon in the ocean and it takes **much** longer for it to dilute or whatever? Why don't these things eat carbon? Or, are the other pollutants more damaging/threatening than the massive amounts of carbon in the oceans?
20 years from now, the ocean floor will be covered in broken tiny robots filled with waste.
I, for one, welcome our new robot overlords.
Imagine that: A self-driving, self-powered robot fueled by **the** waste that pollutes the Earth.


Make a row-bot that also builds other row-bots and watch the subsequent evolution.
This guy makes the little robot that just passes the butter seem like an underachiever...
Great idea.  Just don't make it breed.
Honestly will we ever see anything in the future that will help our planet? Like I see a lot of good technology on here but I never see it put in to place. Or am I just not seeing it. 
How it runs/keeps going sounds so similar to our bodies. I can't help but believe the way we fix, or are going to have to fix our *fuckups* will have a lot to do with our nature. All the answers are already in front of us, it just takes the right person to see it..
And when it breaks it becomes a piece of pollution...
I think it won't be long until AI has evolved to the point where our world is actually designed by robots and eventually living organisms will be comprised entirely of programmed cells essentially the 0's and 1's of robotics free-thinking, creating a super matrix within the matrix....a dream within a dream....
I am just confused with that it creates carbon dioxide and electricity. So will the carbon dioxide be released into the atmosphere, adding to global warming? Don't get me wrong, it is an amazing achievement I was just curious what they plan to do with the gas it creates.
Why not just put the bacteria in the water?
Until it breaks, and becomes pollution.
Wall-E!
So this theoretically would fail to work on clean waters?
And when it breaks it becomes a piece of pollution...
*Clicks on photo*

Wut.

*Rereads title caption.*

Omg! That's the bomb!

*Reclicks on photo*

Wut.

*Sighs.*

Guess I gotta read all those werds nao.
My first thought: hey this is pretty cool, could be useful.

My second thought: my god are they really going to set these things loose in the wild? what if they learn to mate?
"A self-powered something something that's fueled from waste."

Why didn't they open with that? Wait... but, then they would have just closed with that. So, why didn't they just make that the caption?

YES!

"Man comes up with perfected journalism: Start with photocaption hyperlinked to further explanation of function and form!"

Wait... wait... that sounds like Reddit.

I must be missing something here.
Well I see it's amazing use of energy for robots but this by itself doesn't really solve the pollution problem. Producing CO2 is pollution so really the robot is changing it from one form of pollution to another. 
When did they remove the word "float" from the English vocabulary? 
Floats on water

Collects pollution

Recharges constantly


Why are we not funding this
Amazing it makes more energy than it requires to continue to operate.

Color me impressed~!

Couple of Nessies running around cleaning things up.

Should scare the crap out a a few people.

DAM!
What happens when it flips over? 
It's a robot that is jesus buddha and captain planet combined.
Cue Chibi Robo.
So this is a biochemical machine designed to release bound carbon into the atmosphere?
So... Jesus?
&gt;Imagine that: A self-driving, self-powered robot fueled by waste that pollutes the Earth.

Um...need a comma here. How about:

"Imagine that: A self-driving, self-powered robot, fueled by waste that pollutes the Earth."

First time I read this, I read it as:

"Imagine that: A self-driving, self-powered robot fueled by waste, that pollutes the Earth."




I like to think that someday there'll be robots that will dig through landfill and recover recyclable material.
Not a bad idea. Now what the world REALLY needs is:

1. A self-replicating flying drone;

2. That is fueled and makes copies of itself by ingesting carbon dioxide and converting it to diamond or carbon fibre or something similar, and;

3. Stops reproducing and moves to a new area when the local concentration of atmospheric CO2 exceeds 300 ppm.
I am excited about this, but because the internet has killed all my insides:

* I wonder how much pollution is created in manufacturing, distributing, repairing (?) etc. one of these
* It's a mechanical object, so someday it will break down and then it *becomes* pollution
* Taking all that into account, what is its net impact on pollution?

I'm guessing someone did that math (and more), and it works out to a positive impact, but my enthusiasm always gets tempered by questions like these.
Sure, it's all rainbows and lollipops until it crawls up someone's peehole! 
It's gonna get attacked by sea animals. 
Water-E??? Is that you?
The most elaborate fishing lure ever!
Now just make them self replicating and we'll have this planet scoured clean in no time.
All I can think is that these are going to get eaten by large fish. I've seen them strike at things less attractive looking than this.
Why not just put the bacteria in the water?
Take a billion of these and put them in the ocean
Let's give some random bacteria a robot to obey their will. That sure can't go wrong.
I'd like to see some details on types of pollutants that can be processed, rate of processing (volume of water per unit time), and service lifespan of these devices and what happens to them when they stop functioning.
Why is the inset picture the same as the main pic?
I'm just imagining tons of dead fish/mammals/birds from eating these released to clean up some oceanic pollution lol
and how long until this thing breaks? If it doesn't consume it's weight in pollution before it breaks due to sun / weather / waves / etc. then it's a net contributor. How many fish get killed trying to eat them? Good thoughts but if you put enough of these out there to make a difference you're just creating a whole lot of floating garbage.

&amp;#35;CHARGEGATE! It's #CHARGEGATE everyone!! Get ready for #CHARGEGATE!!
The word "Apple" is in the title, so this won't be a calm logical discussion.
&gt; The good news is that the very same thing is taking place to some owners of the Apple iPhone 6, Apple iPhone 6s and Apple iPhone 6s Plus. That would seem to indicate that this is a problem with iOS 9 that could be fixed with a simple software update.

yes, because those can't share some kind of hardware which is defect. 
Apple haters will have a field day with this one.
It's amazing what can be fixed with a software update. I had one of the first gen white MacBooks. Initially there was a problem with the fan switching on and off quickly creating a kind of mooing sound. A week later it was fixed with a software patch. 
I've been having a slightly different problem with my 6. My phone won't recognize that a charger is in it, and the phone refuses to charge. If the phone dies and I plug it in, it charges to 3%, powers on, and then forgets about the charger again. If anyone knows why this is happening or how to fix it, I would greatly appreciate the help. 

Edit: Problem fixed. Thank you to everyone who gave advice. :)
I experienced the same issue with my iPhone 5. Normally I saw this when the power was lower than what the charger expected, like when I was charging on the train. 
It's a feature you guys. Nobody uses their devices while charging. So Apple is disabling then for you.
This happens to my iPhone 6 when I use certain chargers that aren't Apple brand. 
ALL ABOARD THE APPLE HATE KARMA TRAIN
Who cares, new devices have issues, no matter who makes them
I had this happen on my iPhone 6. However, the culprit was a third-party nonstandard Lightning cable. I wouldn't be surprised to find out that being the case here too, although it could be something else. My money's on that though. 

A faulty cable providing out of spec voltages on certain pins can easily wreak havoc on electronic devices. A device should be able to tolerate some deviance, but cheap Chinese manufacturers will just use that as an excuse to deviate even further from spec if it saves a few bucks. 
Is it time to give it a catchy name and start calling apple evil yet?!
I have a USB charger which freezes the touchscreen of the connected (Android/Samsung) device most of the time (&gt;90%). Same thing?
Give them a little rest will you?
My iPad Pro is experiencing this very same problem. Very frustrating. 

I've got a Genius Bar appointment booked for tomorrow night, but after reading this I don't think they will have a solution to offer me...
The only time Apple ever appears on this sub is when someone is criticizing their products. Receives a shit ton of upvotes. Same shit here as over on /r/technology.
Apple will probably send out a update next week.
And as always, the media makes it out to be a HUGE problem. Remember Bendgate? Turned out to be just 9 phones reported to have the problem. I'm sure we'll find out that only a handful of people are experiencing this issue too yet it'll be frontpage news.
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/notcirclejerk] [Some Apple iPad Pro units become unresponsive while charging • \/r\/gadgets](https://np.reddit.com/r/notcirclejerk/comments/3t5qem/some_apple_ipad_pro_units_become_unresponsive/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
Apple will probably send out a update next week.
Was about to buy one of these. Glad I stumbled onto this story. It was going to be my first Apple purchase. 
People are still buying iPads? So many choices that are MUCH better and cheaper. Fanboys gonna fanboy.
You won't see this in /r/apple
Let's see an Apple post is highly upvoted in /r/gadgets or /r/technology.... Oh, it's just the neckbeards frothing at the mouth over an issue that is blown out of proportion.
My comment was a bit tongue in cheek but I hope you realize that artistic/creative work like you mention represents only a small percentage of what people do professionally. 

Developers, accountants, engineers, sales representatives,...  only to name a few, all need features that aren't available on the iPad Pro. 

The pro as it is now might replace *some computers* in a professional environment but definitely won't replace *computers* as a whole despite what many journalists seem to believe.

Edit: was trying to reply to a commenter saying he uses the iPad to edit films and music and I messed up and made a new thread. Sorry if that doesn't make sense. 
Slightly off topic, but it will replace the PC? Sounds a little inflated.
I dont have a spare $800 lying around. So, I cant afford this problem. :/ womp wommmmp
*"Apple - it just works... except when it doesn't."*
Relax guys. It's a feature.
Apple fanboys be like 'apple makes quality products'.

$1,200 please.
odds are they will blame this on 3rd party AC adapters and cables. Because fuck you for thinking that you should be able to buy a charger and an AC adapter for the ~50$ USD that apple wants for Officially Branded accessories. 
Unrelated but similar issues can occur across all iPads and iPhones. 
When using generic charging cables , the screen doesn't respond accurately. You may experience dead spots and random scrolling etc. 
I thought I had a defective phone but after unplugging it, it was back to normal. 

Since I moved to a iPhone 6s , I don't even bother anymore with generic cables so I can't say if the problem followed to the newer iPhone or not. 


My iPhone 5S does the same thing 
I think they need a reset. 
Won't phase Apple. OSX Yosemite anyone? Shit was broken until the day El Capitan came out. 
I had this issue with the iPad Pro I bought. 7 out of the 8 times I charged it to 100%, it crapped out and required a hard reboot. I ended up returning it because I was disappointed with the lack of increased screen real estate within Safari and other web browsing apps, but also because I had this issue and some severe lags when using touchID.
Thank goodness it's not just me. 
that's cool.  I mean it's probably designed like that because it was meant to give artsy design professionals like myself a mental break from all the professional design stuff I do on my Apple iPad Pro that I keep in my fancy $300 bicycle messenger bag.
My wife's iphone 6 did something similar to that in regards to freezing up. Wasn't always when charging but definitely froze and had to be hard reset. Factory reset and restore through iTunes did not work and essentially bricked it. Apple had to send her a new one because they could not fix it. I think it probably starts as a software issue but something hardware seems to be causing it to be unfixable.
I learned the hard way many years ago to never buy the first iteration of a new gadget. 
I guess I will wait &amp; see about this fix before I commit to buying one.  

Fortunately, I'm not really committed to buying one short term.  I like to wait until the 'early adopters' have their fun, and the kinks get worked out.

It just seems like it would be a good drawing slate.  If I can get vector format from drawing by hand, I'll be all over this... next year.

This happens to my iphone 5s, however, it only started when I moved from the States to Ireland. Would anyone know why this sort of thing happens?

This also happens to my iphone 5.  
I had this issue the first 3 times I charged my iPad Pro. I erased it. It's fixed. 
This happened me with my iPhone 5S bought from UK retail. Bought a new charger and the problem was fixed. Strange. 
This has always happened with my iPod (latest gen touch) even using the proprietary charger and cable its not an ios9 issue it's an ios issue 
Getting high on all that power
Why is everything [something]gate. What do gates have to do with the bending, the processor, or charging. 
6S #1

Pick up phone. 

Swipe to unlock. 

Password keypad pops up. 

Will not register inputs. 

Press cancel. Lmao noooppe not gonna work, just gonna freeze on this screen. Because fuck you. 

6S #2 
Someone calls while phones on charger in car. 

Swipe swipe swipe. Nada Press Press Press. 
Gonna work. Jk. Fuck your call. 

Have to hard reset. 

Second replacement 6S due to unresponsive screens. 

On both phones when you have a black background you can see many needle point white dots at the bottom of the screen, stopping at the height were the text input is. 

Fuck you Apple. If it wasn't a company issued phone I'd switch. 
No worries, Apple has a fan base that will buy anything they release despite how it never really changes or how many flaws it has.  
I mean doesn't it say in basically every phone or tablet that you're not supposed to use it while charging? Maybe this is intentional
I had the same problem. The tech guy said it was because I restored from an I cloud backup. I had to set it up as a new device.  

That worked, but there were some items I had backed up from my previous iPad backup I no longer have a way to access.  Previous iPad RIP
Would be interesting to see if this has to do with devices that have synced an Apple Pencil, since they both use the same port on the iPad. 
not an apple fan, but it happens, they will fix it. 
But a tablet is NOT a replacement for the PC unless all you do is browse and read, even typing is a chore on an ipad! 

And I C they FINALLY made the keyboard show upper AND lower case characters on the keyboard, why to advance apple!
Ah, the old 'chargegate' #chargegate
I can't think of a single person who has ever been successful and touched an apple product in their lifetime. Apple is the literal antichrist. Tim Cook is Satan. Lol fanboy haha AMIRIGHT. the surface is actually Magic. Woooooo.
Woo.
this apple hate thing is a lot less fun than everyone makes it seem like it is.
That doesn't sound good. 
Funny how people love to report every little flaw encountered on an Apple device. It's sad. 
It's almost *certainly* a software issue.  I had the problem on my iPad Pro, and it stopped happening as soon as I turned off wifi sync to iCloud, which happens when the iPad Pro is connected to a power source.  On the support forums every one else I've seen that have done the same thing no longer have the issue.  I'm sure we'll see a software update soon to fix this.
People are obviously charging it wrong. That, or its some innovative feature.
As much as I hate Apple, this is quite surprising, they usually have high quality control checks for this kind of thing. *I'll be down voted by morons, I know.
people don't use their ipads while they're charging, guys. apple does it again! this is really innovative
Wait?  What?  Who in the hell has an iPad Pro, I drove my ass down to the Apple Store, tried to buy one and I am still waiting on them to process the fucking order!
Yet another reason that I'm not replacing my iPad 2 with an apple product when it finally craps out.
Apple forgot that good design isn't all about what the outside looks like.

It includes things like usability, something Apple seems to be avoiding lately.

They are probably holding it wrong.
Weird... usually it takes a software update to make Apple products become unresponsive...
MY Wife's I phone 6 has been doing this . I have to setup and appointment , lets see what happens. A hard reset takes care of teh problem mostly .
this is why i never buy 1st gen apple products...let all the zealot suckers waste there money...im good with my last gen ipad or iphone or whatever....its not like its ever a huge upgrade anyway.
One thing Steve Jobs brought more of with Apple was quality, Tim Cook isn't a bad guy; but I feel like there should be more quality than variety in Apple. I know this isn't a popular opinion, but consolidating Apple products to a few simple choices would save them money to make these changes.

It's a bit silly to say, since they do have a lot of simple choices. But every year I feel like their variety is growing and the product value is going down. I just hope they don't become more of the Starbucks of the Tech world, and more of a game changing company.
My laptop can charge while I'm using it, take that Apple!
When will Apple get their shit together?
Can't believe people buy this crap.
It's OK, they're just "holding it wrong".
The people who buy them should become unresponsive too.
Who even needs a PC? Like really? Why would you buy one?
&gt;the good news is all apple phones are affected as well

Uhhh, brilliant piece of journalism for a brilliant piece of shit product


"While charging" 
I don't see the problem. Just let your tablet charge without using it 
apple jumped the shark with iOS 7. nothing to see here.
The pro has the same issue that the 6s has.  It's UI becomes very slow and unresponsive.  It keeps running, like. It's stuck on something.  If you let it be, it'll go through all the commands you sent through it.  I think it's a common app that's causing the problems. Not sure which one though.  I suspect Facebook.  
"iPad unresponsive. Please input your credit card information to continue."
"Will iPad pro replace Laptops?" - No. 
Bleh, I knew they'd botch it up somehow.
so what? don't charge your idevice? Thanks apple, revolutionary solutions at its best
Who would want to buy the sucker magnet iPad pro anyways?
They should stop rushing these fucking things out. Bring one out every 2 years instead of every fucking year. I'm sure they purposely make the older versions slower with updates too. You're already stinking filthy rich!
Don't worry, this will go away. I mean, what choice do they have?

PC's are dead after all.
Solution... never charge them...
Glorious /r/ipadpromasterrace, dirty /r/pcmasterrace peasants.
I'm just sitting here reading all these comments on my 2015 retina macbook pro  which was the best purchase I made since my 2011 Macbook pro. Why do so many people hate apple for no reason other than it's fashionable?
*"Apple - it just works... except when it doesn't."*
And to think Tim Cook declared the PC dead because of this abomination 
Some Apple fans will support Apple even when the company f*cks up. These are the people who are doing an incredible damage to the company in the long run. 
Yay Apple. Thank you for the quality products you are known to produce. 
We didn't really need more proof that Apple products are utter shit, did we?
That's apple ;D
Why does the iPad Pro even come in a 12W charger? You know how long it takes to charge that thing? Smh!
That's what happens when you push a product without testing it. Oh wait, the customers are the test subjects. I forgot we were in the 21st century for a moment. Releasing finished products has become an antiquated concept.
BUT I THREW MY PC AWAY WHEN I GOT MY NEW IPAD!
1st world problems. 
You're not supposed to be able to use it while it's charging.  It wasn't Job's vision. 
You guys don't understand it. It is a secret feature, called iLockCharge! 
Don't worry guys it's still better than a PC! RIP PC users! 
You are using it wrong. Don't use while charging, simple.
People are still buying iPads? So many choices that are MUCH better and cheaper. Fanboys gonna fanboy.
Maybe they should just put osX on it.
Inserting the stylus into your ass will rectify the problem.
More powerful than a PC they said. *Derisive chortle*
You lie. Apple products never fail and always work. This is that new iLock feature. 
Without Steve Jobs quality of the brand will dropp every year
We won!
replace a pc? can you program it wothout requiring another machine? can you download free code to do whatever you want on the internet? can it run full versions of photoshop and 3d modelling, cad, DAW, etc software? FALSE ADVERTISING. 
That's not a defect. It's a **feature** exclusive to the Apple user community. All part if the **experience**.
Apple: It Just Works^TM
How typical of Apple
That's actually a pretty good idea if you can use it to "shred" confidential stuff since a lot of that requires special handling anyway.
I bet that special paper bonding chemical costs a kings ransom.
At a recent Maker Faire I saw a combo Shredder-Printer. The paper would fall out of the printer in to the shredder. They called it the "Shrinter." While the word order is backwards of the actual process, it sounds better than "predder."
We dumped all but one printer and gave everyone tablets.    If you show up at a meeting these days with a stack of paper handouts people look at you like you're a caveman.

QR web links are about the only thing printed and stuck on the conference room door these days.
I wonder what the price per sheet is, adhesive calculated into the process. I can't imagine there being a huge market for the device if it doesn't produce paper *incredibly* cheaply considering the no-doubt large sum of money that a company will have to put down in the first place to pick one up.

Cool idea, though, and hopefully the start of a neat movement of in-house recycling.
How does it get the ink off of the paper you feed into it? Looking at the Epson page for it I guess it happens during the fiberizing process but it doesn't really say anything about the ink. 

http://global.epson.com/newsroom/2015/news_20151201.html
How many times can the same piece of paper get recycled?
Make one of these that turns household plastic, like coke bottle, into 3d printer toner 
Is no one going to comment on how fucking stupid this thing is? 

First of all, recycling paper isn't environmentally friendly. Nor does it reduce CO2 emissions. The paper at your office comes from tree farms, not rain forests in brazil. Trees growing specifically to feed your paper habit reduce carbon in the atmosphere by converting it to wood. We need more of these, not less. 

How much power does it use to produce paper? I guarantee it is much less efficient than a large plant. Is it enough to offset the environmental impact of it's production and power consumption? Why on earth should recycling be done at the local level? And why *paper*? Paper is the one thing we shouldn't be recycling. 

It actively harms the environment so greenies can feel good and spend money. 
&gt;The PaperLab can create 14 recycled papers per minute, the company said. It can also help reduce greenhouse gas emissions since it won’t be necessary to transport the used paper to recycling facilities.

&gt;Seiko Epson hasn’t set a price for the PaperLab. The machine is designed for office use, and is 2.6 meters (8.5 ft) in width, 1.8 meters in height and 1.2 meters in depth.  
  
  Considering the price of paper, I have to assume either it's really cheap where I am (central Canada) to assume there were ever be a market for this device, or really expensive worldwide.  The size and presumably cost of it, and cost to run it, and the slow speed it works at, seems untenable. Neat idea, but I can't see it gaining traction. Too much power use, too big, too slow. Not really an environment improvement once you factor in cost to house, transport, maintain and power the thing. 
I wonder if it recycles NON-Epson branded paper?
Hammermill Hates Them!
i would like to see a detailed breakdown of this device's environmental footprint.....

there's no such thing as a "green" computer gadget.

So i wonder if it'd be a net positive force in our world.   We've actually done pretty good in maintaining tree populations 
Paper companies HATE this!
This is going to ruin Dunder-Mifflin.
They have been doing this (except toilet paper only) in Japan for 5 Years. Here's a link for the interested. [http://techcrunch.com/2009/06/01/new-machine-turns-office-waste-into-toilet-paper-right-in-the-office/](http://techcrunch.com/2009/06/01/new-machine-turns-office-waste-into-toilet-paper-right-in-the-office/)
Epson...

"BLACK INK CARTRIDGE EMPTY, NON-PRINTING FUNCTIONS ARE STILL AVAILABLE"

...Won't recycle until black ink cartridge, which is actually still half-full, is replaced.
As someone who works at a paper mill, holy shit, thats crazy to to they could do it without water, it takes about 7 gallons of water to make a pound of paper
I'd like to see it in action but guaranteed it doesn't use water so you have to bulk purchase the proprietary fluid it does use.....and let me guess, the price of the fluid will be roughly equivalent to X number of boxes of paper, but will only yield 80% of the quantity of paper that could be purchased at said price.
I wonder how many times a piece of paper can be recycled.  At what point does it have more of the synthetic adhesive than it does actual paper fiber?
I thought of this year's ago, I just figured they'd use a laser to scan/zap the ink off...
I still remember my first printer was an epson stylus inkjet. Used for 3 years, of course with compatible/duplicate cartridges.
Just flip the paper over and write on the back!
And you thought your regular printer had bad paper jams...
This can do multiple sizes of paper including stuff up to 11x17 (A3 and A4)... would be great for creative companies. It's always nice to print things out / draw on paper to attach to work boards or have physical handouts for clients to look at. 
Poor Dunder Mifflin 
Wow this thing is huge
I believe we will see the same legal effect as anything written on paper.
As someone who works at a paper mill, holy shit, thats crazy to to they could do it without water, it takes about 7 gallons of water to make a pound of paper
What a time to be alive
&gt;The machine doesn’t use any water, relying on special adhesives that bind the fibers and calibrate the new sheets’ whiteness, according to the company.

Special Adhesives to cost more than toner to refill
This seems pretty cool but I would think the focus should be on going paperless, we went paperless where I work almost a year ago, everything's done on tablets now.
It'll break within a month. 
And to think in a few years, this machine will be a dinosaur, and another smaller more efficient machine will have taken its place.
Toshiba have a paper recycling printer and toner removal device that lets you reuse paper many times without needing to shred and reform the paper, works faster than this too.
Comes with authentic paper mill odor.
I work in an electronic store and judging by the amount of faulty epson printers we get i can't imagine the nightmare the IT techs will have maintaining this massive box.

Still though, it is a good idea.
Toshiba has a MFP that uses blue toner for prints and a heating unit to turn the toner on the prints clear after use to make the paper blank again. It came out last year.
 I hope they don't make one for toilets!
I am pretty certain this thing is not reducing greenhouse gas emissions as the company claims. Small home/office machines never come close to the efficiency of factories. Producing and running these things will cost a large amount of power. The chemicals they use in order to make and bleach the pages is likely not very "green" either, has to be imported etc.

If I were a company looking to enhance my eco footprint by reducing paper consumption, I'd rather give tablets to my employees. Trying to digitalize papers as much as possible. Of course computers also need a lot of energy to make and run, but chances are that these devices are there and running anyway.
And in a decade or so, this machine will be like 1/10 the size
As a high school teacher, this seems like it could get a ton of use bases on the sheer amount of paper used to make copies everyday and then inevitably gets thrown out or unused. Not sure if the price will make it feasible but it's definitely pretty cool. 
I hope it is powered by recycled plastic bottles. 
Out of recycling fluid. Please call Seiko reordering line. 

Tank is half full. 
Uhh, there's arguably a better version of this... and it results in a clean(er) butt :-)!

https://youtu.be/eDaeBNM6geI
If all of the shitty wasteful habits that were ingrained into our society by our ancestors have been completely irradicated by the time I'm old, I can die a happy man knowing I wasn't like the selfish previous generations but instead left ways to reuse resources to my children so that their children might not have to face certain exhaustion of resources.

I mean come on who the fuck thought that throwing out tons of paper and buying new paper was a good idea. This is a great invention and I'm glad people are slowly ending this industrial revolution age nonsense. 
Gonna be great until people use it as a trash can. "What do you mean my lunch scraps can't be recycled?"
Whatever happened to that whole paperless office idea? 
The article made it seem like these already existed, but with the requirement of water. What's so much better about not using water?
A simpler machine would just follow people around and slap them if it caught them with paper.
It can also be a money saver.
It will break
good god, people can't even figure out the fucking copy machine....
Does it come with a seiko 5 and nato strap?

I'm not sure that 14 sheets a minute is worth the electricity let alone the cost of the machine and any chemicals, manpower to use it or accessories
"Computer peripherals" Heh, I usually think of those as the type I can carry round with my laptop, like mice, keyboard, and speakers.. 
personally i would rather have something run on water then glue i could at least run a pipe to it for water 
That makes $16 worth of paper an hour (at 2 cents per page).  Not including electricity, chemicals, or the costs associated with the machine.

It's cool that someone did it, and I hope that it gets them the publicity they're chasing, but I can't imagine the ROI on these is a winner for anyone except Seiko Epson.
Fantastic stuff.
In 20 years we will be looking at pictures of this machine and laughing about how big it is. There will be pictures of someone holding a paper recycler in their hand next to the picture of this massive machine.
Scans all the documents for the NSA before shredding.
Seiko eh? Paging r/watches
This needs to be in every primary school! 
This stuff is usually just purchased so corporations can splatter the greenwashing crap all over their advertising. 'Ohhh, look. We're recycling paper in house!' And using a machine that needs 'special adhesives' that probably cost as much as new paper.
This is the kind of invention that creates billionaires.
Damn that thing is huge.
Goodbye Dunder Mifflin...
I don't think this is the worlds first.... I saw one in Japan that basically made toilet paper for the entire building from how much paper they put in it.
14pages per minute are about 40 packages (500 pages per package) per day. In Germany a package costs about 4€.. So if the machine works 356 days in the year it would produce paper worthing 58867€. The question is how much are these  chemicals and how much energy does it need... But I don't think it worths the effort. You also need someone to operate the machine..
I can only imagine how Epson will bilk customers with this machine.
I wonder how much power it uses and what the outputs are in terms of quality and waste.
I can't remember the last time I printed something to paper.
Ugh. Epson. The company that makes crappy slow printers and say that it's your computer's fault.
I feel sorry for those last few offices still using paper treating the sheets they have like gold and relying on this machine to reuse a product no longer sold because no one needs it.
I think this is being released now so at some future date when these become practical they can advertise that they were first to market on of these that uses no water.  Forgetting to mention that they have a special adhesive that will cost a lot more than water.

It can only produce 14 pages per minute.  if it can do this 24 x 7 still only 168 pages per week, that's not even 1 ream.  If your company is at the point where recycling paper is a real concern you are probably going through more than one ream per day.

They say that it will save on greenhouse gas emissions because of transportation.  The thing that everyone forgets to factor in is that when you make your emission saving contraption the construction, more often than not produces greenhouse gasses.

Will the paper be of a quality that will make it usable in printers without causing paper jams, or will it only be usable for hand written notes.  
Xiaomi MI6 Latest Upcomming Smartphone 2016 after Xiaomi mi4 and xiaomi mi5 Full review
https://youtu.be/rJJbLQjL0Y0
Eh, so what? I bet the actual environmental impact is far greater than the benefit of recycled paper.

I have a device at home that recycles my paper for free; it's called a compost pile in the corner of my yard. Checkmate Seiko.


Soon every home will have one, giving off toxic fumes . Right next to Tesla's power wall of death which contains hundreds of 18650 sized lithium batteries.
&gt; It can also help reduce greenhouse gas emissions since it won’t be necessary to transport the used paper to recycling facilities.

But then emissions will increase when you have repair men out to fix this thing every week because someone put the wrong thing in there or just typical hardware problems.

Also, I'm sure it just guzzles electricity. 

So now your company is footing the electricity bill while the other recycling services *you still have to use* for non-paper products charge more due to their lessened paper workload.

To recap: you have caused more emissions, you're paying more overall and using more electricity. All to save on the trivial cost of buying paper at 14 pages per minute assuming you can keep this monster satiated (i see nowhere how many non-recycled pages = 1 page).

Do you believe in miracles?





I'll take a ~~1x32~~ 2x16 GB for.... $200 pls. Thanks.
you can open multiple tabs in chrome with that thing
Can you imagine 128 gigs of Dance Dance Revolution 4? *faints*
How fast is it though?
3D stacking is here!
You hear that all you lazy programmers?  

That's the news that you have to care even *less* about memory usage!  These modules will trickle down to PCs eventually meaning you can make your code even more bloated than it already is.
My dad is creating some government project called skynet and this is exactly what he needs to finish it! Thanks guys. Hopefully we can launch it soon!
something something chrome
I feel so old. I remember getting a hard-on for 128MB ram sticks 


How much? 
No mention of whether it's ECC ram or not.  Strange.
chill peeps... enterprise servers not your gaming stations...
Perhaps a dumb question: How would one 128gb stick of ram compare to two 64gb sticks of ram to four 32gb sticks of ram in terms of performance?  Assuming, of course, that each stick in this scenario would be fully utilized.  
I believe the current SSDs are not having more than a few GB of DDR as cache. Soon we can expect SSD Drive with 128GB DDR as cache for lightning speed Read/Write? 
I have no idea what this means......thankfully though from the comments I think it will help me build skynet, play cooler games and Reddit better....
How will game performance be improved if game fully uploaded to RAM  and coupled with powerful GPU ?
and the computer that uses this, still cant play Crysis
2 Gifs at the same time?
And before long, Microsoft will release a version of Windows that'll require several of those SIMMs to boot.
Sweet.  Now I can install a few more emacs plugins.
Time to play Saints Row 2 on PC
Can't wait to see this mutli-layer block tech in CPUs (maybe with heatpipes running through the chip grown up in a similar manner.)

Once we can make a cube-shaped processor a couple inches on each side we'll be able to do real AI.
Cool, I could then open a 6th tab in Chrome!
I can't wait to see how snappy Safari feels with one of these bad boys
Cool. How many months until they're cramming it into laptops?
Wow, think of how many more shared hosting accounts GoDaddy can cram into a single overburdened server now.
Approaching a number in GB that was a reasonable number in MB 15 years ago freaks me out. 
/u/darkchylde89
Someone tell LTT
heavy breathing 
i want this much ram in my pc. oh well ):
what would happen if I stick one of those ram modules in a consumer grade desktop, is that possible?
ermahgherd I could run 12 instances of csgo on 12 monitors at once. I could have my own clone army that I control.
So when will this get home based? Or is it already home based? And I'm just slow to the DDR4 party
This is why I'm holding out on my next computer... I'm still going strong, but starting to get the shakes. The CPUs/GPUs need to catch up quickly.
I really hope these are fast-tracked through certification.

Papa's servers need some 64GB modules because Oracle is such a pig, but damn they're still expensive!
Although I have great respect for Samsung's impressive attainment of next-gen benchmarks, such as the one in the title, I have questions about their quality.

I am sure they are "good enough", as in, they will function as advertised. But, will they function as they are needed? Current brands on the market make parts that are reliable way past their guaranteed dates, and that's why I recommend them.

Most enterprises don't actually need to have the newest of the new. But they do need superior reliability. While great attainment grabs headlines and is excellently placed in consumer products, it is not necessarily the best marketing in the Enterprise sector.

Not hating on Samsung here. They may actually be really really good. I had a Samsung computer and I know it functions very reliably for a reasonable amount of time. However, since I sold it after 2.5 years of ownership, I really don't know how reliable it is when it is past its prime. Samsung is just too new in the market for buyers to know its track record. 

Less than hate on Samsung, this comment is an honest question. Is Samsung really reliable enough for Enterprise? As a marketing advice, Samsung should advertise that yes they are and prove it constantly and consistently.
*heavy breathing* /r/DataHoarder  
 I wonder what each module will cost $2,500 maybe US$2,000 each?

 Here in Canada it's about $300/16GB DDR4 so X 8 for 128GB is $2,400.
I don't get it my computer has 1Tb of memory why are we so exiced over 128Gb of memory?
I'm still in shock that prices are still high..the fire was 3+ years ago.
Dang! I can take one of my DL580 G7's and max that puppy out to 8TB with those. That's a hell of a lot of VMs on that.

I can see more and more of our physicals getting replaced with virtual systems with advances like this. Makes my life as a DC Manager a doddle
Now I want a board with 12 dimm slots just so I can have 1TB of ram...actually I kind of want over 100GB so I can finally have accomplished all of the stuff from that Weird Al song "All About the Pentiums"
How much energy would you need to keep a stick of memory charged for a ram disk for say 24 hours? 

256gb comes after 128gb sticks.  As SSD technology advances we will eventually see 1tb sticks. .
What scenarios would this be useful?
what computer can use this?

i'm pretty sure broadwell and skylake "only" support 32 gigs per dimm. 

well at least on their consumer products it can
Some ppl would still buy 4 of them while using windows xp light.

Is there any truth in the next gen GPUs being able to use system RAM instead of onboard video memory? If so, this could be great
can u get those to act as a storage device? and not being volatile storage
Wow I didn't know my computer was an enterprise server. Looks like I'm getting two of these
THANK FUCK FOR SAYING MODULES IN THE TITLE INSTEAD OF 'CHIP'.

No, really. I've seen this news on other sites and have seen that mistake.
I have 32 GB. It's nice for those programs that have memory leaks and crash when they get above ~30. 128 GB will allow for even crappier programming!
i want that on my PS5 and Xbox2 or Xbox A
[deleted]
Does anyone else find it odd that the GUI for configuring this box uses only black, white, and... **blue**?
Everyone saying "or just use the fucking off switch" don't know what the fuck you're talking about.

This isn't so you can sleep with the TV on.

The product exists because there has been scientific research showing that the blue light may delay your ability to fall asleep for a period of time AFTER use.

For example, if you stay up late working on a paper on your pc or go to bed immediately after watching a late-night movie, you may find yourself unable to fall asleep easily once you go to bed.

An entire list of links to relevant studies can be found here:
https://justgetflux.com/research.html
A shame it only has one HDMI input, and is pricey at that. I found another article with more information: http://arstechnica.co.uk/gadgets/2015/11/drift-box-reduces-blue-light-emitted-by-your-tv-might-help-you-sleep-better/
does it have a reverse mode? Might help my gf get through a whole movie without falling asleep...
I use the Twilight app on Android...does the same thing, but instead on my phone. 
So it's like f.lux for a TV :D, I think I kinda sorta need this in my life.
https://justgetflux.com/
am I the only one that cant fucking stand it when my colors aren't correct?  I calibrated my TV so the colors are correct.  It would drive me nuts if my tv started changing color.  
I don't have a TV in the bedroom.   Problem solved!
Does this crack HDCP? If no,  how do they modify the image? If yes,  how do they avoid anti-copyright-circumvention laws? 
If you're having trouble sleeping one of the first things any Doctor will tell you is stop watching TV in or before bed. This product seems a little ridiculous to me.
So it's like f.lux for your tv. But it costs 100 bucks..
Oh cool, so it's flu.x for my TV?
Where can I buy this? My google search bubble is so fucked I get nothing but links to reviews about it.

Edit : is there a app like F.lux for chrome book?

Edit 2 : yes, its called  Screen shader and is sold in the google app store for chrome. Thank you everyone for the feed back
This is going to come of smug, but I've seen enough patients with horrible sleep hygiene that think they have some sort of sleep problem when, in reality, it's their behavior that drives their insomnia and not the other way around. 
You know what else works to remove blue light while watching television? Closing your eyes and shutting off the TV. 
Or better yet, not having a TV in your room in the first place. Basic sleep hygiene, folks.
For Android users, try the apps "Twilight" or "Blue Light Filter for Eye Care" found via the Play Store.
Couldn't you just adjust the color settings on your TV? My TV let's me save different profiles for settings. 
Want to gradually mess up the color on your tv? We can help!
I need this for my phone
Many smart TVs allow you to set color profiles, making it possible to do this manually.
my entire life, before I ever even knew what blue light was, I wanted to invent something that gradually dimmed the tv, or turned the picture off completely so you could just listen to it. too little too late and bad at science. 
This and other apps have been debunked.   The backlight of most screens is blue wavelength... You can change pixel colors but backlight and the blue light bleeds through the pixel edges.  Tldr; these don't work.   You want orange wrap around glasses 2-3 hours before bed and to sleep in pitch black dark.  Source ophthalmologist 
Well that makes sense. I assume on an evolutionary scale its because the sky appears blue during daylight when humans are used to being awake and as the day draws into the evening the skys turn yellow orange and red before night. Therefor your brain would associate the lack of blue as time to go to sleep. Now reguarding that, im speaking from complete assumption and none of what ive said comes from any research ive done, i may be right or completely talking out off my ass, but it makes logical sense to me.
It's like f.lux for Windows. 

EDIT: This has been already said. All right, all right, gimme them downvotes :(
There's a program for Mac called Flux, it does the same thing. Also one for jailbroken iPhones. 

[F.lux](https://justgetflux.com/)
There's a computer program that does this: Flux.
Flux does this for free
Need to share [F.lux](https://justgetflux.com/) with everyone in case it's not on their radar. Basically removes the blues from your computer screen at night to help quiet your brain down in preparation for sleep. 
Can this also make my green modem lights stop blinking?
For mobile users: you can get apps that will lower the amount of blue light gradually at night too. 
been using f.lux for nearly a decade now.. this is why.
Since I use my computer's HDMI out for watching movies and shows, if I think I'll be going to bed after the show I usually turn down the brightness on my video card. This combined with my TV running with the backlight at 60% seems to help.
Blue light causes me eye strain after short periods, so I support any technology looking to remove/reduce it! 
For computers there's a program called f.lux
Uninstalled it on my tv that allows me to start using f.lux.
Keep turning the color that's the problem, but the light through a prism, or spectrograph to tell the difference.
For mobile users you can store 3 picture/color settings.
soo this is basically flux for tv's or?
How about just turn off the fucking TV?  An off switch cuts all blue light instantly.
Wasn't this disproven recently I've been using f.lux for nearly a decade now.. this is why.
The is a PC program that does this and it is very hand to have. It reduces eye strain. F.lux it is called.
To my knowledge they are tied together so IDK how you could try out a different color hue?
So how much will this cost suckers who are so inconceivably braindead and lazy that they can't turn off their own TV?
Meh, blue light or not, 15 minutes after I lay in bed I am dead. As long as I am not laying down, I could be awake for days, though.
there are plenty of apps that will cycle through yellow and blue light depending on time of day, at least for apple
My trick is watching golf.
Couldn't you just not watch TV before bed?
First world problem.
the "russian pencil" version of this is just to turn off your TV before you fall asleep, but what do I know. 
i could use this
what does it mean about blue light affecting your mood? does that only happen when youre tired?
I turn on "how it's made" and I'm out in 5 minutes. Don't need a fancy box
[deleted]
Why not just use the "off" switch???
Or just...no screens before bed. Read a book, dammit!
Im pretty sure my TV has this already 
F.lux does the same thing on PC does it not?

EDIT: Who and why down vote me? Its a fact it does do this. Starting to dislike reddit for this very reason. Dont down vote because you feel like it. I stated a fact, get over yourself!
An entire box to do a task a free app on the PC does...for free: https://justgetflux.com/
There's a computer program that does this: Flux.
This device is pointless. Most TV's have a power button and a timer. NEXT!
Seems stupid
need this
Have they tried radio?
Or just turn the fucking TV off.
I got sick of the light on my computer being on so ended up putting electrical tape on the light.

It made no sense to me why they used a super bright blue led on the front of the case that would be more bright than if the monitor was on in the dark.
Or..  Just turn the damn thing off? 
https://justgetflux.com/
I forgot people still watch TVs.
Would be better if it handled it automatically at sundown like f.lux does. I'm also holding out to install LED bulbs till I can get some that do this too.
I use screen shader app on chrome. Does the same thing 
This is amazing. I work in the eye are industry and we see blue light damaging patients eyes at a very early age. I will be buying this!
I always just put black electrical tape over all the LED lights in my room.
So what happens if you use this for your computer and you're playing the Blue screen?
Just wait for ver. 2 to come out 
F.lux does the same thing on PC does it not?
I have a better way, turn off the screen and listen while you sleep.  The color of light doesn't matter if your eyes are closed.  F.lux is silly and this is more silly.  If you want to sleep, turn the screen off and sleep.
Oh so the blue light makes reddit a sleep stealer !
Everyone commenting that Flux does this. Good job.
But are you just showing that you knew about it first, or have you figured out a way to make Flux work on your tv?
If so how?
If not then stfu this post is about TV's. The Final Flux Frontier
https://justgetflux.com/
Wait, so there's enough people that sleep with their TV's still on that there's a market for this? Crazy. Waste of electricity too.
Electrical tape works well over those 'always on' power buttons.
Its called f.lux and it's free for everyone..
Flux for tv.
Program for pc, Flux, does the same. 
I wish they would just sync with waze.  There aren't enough users to make their system timely and accurate.
Here is the problem I have with my outdated Escort radar detector: Newer model vehicles with radar sensors for cruise control, assisted braking, and blindspot monitoring. When ever I'm near a newer Audi or Benz my radar detector goes haywire with a full strength K-Band alert. Have newer models fixed this problem?
That article reads like an ad. 
Meh, my 5 year old escort warns me about speed cameras, and red lights through gps. 
sorry but quite a lame article. 

EDIT: I do use Escort products.


My 9500 has been doing this for years. 
But I use Waze, which is free, and has more users. 

It also says they will pay for your ticket if you get one. Like everything including insurance rates increases? I doubt it. 
Now if only I didn't live in Virginia... 
&gt;If it sees the same one twice, it assumes it’s coming not from a ticket-spewing cop, but from something non-threatening. If it sees that signal again, it won’t bother you—meaning you have that many fewer beeps and flashing lights to ignore on your commute.

This can't be accurate. There are a lot of cops out there who will run radar at the same place several times a week because it's profitable to do it there. This thing will assume they're an automatic door because it sees them in the same place? That can't be right.

There has never been a safer time to hire an escort! Call XXX-XXX-XXX and try one now!
Ouch, 650 credits.. I think i'll stick with my trusty R2 unit, that little droid and I have been through a lot. Now if I could only teach him how to discriminate from collision avoidance radars on the those fancy new land speeders that would be great....   
Good old Waze and my radar detector already take care of that. But thanks. 
Why haven't the big companies come out with a detector that searches for emergency band radio transmissions? There have been a few attempts by smaller/outside companies but I've never heard of them actually gaining traction. 

It seems like the ideal solution since police radios are always broadcasting a signal, the presence of which can be detected whether the communication is encrypted or not. They have exclusive use of those frequencies so false positives would be limited to other emergency vehicles (ambulances, fire trucks) which are still good to be aware of. You'd also be protected against police that are just driving along with traffic since they'll still pull over a speeder even without a radar/laser confirmation of speed. The only downside I see is for people who live/drive close to the main broadcast tower since it would bury any signal from a patrol car radio within a radius of a mile or two.
Woah now! I have the cheaper model from last year of this and there are some things you should understand about this and how it works.  It works by connecting to your phone via Bluetooth requiring you to connect to an app that you download from the app store.  This means having your GPS turned on (which kills my battery fast) and this means data tracking is involved.  Read the fine print because it says that if an officer or judge requests the unit for legal reasons, the app stores all data including your speeds and locations.  Kinda defeats the purpose of staying under the radar,  especially when they take every infraction the unit ever recorded and gives it to the law. Now your worse off than you would've been without the unit.  I just keep it up for the radar and keep my eyes peeled else where.
Wow, I read the title as a device prostitutes used to avoid cops :(
Waze anyone?
I fully expect to be down voted to oblivion for this, but not meaning any offense what is the purpose of having a radar detector?  Wouldn't the only real practical purpose be for speeding?  Would it not simply be easier and more legal to not speed?
Speeding was more necessary back in early 90's, when the national 55 mph speed limit ruled, even though the roads and cars were fine with doing much more.

Nowadays, where I'm at in Texas, most highways are like 70 mph and I really don't have a reason to be flooring it and doing more.  The long, flat stretches of empty desert out here can by 80 mph.  They basically set the speed at what you'd want to drive.


Six hundred and fifty fucking doll hairs.
The warranty though. 
It's still largely useless when most of the police use laser (lidar).
Misread thread title.

Though this was about hookers when I saw escorts, red lights and cops.

Checking out. 
Wait...I have a radar detector from years ago that "learned" the locations of false positives and had a database that you could upload from the internet for red light cameras and it only cost me like $300 or so...
TIL the best way for a cop to catch Escort 360 users is to hide near a supermarket that has automatic doors. 
Here is a tip to make it easy, instead of having to buy something like this. Don't drive like a fucking moron and you wont get a ticket! And if you keep driving like an asshole, speeding and running lights, then fucking own up to it and pay your damn fine. Why is it so god damned hard for people to realize this?

Yes, I do speed myself and I have been pulled over for it before. You know what I did? I paid my fine and didn't act like a spoiled little brat when I had to own up to my mistake.
Because driving the speed limit is too much of a hassle?
If you need a radar detector to tell you not to run a red light, you shouldn't be on the road.
Why don't people just follow the law? Who actually needs something like this? 
I can understand the cop detector, but a red-light camera detector? That's just insane. I'm scared of people running red lights already. Why not just a cop detector and a speed-camera detector?
Or you know just don't speed, run red lights, or transport illegal goods. 
I'm surprised this article doesn't discuss the radar on self-driving cars. This will be totally useless once most new cars are equipped with collision-avoidance radar. 
What is this airplane speed trap they're talking about? I've never heard of using planes for traffic enforcement.
I was pulled over outside of Houston.  When I asked why, police officer said my Escort was obstructing my view. 
Waze works great and it's free
my escort 9500ix already does all of this.. why upgrade?
Do these things protect you against LIDAR yet (or laser or whatever they are called)?
This doesnt help against laser at all. Nothing but a laser jammer will. 
I live in chicago, this would save so many people including me.
There isn't much that can be done about the planes. They just use a stopwatch basically. There are giant while lines and these symbols, &lt; &gt;, painted on the shoulder. As you pass them the pilot taps a button, once you've passed 3 of them he gets an average speed and tells the ground patrol, who are usually just a bit ahead of you in traffic. At least that's how it is in left coast Washington. 
To be honest i find waze app more useful. Hook it up to your car bluetooth and it will let you know about hidden cam cops and the occasional traffic jam. All for free. 
Many of their models have done this for quite some time. If you're looking to buy though, save yourself a buck and look at belltronics. Same exact hardware from the parent brand at much lower prices.
I find the Waze app is the best tool for this in many areas. It also relays info on potholes, vehicles on shoulder, construction zones, traffic backups, etc.
They are not allowed in my country :-(
I live in Virginia (radar detectors are illegal here), so my current Escort lives in my glove box most of the time. I need something with a much smaller sensor that isn't conspicuous that I can leave mounted somewhere like my visor.. The stock suction cup mounting system and my personal rear view mirror mounted system require the entire unit to be in plain view.. Waze is my main tool right now and I've never even had a speeding ticket before. I just like having the peace of mind that there's something to remind me in case I forget about the speed limit.
Forgive me for being stupid about this but I thought that Laser Radar (instant on/off) was somewhat undetectable as it is a laser and is normally pointed at the front plate rather than a large field that paints the entire car?  How does this unit detect that tiny laser dot?
Do these things protect you against LIDAR yet (or laser or whatever they are called)?
I've had the escort S3 for about 3 or 4 years now and I've loved it since day one. This would be one hell of an upgrade, but for the time being...I think my S3 will suffice! Awesome piece of tech though! 
I guess its a cool invention but after learning a lot about trafficking I'm sure they would be able to abuse this very easily.
This is not new. The biggest new feature, and one that the article glossed over, are directional arrows. Valentine lost their patent a couple of years ago, and this is the first of the competitors to have them. The rest of the features have been out for a few years and is not news worthy. 
All the cops in my area use laser guns, so these are useless.
What's the difference between this new one and the 9500ix?
Canadian here, from Ontario specifically, was curious if this bad boy blocks radar detector..detectors? Radar isn't popular here due to our highway patrol utilising those. 
So tell me why I shouldn't buy the valentine one instead? 
This has been out for a long time now, it's called the Escort 9500ix. Have had all these features since 2011. Unless this thing merges the 9500ix with the REDLINE, then wait for the new REDLINE!
And my escort spots were just chlamydia. 
Yep, so can I.  I know where the cameras are, and I know where the chicken shit cops hide.  This isn't rocket science.
Escort passport max 1 &amp; 2 have been doing the same thing as this new radar. Only improvement is it shows an arrow from where the signal is coming from. I doubt there's any major improvements in range or signal filtration. With all that said, I'll be buying the max 360 soon.
ive had the max 360 for like a year now, it's pretty good honestly, especially if you drive a faster car and its easy to do 80km without realizing it because theres a built in speed warning also 
Many of their models have done this for quite some time. If you're looking to buy though, save yourself a buck and look at belltronics. Same exact hardware from the parent brand at much lower prices.
How do we not have a GPS with an integrated radar detector yet? Heck throw a 3G ?modem? in it and you could automatically add crowd sourced speed traps and cameras.
Just reading the title, but haven't all radar systems done this? For like 20 years now?
That is one clever prostitute 
I picked up the 350 dollar passport model at a yard sale for 15 so fat I'm in love!
[I just use this detector](http://www.amazon.com/Cobra-SSR-50-Performance-Detector/dp/B005SN3I58/ref=sr_1_12?s=car&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1446856873&amp;sr=1-12&amp;keywords=cobra+radar+detector). Way cheaper, and works great.
If only it were waterproof... for the motocycling crowd.
There isn't much that can be done about the planes. They just use a stopwatch basically. There are giant while lines and these symbols, &amp;lt; &amp;gt;, painted on the shoulder. As you pass them the pilot taps a button, once you've passed 3 of them he gets an average speed and tells the ground patrol, who are usually just a bit ahead of you in traffic. At least that's how it is in left coast Washington. 
im pretty sure my old ass cobra has been doing that for awhile now... whats so new about this one? and LOL at 700 dollars LOLOLOL
I'm not very impressed with Escort products. I feel their quality is fairly low and their M4 horn is a step backwards from the older Bel S7.  Unfortunately, they bought out Bel several years back and implemented their lower end internals. Their cases are thin and the last 2 RD I purchased from them broke. The GPS feature is nice but their signal detection isn't very linear. What I mean by this is that the RD will show a low level initially and then rapidly show a high signal strength, however, this high signal strength doesn't mean the cop is close. It is very hard to gauge how close you are to the threat. The only real alternative is the V1 but I was never impressed with them either. The V1 dual horn is nice being able to indicate the direction of the threat and they have metal cases. Whistler makes an OK upper model. This is really a market were we could use another strong competitor.
This is clickbait bullshit.

Headline:
&gt;Escort’s New Radar Detector Spots Cops and Red-Light Cameras

Text from the article:
&gt;what about increasingly common red light cameras? The Max 360 doesn’t actually spot them...

It's just a database of intersections with red-light cameras and the GPS in the detector beeps when you're approaching one.  This feature has been around on detectors for decades.  It's nothing new, and this article is really just advertising.  It mentions the product name and manufacturer half a dozen times, it mentions the price of the unit, and it talks up various features that aren't actually new.
Totally useless where I live as all the cops use lidar.
What about Lidar ?
Turns out Virginia and DC are the only places in the USA where these are illegal.

Assuming I'm asking the right crowd here... What's the best radar detector I can get in the $150 to $200 range?
Can we add the use of stringray machines too?
So... It's basically a 9500ix then? Aside from the rear camera and arrows I don't see a whole lot of new features. 
Do these things protect you against LIDAR yet (or laser or whatever they are called)?
Is this illegal? 
My Beltronics STi-R Plus has done this for years (except the crowd sourcing).
All police have to do is turn their gun on and off until it's to late making your detectors useless 
Does it filter out the lower bands used in blind spot detection on fancier cars?  Because the 9500ix sure as hell didn't and that's unacceptable for a $400 device.  Also the 9500ix was horrible on laser detection.
My town deactived red light cameras sighting increased accidents with no ticket revenue increase. 
I don't about other countries but in Finland the radar detectors are very illegal and will result in a hefty fine if you get caught. Not sure if the company will pay for every ticket I get for using the device.
Let me guess, its "only $499"
Do these things protect you against LIDAR yet (or laser or whatever they are called)?
Read the whole thing, stopped once i saw 650$ price tag. 
Do these things protect you against LIDAR yet (or laser or whatever they are called)?
I saved up 5 amazon gift certificates to buy a valentine v1 my senior year of high school. I never sped much, if I did it was no more than 10 over and never around corners, etc. 

My friend had a 128i 6 speed and drove a bit zippy but i always trusted him. We went on a "10 minute cruise" in his car and I brought the v1 because he asked me to and we were going to drive by the police station to test it out. No plan to speed. He takes a back road and I'm texting / not paying attention. Floors/half floors it at a random moment and catapults the car in the air and when it lands it crosses the lane, plows through a rock wall and into a tree on my side. Broke both legs and fractured my skull in 9 places and he was fine. Motherfucker. 

Its safe to say my new v1 was destroyed that day. I'm pretty convinced it flew off the windshield in the impact and fractured my skull or was partially responsible for my head / eye injuries. 

There's a lesson in this story. Many lessons. I still want another v1 because I had it for less than a week, but I don't think I can bring myself to do it after what happened last time. 
Whats the best reasonably priced Radar Detector? Say under $150.00
Here's a video review of the new Max360.

This will give you a good idea about the detector:

https://youtu.be/ZiHGKHObOjM
Would it work in Australia??
Just use Wayz
Why not just drive the speed limit?
I wish Valentine One would license their arrows. 


I drove across country and that thing was a beast. It'd be 2am, no car lights around and then you hear it:

.. Beep... Beeeep... 

Oh, arrow is ahead of us? Let's so down. 

Signal stronger... we're getting closer. Signal goes next to us and you can BARELY tell there was a cop there. Arrows start pointing back and when we're out of range we know we're good to go. 

Saved my butt a ton of times. 

Also, for any owners: [they've updated the firmware](http://www.valentine1.com/upgrades/) to get rid of the false alarms from the newer cars. I think it's like $50 or so. 
How about people just fucking drive safe and follow the god damn rules of the fucking road!
Or, you know, you could not run red lights, you know?  Anyone?  Bueller?
Still illegal in VA and D.C. :(
I feel like $650 would more than cover my next two speeding tickets. And, since I haven't had one (knock on wood) in 6 and a half years, I think I'm going to pass. 
Are this things legal in USA?
I didn't know radar detectors are still a thing.  I came across my old escort in storage and felt a bit of nostalgia.
[deleted]
I don't get why people are so against red light cameras, if you don't run a red light you don't have any issues. What's the difference between an actual cop catching you and a camera? 
The po po in Australia have been using fricken lasers for easily 10+ years. Surprised radar detectors exist any more
Or you know.. you could just use Wayz..          
Best cop/speed camera/ red light camera detector for free :D
Why are we encouraging speeding and red light running, exactly? Yes please continue going down my residential street doing 70, there's not families here, or anything.
Use Waze, avoid both cops and red-light cameras.  
Better still, save yourself $650. Just drive the speed limit and stop at red lights. Don't die or kill someone else trying to save 3 minutes you don't need to save.

Its transportation, not a video game.
I concur. I'm certain the cameras would have gotten me without the Escort. I love to drive fast. My divorce present was a 535i and I put a stage 2 tuner kit on it. 
V1 Master Race
F this.  These should be taxed like crazy.  Drive the speed limit you jerks!
The fact that his product exist is fucked up in general. They NEED to raise the speed limit. If grandma is comfortable speeding you  know speed limits are too low. Or at the very least lower the point value of speeding. 
You could just obey the fucking traffic laws. 
Or I could just use my waze app
Why is it legal in NYC/NJ when i googled it and my NYPD cops tells me it's illegal to have one?
I'm not sure why this is being upvoted or is news. Escort has had radar detectors that can do both of these things for several years now. 

Is this the new reddit method of revenue generation?Putting advertisements on the front page disguised as an article?
Now they just need to make it undetectable because it's highly illegal here and you could lose your driving license for using one
This isn't really groundbreaking.  Nicer radar detectors have been doing this for years. A first for escort? sure.  Groundbreaking?....nope
For $650 this thing better suck my dick as well 
[deleted]
I have an Escort Max (the version below this) and it does all of this except tell which way the cop is at. Works very well, but in the back country where there are many corners it detects late...which caused me to get a ticket.
Yeah so can can know when you should and shouldnt break the laws put in place to keep us all safe. 
How about something to blind red light cameras?
How is this legal?
Did nobody else come here thinking a prostitute had created a new device?
They have had systems that are equipped with rain sensors for a decade or two already. If the device senses enough rain has fallen it will not run the cycle on that day. 

I think that is a better way to solve this problem than a subscription based device. 
$35/month... Or I can just check the weather report and turn it off myself. If this was $35, onetime purchase, it might be worth it. 

We're able to forecast weather fairly accurately over 1 week in advance. It's not as if rain comes out of nowhere. 
I thought they meant fire sprinkler system and thought "that's a terrible feature to have". 
I bought the Rachio IRO. No subscription and does the exact same thing. 

Also got a $200 rebate from my water company for installing this so it only ended up costing me $40 in the end. 
I wonder what happens to this smart sprinkler system when the parent company shuts down in a few years. These tech startups come and go. It's doubtful it will be still be around ten years from now.
If you buy this you deserve to pay for it because you are an idiot.
If you buy this, you thoroughly deserve what you get.
"to avoid wasting water" if you really give a shit, you would look out the window, see it was raining, and turn your sprinkler off, or not use one.
It wastes money instead of water. Brilliant!!
This would be a hot seller if it was a one time fee to buy the device (like the nest) and it just connected to your wifi.  Who in their right minds would pay $35/mo for it?  They must be targeting the commercial market or something for that kind of fee because no one in their right mind would pay that much for their personal homes.  
With the accuracy of most meteorologists, your grass will be a delightful autumn brown all year long!
Eh, running 4 zones at 12-15m each per day costs me about that much in water already.  
i watched a video recently for a guy's home garden run by an arduino that only waters when the soil is dry... like $3 online for the hygrometer.
head over to /r/homeautomation we do this shit for half the cost 
and I turn on my water when the grass is thirsty. This could be me getting old, but not everything needs overpriced sensors.
Rachio.com has been doing this and more for 2 years, and it is not subscription based.
Or you could just use a $5 rain switch.
Rain sensor in the roof gutter... wirelessly sends a signal to the manifold to not open when raining
in my opinion this product is able to increase quality of plants considerably. I have a small farm, I with pleasure will get this device (excuse, if my English not correct)
Check out the [Edyn system](https://edyn.com/). Much better than this...subscription based sprinkler. Wtf?
Who is up voting this crap?
I wonder if it just sprays continously when there is a drought.
Or I'll just continue to shower normally
Problem with most old sensors, it is they are lined with cork and when the cork expands it sets off the sensor. I work outside with turf, and the biggest problem I have is trying to educate the homeowner on the benefits of correct mowing and watering practices. I run into the problem where everyone is a master gardener or knows what they are doing. Only to come back to try and eradicate the take all fungus they have created.  They pay a lot more than 35 dollars a month, so I cant complain.
Anecdotally, it almost seems that running sprinklers is a better predictor of rain than the weather forecast. That's wasted water right there.

There are many residential water users in Portland, Oregon that consume more than half a million gallons every year. Portland is no desert; these people are paying thousands of dollars per annum for something that literally falls out of the sky every day for almost half the year.

$35/mo. isn't going to break them, especially if it means not being [named and shamed](http://www.wweek.com/portland/article-25154-hydro_hogs.html).

a soil moisture sensor seems a bit more reasonable
California is saved.
But why does it look so scary?
So basically 1/100 of the time they will actually spray water. 
You could always just use a WeMo switch and IFTTT. 
so does my existing system
They lost me at "lease". 
Just eat one pound less of beef a year and you will probably save more water. 
This technology is pretty much standard, and has been for years. 
Or you can just buy a product from Kickstarter without having to lease anything...
... checking the weather forecast is stupid.  how many times have i seen rain 90% chance at 5 pm, and ain't a drop fallen 'til the next day?
Million dollar idea if someone wants to do something that is totally and utterly dependent on unnecessarily costly subscriptions.
Is that thing answering Jabbas door?
My company developed a sprinkler controller that sensed the amount of sunlight, humidity, and pressure and adjusted water output accordingly. Seems like a more reliable solution. (Product dev, another company sells it.)
Wouldn't a system that just shuts off when it physically senses rain a better solution? Oh wait they have those.
RainMachine, Rachio, Blossom. These guys are super late to the game. Just waiting for Nest to make one.
this seems like a gadget you should be able to just buy and hook into a free api for life, no?
Because it can pour across the street, but I think that's different from what the op was talkin about.
Or phase in xeriscaping and use little to zero water.  
Hey I know, if you have to water your stuff - maybe you need different stuff - that way you won't waste water.
Even smarter is to use more rigorous species of grass that never needs watering but still looks nice.
wow, startups have really gotten smart this time, what a unique and novel idea. /s
I have a blossom. It already does all this and there is no monthly fee.
If you really don't want to waste water, don't waste water on your grass and that's it! Am I the only one who find the idea of watering grass plain dumb?
Does it work as well as smart thermostats?  On, Off, On, off, turn AC on but blower off, On, Off, On, Off.  
This explains the California drought. 
Adam Carolla will want to see this..
This doesn't seem all that new. I've been looking at replacing our automatic sprinkler system for a while to a smart one that is network connected. Just waiting for one that suits our needs,  but they all connect to some sort of weather network. 
As many others have said, I feel like this is already a thing. SkyDrop stands out in my mind as one that already does this.
I'm a Head Gardener on a large estate, I check the weather forecast three or four times a day and find that when it comes to rainfall it is about 50% accurate. On the distant properties on the estate that me and the boys don't want to shoot down to in order to switch off the taps every time it rains the auto timers are rain sensitive and perform admirably. 

Tldr: This is a load of fucking shit, avoid. 
Just got a big case of first world blues when I read this
Lawns, because using your property to grow food would just be stupid and your HOA can't handle real life.
Australian here - what's a sprinkler?
Doesn't Rachio do *exactly this* already?  They've been on the market for well over a year.

Didn't pay much attention to them, but learned of them through the context of the Wink system.
i've had an opensprinkler for a year that does this with open source code. no monthly fee of course. polls weather underground forecast and adjusts its watering. 


Another overhyped trash start up. We've had rain sensing sprinklers for years.
You can do it with a $30 raspberry pi. 
I have at least a 20 year old sprinkler system that has sensors in my gutters to tell if it's raining or not.
I am pretty sure this "problem" has been solved already...
fuck me so these days you just slap the word *smart* on every piece of shit product and the blogs will hype like crazy? alright I prefer to be dumb then
It wastes money instead of water. Brilliant!!
Irrigation Caddy already does this... without a monthly fee.

http://www.irrigationcaddy.com/
OpenSprinkler anyone? This kind of thing has been possible on the cheap for a good while now.
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/adamcarolla] [xpost from smart gadgets. the aceman would be proud.](https://np.reddit.com/r/AdamCarolla/comments/3uahpa/xpost_from_smart_gadgets_the_aceman_would_be_proud/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
This is fairly neat, if you live somewhere with predictable weather. Here in Wyoming the weather forecast is only occasionally correct, and tends to change almost every hour. I imagine some type of air/humidity monitoring sensor would operate more accurately to the actual weather than a system just checking a forecast in these types of areas. I've spent a fair share of my work life in landscaping and I wouldn't be surprised if it's already a thing actually.
Saving the environment before your life since 1997!
Christ. Does no one look outside their window any more or listen to or look up something simple as the weathercast? These guys have become pretty good at their job and most of their services come for free or is something you pay your taxes for.
It wouldn't work in Colorado. The weather forecast means nothing here.
WTF?  I have a Rain Machine sprinkler controller and it gets the forecast for free from NOAA via Wi-Fi every day.  No subscription/service fees, and even got me a rebate from the water district.

Not exactly rocket science.
This already exist at your local lowes... I have one and it has 0.00 cost per month and works great.  www.skydrop.com  It is even easily expandable... I have a 14 zone system and Ive really enjoyed this.

This isnt new people.
I bought a SkyDrop sprinkler controller and it has done fairly well at saving water.  Grass is still nice and green and I track my water usage through an app.  
The weather forecast! Seriously? It'd be better off ringing my gran and asking about her knees. 


Watering the lawn is a bit excessive no matter where you live. If it grass goes brown, then it wasn't meant to be there; grass was imported from UK and it grows well there. Instead, I'd plant trees, bushes and vines.
I've had my hydrawise for 3+ years now that does this.
https://hydrawise.com/
It is also wifi and web enabled so I can access it from anywhere at anytime and turn things on and off in a heartbeat. 

It has done this for years, nothing new. It has a lot of different triggers that you can setup to conserve water. I highly recommend the product it's well made and the creator/inventor is easy to reach if you have any questions. 
Autoplay video.  Not reading it
for when you forget to just turn off your water in winter.
Like taking apart an old thinkpad.
I really like the [cost breakdown](http://fairphone.com/costbreakdown/) on their page.
I can only hope a phone like this is available in the US by the time my Note 4 is dead. I *really* don't want to move on with irreplaceable batteries, and having modular and replaceable/upgradeable internals would be amazing.
This is very well engineered. If only other companies wouldn't with the route of obsolescence every couple of years we could be upgrading not the phones, but individual components like we do with PC
Any info on how they plan to stay current with Android? Upgrading instead of replacing your phone is only a great idea if you have access to software updates as well.
[deleted]
its... so... beautiful.
755 canadian. Meh, I'm not sure its worth it. 
Cant read atm,  bit will it be available I Europe? 
&gt;Just like in the good old days, we lift out the battery and... that's it. No glue, no plugs, no drama.
The battery even uses spring contacts instead of the bracket-covered press connectors we've gotten so used to seeing. We can swap out batteries like it's 2005!

Open a Windows Phone sometime, guys. Jeez. My 520 even has a separate display and touchpad! And I can get to them with only a standard screwdriver.
i'm sure they'll sell hundreds of them.
So how open/fair is the operating system?
I really hope 3rd party companies get behind the making of modular bits! Upgraded loudspeakers, cameras etc. Suh-weeet. 
How much extra does it cost to insert pogo-pins everywhere instead of just making a monolithic bit of kit?  It's certainly a good idea to have more modular/repairable phones, but it must come at a cost, not just in the wallet department, but sure in the size of the phone.
Is this the final product of that Blocks Phone that was blowing up my feed a few years back?
Too bad it's so expensive!
Shameless plug:

/r/fairphone
While Fairphone should definitely be commended, I feel like iFixit should have saved an extra half point for if Fairphone manage to have separate glass and LCD panel, it's always a shame to throw a working LCD panel away because you've cracked the glass.

Or maybe a Fairphone with separate glass gets an 11? :)
Am I the only one who thinks it's weird that [the white of their fingernail goes aaaaall the way round?](https://d3nevzfk7ii3be.cloudfront.net/igi/foTyoZOkVx354jCK)
This is precisely how I pictured a modular phone would work, and I'm sure there will be a market for upgradable components assuming the manufacturers also provide drivers for Android.

I recall a huge shitstorm of "engineers" here on reddit saying how a modular smartphone was impossible and complete vaporware when the idea was proposed. I don't know how anyone can take commenters here seriously when they just pretend they know what they're talking about and get "vetted" by people via upvotes (who also don't know enough to see through it).
So whats the big fuzz? Those of us in the repair business know damn well we might never see this phone in our shops. 
If it weren't 10/10, then their whole 'idea' is down the drain.
Go to the manufacturer website at fairphone.com/phone

Beautiful site. 
I mean...who is this for, really? It's not thin enough, it's completely plastic, it's from a small company with no guarantee of software updates or support. And especially for this kind of money (~$567), why would one pick this over say, an iPhone (which has both an easily replaceable display and battery, probably the only two parts that would ever need replacing)?
I was excited until I saw the price. Nearly 600 dollars. 
Does anyone know if it will be upgradable to snapdragon 820? Or is that not how this works
Well, everything else would be pretty ridiculous.
I prefer my electronics frothing with suffering
Does it have 4g now?  That was the catch on the first one.  
I'd like that phone. As long as it ran a standard OS, such as Android or Windows. 

With comparable products, usually only one or two improvements (IE: Processor, Camera) are available in each generation. Being able to replace the individual components without junking the entire handset is quite nice. For example, I have plenty of devices with lots of storage...that still run programs and apps very well and have decent battery life but the camera quality is junk. Being able to simply upgrade the camera as opposed to buying a new device is a welcome improvement.

And for those talking bad about the case--How long until 3rd parties develop awesome new cases that your components can pop into? Because with most cellphones, that's all that's really different. The case that the same basic components fit into. Obviously this doesn't apply to Apple products, that use some pretty unique components--but for the rest, a lot of it is pretty standard.
That's really not much different than taking apart a [Nexus 5](https://d3nevzfk7ii3be.cloudfront.net/igi/sUFxPIcyo1Ti13xv).
It's interesting that I'm seeing this because before yesterday, I'd never heard of the Fairphone 2. Now that I've heard of it, it's on the frontpage.

I saw it on the Ethical Consumer report showing that it had an ethiscore of 15/20, which is way more than any other phone I've ever seen before in my life.

I hope the Fairphone gets a monopoly and continues doing what it's doing.
A refreshing change to see potential upgradeability built in.Has to be good for the environment and peoples pockets, i hope people support this phone rather than the superficial looks department ones which encourage a throwaway attitude.
Well, everything else would be pretty ridiculous.
So it is possible to design a phone that doesn't say a big fuck you to the end user?
What is especially exciting with this phone is what the future could hold for it. I love the idea of 'getting to know' my phone. Now, of course, most people aren't, but to think that someone buying this phone could keep it indefinitely running is so interesting. It's like a phone that teaches the user about tech, while rewarding them for looking. 

*get's all wiggly* 
I regret so much having bought the Nexus 5x without knowing about this phone! 
&gt; The LCD and cover glass are fused, simplifying removal, but significantly increasing the cost of replacement.
 
Repairability score 10/10 ?

I'm sorry but I'm under the impression they pull these scores out of their asses...
Because repairability is what I'm really worried about with a mobile phone.
The concept is awesome and I'm seriously considering getting one.

Only thing that's putting me off is how thick it is:
http://imgur.com/NuQf7UO

I guess the modular nature results in more space used and can't be help, but I wish it was not that thick.
Or you can just take care of your phone so you don't break it, then you won't have to waste your money on a stupid phone for hippies.
&gt; The LCD and cover glass are fused, simplifying removal, but significantly increasing the cost of replacement.

Ouch.  That seems to be the one blemish about this phone.  
Can I get a towel? Damn. 
I'd take a phone that is 1mm thicker and packs a bigger battery in it than any "thinnest phone in the world".
If they don't at least bundle a play-and-charge adapter with this, they will get hammered by bad press and public opinion.  Making people pay for an adapter (and it is Apple so it will be $50) would be crazy.  If this rumor is even true, of course.
But why?  I'd rather have a thicker phone with twice the battery size, no camera hump, and a headphone jack.
If there is any truth to this, then this is the stupidest design decision that Apple could possibly make. 

How exactly is making the next iPhone 1mm thinner worth having to either buy new headphones or use an adapter? 
How am I supposed to use headphones and charge at the same time?
I lost a few brain cells reading that comment section. They really want more proprietary adapters and headphones and think bluetooth is the answer. Only Apple fanboys would call removing a universal standard from almost every portable audio device in existence and calling it innovative. I love my iPhone, but man do these people live in their own bubble where they think Apple makes all the best design decisions?
[deleted]
My [HPalm Veer had an audio adapter](http://icdn6.digitaltrends.com/image/hp-veer-white-side-port.jpg?ver=1) that was held on with a strong magnet. [What it looked like on the side of the Veer](https://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/s--nI1DSGM7--/18mhet12ec5ijjpg.jpg).

Firstly, I loved that device. Let's take a moment here to remember how innovative webOS was and how awesome the Pre and Veer were.

Okay, I was *always* nervous about losing that audio adapter. It was proprietary and for a device that went out of production pretty quickly, so I wouldn't've be able to buy a backup if I lost it. Plus, I had to remember to carry that adapter with me if I *might* want to listen to music.

Remember that the Veer and Pre had inductive charging, so other than listening to music, I had no reason to plug anything into the device.

[Here's what the USB adapter looked like](http://cdn.a4c.com/media/catalog/product/cache/1/image/520x520/9df78eab33525d08d6e5fb8d27136e95/h/p/hp-veer-4g-usb-cable-view-of-connector.jpg) for the Veer - went on the same spot the audio adapter went.

Extra little parts to lose.
I'm surprised no one has mentioned this yet: Square.   

Payments is the next looming warfare (and has been), but by removing the jack they're cutting Square and the other credit card readers out.
What are the chances that Apple purposefully released this leak to check consumer opinion?
RIP my aux-input-based car stereo setup
Great even less reason for people to use headphones and subject the rest of us to their shitty music. 
Hahahahahahahahaha - All Android users
Why wouldn't they just switch to a 2.5mm jack and include a small adapter? Problem solved. (⌐■_■) 
Close that system up. Make Steve happy. 
No thanks, back to Android when the time comes..
Bad news for companies like Square and PayPal who use that port for their credit card readers. 
Clever ploy to get everyone talking about Apple again. The floor has been set. Now, when iPhone 7 comes out with the standard 3.5mm port, people will talk about it again and will think "...oh, look, I guess Apple really does know what they are doing..." Just like when Apple talked about keeping the small screens, then came out with bigger screens. And talked about not coming out with a tablet before coming out with a tablet, and how they talked about not coming out with a mini tablet before coming out with a mini tablet, etc. 

Absolutely brilliant marketing. Do you really think these "leaks" happen by accident? They got people talking about Apple, and debating Apple, and they even got some headphone manufacturers to take a second look at their lightening port headphones. 

And then when they do go to digital headphones, which everyone will, eventually, because why put the AD converter within the phone when there is plenty of space for it in the headphone and the chip costs less than 20 cents, it'll be an innovation and all the android phones will follow suit within the year. I mean, it's probable the single least reliable component in the iPhone is the headphone jack....
Who gives a shit about phones being thin? Don't change shit to change shit. If it's not innovative, wait. 
This is ridiculous. Typical Apple.

I hear they're also planning to switch to OLEDs in 2018. Way to stay with the times Apple.
I'm sure that there will be a variety of lightning ready Beats headphones ready to accommodate this new design decision.  
Well, if the phone connected to headsets via lightning, wouldn't that mean it could charge power from the headset as well? Could that mean a headset would serve as a powerbank for the phone?
The only reason I can actually believe this is because of how Apple has changed their MacBook Pro over the last few years. They have removed some key components and have switched nearly everything over to the thunderbolt port. My top of the line laptop doesn't have a DVD drive and doesn't even have an Ethernet port anymore. I wouldn't be the least bit surprised if they got rid of the HDMI port next or even USB and make me use a thunder bolt adaptor. I'm personally getting sick of it. 

If I cared about looks (slimness) over functionality I wouldn't be the geek I am in the first place. Looks like my Apple love might be waning. It's a shame tho, because they do make nice products. Shame on you Apple.
Wow, that's kinda dumb.
If this were in service of making the phone waterproof, I'd be in favor of it. If it's just to make it thinner, I think it's silly. 
I *almost* wouldn't mind paying for an extra adaptor but it sounds like this will make it difficult/impossible to use 3rd party headphones at all... Coming from the perspective of somebody who is willing to shell out a lot of money for good sound quality, it's shit that I wouldn't be able to easily use my HD595s with the phone. And no, spending more money on Beats headphones isn't a viable alternative because they aren't very good. 
Apple just got scolded for a monopoly on lightning cables then makes people have to buy an adapter from them? Genius
I had a Palm Treo 800w that was like that. It would only use the usb headphones it came with. I didn't think I had to ask whether it had a freaking headphone jack before I bought it.

It sucked.
I hate Apple. There is currently a universal port for audio and they want to fuck that up.
How long will people put up with this shit?
Ideal outcome: Nobody is willing to buy an adapter in order to be able to use their headphones, lightning-only headphones don't take off, bluetooth doesn't take off, sales tank because nobody wants a device that sacrifices basic functionality in order to shave off a millimetre of thickness. Apple learns a valuable lesson about trying to be special.

Actual outcome: People happily shell out $50 for the lightning-to-headphone adapter or get bluetooth headphones, headphone companies everywhere rush to make headphones with lightning cables, reviewers tout Apple for being innovative thinking forward and how the iPhone 7 being 1mm thinner is just so, SO sexy and makes all the missing functionality and shit battery life totally worth it.

People will do whatever it takes to own/use an apple product. 
I'm guessing this thread (and ones on other sites) is just market research to them, and after seeing the initial response they won't do it.
I have been team iPhone since the 4 and if this is true, hello nexus 6 whateverthehell the name is. That's pretty outrageous. 
Same unfounded rumor was circulated last year about the 6.
 Apple is the HR of cellphones *"we're taking away a feature, making your life harder but it's really better for you"*.
I'm done with Apple. They're falling farther and farther behind on the technology front while continuing to charge a premium like they still have the only good phone on the market. I got my iPhone 6 and it was useless without a mophie to go with it. I don't give a crap how thin it is if the battery is dead by noon.
If this is actually happening, it'll be enough for me to abandon iOS after 8 years. 
I swear to God, Apple better get over their own ego fast.
[deleted]
And that's the push I needed to jump ship. 
I don't want to have to give up my $500 Shures to fit Apple's shitty new design.  I'm an admitted Apple fanboy and I'll probably buy an Android phone if that part is true.
If they make a lightning to 3.5mm DAC that is actually decent, small, and has a good quality amp in it, that would be okay with me. Better yet, they could build that into the phone so I'll never forget it!
Fuck that.

That's all I gotta say about this
If I can't use the headset while the phone is charging, it will become nearly useless
I remember Kuerig messing with their coffee pots to try and get more money. I remember it not working out so well for them. Apple would be wise to not make a similar mistake. 
Not that anyone will even read this reply... 

The old first generation htc mytouch didn't have a head phone port, instead they gave you an adapter with the phone that you would have to use if you wanted to use headphones, it was fucking ridiculous and I hated it with a passion. I think I lost the stupid adapter after like 2 weeks of owning the phone.... So if Apple does this, I might switch back to an android device ::cringe:: 😩
Just to play devils advocate here, I have never had a 3.5mm port stand the test of time and it has failed me on every iPod/iphone/computer I have ever owned.
Apple. Please don't do this. I, a long time Android user, was planning to try the iPhone 7 just to see how having an iPhone was, but this will make it harder to convince myself to do so. 
Well that's me switching to Android if this actually happens. 
Apple used to make the artist's computer.

Now it makes the consumer's computer.
Then, Goodbye Apple.

A normal headphone jack, ability to add Micro Sd card memory and good Apps selection will be the savior of Apple competitors.
If this is true, Apple will produce their own headphones and price them alongside the top of the range ones from third parties, basically apple saw Beats  making £100 headphones and thought, there another hundred quid we can take from our fanboys.no doubt an adaptor will arrive for third party phones, but it will be a: expensive. and b: ugly and inconvenient,so apple fanboys will not like using it.The headphones they produce will also be chipped so they cannot be cloned easily and firmware updates will render any third party oned unusable, and will be flimsy enough to require frequent replacement. 
This will even turn the fanboys away
I've owned every iPhone since the 3GS. If they do this, there's no way in hell I'm getting a 7. My 6S is plenty good, so I'd likely sit out a year hoping they see the error of a decision this idiotic, and if they don't, I'd likely switch to Android. 
That's just a really shitty idea. Really shitty
Here's the plus side: The current crop of wired selfie sticks wont work anymore!
Change for the sake of change, and a dumb change at that.
What happened to USB-C? I thought Apple and other companies had agreed to make this the standard. Seems much more likely than a lightning requirement. 
They have to have leaked this intentionally to feel out the public response. Unsurprisingly everyone hates it
Spoiler alert: Apple can do whatever they want and we'll still buy it all.
one more reason why I won't buy iPhone... Bluetooth may seem like a solution, but it's not a healthy technology and if I want to use my hi-fi headphones with my phone, it's not possible... so, no thanks, I'll stick with Android 

Plus, how you gonna listen to music and charge at the same time?? 
Get ready to whip out $50 for an adaptor to fit your headphones. This is why Apple sucks, ripping off their loyal customer base with useless changes and "upgrades" just to make extra money. This is NOT innovation. Steve would be disappointed. 
Welp guess I'm done buying iPhones 
This why apple is a fucking joke. Better hardware? Naa, just make that shit skinny as possible. 
I would legitimately switch to Android if this is true. I love my headphones.
This is one of those cases where Apple makes a decision on behalf of their customers, whether the customers agree to it or not. They're clearly hoping that people buy more and more wireless headphones, which is the future clearly, but it's not quite there yet. They're still a little too expensive for everyone to buy, and the battery life isn't that good. I don't think it's a bad decision, I just think it's a few years too soon. I'd rather see this change on iPhone 8 rather than 7.
Just another reason why to stick with Android.
So I guess you'd be fucked if you wanted to charge your phone and listen to music at the same time?
I just want to ask, does anyone actually give a fuck if the next iPhone is 1mm thinner? How about make it thicker and put decent sized battery in the damn thing. C'mon man! 
Jesus Christ, if it ain't broke, don't fix it!
Give me the option of good digital output adapts and I’m for it. I want AES3 XLR out of my Iphone. With a propper case, I can’t even get an 1/8” connector in there anyway.
God I hope not. I have loved my last 3 iPhones but that will be the end of my Apple upgrades if so. I'm digging my new Samsung Galaxy s 8.4 Tablet quite a bit so I'd go Samsung if it comes to that. 
ITT: Circlejerking and people assuming a **rumour** is 100% true. 

Typical /r/gadgets
I can't wait to see how this easily the new iPhone will bend.
Could apple just still provide their signature earbuds, but with a little clip on bluetooth connector or something? That sounds ok
They just want to screw their customers out of more money. SOP for apple. They will chip their new cord and force you to buy some beats piece of shit earbuds. If your dumb enough to buy apple you deserve to get screwed lol
One more reason to ditch Apple. I'm glad I got out of their ecosystem when I did.
Breaking news! Upcoming iPhone 12 so thin you can use it as a knife!
Could they be doing this to save internal space?
When will you idiots stop buying iphones, seriously, how heavy does the straw need to be? 
HAHAHAHAH fuck apple. Seriously how long are dumbasses gonna keep buying this crap?
Typical Apple crap.  Lock out all other peripheral providers.
A bit off topic but the author refers to a digital to analog converter as a DA. A DA is a distribution amplifier. Have I just never heard of a converter referred to as a DA?
On a slightly related note, did Apple use USB C in that one Macbook and then say, "ah screw it"?  None of the other new Macs have USB C anywhere.  Or am I missing something?
Oh Mac, you so crazy and innovative. /s
Holy shit, this sub is about as equal with it's discussion of gadgets as /r/games is with it's discussion of gaming platforms.
Ideal outcome: Nobody is willing to buy an adapter in order to be able to use their headphones, lightning-only headphones don't take off, bluetooth doesn't take off, sales tank because nobody wants a device that sacrifices basic functionality in order to shave off a millimetre of thickness. Apple learns a valuable lesson about trying to be special.

Actual outcome: People happily shell out $50 for the lightning-to-headphone adapter or get bluetooth headphones, headphone companies everywhere rush to make headphones with lightning cables, reviewers tout Apple for being innovative thinking forward and how the iPhone 7 being 1mm thinner is just so, SO sexy and makes all the missing functionality and shit battery life totally worth it.

People will do whatever it takes to own/use an apple product. 
Of course, then everyone that spends the extra cash on premium headphones/earbuds can drop even **more** cash on new, proprietary ones that will *ONLY* work with one god damn mother fucking device.

This fucking company...
I may be in the minority here, but myself and plenty of people I've talked to have no problem with, and actually really enjoy, the Apple EarPods that come with the phones.

That being said, if Apple includes a pair of Lightning EarPods with the newest iPhone, I think I'd actually be ok with that. Not being able to charge my phone and listen to music at the same time would suck when the time came that I wanted to do that, though.
Yup I'm switching to Android.
I would absolutely never buy an iPhone ever again. I use my phone for music more than I use it for a phone. If I have to spend 50$ for an ugly adaptor I'll probably lose or limited to horrible headphones, it's iPhone game over for me. 
REQUIRED LIGHTNING FOR HEADPHONES HAHA SUCKS TO BE AN IPHONE HAVE FUN CARRYING AROUND A HEADPHONE ADAPTER AND NEVER BEING ABLE TO GRAB THE AUX CORD IN THE UBER OR AT THE PARTY
i dont understand how people pay top price for outdate components and features that are sub par compared to other tech... this is coming from a person with a gaming pc worth over 3 grand. If apples products were truly good i wouldnt be posting this.
This will make the 6c7c or iPhone 7 decision much easier for me
And my initial prediction after their Beats buyout finally came to bear fruit. They're so incredibly predictable.
This is straight out of the Sony cell phone playbook.
Perhaps they will start to encourage blu tooth over wired headphones?
It's about apple finding another way to nickel and dime their customers into spending more money with them.  Either directly on new headphones, or indirectly on LICENSED lightning chips to include in the cables.  

Just to connect a lightning device to a MBP takes a $40 cable - 12 inches at $40 is a bit pricy....  

This is just apple telling its users that apple knows better than them and to just keep shelling out money.
They recently patented a D shaped audio jack so its quite possible they'll move to that 
I love my iPhone and I'm still using the 5c.  If anything could 100% convince me to jump ship, it would be this.  I just bought a pair of Bose qc25's this summer. I intend to use them through at least the next several devices as headphones should not suddenly become obsolete.  There are some standards that are ubiquitous enough that they are not yet ready to die.  3.5mm stereo jack is one of them.  Just look at how many devices are still using RCA (AKA phono plugs) those have been around for nearly 70 years and they aren't going anywhere anytime soon.
are you fucking kidding me?
If this is actually the case, this actually confirms my full abandonment of all apple hardware. 
If this happens I'll just figure out a way to make a Samsung work...
A lot of companies make bad decisions and then go back on them. Like when Microsoft wanted to require a camera and microphone in order to play video games, they changed there minds real quick when people complained and said they would jump to Sony. Apple will do the same when people decide to go to Samsung or another android. 
Didn't the EU force Apple to move to a common adapter (e.g. USBc)?

See here for more:
http://www.patentlyapple.com/patently-apple/2014/03/european-parliament-rules-apple-must-use-the-micro-usb-standard-port-for-european-idevices-by-2017.html

Maybe Apple are going to try 2 years of pumping what the can from accesories before the change.

Or they'll do region-locked EU-spec releases from 2017 with different hardware.
I doubt this will happen.
Would this "adapter" do all the digital to analog conversion for the headphones or can a lightning cable transmit an analog signal?
Bwhahahaha oh my god.

But really, they've been saying this for a while now, right?
I just want a phone that doesn't require a daily charge. I miss my old Nokia.  Charged that bad boy once a week and dropped it at least once a day.
What happened to that whole thing where EU regulations were forcing them to switch to a universal standard charge port? If that's the case, why are they still forcing Lightning?
Don't worry, there's an Official Apple lightning to aux adapter for the low price of $39.99.
And to further keep our products incompatible with the people outside the box.
Well, guess I'm still that guy whose phone does what iPhones won't. Viva la Kyocera!
This seems like a terrible idea.
Won't that just worsen the battery life? I honestly don't see why the phones need to be any thinner unless you're using a bulkier case. 
I'm gonna be honest. I don't use the headphone port. Ever. So if they removed it, I wouldn't be affected. 

*That being said*, this is probably the dumbest rumor I've heard yet. That's so fucking dumb of them to even consider, I don't know what they are thinking. My only conclusion is this is BS. The iPhone 7 has already been designed and they're probably working on the 7S right now. I highly doubt they'll nix it. 
This would certainly be the last straw for me.  No more iPhones for me if they pull this shit.
Bullshit. The macbook, which did away with anything other than a usb-c port still has a 3.5mm headphone port and I doubt very much that they would do this to the iphone. It's been tried before (looking at you SonyEricsson) and it just doesn't fly. 100% bullshit.
They own beats headphones. A lot of those are wireless and mass producing the cable they already have doesn't seem to be hard for headphones. Seems like a pretty easy plan when you realize Apple runs the cell phone world.
This rumour came about before the iPhone 6 came out. I doubt they would make it /that much harder/ to use non-Apple licensed products.
I mean, out of the two I/O ports on the new MacBook, one is a 3.5mm audio jack. They probably could have put another USB-C instead of the 3.5mm, but they didn't.
I don't know if anyone else has mentioned this but the g1 used an ext-usb to 3.5mm adaptor for third party headphones
I can see the reason they might think this is a good idea. For me personally, I don't think I have used the headphone port on my phone for a few years, all my headphones are bluetooth, and speakers are some form of wireless. However, I know that is not extremely common. 

Maybe in a few more years, but I still see a majority of people at the gym with wired headphones. Even if they include lightning headphones, still too soon. Maybe if they include an adapter, people would probably be pissed for awhile and then move on when the lightning adapters/earbuds are sold at the gas station.
I don't think this is true and nor do I care at the moment but I'm pretty sure the One Plus One or the One Plus X or two doesn't have a standard 3.5mm jack.  It uses a thinner input and you have to use a special cord (included) to use your headphones.
Good god Apple is retarded
Apple doesn't like the standard or to give you a choice. Fuck Apple.
I have an iPhone now.  I'll buy the phone with a 3.5mm jack, iPhone or other.
I think it's a dumb move really but I won't be buying it and in honesty I tend to use Bluetooth headphones and speakers anyway.
What an embarrassing move on Apples part.

A company that perfects UX/UI, and they didn't think that people would want to charge their phone *while listening* to music or videos/whatever on their phone.

I'm not spending $25-50 on a clunky adapter that I have to carry around that does both things. 
If this rumor is true, then fuck them. iPhone is too fucking thin and bendable enough as it is. Why make it even more fragile sans headphone port. 
Jesus Christ, if it ain't broke, don't fix it!
If this rumor turns out true, I'm switching to samsung.
Dude the lighting port craps out soooo fast, I'm super gentle with my phone charger and it still gets to the poin when it stops working entirely, if the headphones use the same thing they will never fucking work. 
I've been hearing this in the last 4 years. I don't believe it.
don't believe it...from a business perspective why the fuck would they do this?
There were rumors about this when the iPhone 6 was about to come out...
I will switch to buying OnePlus 2 or probably the older iPhone.

I'd be okay with this if there was movement to create a standard for digital audio over usb3.1/thunderbolt3.

I think a DAC in 2015 should be in the listening device or external. 

I've had some great phones with awful analogue out.
I honestly don't understand why people buy iphones. I think the only reason is because its some fad/trend. Each "new" iPhone is no different than the last, some of the "new features" could simply implemented by an update, and also there's no freedom you can access files, you can't change phone themes, can't download whatever you want off the internet. And there's much more. VS android phones witch are all different, some have actually new features such as the 3d phone, it may not have turned out so well but its different. And on android you can have dev options and root your phone for further customization

I've got an iPhone and I really like it. But I've been contemplating making the switch to Android. But this is just ridiculous. There is zero reason to make a headphone plug use a lightning connection when a standard 3.5mm plug will work just fine and is essentially the industry standard. 
Who cares about how thin it is? I am more concern that they shatter and aren't even the slightest bit water resistant. I feel like I have been sucked into the black hole of apple products and I can't get out. I broke my iPhone 6+ right after I got it. So I have to have this thick case on my replacement to protect it. So even if they make the phones thinner you still have to buy a 100 life proof case to keep the silly thing from breaking. 
No, they wont.

Innovation.. its like living in 2017
Hang on so, if this adapter is tiny, and can forever sit on the jack of your headphones, there's almost no real negative effect right? Apart from when you want to use other headphones and don't have your jack?

Well, that and charging and listening simultaneously but maybe there's a an easy fix for that too.

That said I'm sure it's for non-custoner-friendly reasons
One of the many reasons why my next phone will not be an iPhone. 
After years of being on the fence with my iPhone, if they did this I would switch for sure. 
I think lumia 950 and lumia 950XL are already capable of doing this with USB-C.
Would people be ok with this if Apple included Bluetooth earbuds with the new phone?
Maybe I'm just sick of people wailing like this is the second coming, but I haven't used my headphone jack in years and I think it's a cool approach to implementing new designs. Bring it on.
If this is true I'll never buy another iPhone.
The iPhone I have will be my last iPhone - all iPhone users ITT

This is the best iPhone, I will buy 10 of those - same iPhone users during iPhone 7 launch. 
Here's a thought: why does it have to be thin? Does anyone really think that makes any sense in practical application?
Let me play the devil's advocate. I hate Apple products. Period. They're dumbed down, over priced, and the sheeple that rush out to buy them are stupid. BUT, how can we expect change in a world where we continue following the norm. Would I love for everything to move to a unified connector, of course. Would I love a thinner phone (I'd prefer a bigger battery, but no one wants to do that), of course. Yes, Apple is normally greedy when it comes to these things, but it's going to take a big company to cause change in how we do things.
I think its great idea. Apple should go full Apple and do something weird and innovative. I wouldn't buy something made by Apple because its smart and convenient.
Wasn't this rumour around last year before the 6S was released?
Report: iPhone 6 is certainly the last iPhone I will buy.
Why are people still using wired headphones?
I'm so entrenched into the Apple ecosystem that if this report said that the new iPhone will shock my testicles every time I send or receive a text, I'm still going to give them my money ASAP.
Goodbye iPhone, then.
Apple always coming up with a way to make everyone have to go out and buy a new product.  The port they have now is a non issue. What is an issue is their shitty batter life and cracked glass the minute you drop the phone.
I don't want a thinner phone. It's not making it anymore comfortable in my hand. It makes it annoying to hold. For fucks sake
Calm down guys, this is a website earning money with Apple-related articles citing a Japanese blog citing a "reliable source". Everybody here is acting as if this was a fact now.
iPhone user here and this is pretty awful. So we will need adapters even to play music in our cars? Not everyone has Bluetooth in their car... :/
Hell, i want a phone (like Marshal London) that has at least 2 audio jacks and separate volume controls. 
I guess it's time to say goodbye from me to you, Apple.

Granted, I'm still using an original iPhone 5, but upgrade choice made much easier now.
The iPhone 7 isn't due for another 10 months and we're already seeing "leaks". Sure.
Apple has to monetize Beats purchase.  You live in their universe and all other options are null and void. Personally I love how people buy a thin phone then put an Otterbox brick around it.  Sent from my Galaxy S5  
The fuck now?
I remember Sony in the 90s... all the rage, people loved Sony. Sony used proprietary stuff in all of their stuff. Suddenly, people got tired of this bullshit and stopped buying Sony. Now, nobody cares about them except about PlayStation, Sony has sold so many companies and is focusing on an ever smaller set of products because they bled money quarter after quarter, year after year. They used to be the king in the industry, now they're just another tech company. I can't wait until the same happens to Apple. Fucking arrogant company. That asshole is dead, so nobody will be able to save the business this time around.
Okay but where can you plug an aux cord?? If they do this. 
Hahahah suck it appletards 
Summary of comments:

Apple is making a huge and stupid mistake because I, as a subscriber to /r/gadgets (a forum the general public would be uninterested in), do not like it.

It's like everyone here can't grasp the concept that other people might appreciate this. I've been waiting for something like this for at least two years.
&gt;incorporating a tiny DA (Digital to Analog) converter into the connector

Wow, this claim alone makes me say bullshit. 

This would make all headphones way more prone to interference/error, not to mention the cost and the loss of quality. The best DACs available are usually of larger footprint and need additional components to function. No one would enjoy bulky plugs on their 'thinnest' phone.
Meh. This is probably about the new smaller iPhone. 6+ don't need no attachment. 
I think people put up with all these dedicated apple ports and cables and stuff but getting rid of the 3.5mm port is just beyond stupid.

[Also, they aren't the first to do it.](http://www.oppo.com/en/smartphone-r5/)
That's a bold strategy, cotton....
I gave up on apple years ago. Just another reason that I'm glad I did.
Same rumor, different model. 
But why...
I mean, it wouldn't totally surprise me - but this is just a rumour.
I guess Apple wants to atrophy itself. Why are they abandoning a standard everyone still fucking uses? So people would buy their overpriced headphones? 

Apple fanboys, I don't care how much you like Apple's shit, this is low, even for them. 
So are they going to make it out of carbon fiber? Because we all know thinner isn't better when it comes to aluminum.
If google, samsung, sony, or LG did people would drag them through the mud for it. 

but since apple is doing it people would be like " OH MY GOD so much innovation!!!!!1111"
Apple business meeting:

"How can we make even more money off the iPhone. We've already forced everyone to buy new products because we changed our charging/data port."

"I know! We'll get rid of the 3.5mm jack, and we'll make them buy another adapter for the Lightning port!"
The best way to charge $79.99 for headphones that would otherwise cost $10
Cool concept I suppose, but completely impractical even for home use. 
What the hell web developer thought it would be a good idea to intercept my scroll wheel and reimplement scrolling? 
Great to know about Li-Fi.

My question is:

Which generation (4g,5g,6g) will give us 224Gbps speed?
Since it's using visible light to transfer information. Can't you just use mirrors to get around the line-of-sight issue?
Lifi requires line of sight and static heavy devices; it's also never actually gotten faster than 50mbit ever. Whereas gigabit wifi is already a thing. 

Sorry but lifi sucks.
'Traditional Wi-Fi'!?!

What a world.
More like LIE-FI HUEHUEHUEH
The headline is incorrect, it doesn't do shit for your internet access, it only makes your local network access faster, and would only be practical in a few limited situations.
Useless technology is useless
Still my country fastest internet 50mbps with ridiculous price. And 10 upload speed i believe.
....and how are uploads supposed to work exactly?
Is this going to replace wifi as a standard or is this one of those nice ideas but totally impractical on a wide scale?
So, here's my big idea for where technology will eventually trend.

Instead of putting money into making mobile technology ***hardware*** faster / more compact we should instead be focused on making ***network infastructure and hardware*** faster and more reliable. 

If things like Li-fi or something similar become practical / wide-spread, all you would need is a central machine (a desktop) to do all the heavy-lifting. It would then just push the data to your mobile device, making them a glorified steaming device.  

This way, pretty much every cell phone or laptop could literally just be a hunk of a plastic with a network adapter and would have the performance of a full machine. This would allow companies to make lighter machines with bigger batteries and allocate more money into build quality.

It seems impractical now, but I definitely see this being the future, as network speeds and stability increase.  We're already starting to see the shift, with things like the Steam Link and Cloud computing (VMware).
that website changed my scrolling speed, which made me uncomfortable.
[Relevant TED](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iHWIZsIBj3Q)
1. This does not need *direct* LOS to function, just like your remote does not need it to change the channel. Light BOUNCES off surfaces.

2. You do not need any new infrastructure to use this besides LED bulbs and a photo-receptor somewhere in the room to pick up responses. This can be the ones inside your laptop screen, your phone, your lights, or a purpose built single LED that sits on your desk somewhere. Also, the camera usually built in to a lot of laptops or phones is perfectly able to serve as a receiver. Further, utilizing Ethernet Over Power Line allows you to not have to run specialized network cabling to every light source in the building.
I think a lot of people are misunderstanding the use of this technology. I keep seeing people saying its a useless technology because it wouldn't work at home. While you could use it in your home, unless you had multiple led lights in a room, its not very useful, and also **not the target**. For example, in offices and university buildings with large open plan areas, take a look up at the ceiling and see how many lights there are. If there was an access point through Li-Fi at each of these lights, then you start to see the benefits. You get the increased speed and security of Li-Fi while having to make little change to the infrastructure. 

The places where it would have the most benefit is places where wifi interferes with other critical systems such as hospitals and airplanes. Lights are already used in these situations without interfering with the radar and mri machines etc so Li-Fi would work too. 

It is not unidirectional as I have seen mentioned, it just requires both ends to have LEDs and photoreceptors, hardly expensive technology. The LEDs dont even need to be bright enough to be seen by the human eye and the rate of "flicker" would be above the frequency that the human eye can perceive. 
Absolutely useless. 


Li-Fi doesn't deliver internet access 100 times faster than Wi-Fi, it delivers 100 times faster local networking. When internet speeds will be fast enough to actually utilise that extra speed is anyone's guess.
great!  Now I'm going to need tinfoil glasses to stop the government seeing my thoughts.
I like watching netflix in the dark... this LiFi deal will cramp my style.
[Great video about it.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wqH9KX9o0vg)
Okay now what if this was used in say a lighthouse for ships to receive information on like weather and maybe tv or whatever. Or maybe an emergency floaty with a light on the top that tells people what happened and their current heading or something...
Would this work over infrared waves, or any light that pierces thorough walls. 
Hey I just gave a presentation on this for a cool topics fair in my cs seminar. It's pretty cool stuff! 
I'm not sure if this li-fi is super fast or if I'm having another seizure.
What happen when I put my LiFi smartphone in my pocket?
However, Li-Fi may not be the go-to internet provider for most people due to its reliance on visible light. The technology website points out that visible light cannot travel through walls, giving Wi-Fi a significant advantage for most home and office consumers. Many people are also concerned with the potential cost of constantly running LED lights to provide a consistent stream of internet, making mass use unlikely.

The idea of Li-Fi was first introduced in 2011 by German Physicist Herald Haas during a TED talk. A year later, he founded a company named pureLiFi to focus on new advancements in the sector.

Deepak Solanki, CEO of Velmenni, said that the technology could be available within four years. "Currently, we have designed a smart-lighting solution for an industrial environment where the data communication is done through light,” he said. “We are also doing a pilot project with a private client where we are setting up a Li-Fi network to access the Internet in their office space."
My main question is ... how bright does the light have to be? Does it have to be in the visible spectrum?  I live in what is a called a house, and it has what are called shadows ... does that mean lag all day? Does my laptop need a light to send back ? 

All nice and dandy until some dust breaks your connection 
Sounds similar to the technology Nikola Tesla created for electricity. Cheers to the designers, hope the product makes it to production. 
Hi, I did research on this area (It's been a while and I was only an undergrad during research over a summer), but I can answer some more technical questions if anyone has some.
you know whats better then this? a cable
The Fi is a Li.
Awesome, you only need to invest a couple 100$ in weird "smart" LED light bulbs.
I still do not understand where these lights are getting their bandwidth from
Ignoring all of the problems with this, and assuming you got it to work, *why would you want to do this*? What purpose does it serve to move from one end of the EM spectrum to another?
Why faster WiFi? I rather have WiFi that has 100 times more range. 
How am I supposed to download while I sleep with the Li-fi light on?!
Internet connection cant keep up with my Wi-Fi as it is call me when they make an affordable 50GB/s internet connection.
Can we please name it something else, Li-Fi just looks and sounds lame.
LiFi nor WiFi provide internet access. An ISP does that. You still need a physical connection to an internet provider. And where I live you cant get data connections this fast anyways. So its completely useless untill your ISP and all of your devices can handle that much bandwidth.
So instead of buying an AC router, that's probably has a transfer rate 100x faster than your internet's download speed, you can buy a ton of expensive bulbs and have 1,000x the transfer rate as your download speed (and you have to stay in line of sight)...what a wonderful technology. 
Li-fi is interesting, but increased network speed inside the building is rarely useful. Hell most offices could go 100% wireless just fine, and they push much more data around than home networks.

Sure there's exceptions, servers, video media creators, cad files, etc, but if you need high speed you're wired.
Yeah, lets limit the actual internet speed, cap bandwidth and oh yeah, here is a new invention for LAN!!!!!! 
If the transceivers were small enough I could see Lifi being used for a data link to a wireless VR headset.
Why visible light? What if you want to stream a movie in the dark? We've got such a tiny spectrum in which we see...and these guys choose it. Why?
Let's think. During the day, lights are off. At night, when we are on our phones/tech in bed, lights are off.

Let's deal with getting gigabit Internet TO houses at a reasonable price first.
Imagine all the porn I could download now that the hassle of waiting is gone
Direct line of sight would be a massive issue in most applications. Hopefully they implement a signal bouncer/reflector for walls and doors to expand the viability of the technology. 
Are they making a slower version called Lo-Fi?
How are tech sites muddling this up?

Wi-fi is a network connection, not an internet connection.

Is Li-fi a broadband replacement, or a wi-fi replacement, or can't they make up their minds?
I suppose you could use it for interactive media such as pointing your phone in a direction and receiving the live stream. Would work cool with augmented tech.
Oh, so WiFi is traditional now?
FUCK YEAH !!! NOW I CAN BURN THROUGH COMCAST DATA CAP IN 2 SECONDS!!!!
So stupid.
Sounds similar to the technology Nikola Tesla created for electricity. Cheers to the designers, hope the product makes it to production. 
WOOHOO I'll bet we get screed even harder by providers when that gets deployed! Buzz Lightyear n' shit.
Doesn't matter how fast your WiFi is when its connected to overpriced internet that's traveling through shitty cables laid in the 90s. WiFi is not the problem. 
Is kinda sad to see how people receive technology and science news. Instead of asking and proposing, they just go "That's useless with todays technology" or "That's stupid". What have we become? Well, i'm kind of exaggerating but it feels like that. 
ELI5 how visible light is delivers information faster than radio waves?
~~internet~~
network
Meh it's not like WiFi is bottlenecking our Internet speed. We don't even need ac routers yet 

This is amazing!  Wifi is already 10x faster than my internet but I can get Li-fi and feel like I'm faster than everyone else!
What a nice read! Time to go to the comments and read how shitty the concept actually is!

I feel like this will be awesome for large companies, not home use. Maybe I have a low understanding of how it all works though. 
Illuminati trying to get rid of the last incandescent light bulbs.
I think that's a...LI! Hahhahahaah I have severe depression and contemplate suicide on a regular basis!
Breaking news
What about the visible light already currently in the room that hits whatever sort of sensor the li-fi receiver may use?
where can i buy this

I can just imagine all the light pollution this would cause if it were used on a large scale 
So, back when we read books and newspapers people often complained when someone "stood in their light", making it hard to read.  Then we moved to reading screens, computers, phones, tablets, etc., and that complaint disappeared.  Now, they may make that common again, no matter what you're trying to read.

I love progress!
Probably will be extremely expensive and taken over by comcast
Why not encode the data using gamma waves?
This is a terrible website.  The scrolling is fucked up on my macbook.
If you're interested in why this is cool but fairly useless technology have a read here on /r/electronics. https://www.reddit.com/r/electronics/comments/3u52dl/ive_just_read_about_lifi_localized_light_based/
GODDAMNIT!!!! Your huge head is in the way of my way internet!!!!
i will stay in the shadow ty anyways
I was expecting this to be an Asian joke.
Fodder for my imaginary vapor ware subreddits I will start someday
This will be a great contribution to the limited bandwidth dilemma, and also the limited frequency channel dilemma. Not a replacement, but very promising as a supplement.
Graphic in article is grossly misleading.  It implies that visible light has 1,000,000 times more bandwidth than infrared.  In reality, it is about 10 times.

The 1,000 bits per second is a limit *of the requirements of the application*.  Nobody needs to transmit terabits of data from their clicker to their TV.
I love how this keeps cropping up and getting shot down. It's about as impractical as those solar-panel road things that everyone was talking about for a while.
So someday soon I'll be able to connect to the internet through my light bulbs?
The key to this is you can add the lamps to any room you need it. And ethernet over PowerLine works. And works well. The problem comes with leakage with anyone that is on the second circuit. Even the transformer doesn't always block the signal so your neighbor might get interference on the powerlines. I converted from using access points a bridges at the house with the ethernet over PowerLine 4 years ago and haven't looked back. And I stream 1080p bluray rips Hulu and netflix and don't see buffering or slow surfing speeds
I want an internet that doesn't need a service provider. One day... One day...
I tried to explain this kind of speed to Mrs. Zanros and she just smiled. It wasn't until I explained it as every dvd we own digitised transferred in a second that she got it.
I wish they would've mentioned that the light spectrum is 10,000 times that of radio at least 10,000 more times.
It doesn't matter much how fat the last mile of pipe is. My home internet connection already tests at 50 megabits per second but I've never been able to get hat much total bandwidth on a big download. The server or latency between here and there always net out to something less. And in everyday usage I'm not making huge downloads. I'm waiting 20 seconds to see a 2MB GIF because my wifi sucks and my phone's browser can't handle it. So going to a 6,000 megabit home connection, sadly, doesn't excite me. We need the entire internet and every device on it, hardware and software, to be far faster than they are now to start seeing orders-of-magnitude changes in the internet speed we actually experience every day.
Line of sight communication? Reminds me of the old IR port!!!
But my home Wifi network is already like 10X faster than my Internet connection so why would i care anyway?
could you in theory, use lifi to communicate with our brave technology ship in outer space?
thinking for in house use here, it would be sort of possible to use li-fi but the house would need to be specially built, thinking the same sort of system that [powerline](http://www.very.co.uk/tp-link-tl-pa4010pkit-500mbps-nano-powerline-with-ac-passthrough--white/1379109868.prd?sku=sku15221902&amp;aff=google&amp;affsrc=acquisition&amp;cm_mmc=google-_-PLA+-+Electricals-_-Electricals+-+Computer+Accessories+-+Home+Networking+-+Powerline-_-_85148960938&amp;k_clickid=f9186a11-dfc4-4584-80d9-3968d5ced847&amp;gclid=Cj0KEQiAkIWzBRDK1ayo-Yjt38wBEiQAi7NnP4evvEuX8HS93FkT9Q_gGjDK7xE28Mr3Z2W_vocnkaUaAuqX8P8HAQ) works, having it so that theres a socet of some sort in the same area as your hub (will still have wi-fi for when you go outside)
I've been waiting for something like this all my Li-Fi
Dibs on "Tell my Li-fi love it"
I imagine this as needing a dongle with line of sight to the light, so it can't sit on your desk or your arm moving around will break the connection meaning it's on a wall somewhere that won't be between you and the light ever; no haze or smoke in the air, so factory floors are out of the question; and there can't be more than one of these lights within line of sight of your dongle or else the signals get mixed up, so I don't know how they did the office test unless it was only a single computer. 

Maybe I don't really know how normal wifi works but how is this going to be more effective or cheaper than just running a cable?
Cool I can hit my data cap in 1.5 seconds on a local network!
How much times will I see this thread?
ITT: Dumb fucks who think they're smarter than researchers. 
You can't even use it under the blanket,
I fail to see how would this technology be practical in everyday life. We can't just have light sources everywhere. Earth would be like a giant disco ball.
I swear I read "Another advantage is that the Light spectrum is 10000 times larger than that of radio waves" like 5 times in that article.
[13 minute Ted on this](https://www.ted.com/talks/harald_haas_wireless_data_from_every_light_bulb?language=en)
WiFi works in yard, and in the dark. This will not, unless they can transmit outside the visible spectrum for the latter issue. 
Just use Fiber Optics, faster and more reliable...
I hate to debunk this idea... But, the electromagnetic spectrum is HUGE in when compared to the tiny sliver of visible energy of 400-700 nanometers. Crap idea... But this got us to start using fiber optics years ago.  Youre just about 2 decades behind. 
Terrible idea with shitty execution
&gt; Since Li-Fi doesn’t utilize radio waves, one advantage of the technology is that it doesn’t interfere with other radio waves such as in aircraft or hospitals.

&gt;The signal being light also means the signal can’t travel through opaque materials such as walls meaning the technology will mostly be used as a supplement for Wi-Fi especially in restricted areas such as hospitals.

So it's great for hospitals! Except it isn't...

This isn't innovation, it's a science project. No, really, many high school science fairs have featured [data traveling as light with laser pointers](http://treehouseprojects.ca/audiolight/). (Yes, this is sending waves, however at the end of the day it's the same type of deal) Lifi is effectively this on a grander scale.
This won't work for the same reason IR didn't work. Light interference.
"Tested by Valmenni, a company based in Estonia" well, that's the first Estonia news I've heard in a while! 

Edit: Velmenni*
Right now the only thing you can take advantage of with that speed is sending files/anything over LAN, because Internet will take a loong time to reach those speeds.
Headache city.
How the hell you supposed to nick direct line of sight intermet from your neighbours? We have laser Internet at work. If it is just slightly foggy, it goes down. If a pigeon flies in front of the emitter/ reviewer,  it goes down. They are using tv remotes as an example,?!?! You need to be in the exact location and hammer the remote loads of times for it to work. And what about epilepsy?
So chinese knockoffs finally surpassing the original.
as a sysadmin
I hope this stuff NEVER gets popular.
Not until it's useable atleast.
Long live the RJ45!
And yet this helps me not... I get 15 Mbps download, and it's the best that I can get where I live. LiFi doesn't do much for me..
Can we get a TL;DR
Couldn't they have come up with a better name?

What's the point when our internet speed is already slow?  Thanks Comcast!
Yeah I'm not switching the names. I'm gonna still call it Wi Fi 
Can we just keep on calling it wi-fi?
Asking me about the code for the lifi so they could talk about they timeline
Super expensive tech which will likely be slower than cabled solutions at every stage of its evolution. They achieved 1Gbps so far. For wireless solutions, 802.11ac already does that and its theoretical ceiling is 7Gbps.

The marketing on this thing needs work. Where is the target market? Who will use this over existing options?
So I cant browse without the light on?
So this would go perfectly with a full mirror house,okay expect the outside,dont want to strangers to stare at my star trek underwear .
So chinese knockoffs finally surpassing the original.
Wires don't seem impractical compared to this.
My current wifi does fine thanks, atm!
Having worked with Haas, people are missing the point a bit. Don't think about it as it applies to you today (using Wifi to stream lolcats on your current devices) but instead think about the challenge faced by the up and coming internet of thing (IoT). 50 billion connected devices and sensors aren't going to fit on WiFi - interference in home and industrial environments is already a major problem. This could offer a significant leap in the right direction for a certain subset of future devices which are already technologically and financially feasibly in all aspects except for how to wireless connect them in a local network.
This might be retarded logic, but could you maybe piggyback li-fi on wi-fi? Considering that the light flashes are required, you could have a very basic, tiny camera that captures the li-fi data (light pulses) and sends all that data in a compressed packet through the wi-fi, and vice versa.
Uh.... how would it handle interference from, you know, sunlight?
"Tested by Valmenni, a company based in Estonia" well, that's the first Estonia news I've heard in a while! 

Edit: Velmenni*
Sweet, only the 100th article about this Ive seen on Reddit in a week...

It may be faster, but much more limited in use cases. Its not going to replace Wi-fi anytime soon, or ever. 
/r/crappydesign what a shit website.
Maybe we should worry about comcast speeds catching up to the speed of my 10 year old wireless router before we get excited about this. 
not a thing.
Great, now let's try to solve the whole life of site only issue. 
So, who knows, in a house just to get around the line-of-sight issue?
plus the internet you'd get at home is still &gt;100Mbps
can we point a receiver at the sun? Or other stars?
This would be good if I can have, say a li-fi light bulb right above my pc and then it would deliver a connection to my pc, but internet providers would probably charge a sh*t ton if they even decide to provide it 
And if Time Warner has it, then of course it's going to be incredibly slow. 
wifi travels at the speed of light so how is this possible?
Yay I'm so excited. This is probably going to become one of those things we read about and never actually get to use. 
The security and higher speed is good.  

But this does not increase bandwidth. 
It need light to transfer date so if we want to use Internet in bed at night we have to keep the light ON...😈😈
can it be used in an open ground,in a sunny afternoon??
No.... It can't be, IT'S A LI !!!!
THIS IS JUST FIBER OPTICS. Nothing new, nothing special...in fact it's shitty fiber optics
This won't work for the same reason IR didn't work. Light interference.
Those idiots, I already have a personal computer, why would I need to buy theirs?
Considering what it is, it looks surprisingly modern.
The man who wrote this article calls himself John Titor
256 bytes of ram is unfathomable to me. That's less than 2 twitter posts in ascii characters and you are over 256 bytes.
Oh man I need to tell my job about this! They can probably use parts from this on the computers at work.
If it didn't have a microprocessor, what could it do? Isn't that like the CPU?
Ah but does it have Retina display? 
It's kind of strange how the device is called the 'Kenbak', even though its inventor's last name is 'Blankenbaker'. 

It's like he didn't have confidence in his last name so he shaved off some letters from the front and back.
Those came out already?! 
Cool.  I would like to see if I could figure this thing out.  It has the bits physically represented by LED.  I have an idea how I think it works.
Was this the model on Malcolm in the Middle on the Yardsale episode?
So uh... what could this thing actually do? It says meant for educational use, but...how?
Not enough RAM dont buy it
But can it run Fallout 4?
Does it use HDMI, or Displayport? Those are the only inputs on my $30k monitor.
Probably will run Fallout 4 better than mine
Can it run windows 10 though?
BBC Article

[The man who made 'the world's first personal computer'](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-34639183)
The thumbnail photo of the computer made me think those black buttons were USB ports. I was very confused.
What can you even do with 256 **bytes** of RAM? 
That is a nice looking piece of equipment.
/r/IWIHT
I have an original Compaq luggable if anyone's interested.  And it works.
must have money and understand value to buy things for sale. eliminates all comments on this post. 
But can it run Crysis?
I love the housing. Could make a nice bench power supply with it.
Makes me wonder what my Old Vic20 would be worth now.
It has 256 bytes of RAM. 

about 10 years later the average computer would have about 16 kilobytes of RAM. In only a decade, personal computers became hundreds of times more powerful.
I want to see a sleeper computer.
BUD CAN ID RUN GRYSIS DOE :DDD
Ew a pre-built 
I want that case though, looks beautiful, maybe a different colour but the shape of it is actually very aesthetically pleasing.
Can it run Crysis tho?
It has 256 bytes of RAM. 

about 10 years later the average computer would have about 16 kilobytes of RAM. In only a decade, personal computers became hundreds of times more powerful.
THAT BELONGS IN A MUSEUM!!!
You guys think I could play Fallout 4 on this?
I should have saved my Timex Sinclair.
Was this the model on Malcolm in the Middle on the Yardsale episode?
Will it run fallout 4?
Keep in mind that it's probably obsolete by now.
Imagine a Beowulf cluster of these!
I'll pay $19 cash right now for it.
THAT BELONGS IN A MUSEUM!!!
Personal computers started to appear in the late 1950s, about 15 years before this Kenbak.  In this early era, most computers used analog signals.

A notable such early personal computers was the [Heathkit EC-1](http://www.old-computers.com/museum/computer.asp?c=787&amp;st=1), which first appeared in 1959 and which came in both kit and pre-built form.
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/redditfox] [\[\/r\/gadgets\] One of the world's first personal computers is up for sale \[chart in comments\]](https://np.reddit.com/r/RedditFox/comments/3s0z9t/rgadgets_one_of_the_worlds_first_personal/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
Why would you want that. I bet it can't even run Skyrim.
What?? I'm not buying that piece of shit. 
a  e  s  t  h  e  t  i  c  
will this run Fallout 4?
Will it run fallout 4?
But does it run Crysis?
....except that it's not a tattoo. 
... the snippet about pulling up all your credit card and id information through 'the system'.


nope. 

So, he made NFC stickers, that apply with a wet towel?

One of these is going to end up on someone's penis.  I don't know why.  I just know it is going to happen.  I'd be honestly surprised if it hasn't happened already.  
Anyone besides me just catch a whiff of *Burning Chrome*?
I didn't ask for this
Nice, now lets get them to the level from the book Pandora's Star
sooo, what happens when your tech tattoo shorts?
The idea has potential, this iteration is stupid. And for some reason that guy looks very punchable. 
Aaaaaand I my poor circuit design shorted and burned off a piece of my skin.
This is how the end starts.
Cue fundies decrying them as the mark of the beast.
How it gonna detect ass cancer with 2 circuits on my arm? 
As and Electrical Engineer and ruiner of fun, I would love to run around with a huge magnate and destroy everyone's ID and Health Records. 
We've already got conductive paint. All this is doing is adding a couple of LED's and a battery.
seems like the sort of thing most would dismiss but for some reason or another ends up taking over the world
A hipster with a valley girl accent selling a useless product for a company called Chaotic Moon. I'll pass.
mark of the beast.
I never asked for this...
Man everything is becoming tech :(
If this is safe for you skin I would love to have one. I take the bus everyday and I need to swipe my card past a sensor to pay for the fare. I would be so cool if this technology could intergrate it into your skin instead of my keeping a card. Maybe even for all my card that have this function too!!! Does the science check out?
Nice PR piece. But sorry, not buying it. Any reasonably functional electronics requires a power source. And if it has to sit on your skin there are all kinds of issues with heat, sweat tolerance, body chemistry, etc. 

There are alternative inductive power sources but none of these look like they have them. They do quick cuts each time the 'tattoo' circuit is shown without showing where the juice is coming from. Only time is when the guy puts a friggin' big-ass 2032 coin battery on his forearm after having dabbed on some conductive paint.

I know guys who have been working on serious subdermal sensor implants for years and THEY haven't solved a lot of these problems.

Sticking a bunch of LEDs, paint, and an IC chip ON YOUR SKIN is not new tech. It's something folks have been doing at Makerfaire for the last 5 years right by the kiddy facepaint area.

I'll show myself out.
And humanity is one step closer to treating themselves like high tech cattle
They seem cool, but I'm trying hard to come up with any ideas other than integration.
Yeah, right. Just imagine going through airport security with that thing. 
I never asked for this.
i would get a sleeve 
Next stop, ads that follow yoy everywhere you go. "I NOTICED YOU'RE TAKING A SHIT. WANT TO BUY SOME CHARMIN?"
What about ESD
If it gets to the point where I can have a Raspberry Pi on my body, then sign me up!
Who the fuck puts that kind of autoplay loop on their index page. I don't give a shit how good their product is, that choice in website tells me they have no common sense and make some real shit choices. 
When I read the title all I can do is think of Bender the OFFENDERRR and Fry's ass.
Anyone else a little tired of these demonstrations that show very little but describes in great detail what they could do? They haven't fully implemented biometric sensors (or describe how they would) or shown a complete nfc chip working. The challenge isn't in these half baked idea, the challenge is getting them to work.
what happens when I want to upgrade?
I feel like I've seen this in a movie and the government uses it to keep track of everybody.
Don't take it to Texas. They might think otherwise.
When are they gonna develop tech condoms that can send feedback of my overall performance back to my phone
I'm curious as to how it would monitor your blood pressure. 
I stopped reading at "LED lights"
Sounds dangerous. 
Not impressed. I expected it to use conductive ink to draw the circuit and use energy from our body as source of electricity.

Maybe I was hoping for something impossible, but this one is not a real tattoo.
I see two problems with the Wallet function

1. What happens if it rubs off or disconnects while I'm shopping and since I have all my money on my fucking skin now I need to go get it fixed, 2. What about someone hacking into it? You're telling me this is going to be 100% Secure enough for me to just wear around and have 0 vulnerabilities?
lawsuit waiting to happen
Next stop, ads that follow yoy everywhere you go. "I NOTICED YOU'RE TAKING A SHIT. WANT TO BUY SOME CHARMIN?"
In b4 "mark of the beast"?
They must have been hired by big brother to try and make this shit look cool. Definitely do not want that planted on my skin. Carrying a phone is bad enough.
I just bought some [tattoo ink] (https://www.sparkfun.com/products/10994&lt;ink.)
What's up with Vimeo always going black screen on me?
Did anybody else think of Ideocracy's barcodes when he started talking about the credit card stuff?
I have a dream about electrifying devices from Biothermal and static electricity. This make me hope this might be possible someday. 
OC tattoos from the Commonwealth universe anyone?
this is the stupidest fucking thing I have seen in *weeks*, which is like a decade in internet time. 
Have fun getting hacked..

"Other possibilities include being able to track a child in a highly crowded environment" Hmm yeah no. Don't want Jared stalking my future children when he's out in 15 yrs.
Quit pussy footing and just get the NFC implant then tattoo the region around it. 
we cyberpunk now.
Electoos!  40k did it first.
/s
So I'll ask the question. How long until I can watch porn on my arm?
the video on the page is like a parody of silicon valley startups fueled by buzzwords and terrible ideas. 
"Chaotic moon studios" and temporary tattooos? Everything about this seems like a 12 year old is in charge. 
Finally; a spotlight bat signal on my lady business
This video could legitimately be used on Silicon Valley.  No need for editing, even.
Fuuuuuuckkkk youuuuuuuuuuuuu
A hipster with a valley girl accent selling a useless product for a company called Chaotic Moon. I'll pass.
Amp stamp.
It doesn't seem very durable, besides that good job!
To be honest, they were talking a lot of bullshit with not much tech innovation to show for it.  Basically, they stuck some available electronics on skin and painted on some electro-sensitive ink.  That kid who built a clock has more leet cred.
&gt; a Tech Tat can be used to monitor stats like body temp, blood pressure, stress levels, and even heart rate.

It's like a really expensive and accurate mood ring.
Wow this would be awesome for my grandma who has to sit a few feet away from her heart monitor machine(I have no idea what it's actually called) once a week for a few hours so the doctors can get a reading.

She used to go to a campground a lot during the summer (like 2-3 weeks) but had to stop going as much because of this monitor she has now and this "tattoo" would be perfect for when she's out of town.
mark of the beeeeeast! heresy! jesus will shoot youuuu!
Sign me up. Right now.
[deleted]
This is absolutely ridiculous.  It's already been made obsolete by wearable devices like the Apple watch.
I want it. now.
This really disrupted my search for legitimate tech news.
this is fucking awesome I want one
Wow, we've really gone full circle now haven't we?
Wouldn't it be the iPhone 6 Minus ?
4 inches is enough to satisfy any customer, it's all about how you use it.
I'll have to get it. Comparing my penis to the 6+ is getting sad.
ITT: people who have no idea that the iPhone 5/5s/5c had a 4.0" screen.
Yes, more options are a good thing. Glad Apple is finally doing this
How about releasing a 4-inch iPhone 6S instead of a "6c?" There's no denying there's a high demand for a smaller phone again. Why does it have to be a lesser model?
This is about the only time that 4" feels good in my hand. 
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD YES!!  I still rock the 5S because I don't want a larger phone.

I just hope the don't neuter the hardware specs on it.
Not everyone wants to carry a TV screen around in their pocket
Out of the iPhones I have used in recent years: 4s, 5c, 6...

The 4s was by far my favorite form factor.

 That was the slickest looking and most comfortable to use in my opinion. My 6 is honestly too big for my hand and it's awkward to hit that top corner without readjusting my grip.
I've always hoped for an "iPhone Mini" for those of us that just want a really cool phone without an enormous screen.
Behold, the iPhone Classic!  

I will gladly trade down from the 6S.  Especially if they move the power button back to the top so I stop adjusting volume everytime i try to sleep my phone (Grrr).  I miss being able to use my phone with one hand.
"6c" phonetically in Cantonese means "eat sh*t" 
Not sure if that would sell in Chinese market segment
Incredible, I know many people that will buy one of these.  The iPhone 4 body was perfection.
Sounds perfect. I've been using the iphone 4s since I started working. The battery life sucks, it isn't  as powerful as the new ones of course.  But looking at newer phones I've  been seeing people use I'm like "WTF is   that a tablet?" I don't think I would ever be able to get into these new phones because they are wider than bricks. But this looks like a new phone I'd actually get when I want an upgrade. Thank god all new phones aren't going to be 7 inches and 4 inches wide.
As someone with really massive hands (I'm 6'3 and have size 15 feet to give you an idea)... it's nice to have a phone that really fits your hand properly.  That said, is the iPhone 6/6S standard really too big for people's hands?  The 6S Plus is just a little uncomfortable for me, but I figured I could handle it.  I'm definitely not regretting the larger battery.
They need to make a small version of the full-version iPhone, not a junior version with reduced spec (aside from screen size). This holding a dinner plate to your head is ridiculous.
Smart move by Apple, so many of us have been left by the wayside wanting a new compact android phone. Unfortunately only Sony has listened, with a hefty price tag and questionable warranty. Hopefully this inspires other Android manufacturers.
I'm an android guy so it doesn't really bother me, but it's a problem with andoid OEM's as well. Just because a user wants a smaller form factor doesn't mean they don't want the flagship experience. 

ex) the moto g 2015 is the perfect size for me (~5'') but I don't want a budget phone I want a flagship phone. Too bad the moto x pure is 5.7'' There are literally NO flagships at this point that are around 5'' besides samsung (who I hate) and sony. There's the 5x nexus, but again it's not the flagship of the 6p. I wish OEM's would go back to releasing "mini" versions of their flagships now that they're getting so big.
"6c" is such a clunky sounding phrase. It sounds like you're saying "Sick See" or "sexy"
Finally! I've been dying for one since the larger phones strain my wrists more.
iPod

iPhone: iPod phone!

iPad: Big iPod!

iPhone 5: Widescreen iPod phone!

iPad Mini: Smaller big iPod!

iPhone 6: Bigger widescreen iPod phone!

iPhone 6+: Bigger bigger widescreen iPod phone!

iPad Pro: Bigger big iPod!

iPhone 6c: Smaller bigger widescreen iPod phone!


**edit:** critique accounted for
Incoming sexy puns.
That phone's gonna be 6c. 
I will buy if it's at least 64GB. But I can dream for a 128GB can't I? 4' is the perfect size. 
This is fantastic news. I was genuinely having to look towards the Samsung mini range for my next phone even though I really like iOS. 7 year iPhone user. 
Then and only then will I upgrade my 5S. I don't need or want a big phone. It gets me nothing and I lose out the ability to walk through an airport using it with one hand. Quite frankly, I was fine with an even smaller sized phone.
This is great news if it's true. I'm completely disinterested in larger phone screens. 
I wonder how battery life vs screen size here is gonna be affected. From what I understand, unless there's some battery breakthrough in place, it's not gonna be good. 
It's news like this that makes me want to just want to grab a developer by the shoulders and yell "WORK ON BATTERY LIFE"
"We've managed to shrink down the screen and components that you love in the 6 &amp; 6+ and make.... the 4in iPhone 6c! It's... revolutionary"


Phones are now almost entirely media machines... Small screens are useless.
[deleted]
Wish this had come out a little earlier. I was holding out on upgrading from my 4S because I wanted a small screen. Got the 6 just a few months ago. 
I love my 5c
edit : mine is first gen 5c with 16 gigs not that 8 bs it comes with now
itd be really great if Apple came out with a new* device, similar to the iphone, but dedicated to music only. they could go real minimalistic and take off the touch screen, maybe add a ring that you could spin through menus with.
I hope this happens. The size of the iphone 5 was perfect. My thumb could hit all 4 corners without having to tilt the phone, which would puts me at risk of dropping it.
That's it if this is true I'm finally ditching my iPhone 4s.

I fucking hate big phones. You're about to make me a fanboy if this is true, Apple!
So what you're saying is that there were no smaller options for me to choose from.
The real question here is why does that hand only have 4 fingers?
Finally now i can properly measure my penis.
I like where the article mentions the 5s device, and it being more than two years old. 

Gasp—queue horror movie soundbite! 
Being 5'4'', I really miss my old 4 inch iPhone 5s, because it was more comfortable for my smaller hands.

I could only go back if they made another iPhone with the same specs as the next gen but I doubt they would do so.
seems like a lame way to justify the rumor
It seems more likely that they'd call it the 7c.
I really like the 4s size. The 5s was approaching the size where it's becoming cumbersome. If they could make this the size of a 4 with the weight of the 6, this would be my next phone.
That three fingered Simpson hand though?
At this rate, we can expect 24-inch iPhone 24z in mid-2026.
I'm holding out for that 7DD.
Wow it just dawned on me that this is the first year in a while apple has not made a new iphone.
still use a 5s and ipad 4g lte.  great combination.  
&gt; As a final point, we should point out that Wang this past summer predicted a 4-inch iPhone 6c device would hit store shelves in 2015.

But that trick never works, Bullwinkle!
I doubt this phone will sell in Hong Kong :/
I imagine this news as the iPhone 7 in three different sizes. Not exactly 6C. Why do they assume it will be a 6C? 
IPhone Nano
Oh man I hope so. I'm on Verizon and the iPhone 5S is the *ONLY* phone that isn't the size of a goddamn baking sheet. I have decently large hands, but I like being able to reach the entire screen easily with one thumb. I'm not watching movies on my phone, I don't need a 5.5" display. 4" is perfect.
Remember when everyone was complaining that all phones were getting smaller and smaller every year? 
Good. I'm tired of phones too big to fit in one hand.
Every woman in my family would appreciate having a smaller iPhone as an option. Which is strange to me because they all carry a purse where they have the option to carry much larger phones.

I have a Nexus 5 and find it just slightly too large. I think I'd like to have an Xperia Z5 Compact.
Apple is making a ton of money off the same product in six different sizes and some people tend to believe they need at least two.  "I use my iPhone for calls and email.  I use my iPad when I'm home, and my iPad Pro for work...sometimes as a second screen for my iMac."
Where are our transparent phones, goddammit? Or rollup-able phones? Or modular phones? SOMETHING interesting?
Maybe not the cheap C feeling, but I think a 6 mini would do it. 

6C sounds like "eat shit" in cantonese chinese, i wonder if it would affect sales in the chinese market 
So what you're telling me is Zoolander was on to something?
Well, as long as the battery still lasts way too short and replacing it is near impossible that's all fine by me. I mean, there are more "features" of Iphones to be made fun of but those 2 are my favorite.
16gb, 5MP, $500!
Doubt it.
that actually sounds pretty interesting for me if the battery lasts a while. i still carry a dumb phone because size and battery.
Please please please, the iPhone 5 is the best size, I'm a guy and have bigger than average hands, the 6 is just too big 
Pissing my pants with unbridled excitement here...
still use a 5s and ipad 4g lte.  great combination.  
Hopefully they can make it more durable then the 5c; those things break with a flick of a finger
Why? By then the iPhone 7 will be rolling out.
This is sad.
I wish they'd quit gimping the specs of smaller phones.  I want the newer faster processor with generous ram and storage space and a smallish iPhone 5s sized screen.
I was so happy when i heard this. I had a 64GB iPhone six for a few months when it came out but ended up selling it and going back to my 5s for the sole reason of loving the smaller size. Battery life isn't great on the 5s and the lesser screen quality is definitely noticeable but to me, it's worth it to have a small phone again. 

My 5s is starting to show its age with the new iOS now, so I'm excited to see what they have in store.
I could never go back to a 4 inch screen. Feels like a toy in my hands. 
Yes, more options are a good thing. Glad Apple is finally doing this
This would be great. I wish they could find better use the bottom and top of the iphone however (near the home button and speaker) in order to provide a larger screen
Because Adele needs one on her next album, "33".
Sigh. Why does Apple get it? I do not want an iPhone but try finding a Android that isn't a monster phablet.
Using my 5s right now. I love the size of this phone. People under estimate the power of one hand browsing and texting.
Thank fuck for that. I thought I was the only one not liking giant phones. Even my iPhone 5s is a bit bigger than I'd like.
Can we please all admit that Tim Cook has no idea what direction to lead this company in?
Good on apple, the market for small smartphones is still huge, lots of people want a current iPhone without the size they've become
If they put out a little tablet everywhere.
That phone's gonna be 6c. 
There really is something nice about smaller phones; being able to comfortably work the whole screen with one hand. Since I already have an iPad I'd consider upgrading to a smaller iPhone as long as it was at least as powerful as my current 6.
It's not terrible, but I just can't do the same chip that the 5S as well in part because of the smaller phone.
Just got a 6s about a week ago, first iPhone ever and luckily my giant hands fit it perfectly. I've always hated giant, impracticality huge phones though so I definitely understand why someone would get it if they have smaller hands. 
Apple, release a full featured Iphone nano with a 3.0 inch screen and two day battery life and then I'd seriously consider buying one of your products. Till then I'm going to stick with Android and my 4 year old Sony Xperia mini St15i, nothing else comes close in terms of small size yet still fairly modern performance.
YES....

tbh, im getting sick of these bigger and bigger phones. its good to have smaller options again.
They're going to release it and even though the vocal minority complains about not wanting a big phone, only like 3 of them will actually buy it and it will flop hardcore.
If apple reads this, can you please make a 3.5 inch phone? (4s size with 6s power)
The 3.5 is a perfect fit, please apple, please make a 3.5 inch.
But...why?
The sheep are shrinking
That phone's gonna be 6c. 
A realy good one
Didnt apply say phones with big screens were failures and the 3.5 would live on? Love how now they have their note size phones.. apple for ya.
going to be hilarious when none of the "4-inches is perfect" people buy the phone, and sales are flat.
Pshh, whatever. I released a 4 inch that disappointed people years ago 
Yay for tiny hands!
A retro iPhone 5s will take my money.
What a coincidence I just released my four inch penis an hour ago.
I'm totally on board with this.  tOatally bro !   Totes mcGoats. 

No for real. If I could have the bestest camera and all the other goodies ( including the super touch push new shit) in the 5s phone I would sign up forever.  Update it very 6 month.  It's the right size and it's way tougher than the new 6 series.  
It annoyed me immensely when they gave us the option of supersize or really gigantic in the last roundup. I don't need a big screen on my phone, I need a small phone that's easy to carry. I have a small tablet for any mobile computing needs that can't be done on 4 inches or preferably even less.

Apple made a big deal about the iPhones being easily one-hand usable when they came out with the taller version 5... and then abandoned that in the quest for size uber alles in 6. So I'd be in the market for a more compact phone, if only the idiots wouldn't cripple it on purpose.

Make a set of phone with identical stats and hardware except for size, dammit. Let people choose what size they need.
And here I was wishing my Nexus 6 was larger. Every time I see someone's wee little &lt;5 inch phone, I wonder how the hell they even type on it, let alone enjoy a video. Then again, I'm 6'3".
So they will sell the iPhone 5s under a different name. 
Lemme guess. It's cheap iPhone model rumor season. 
I don't trust this... I am done with fake news... but if in case they launch i would buy it :P 
I think they meant in 2010
Dub-dub 2016. Wouldn't it make sense to shift the iPhone 7 back to WWDC releases and not the alternative models?

Also, here's what you *shouldn't* expect:

* The exact same specs as the regular 6S, you'll be gimped a generation behind if size is that important
* Touch ID
* NFC for Apple Pay
"6c" is such a clunky sounding phrase. It sounds like you're saying "Sick See" or "sexy"
I wish I could get my old Motorola Star-Tac flip phone back. That phone to this date is still the smalles phone I ever owned. The thing would work way out in the middle of no where in the woods that modern phones don't work. But once they got rid of analog cellular and the E911 requirement I had to get rid of the phone. Amazing phone.
Awesome! So glad I haven't upgraded.
Probably be a 7c by then
It reminds me of my iphone 5c...
C stands for cheap
If they make a 4-inch, praise god. I like being able to touch wherever I want.
For those of us with smaller hands, there's a feature on the iPhone 6 that allows you to thumb the entire screen without moving your hand.

If you double tap the home button without depressing it, it will bring the top half of the screen down to meet you.

That being said, I would still prefer the iPhone 5 screen.  The ergonomics of the 6 are unwieldy to me, and I drop it often.
Tim Cook: We are excited to introduce a revolutionary product. Fingerprint smudges are a thing of the past with our new keypad. This revolutionary keypad will be compatible with the T9 texting technology. 

The keypad will also protect your screen from the elements, and other hazards you may face. It's ultra thin design helps the phone fit comfortably in you pocket.  A retractable antenna has been added to get you through the dead zones. 

Introducing
 Apple Flip $399 
Apple Flip Air $499 
Apple Flip Air Pro $599 
Apple Flip Air Pro c $699. 
They won't call it 6c. That sounds like "shit" in Chinese. 
3.5 was kinda better, in my opiniong...
But... Why??
Don't forget about the Asian market. They have smaller hands so they are probably driving this push. Same thing happened with the original Xbox controllers. 
Phone for ants
All of my apple friends told me that "android phones are too big" when I got my galaxy s3. Now that this shit is announced none of them will shut up about how great it it to have a huge phone they can spend more money on.
This would be perfect for me. The Nexus 5 is a little too large for me to use comfortably (my current phone), and my old iPhone 4 died a long time ago.
I guess they want their phones to fit in the pip-boy.
I'm ready to hang up the towel for iPhones/smart phones. I spend hundreds on phone after phone and each time, careful or not, the screen cracks from something. This of course after I spent $50-$100 on a screen protector/case. And, it constantly is overflowing with storage usage. Not to mention constantly going over my data. Sure, that's my fault (and more to do with the carrier/provider), but why not have smart phones include an unlimited data plan? I know my fiance is "grandfathered" into AT&amp;T, and has no limit. Unfortunately for me, they don't offer that anymore. Overall, the thing burns a hole through my wallet and is more of a headache than it's worth. 

Yeah I think it's time for a flip phone and a cheap laptop. That'll do.
Android Master Race
Steve Jobs is probably turning in his grave.
That's far too large to fit inside of my ass!
Why...why...why. Nobody wants a 4" phone anymore.
One word: Asians 
I'm sure they'll put a 8MB camera in it, less RAM, and no storage AND charge you more. The sad part is you sheep will buy it.  (Ie- iPad pro)
Can Apple get any more boring? RIP Jobs
Ok. Can I next have full qwerty keyboard? Nokia N950 would have been so amazing.
And a perhaps a 3-incher in mid-2017? 
I don't understand all the hype around apple products they are all over priced based on the specs inside there products your only paying for the brand name. I have just setup a website that sells unknown brands and you get so much more for your money take a look at what we offer at www.cybermobilephones.co.uk
Ever wonder how Apple keeps up the so-called 'innovation' by just playing with the form factor alone? I thought they were different. Looks like they are just sucking our soul, oops, I meant - pockets.

Oh! Actually, all Smart phone companies do that these days. 

How about reducing the size, but making the phone more powerful, say bigger better RAM, processor, battery, etc.? That would be something different. Ain't it?
I had to look again to be sure this wasn't The Onion.
Apple might copy another vendor. 
Wow. And the sheep will buy more of the same shit.
They're doing this so BlackBerry doesn't steal back the corporate world, by making phones that will fit in suit jacket pockets.
It’s only November, but Apple’s 2016 iPhone plans are starting to crystallize slowly but surely. According to a short message posted on the Weibo network by IHS Technology Research Director Kevin Wang, Apple is planning to release a 4-inch iPhone 6c in mid-2016.
Fuck 4-inch phones. Who wants that?
The video is 5% of the page...
I can't be the only one impressed you could power it with a AAA battery.
Would it be possible to link dozens or hundreds of these together and create a very powerful computer, or not worth it?
I wish I knew how to program things so I could have fun with something like this. 
I'm throwing one into a gameboy color. That's my new project. I love that they left the gpio unpopulated. 

Edit just picked up 3 from microcenter Ahhh yeahhhh they were almost out too

http://i.imgur.com/h7ovpX7.jpg
What other resources are needed for a child under the age of 10?
Is it easy (and cheap) for someone who knows nothing about coding to make this into an emulator for games? I heard these can be made into a n64 emulator 
I’m thinking about making this an AirPrint server for my USB-only printer
I thought this was going to be a video explaining the cost of each component that goes into the Pi Zero.
Can I plug speakers and a reed switch into this and make a door play Seinfeld noises when it's opened?
This is interesting. This is going to better our future 
Here's a video= puts link to ad based site 
This is one of the greatest things especially for very poor countries to help educate the poor with digital books to save time. possibly even allowing children needed to stay home with family to help farm, get home schooling at least a few days a week and go to school at least a few hours a week. 
In Canada, the headline would be "Pi Zero, The Computer That Costs $31."

Sigh.
Gah, LI-nux with the open I sound is the way I pronounced it in the 90's when I'd only ever seen the word in print. I spent many years trying to train myself to say lin-ux (rhyming with fin or lean) after hearing more folks pronouncing it that way. To English people, like our narrator, pronounce it LIN-ux (rhymes with Line)?
[deleted]
Man I love raspberry pie!! 
Yes but the accessories will cost you 50
If anyone was interested in purchasing:
Pi Zero has completely sold out, less than a day after being released:
https://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/3uhf3l/raspberry_pi_zero_computer_has_completely_sold/
This is insane...I want one.
how well does it run windows?
It's a computer (which you're **LITERALLY** using right now if you're reading this),

that costs $5.

Why the fuck do you need a video to explain this incredibly simple concept?
In Canada, the headline would be "Pi Zero, The Computer That Costs $31."

Sigh.
So the video was cool but before I saw an ad for a website called "http://vote4energy.org" where they want you to vote for more oil production and mining. Does anyone know how I can actively vote against that? 
I want one and I don't even know why. What are possible uses for one of these?
But can it run crisis?
So basically I spend $5 for the privilege of wasting countless hours trying to figure out something gimmicky to do with it before it ends up in a landfill a couple of months later.
[deleted]
&gt;artificial ear


You mean a microphone?
They've been doing this for power stations for at least the last 10 years. Accoustic analysis can detect faults in a steam turbine with the same accuracy as a manual inspection with the added advantage of not having to shut down the turbine.
Knock sensors in car engines "hear" the problem, and the engine brains (ECU) adjusts the ignition to correct it.
So it seems hearing a machine for problems is a some 30 year old idea.
There is nothing new here. Predictive modeling of failures have been going on for at least 30 years. I designed some of this stuff myself 25 years ago. Here is a more recent paper.

www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0898122110002555

All this is normally done with microphone fixed to the equipment. This captures the sound the equipment makes and runs an FFT on the data, giving you the energies at various frequencies that are produced by the equipment. This is stored as a standard reference, then continuously compared with future samples. When frequencies start to spike where they should not, the equipment should be repaired prior to a catastrophic failure occurs.

What I "hear" these folks doing is PR.
Ha, I designed something similar for cars for my senior design project. The idea was that you place a couple microphones and accelerometers (for the really low frequency stuff) inside the car. The idea is that changes to the sounds/vibrations of how the car operates can help detect developing problems or pin point the problem. 
Good for him, probably works great on high speed equipment (&gt;500rpm), but it won't do shit for low speed equipment. Trust me, I'm a maintenance and reliability engineer, I have $40,000 worth of diagnostic tools and I still can't pick up on a bearing failure at 60rpm. The signatures just aren't significant enough.
You call a sensor "artificial ear" and suddenly people go "ooohh, aahhh."

So, he has "discovered" the engineering art of vibration analysis and failure detection. I wonder if he has joined the Vibration Institute, a professional organization for Reliability Engineers, and if he subscribes to the free trade magazine Sound&amp;Vibration?

If only there were a website where you could look things like this up, some sort of searching machine.
Finally I can whisper death threats to the machines before I kill them.  And they can hear me.
I was so confused after reading the article. Thought the headline said "Marines".
I wonder when they'll have an artificial ear to hear when the artificial ear is about to break down
same concept as a knock sensor in engines, which have been used for 30+ years now
This article is beyond dumb. We've had the ability to remotely monitor fan speed and even fan voltage (to detect a fan working harder than it should due to resistance/debris/clog) for a very long time already.

And any company too stupid to check the ventilation when their equipment is overheating deserves to pay for the support tech to fly out there and tell them "you need to clean the vent".
This sort of stuff has been out for a while, but in the form of sensing irregularities in the vibration of a machine.  Which, I suppose, is the same thing as 'hearing', just a matter of scale.
Accoustic analysis can detect faults in a steam turbine with the same accuracy as a device made solely for audio recognition.
20 years ago I told my boss to glue an accelerometer to a machine and get its base line while it was running good and when it would go outside of this throw a warning. Now he it is I bet it is just a 3 axis accelerometer 3 small glued to a block inside a container.
Old invention, Dong Energy have been using this type of technology for years in their windmills.
What a load of shit.

It's basically this https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Condition_monitoring
which has existed for decades. Just some marketting bullshit.
A lot of people here are complaining that what's described in the article has been in existence for quite a while.

And while I'll admit that I have very little experience in what's discussed here, it seems that this device is taking the pre-existing technology and making it "smarter," as well as networked.

Sure, you can pre-program a computer to listen to a purpose-built machine and discern abnormalities in the sound/vibration.  But what the article describes is a manufacturer launching hundreds of the same kind of machine, each with the listening device.  All of them are listening &amp; comparing the signal with one another, till one of them says "hey guys, my machine sounds different than yours!"  A tech comes, looks, and sees what the issue is, and maybe even builds in a tag that says "these frequencies potentially point to $this_issue."  

Think about a TV remote, one that comes with the TV.  It's pre-programmed to work with that TV, and that TV only (well, maybe others of the same brand/model).  However, you can pick up a programmable / learning remote and use that to control any TV, either by programming in the code, or for some, you can point the TV's own remote at the new remote, press "volume up" and the new remote stores that command on its own volume up button.

Here, the computers are learning what sounds normal, what sounds like a clog, sounds like a bad bearing, etc.

  

^(edit: added the bit about the remote, forgot about it at first)
Can it be pierced?
[deleted]
And so it begins...
any indication if the heart rate sensor is accurate during work outs? That was the bugaboo with my initial Basis band and its put me off investing in any new one since.

Also, is there/will there be an iphone app or android only?
I've been using the Mi-band for a year now. It gets he job done and is incredibly cheap. The pedometer on the one I have is as accurate as the the treadmill I use. I liked it so much I bought them as gifts for a few friends. I'll definitely upgrade. 

Mi-tv is also pretty useful and 1/3 the price of Apple TV

I've been using the first gen Mi Band pedometer/sleep tracker as an Android Smart Lock device for probably a year now. I installed the modified Android app so I can use it for notifications (vibrating and colored lights). It's well made for its price, lasts 40 days on one charge, and even survived a run through the laundry. But the app is very basic and if you want to export all the data you need a third party app. Shipping was almost as much as the device itself. If you're even a little serious about working out you're likely to overlook this for a lot of reasons, but if you or someone you know just needs a basic monitoring device for health reasons it's $15.
The pedometer only has a range of 20 meters, which is not sufficient if you wish to track pedophiles at a greater distance.
How does Xiaomi handle user data? Can we get access to it,  or are they like Fitbit? - - Look but no touch... 
xiaomi  is pronounced "sheee-Owl meee" and Not. "Zao meee".
I've never had a HR wrist band but I'm going to assume you get what you pay for in thus area. Would love to ve corrected though! 

My jawbone up lasted about a week so I've been put off cheap things.
Set to go on sale for "singles day"?  I guess I can see why this isn't a highly marketed holiday, but I've only got two days to find myself a gift.
Does anyone have an idea whether Mi band or Pivotal living tracker is the better tracker??
where to order? 
I've owned one of these and they are great.

My only complaint is the band is not very secure. 

I lost mine because of that band.
Does anyone have an idea whether Mi band or Pivotal living tracker is the better tracker??
I've been looking for a sleep tracker replacement for my moto 360 since it's kind of bulky to wear at night and has generally poor battery life. Anyone know if this will work?

Looking to buy this in Toronto 
Wow never heard of this company before but I hope this comes out on amazon or ships to the US soon!!
You can only buy them in person for like 15 minutes a day at one of their locations in China, and only 1 per person per day.  Pretty weird, but my whole family has them since my brother lives close to their store.
Awesome, accorsing to the posts it gets the job done, now that its so cheap, I would love to see games embrace peripherals more. 

Like an Alien: Isolation with a Heartrate - noise linked gameplay mechanic
Me track you long time. 
And you shouldn't drop a watch for decades to come.
Just ordered mine tho geekbuying, fingers crossed for real product/fast shipping 
Been using mine since May. Zero issues. Great band. Holds me accountable.  Wakes me up. Tells me when I'm getting a call. All for $15 with free shipping eBay.  
The addition of the heart rate sensor makes Xiaomi more attractive.
Looking to buy this in Toronto 
thisi is a good price :D
can i use it to unlock my device?
I think it's already for sale on [Amazon](http://www.amazon.ca/Xiaomi-Lightweight-Wireless-Bluetooth-Bracelet-black/dp/B015DWA3SS/ref=sr_1_26?s=wireless&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1447084301&amp;sr=1-26) - unless this is a different model or something?
[deleted]
When/how can I get it in the US and would it work with iOS?
Hope this new cockring will fit in my pocket
No screen is a deal breaker.
Protip:  These bands are about as accurate as your best guess.  Which is to say they are useless for getting data.  

Now if they motivate you by reminding you to move or by incentivizing you to push your fitness tracker numbers then sweet.  They are worth exactly as much to you as you *decide* they are and more power to you.  

But don't drink the kool-aid and start believing that these things are telling you much of anything with accuracy. 

EDIT:  Cool downvotes, bros.  Sorry if I insulted your fitness trackers.  But, you know... *facts.*

[source 1](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sciencetech/article-3204657/Is-fitness-tracker-LYING-Activity-monitors-inaccurate-readings-forms-exercise-study-reveals.html)

[source 2](http://www.wsj.com/articles/wearable-fitness-gadgets-fall-short-on-accuracy-but-theyre-good-cheerleaders-1420820247)

[source 3](http://www.techtimes.com/articles/27248/20150118/fitness-trackers-up-to-40-inaccurate-fitbit-jawbone-nike-others-tested-in-new-study-which-performed-best.htm)

[source 4](http://www.cheatsheet.com/gear-style/the-biggest-problem-with-activity-trackers-theyre-inaccurate.html/?a=viewall)

etc.  

 
As someone with a HR tracker... 

I would NEVER purchase one where I couldn't check my active HR. 
If I can buy it physically in a store, I'll buy it. If I have to jump through 80 hoops to buy one, not interested.
[deleted]
Does it sync well with a mApple MiPhone?
Man, I'm in the middle of looking up Phantom drones right now and I'm taking a Reddit break. Then I see this. Idk, the Phantom still has a damn good camera and everyone says that the Parrot takes getting used to. Every review of the Phantom says that it's simple as can be, even for a first time flyer. Lots of more videos to watch. Sigh. 

I did buy the first Parrot AR Drone some years ago, when it came out. It was not great; it had a very very bad camera (two of them, I think) and a styrofoam frame that would break easily (and if you tried to repair it with Scotch tape, the thing would be tilted because of the weight of the tape, and not fly straight anymore).

I then bought the DJI Phantom 1 and was very happy with it; and now I have the Phantom 3 and am I glad I have it! It's super stable, super sturdy, takes amazing pictures and videos, is hardware stabilized with a super efficient gimbal, has a flight time of over 20 minutes and a range of around 1km.

It's actually so stable you have to have things move in the frame to be sure the video didn't freeze.

Why would anyone buy a Parrot now that DJI exists, is a mystery to me.
Sometimes I have to pinch myself to remind me that I now live in a time where stuff like this is possible. Ten year old me would have creamed his pants at the thought. 
Has anyone used a VR headset with one of these? This sounds like a really unique experience.
I bought a Parrot head unit for my car and it is so terribly buggy and under-coded.  Will never buy another Parrot anything.
You could spend 999 and just get a phantom 3, that has so many features it's insane. Especially with the new update. I work in TV and when I first got it, skill was required now with all the add ons ANYONE can get great stuff. 
[Casey Neistat broke it on the first flight!](https://youtu.be/QhG4FJXI5Qg?t=7m25s)
Anyone else come in hoping for a cowboy bebop reference?
"To make sure the videos are sharp, all the image stabilization is done with an software image processor"

That should be with *a* software...., not "an" software!! Learn to write properly!!
I had to read the title like 10 times to understand what it was about
Oh wow that is awesome. I just bought my first drone (Syma 5XC) and I know the fly time sucks but I am super excited about it, seeing that companies are now being able to increase fly time is awesome.
I was expecting some bizarre kind of avian-inspired jazz fusion
[Casey Neistat broke it on the first flight!](https://youtu.be/QhG4FJXI5Qg?t=7m25s)
Beautiful drone :)
I am up voting for the name alone , Love the Bebop, I hear they are making a live action movie  but I have no details 
I used to sell these and we stopped carrying them at the hobby store.  No flight time compared to the 350 series from blade or dji phantom, we were unable to sync in the store to either android or iPhone, and just overall janky.  Also, no replacement parts for when you crash (not an if situation.)  Don't waste your time or money.  Matter of fact check out hobbyking.com, or dji, and build your own.

Edit: incomplete thoughts, much like life.
I've almost purchased the Phantom three times now, but I just can't bring myself to do it. My problem is that out of the hundreds of available models, the only two things I really care about are a live video feed, and the maximum range. Don't get me wrong, I like flying RC helicopters (the little 30 dollar ones you see at malls at the time now), but I really just want to go exploring my neighborhood and other areas from the sky. 

With that being the case, every time (EVERY time) I read about someone doing something unforgivably stupid with their drone that threatens to ruin the hobby for everyone else, it seems to be someone with the exact same user profile as me (i.e., someone flying around the drone outside of visual range to see how cool everything looks from a couple hundred feet up).  I don't want to be one of the morons who ruins it for everyone else, so I never actually pull the trigger.

With the flight capability these drones have, their potential for causing danger or destruction when used carelessly, and the lack of consistent rules that tell someone EXACTLY what they can and cannot do with their drone, I just don't think drones are something any idiot with 1000 bucks to spare should be able to buy. 
I imagine this could be used to set off speed cameras for unsuspecting motorists in 30mph zones.
I'll get a drone once they achieve an hour of flight time for under $500. 
Source:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XFfwXsr48kM
Good luck trying to find those balls in the bushes
This shit is nuts.  All I had was a fucking suction cup dart gun and the suction cup part broke off.
There is NO REASON why anybody would need a fully automatic, extended clip nerf gun. It's not for hunting -- if you're such a bad shot you can't hit a deer with the first half dozen nerf balls, you shouldn't be hunting in the first place. It's also not for self defense -- a standard clip and semi-auto weapon is just fine for that.

When will America embrace rational nerf gun restrictions like the rest of the world? Our nation leads the world in nerf gun violence, yet congress ignores the problem -- primarily because the nearly all-powerful nerf gun lobby has too many key congressmen in their pockets. So, while literally BILLIONS of American school children suffer from ever escalating levels of nerf gun assaults, the nerf military-industrial complex continues to churn out more and more awesome nerf weapons and rake in record profits.

It's one of our great national tragedies, but nobody is willing to lift a finger to stop it. Sure, parents cluck their tongues and lament the nerf escalation, but they accept it as inevitable. It's NOT. Write your congressman today and tell them that the insanity has to end.
why not just use a set up similar to a paintball gun. the balls are in a hopper. makes loading easier. Also, picking up 108 tiny rubber balls after like 10 seconds of shooting....that's gotta be a huge pain.
What kind of sociopath shoots 108 balls into the bushes?!
Why did you link to a click-bait article instead of just to his video?
i wish the video included him trying to find all of those balls. watching him shoot them off the wall into the bushes bothered me more than it should have. 
Oh cool a pop up ad, I guess I'll never read the article beneath. 
Whaaaaaat. I think I need this in my life.
There actually is a pretty big community for modifying Nerf Guns. If you want to check out more things like this: www.nerfhaven.com 

Or if you're looking for some real bad ass shit this guy makes his own from scratch: http://www.boltsniper.com/ 
*Youtuber modifies his hair to hold 108 canisters of hair gel, 2x more than it normally could*
Next time can we please link to the youtube video instead of this crappy popup filled non mobile friendly site?
". . .Has Virtually Unlimited Ammo . . ."

TIL 108 is virtually equal to infinity!
As he talks about the internals, he is very irreverent of the Nerf people's design

[edit] I was watching the Drac video. This stupid article. 
Haha kinda cool. Legit question from someone who only knows about guns and not nerf though, Isn't full auto bad if the amount of projectiles per second is too low to saturate the flight path? I think i'd rather shoot it semi-auto for accuracy.
That guy has a lot of balls
Why would you submit this article? Why not the video of the actual content creator?
'Virtually Unlimited Ammo' does *not* mean 108 balls. Close, but not really.
Why do i keep seeing this damn unicorn shitting.
"Hi, I'm Out of Darts", well then... You better go and buy some more! 
[There's actually a pretty big nerf modifying community, its a fun hobby](http://nerfhaven.com/index.html)
What a waste of perfectly good cheese balls
Is nerf a monopoly? I can't think of any other brand of foam firing toys.
That's not fair, Nelson. They didn't have the Killmatic 3000 back then.
Hey, records from that era are spotty at best.

&gt;keep you shooting basically forever.

It runs out of ammo after ten seconds on full auto.
Your scientists were so preoccupied with whether or not they could that they didn't stop to think if they should
good thing his channels not named out of balls, that would have been a risky click..
"Has Virtually Unlimited Ammo"

apparently 108 is "virtually unlimited" now
That guys sure is good with his balls.
Sounds like this guy worked a number on OP's mom too! ^*zing*
&gt;In addition to this the exterior design of the phone was designed to deliver extra water **mage** protection.

Wow, that really IS good.
Japan why you keep the best
"...provides protection even against war water thus you can take a warm shower with it."


If it vibrates, Mister, you just sold a phone
I have been doing that with samsung galaxy actives for a few years now.  just hopped out of a warm shower.  great shower radio, watch youtube catch up on instagram &amp; a little pornhub, thus the need for the soap bath with these shower proof smart phones.  but really, cleanest phone on the planet, mine gets washed a few times a day...  this will never end! happily.. 
Why would you need to wash your phone with soap?
Ima take this phone and soap up my balls
No mention of specs besides it's being made by Kyocera. What's the battery capacity? Camera? Size? And Price?
I already wash my phone with soap daily. No case. Samsung s5 
I've been doing this with my xperia z2 for 2 years 
I've had a waterproof phone since I downloaded iOS 6. I bet you can't even charge this lame-ass phone in the microwave.
Just don't drop it... ;)
Z1 User here... Can confirm, I have been washing my Phone with soap, swiming with it in open sea water, diving 2 meters deep... Still working fine and using reddit now. 
sony beat ya to it

What? I washed and showered with my xperia z3 compact all the time, I didn't realise these were additional features..
Can I keep it in the freezer have have an IceSoapPhone?
I'm confused. My Galaxy S5 already does this... Sony also produced a phone before that was also waterproof. I'm unsure if the Sony one was released in the states.
Is soap really that bad of a problem, I understand soap can get in the phone BUT do people really get soap that close to their phone to begin with.
I can wash my Samsung S5. And I took a call from my mom in the shower the other day!
Does this imply a standard water proof phone can't handle soap?
&gt; protection even against war water  
  
This sure is something new
Best phone to smuggle where the sun don't shine.
Yes, but can it stand up to ice soap? Reddit demands to know...
Could I freeze soap shavings in a block of ice so that I have a convenient, portable way to clean my phone?
It also has the advantage of sounding like a reggae artist.  "Hey mon, deedja heya dat new Digno Rafre riddem day was playin'?"
*curls in ball on floor*
FUUU---turrrrrre!!
Someone run this thing through a full dishwasher cycle. If it survives, then we can say its fully waterproof.
For some reason I read this as soapphone, a phone you can wash with......
Serious question: How do you guys clean your non-waterproof smartphones?

Disinfectant wipes?
I bet $100 that the warranty doesn't cover water damage. You can say "100% waterproof!" all you like but until you actually cover that in the warranty, like fuck am I going to actually buy one and/or test it out. My waterproof camera lasted about 3 times in water before it broke. Bastards
in case of war water take a shower. got it thanks
Lifeproof FRE cases already do this, and I can still remove the battery, swap the SD card and change SIM cards. So far it looks like this phone cannot, and will most likely be ridiculously expensive for the variantions in memory (just like Apple). $100 more for &lt;50gb that cannot be removed VS $70 for 256gb more that can be. 

How do consumers fall for this BS? 
Sony xperia Z soup

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C06BIp_amlw
soo when can someone in the USA get one?
A digno ate my baby!
Im located on Mars, would I need this phone? 
So this didn't say "Dingo Warfare"...I like my version better.
As /u/Powersw1tch points out below, just because Sony (or somebody else) says it is "waterproof" don't believe them.

You should always look for *certified* waterproof devices, which means either MIL-STD 512.5 – Immersion or IP Liquid ingress protection 8
I don't know if you guys know this, but you can already waterproof your phones. 
Yes...but how does handle human urine? No reason. 

I hope the senate dies ASAP
It protects against war water? Well thank god I can get a phone that I can dump in WWII trenches now. 
what about those Sony xperia's tho they are water resistant?
What happens if i drop it?
It has a "self-healing layer in the rear"

What does this even mean? 
Ahem S6 active
What? I washed and showered with my xperia z3 compact all the time, I didn't realise these were additional features..
I already use dish soap on my S5. I've cleaned it 6 times now in the last 2 years or so now. Just did it last week. But I feel I have to be a bit quick when washing though, and not to lather too hard. This is a cool concept though.
Sweet! Finally porn while I shower! 
Who da fuck takes a phone in the shower? Let me guess... Generation Facebook? 
Meh - my Galaxy S5 was IP67 rated... essentially water proof, and that was tested multiple times by dropping it in the pool (on purpose)

It was fun and all but I love my Nexus 6P way way more now anyway. 
soo when can someone in the USA get one?
what about those Sony xperia's tho they are water resistant?
This is way better than my -ClothPhone- SmartPhone
I saw a Moto rep purposely chucking it around the Verizon store to demonstrate the durability when I upgraded my phone a few weeks back. Fun stuff.
Check out this new technology! We call it "Plastic".
TLDR: "a scratch-resistant layer. Motorola chose a user-replaceable peel-off guard."  
  
So. Mashable but easily replaceable.
&gt;the phone is a Verizon exclusive

No it bleedin' isn't. Residents of the *rest* of the universe can get it as the Moto X Force, minus the stupid Verizon logo and a bunch of bloatware.
I bought one and am using it currently I can't tell the difference to be honest between it and a regular screen so far I'm happy with it I upgraded from a note 3 that ibcracked the screen on haha
Traded in my beat to hell/ shattered S3 and got $200 off for around $420 out the door over 24 months.

No complaints, runs great, and I really like the Moto features. All I wanted was a solid and durable phone.

One thing is I'm not used to such a big phone. Lucky I have decent sized hands but reaching that top left corner of the screen is a bit of a stretch.
Who the hell is still drinking Zima? 
More than one review has mentioned that this screen will scratch, but how much more susceptible to scratches is it?  We've had some amazing advances with Gorilla Glass over the years in scratch resistance.  But with this new Motorola screen have we taken 2 steps forward with uncrackable screens, but taken 3 steps back in terms of scratches??  
As an owner of one I can't even tell the difference between this screen and my old droid. and honestly, the battery life and turbo charge are so fantastic i could careless. I needed a phone that didn't die after 3 hours, this gets me two days MINIMUM
Someone shooted at me and my Droid Turbo 2 deflected the bullet back at the bad man. Also the bullet dialed 911 and started the camera recording automatically due to MotoBulletDetect app that is included! Could use a little more battery life. *4/5 Stars*
Unsmashable eh. Sounds like a challenge.
Good on you, Motorola! I'm done with smashed phones, it fucks me right off.
But will it blend?
in before inevitable hulk tie in
I bought it solely for the battery life which never seems to come up as a selling point.  The screen protection is just icing on the cake. 
After a day of near constant use watching streaming videos it was still above 50% battery. 
Moto phones suck. 

I know because I worked there for ten years in a senior position and saw the field return rate data over many years for most models. Moto called it "FFR" (Field Failure Rate). FFR is the percentage ratio of qty field returns coming back (for a particular smartphone over a particular period) compared to the "population" qty of that smartphone in use at that time by customers.

It was not unusual for some Motorola smartphones to have annual FFR numbers around 25%, meaning roughly ONE QUARTER of all smartphones (of a particular model) would get returned within a rolling 12 month period.  That's insanely bad reliability. Take a competitor like Nokia, where annual FFR numbers were below 7% for most models, with some models below 3%.

One of the main reasons Moto lost its once-dominant China market share (quite a few years ago) is poor reliability = high field return rates quickly gave Moto a bad reputation in China

I left Moto when the corporate culture became toxic, going to a far more successful smartphone OEM. I recall smug "motorolans" who stayed until the end, always hoping they could turn Moto around.  They were wrong and they all got laid off.

Moral of the story: trust your instincts about your employer. If the corporate culture gets toxic, market share and profits will likely also soon tank. Trust your instincts and move to a better employer, even if thousands of fellow employees (at original bad employer) are deluded and stay despite toxic culture (plus those that stay are often the frogs not feeling the frying pan getting hotter, because they themselves create the toxic culture!)
I'd never get used to a plastic screen after using a glass one for so long.
A shiny gold doubloon to the first person to break the screen.
It'll be interesting to see what one of these screens looks like in a few months to a year.  I hope it works out. 
No doubt Verizon will still push you to buy TEC. How much is that up to a month now? $12? Don't forget another $3/m for the privilege of visual voicemail on android or windows mobile...
Videos of it being smashed in 3 2 1....
Give me a case of beer and 24 hours and I'll prove them wrong.
Zima is still a thing?
"It's so ugly. Here let me NOT show you a picture of the front."
TLDR: "a scratch-resistant layer. Motorola chose a user-replaceable peel-off guard."  
  
So. Mashable but easily replaceable.
It's a great phone and all...



....but it doesn't fit in my Pip-Boy! :(
Can confirm,  have spiked my Turbo 2 against a concrete wall. 
I love my droid turbo because it has lasted scratch-free longer and delivered better performance than any of the other Verizon Motorola phones I've had.
Anyone remember the video years ago of the engineer who invented this screen? It was basically a close up of the bendable screen in action. In the background you could hear who I would assume was his girlfriend exclaim "we're going to be so rich!". I'd love VH1 to do a "where are they now" follow up.
I've had one of these for 4 days now, The screen protection is just a screen protector.
I saw a video of people hitting this phone with a bat like a baseball and the phone still worked. 
Who drinks Zima anymore?
I am so glad I am very careful with my electronics. It sucks to deal with them, and I feel other iPhone users are too rowdy with their phones. I've broken one phone about 3 years ago, quite drunk on a concrete balcony. Luckily, I was able to use my upgrade that week
God I hope enough people buy/ support this phone so that it becomes "the norm" within the industry pleeeease......
The last time I drop it?
I fix phones as a job. Two have already come into the repair shop. There is no unbreakable 
I did not know I was going to drop it so I got offered $35.00 for my s4 and it is in pristine condition.
I accidentally bend steering wheels.. I'll have to look at one of these.
I am still using a Droid X.  I have literally thrown this thing across the room to prove to my friends how tough it is.
Did they put it in a Nokia case?
Geez Motorola its not like your screens were exploding, I can't count on my hands how many times I've dropped my razr m. And i got it used.
So is it waterproof as well then because of the many layers? 
Unsmashable eh. Sounds like a challenge.
That's what they said about the first turbo. Fuck Verizon. 
I have one and unless someone told you the screen on haha How do you like the phone strap for crying out loud.
darnit. this is another one of my dope inventions i thought up years before execution.
Metal gears are bipedal why is this one flying
Lifting 10kg would be quite an accomplishment. The Phantom 3 can lift about 3kg, but it really struggles with it. From what I've read, this drone is going to sell for about $15,000.
As cool as drones sound, wouldn't a RC wheeled device be more practical? As in a lightweight, tall/ raised frame  on thin bicycle type wheels? That would be far easier to automate, self- recharge and maintain.
Yamaha has been doing this (better) for years. http://rmax.yamaha-motor.com.au/

This sort of product needs to be advertised in terms of all-inclusive unit cost of delivery of product (electricity, maintenance, etc.) so there is a standard comparison to other delivery mechanisms like tractor and sprayer, by vendor and model.
Farming PEOPLE!

"I can hire one-half of the working class to kill the other half." - Jay Gould

Then in the end, those jobs were [automated.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6QcfZGDvHU8) 
The rainmaker machine from Looper?
This drone should at least be DMG by now maybe LE.
More like made for gardening.  They'd have to develop something gas powered to lift any useful amount of payload or make this cheap enough for farmers to fly 20 of them at a time.  
I met a guy at school who was working on an IR sensor equipped drone to detect nitrogen levels in soils.  I half expected this to be about him.
They are improving but still have doubts on a practical size. In Kansas, open fields are generally wind tunnels. You likely would need to launch upwind and then drive around downwind to retrieve it. Having a remote tone sounder may be a plus to find it in a large field. GPS is not that exact and it will not survive a harvest, or a hawk.
How would it cover so much land with water is so small

Pft...for 15,000...I can build a fleet that do the same thing.
I can't wait until the MG-42 model comes out
This is cool, but I'm curious as to the size of this thing in relation to farming. It would in no way be worth the amount of refilling to a farm using conventional means of spraying crops. 
they can easly make an automatic rc plane, more payload, more fuel efficient and make it autonomous
I want it to hover and search around my garden for slugs,  and then pick up and move slugs to my neighbor's garden.
If it's made by Monsanto, this would be a great conspiracy in the making 
This could be good on hi especially Kona Coffe.  The grades of the hills are steep and usually very uneven.  Walking them with a stihl fogger is the worst thing ever and easily can hurt u bad if u slip with that 80lb pack on.   So 10kg payload would be about 2 gallons maybe a little more . a 4 gallon tank on the stihl fogger last about 20mins at a moderate spray.  The biggest disadvantage would be that it prob over heads sprays only which is no good for an orchard.  
I bet it isn't birdshot proof.
Most farmers I know will tell you that they are barking up the wrong tree.  Why would they spend their day refilling a drone when they can sit in an air conditioned cab with the radio on?
 (I realize they are shooting for large crops like corn,  but that is a lot of hassle for something that can be done in an hour with a plane, if need be. )
Source: I work at a John Deere dealer/ repair facility in the Midwest.
Wow, that looks like a really cheap chemical or biological weapon dispenser. I am honestly amazed we have not had a terrorism incident involving drones yet.  They are so inexpensive, small enough to go or come from anywhere (picture a bunch of dudes with suitcases full of drones all around a city).   10 Kg is an enourmous chemical payload, not to mention it's enough to turn the drone into a giant flying claymore mine with conventional explosives.  I worry that we have opened pandora's box with drones.
Sounds like the prologue to Interstellar. 
Drone swarm to dust fields would be cool.
Now that is progress.
Combine this with a method to determine which area's need spraying, this could reduce the amount of pesticides and fertilizer needed by alot.
This is a $15,000 multi-copter. There have to be better/cheaper alternatives?
Water resistant.... *Puts it in pond and uses it like a submarine*
What idiot would do this instead of run above-ground pipes?
Now you can spray your Monsanto cancerstides with ease!
But does it blend?
Water resistant? 

The way all commercial quads should be made? 

I've had one too many water borne crashes. 
"...she created the portable nail printer to eliminate the need for expensive and inconvenient trips to salons while you're on vacation."

Never did have that problem myself. Neat that they made use of a phone though.
"GIVE ME THE SMILING PILE OF SHIT"

"Sir, are you sure tha.."

"JUST DO IT ALREADY YOU TWAT"
I thought this was a post for /r/shittyrobots
[Imaginail](http://www.imaginail.com/gallery.htm) has been a thing for about 12 years. It will print a Van Gogh onto your nails.
This is NOT a robot. Its a "portable nail printer" just like she stated. Robot is a term used very lightly these days.
**"What is my purpose in life?"**

"You print emojis on fingernails."

**"...Oh my god..."**

"Welcome to the club, pal."
What a time to be alive!
Well at least there is some healthy competition. There are nearly one and a half thousand variations on these fucking things on alibaba.

http://www.alibaba.com/products/F0/fingernail_printer/CID330813.html?spm=a2700.7724838.12.2.D7J4fK
"...she created the portable nail printer to eliminate the need for expensive and inconvenient trips to salons while you're on vacation."

If you need to redo your nails while on vacation, I've got a funny feeling there might already be an even [cheaper, easier way](http://cdn2.thegloss.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/nail-polish-heaven.jpg) to avoid visiting salons.

Edit:  As a general device to print more intricate designs than you can do by hand, it seems like a good idea.  But as a money saving travel gadget, it seems to be answering a question not many people ask.
Fucking sexist. I'm a dude and I want little pictures in my nails. 
This reminds me of the star bellied sneetches.
Symbols.  Icons.  Why the fuck do people insist on calling them fucking emojis?

This is just printing any art.  An emoji is specifically a unicode character symbol.
This is the most middle school thing that I've ever seen.
The amount of guys in here who apparently think all women oriented technology is a waste of time is staggering. 
Indiegogo?  

(wonder if it is flexible funding?)

"Flexible Goal"  - campaign will receive all funds even if goal is not reached.

sigh.  can't trust these.
I would love to print 😡 on my middle finger.
I'm imagining a picture of a hand giving the middle finger, printed on the nail of a middle finger.

We've come so far...
"We created Nailbot in order to *inspire* girls to invent, code and create technology together!"

Yeah, I'm sure that was the main objective all along and that this fingernail printer will be responsible for the coming renaissance of women working in technology. The money from sales is totally secondary.
It would be better if it was a augmented reality device that would make different colored finger nail paint  on the fly,and paint the users finger nail.

The augmented part would use a camera to simulate what the color would look like on the hand with the users specific skin color.
One step towards The Fifth Element future.
Am I the only one reacting to the name Preem Adonna? 
This is a really good example of how old and out of touch I am.
Why would you WANT to do this
I'd buy it to print this 🖕emoji on my middle finger. 
&gt;The whole experience can take between 3-5 minutes — depending on how long it takes you to chose an image to print.

But what if it takes me 6 minutes to 'chose'?
Can we stop calling every new machine or cube shaped gadget a "robot" now? Ffs 
What a useless piece of technology

I am not seeing how this is a Robot ... unless ofcourse all machines are...
Anyone thinking of "The Fifth Element"? The secretary of that evil guy with a clear head piece...?
Whoever did this sure **NAILED** it! 


^^^^^^^^^^^Im^so^sorry
...and yet cancer continues uncured 
Ok, so the narrator's name is Pree Madonna?   
sigh.
I'll take 8!
What a time to be alive

[Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngPv6vpKXFg) you can see a similar device being taken apart. Over a year ago. So apparently there's a market for that!

Interestingly enough it is based on a pretty standard inkjet, taken apart and put in a new housing to build a nail printer. The 'paper feed' motor is used to move the printing head around over the nail. This way no new driver is needed at all: simply installing the printer driver will allow it to work. You can of course use the custom software, as it allows use a camera to view the nail.
There's a way easier method.  It's called stickers. :p
hey robot, welcome to "Useless-Town."
"robot"? Using that word loosely aren't we? 
What a pointless waste of technology and time.
The basic bitch machine. 
She got this idea one day while trying to put emoji on her bf's dick. 
Times like these I'm glad my wife doesn't use reddit.
What happens when I use it for "internet activities"
This is going to come in handy when I'm touching something and I don't know what it is 
If I had this, it would be identifying my penis a lot.
Alot of people here are thinking about how it will identify their penis, but the honest truth about it is that technology cant identify something that small
Seriously, the door handle is on backwards and the watch couldn't even tell! I won't be buying that watch!
Something that can tell me what a door is? Damn, these advances in technology are getting crrraazzyy
I think this would have a practical use (when paired with voice synth) for the blind. 

Other than that, I think this is a solution in search of a problem.  

Strangely, this is the second time I've stated that today. 
Disney? As in the film company? 
This will be a great way to catch pedophiles. 
"You are touching an oven top, burning at 400°F" ... aw man, I knew it!!
Looks shockingly similar to the original Galaxy gear...
Unless you have a wrist tattoo? 
A lot of people will buy it most probably, get all your friends over for poker night and show them how the watch recognizes that you're touching a card. So fucking cool... 
It knows how often you masturbate and you start getting ads for dating sites and dick pills.
How long before a watch will tell you if you're going to have a heart attack
Imagine your restaurant staff being forced to use these.  **Meeting with management**, "I see you opened the bathroom door, and flushed the toilet, and opened the bathroom door again... there's *no* record of you washing your hands." 
Is anyone else rather confused as to why Disney is engaged in smart tech?  I can't imagine how their existing business model would lead to this unless this is an offshoot of their ticket less park admittance program.
all I can think of is giggling when the word penis pops up
Penis penis 
So, every time you take a leak it's gonna pull up PornHub on your PC, because you touched your dick?

What a time to be alive!
Disney Exec upon reviewing data collected from this: "Why are all the priests, school bus drivers and middle school gym teachers touching so many mini party wieners? Must be having a party."
one day we'll all have to wear these at all times. no more crimes!
disney technologies
It's going to be really useful for something to tell me what show I chose to watch on Netflix
How does it work? It better not make a Mickey out of things!!
...and that smartwatch is connected to your smartphone which is connected to [here](https://nsa.gov1.info/utah-data-center/photos/high-res-utah-data-center.jpg)


A Disney product that isn't Elsa/Anna?!
someone rally the photoshop subreddit
Will it judge me just like everyone else?
I imagine it's related to the smart device rather than add the watch.
LPT: that information is not for you
I guess this would come in handy if you're trawling for hookers in Thailand....
Just in case you forgot what a door handle is..
Has anyone noticed the doorknob is on backwards?
good for blind people i guess.
"Fake tit"
Seriously, the door handle is on backwards? good for blind people i guess.
I know what i'm touching.. why does my watch need to tell me?
I'm guessing it's related to this earlier bit of research by Disney:

[Touché: Enhancing Touch Interaction on Humans, Screens, Liquids, and Everyday Objects](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E4tYpXVTjxA)
Like when you pick up the remote, if your TV is not on, it will be a great way to go about that.
I'm always paranoid that my fit-bit can tell when I'm touching something and I don't know what i'm touching.. why does my watch need to tell me what show I chose to watch on Netflix How does it work?
*BZZZZZ* DISNEY COPYRIGHT DETECTED - 10 CREDITS DEDUCTED.
This sounds as useful as a magic trick…

"Woah, how do they do it? … oh, ok, nice, irrelevant in my life". Hope they find something awesome for this. 
This seems to only identify electrical devices, does it not?
What happens if you touch ur own dick
So if I go to pee will my watch tell me how much pee is left? 
[deleted]
Fridge, door, desk, apple, (touches buddy) Dumbass. 

I must have this thing!!!!
Stop walking in front of my lifi mom!!!
802.11ac connections can achieve over 1Gbps already. Granted you must have an ISP that pumps that much. (I do: fiber connection). There are plenty of gigabit routers out there that can transmit at that rate. Netgear, Asus, and linksys all have models that can.  (Night hawk X4 at my place). 

Now, that theoretical speed of 224Gbps... Now that is something! 
'light bulbs could offer a new way of delivering data.' - bbc
Yes, Li-fi is 100 times faster.

Then, wi-fi.
It's not a realistic alternative to wi-fi. Put a device in your pocket, walk outside, open the blinds, go into a distant room, or turn off the lights. Game over.

The real promise of this tech may actually be as a BUS interface comparable to thunderbolt. With bandwidth at that scale you could theoretically connect a motherboard, GPU, storage, and monitor, wirelessly. Even the best market-ready wi-fi at the moment (802.11ad) is not suitable for the former.
Mom! The Li-Fi burned out again!!!
If only they could harness this technology, but use lasers, so it can have a better range, and use fiber optic cables, so the environment doesn't effect the transfer, and it would help it go through walls.... 
So like my remote control from 20 years ago
"Hold on, it's too dark in here, I can't get any internet."
When this invention implement in real life that time it is useful. 
Well this needs line of sight correct or am I misunderstanding this article? If it does it's shit and 2 steps backwards for 99% of applications since routers have been far faster then ISPs for well over a decade. Even on an intranet I can't imagine needing faster speeds then routers can provide unless it was a very specific application
Probably been said, but that's 'one-way', and not point-point.  It could theoretically stream many video channels at once, meaning those in the room can view whatever channel they wish.  The 'theoretical limit' is just that.  LED's can be modulated at a fairly quick rate, but the limit of that makes the signaling bandwidth much lower that 224gbps.  That is one of the reasons fibre-optic comms generally uses lasers.

Its another way of getting data to people in an office, but only with specific applications, plus.. its already been done.
Read my thread in /r/electronics for why this is cool but fairly useless technology https://www.reddit.com/r/electronics/comments/3u52dl/ive_just_read_about_lifi_localized_light_based/

Also, the only current unit transmits and receives at 5 megabit/s , stutters badly if line of sight between the light and receiver is broken, and stops working entirely if lines of sight between the transmitter and ceiling receiver is broken.
10 years from now it will be in house holds every where. 30 years from that and every house hold will have radiation free li-fi.
You have to be in the same room as the bulb, so at that point you might as well just use a cable.
And walls? Really cool but my first thought is that my house still has walls.
Don't you need a different LED per frequency you send at, making this expensive quickly?

Unless of course you can pulse-width modulate a photon emitter in the THz range of frequencies, in which case you can replicate any color you want by blinking at the color's frequency (but then you wouldn't need to...)
Is that a CFL bulb being used to speak about the next great improvement in technology?
so many drawbacks but Kinda cool that you could literally see where the best connections were by the light and shadow though.
So would it go through walls? If not, I don't see this replacing wifi..
In case anyone else is getting the 500 error on bbc site, a wikipedia article on Lifi:

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Li-Fi
No one has mentioned the wholeneeding to provide a lightbulb with network bandwidth and access.  That is one of the issues of getting the new AC standard out (besides most current consumer devices not having those bands available) Feeding the APs with an appropriate amount of band width.  When you start talking needing to run either multiple ethernet cables to where ever the bulb is (power line bandwidth as far as I can tell hasn't even breached gig speeds) or get some switch that supports higher than gig over ethernet which are stupid expensive per port you really starting running into a huge cost wall.  And since AV keeps coming up, why would you want your AV equipment relying on a light be on nearby to run?  Just run a freaking cat-6 cable to the equipment.  No wifi interference, and capable of handling a pretty serious amount of bandwidth.

The idea is certainly neat and might have some very specific use scenarios but in terms of consumer use, I think it will really only ever amount to a cool gimmick.

Laser drones.
but light can not penetrate walls, so we cannot share the same wifi router in a big house, everything comes wth an dismerit
We could make all the walls and floors out of glass to get an increased range 
Video a computer monitor (crt) and you'll "see" the effect. 
Honestly, I wouldn't mind having these nodes hanging around my house if they were that fast. If it was round the 1000-500$s range I'd probably save up and buy it.
How the hell would Philips Hue work?
How do uploads work? 
Li-es!!!!!!!
But then how do you use it at night while everyone else is asleep? Wifi isn't visible, light is.
No one will believe me, but I actually drew up this exact concept when I was in high school about 8-9 years ago. I even called it Li-Fi. I remember showing it to my then girlfriend and she thought it was pretty ridiculous. 
LIFI to the node. It's not far off...*sobs*
Is this going to be *consumer* ready though or more business/security focused?
how would this work in public? Would we light everything everywhere? That seems like it would get annoying. How about at home? I don't want that light on just so I can use the internet. I can see this working in schools or work places but I see how annoying it could be anywhere else.
You mean I could be getting 10mbps? Hot Damn! What would I do with so much speed?
~as long as the seizures dont kill you from the strobe effects you'll be fine~
What is the amplitude of the pulses? Isn't a flickering LED going to be very irritating/headache inducing?
They didn't run quad (or even regular)  sli, so... I'm not sure there's anything exciting about this other than "most expensive gaming  board" 
Factory New Asiimov
Overkill : the motherboard 
As an owner of the board a few things. &amp;nbsp;

1. The only skylake chips available are the i7-6700k or i5-6600k and they can do a single GPU fine. They struggle with dual, and is impossible to use a 2nd if you are using the m2 slot or a nvme drive.  This is due to the 16 pci-lanes on the chips.  
&amp;nbsp;
2. Triple or quad SLI is impossible right now... it just won't work with a nvidia card that requires at least 8 lanes per card.  Even two-way SLI is a bad investment right now until intel releases a new skylake chip with more lanes.  But all of skylake is pretty much on hold until PCI 4 arrives.
&amp;nbsp;

3.  Aside from LAN access to my servers the 2nd nic is useless for internet.  You don't get any better latency or throughput unless you somehow have more than a 1 Gbs internet connection. (seriously send me details of where you live if you have that in the states)
&amp;nbsp;

4. The overclocking is pretty unstable even with the easy ap-center overclocking.  I gave up after about the 30th freeze up and bsod.
&amp;nbsp;

5.  It plays Kerbal Space Program like a boss though...
The Extreme7+ was a reasonable compromise between features and price (admittedly not 2-way at 16x). Paying double for a G1 would be absurd just to attempt to run 4 way SLI (supposedly at 16x not that it's tested in that 'review') is generally impractical from a cooling perspective even when water cooled unless you live at one of the poles. That doesn't even address lane allocation for other features like M.2 or the capability of the processor architecture.

Beyond that, 2-way SLI @ 16x with 2x 980 Ti's or similar at this stage effectively conquers UHD in Witcher 3 and GTAV (at least on X99). Buying into this QUAD SLI @ 16x is silly... but I'm keen to see one of these so called 'review' sites review these features.
If they spend as much time making quality hardware as they do decorating it like a sports-car these days, we could see some really good stuff.
I like how the BIOS is named F4P.
Damn, I was just happy that a SLI profile for Fallout 4 was released today so I can use both my 980 TI's.
shame it looks like ass

Gigabyte board once overwrote my HDD partition record from a single 2TB partition to 500GB. Part of some asinine backup program conceived before the release of HDD of that capacity. Took me several days of research to restore the partition record. Had to use a Czech program.

Never. Again.
M-m-money. Money. 
How is the "SoundBlaster" on this board? I always like the SB cards, they sounded warmer than onboard. You can just plug the speakers back and forth and instantly tell. With this one would need two systems to compare. 
These boards look more and more like race cars.
Potential for Quad-SLI for GTX980's.

Say you were running this in Australia - where our houses have a 2400w limit on the power rails in our house.

Wouldn't that be pushing the limit?

[EDIT] It says the gtx980 consumes 165w. Nevermind.
Gpbskacs~11|
No! Bad OP! Thunderbolt uses DMA which has huge security implications...
While I agree, it's particularly frustrating with a motherboard because it's not the easiest thing to fault find and return. The on board sound was the selling point on this and it should have been tested better. I've not had issues with other hardware from other companies straight out the box 
Does anyone know if the thunderbolt 3.0 would work with os X (unibeast 6.0)
These boards look more and more like race cars.
bought a gigabyte sniper z97, in the first week the on board sound packed up, after one month, I was having issues with hardware interrupts on my USB devices, I'd never buy this good looking  Mickey mouse brand again 
Rubberized matte finish. 4GB RAM for future proofing. 5-inch screen with minimum bezel. They can save money with onboard storage if they include a microSD card slot. All they need to care about is zippy performance and make the thing as cheap as possible. That's what most Android users care about. Bells and whistles of Samsung and HTC's models are cool, but at the end of the day, a stock Android experience without lag where the most commonly used apps are given priority is what people really want. They can't enter the game attacking the premium market - they need to provide a better performing, cheaper alternative to Apple's offerings. 
After that they should consider building their own brand of glasses!
I think Google could be a lot closer to dominating the phone market if they quit having industrial strength ADD over every single thing they do.

We're making a phone OS! We're going to make our own phones! No, never mind, we're not. We're buying Motorola! We're going to make our own phones again! Wait, no we're not, we're selling Motorola. We're going to make a modular phone! Well, no, we're going to farm out most of it, and then lose interest in the project. We're making ChromeOS! Well, we're going to roll it into Android. Except wait, no we're not... Oh and by the way, we're Alphabet now.

Et fucking cetera. It's no wonder consumers can't keep track of just what the hell is going on. I follow this sort of thing pretty closely and even I don't know what the hell they're doing.

Apple, meanwhile, has done exactly one thing. Well, two if you want to split hairs. Make a computer OS and computers that run it, and make a phone OS and phones that run it.
Didn't they already start building a phone from scratch?  Wasn't it modular?  
didnt they own Motorola for a while?
Bout damn time
Please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please
They have the money to do something radically different. That industry needs a breath of new life and more unique innovation.
IF they put a microsd slot in there then I'm interested.
I love Android phones since 2009 never had an iPhone but recently i have learned to hate my Android. I used my sisters iPhone 6s for 3 weeks and was amazed how everything just worked perfectly with no loss info. I have a sony z3v with top specs but the iPhones ability to do everything well just won me over. 
About fucking time 
I'd buy it.
Google "considers" a lot of things. I'm not holding my breath
I suspect this is because Nintendo is making a power move to the mobile gaming platform and currently iOS is more optimized and controlled product market and as it stands will reap the most rewards from Nintendo, perhaps.... 


My reasoning: Google doesn't want to fall behind while the iphone6 and *iOS* are already pretty well optimized to be the platform nintendo is looking for. 



On the other hand android is optimized for a massive range of platforms especially in the mobile phone area. This fact alone will hamper the development *standards* for nintendo in the android market (think wiiU graphics, that hand held device)


this is all just speculation, but if the new microsoft "laptop" is as powerful as it is, then why can't a phone be so beefy yet soo lean.  
I just want  10,000 mAh to become the standard battery.
When all available hardware is backdoored by the manufacturer, you kind of have to to make a good product. Or maybe they aren't backdoored enough.
JUST DO IT!
Once, a guy said: Its simple, to make a phone  from scratch all you need is the following, start your own universe. I wonder if thats how valve is approaching Half Life 3...
I would so buy that, I hate that my S3 will now never get OS updates.
Eyo Google, where's that modular phone Project Ara y'all were talking about a few years ago? 
I want mine in chrome.
ELI5: why hasn't Google merged the Google app and chrome?
What year is this?

http://mashable.com/category/google-phone/
The Nexus 6P is the higher-end model, though the metal Nexus phone has some serious design flaws that increase the risk of sustaining damage in certain situations.
Isn't every smartphone built from scratch?
They could just make a Z3-like phone. It's a proven style at a size that isn't too big, nor too small. 

Ditch the glass back of course and replace it with a matte removable back so the battery can be swapped and Bob's your uncle. Instant hit. 

Such a phone running stock Android, epic battery, mSD slot for adoptable storage expansion and nice bright screen and no nonsense would be just great. 
Having an Android phone feels like going to your mad scientist friend's house. He's all hopped up on Adderall and shit and running around the house, showing you his crazy futuristic home automation system and robotic breakfast maker and everything. It breaks halfway through, has to be reset, has a bunch of glitches and everything. You admit that it's really cool and technologically amazing. But it's just kind of a shitshow.

Having an iPhone is like going to your boring brother's suburban home. It's extremely tame, organized and clean. In your younger days, you would have found it stifling and oppressively domestic. But as you get older, you find that you value stability and functionality more and more. 

That's how I feel, at least. I just switched to an iPhone after three and a half years on Android. I really miss my widgets. I really miss my IR blaster. I really miss the ability to set default apps, have a file browser, use an SD card. And I do find it stifling that instead, Apple Knows Best and I have to do things their way. 

But it's just fucking way better. It's like the last page of 1984. (Ironic, I know.) Just embrace it and fall into the loving, oppressive, stifling arms of Apple. The battery depletes linearly as you use it; no Google Play Services that comes in the night and just fucks your shit up for absolutely no reason. The phone doesn't get hot, stutter, freeze, crash or reset. The apps mostly adhere to the guidelines; very rarely do you find something that's just an absolute piece of shit. There's iMessages, and it just fucking works, and 99% of people you know are on it already. 

Now, there's no reason Google couldn't do this. And this step makes it sound like maybe they're going to try it for once. But they've said it a hundred times before, and still everything they've ever done in the smartphone realm has been a series of compromises and half-assed attempts at putting out something that really is the real deal. It's a scatter-brained clusterfuck of unrealized potential and poor execution and fragmentation. 

I would love to go back to Android. But it needs to get its shit together. 
Why can't we all just get alone, everyone has their phone choices, if you want reliability, use an iphone, if you want to flash your rom use an android.

I'm excited about this new google phone if they are building one, I would love to try it out like I do with most android phones, even though I know it will never replace my iphone.



After seeing how LG fucked up Nexus 5x i totally understand why
...but mismanaged Motorola. 
As long as it's cheap and 5" screen
Nooooooo I just got my 6P! This is going to last me awhile 
I don't know much about large corporations, but certainly they have too many employees for them to all use one phone, right?
dude, who cares. Google desperately needs to fix their OS. Sole android users fail to notice how ridiculously choppy and shitty the UI is even on the latest 8-core phones.. The OS needs a major overhaul on how it prioritizes the UI and touch  feedback.. I owned a nexus 6 for about a month becasue I'm not an apple fanboy. I sold it and got an iphone 6s because I can't handle the lagginess and general shittyness of android OS.. Also, my battery lasts 3x as long on the iphone 6s. Probably going to windows phone next time as they are handling UI properly.
I think Google should start considering quitting while they're ahead.     
Don't get why they keep trying to invent stuff.      
After the failed 6p they should do that 
You can get 20 variations of this tablet, including some with a 9.7" screen and 4gb of RAM, via the Ali Express site or app. They're a dime a dozen in Asia and the Pacific Islands.
I wouldn't call it a clone, xiaomi is a top brand in Asia with great QC, not like most China phones. 
This may be the best ultra-tablet out there. Any alternatives to this? Google pixel c can't run Windows or Linux. Lenovo mix700, dell, micrsoft sp line all cost so much. No competition for minimal ultra tablet?
Does anyone have any experience with these Xiaomi products? Wondering of they're really worth anything.
Wow. Its better looking than the X98Pro. 
As an apple fan (read: not afficianado or loyalist), who hasn't used non-Apple tablets. Is this an easy transition from an iPad? And will it be easy enough to set up my iTunes and junk onto (I presume yes, but just checking).?
Would this run "stock" Debian x86 linux?
Has anyone used the Telcast x98 pro? And are these Chinese devices safe as far as malware goes? I know a lot of the phones were discovered to have malware.
I hate these headlines.  A $155 device that runs Android or Windows 10 is *not* an iPad clone.  Its a $155 Android / Windows 10 device.  For crying out loud.
Is it an iPad clone if it won't run iOS?
Anyone know if it can run linux?
There are lots of devices with metallic backs and a black bezel. That doesn't make them iDevice clones.
Onda also make some fucking fantastic tablets.

I bought the V919 - 64 Gig, Dual boot android and windows.

It's basically identical in almost all respects to an iPad Air (same size, same res screen etc.) with the exception that it has a cool light up button where the finger print sensor is.

http://www.onda-tablet.com/buy-android-onda.html for anyone interested (I have no relationship with them!)
So can i buy the windows 10 one and dual boot android? that would be awesome.
Why would this not be officially available outside of China or Asia?  
I'm interested in getting the windows 10 version. Do you guys think it would be wise or should I stick to android? Should I do more research on all the variations? This is the first I've seen of overseas tablets with good specs
can it run linux (ubuntu, suse). I really want a tablet that doesn't run windows or ios/android but standard linux
Is this worth buying since it only has 2 GB of RAM? Would Windows 10 run well with that small amount?
I buyed a cube tablet for 200$ plus 60$ taxes it was defect on arrivel aliexpress seller only want's to refund 30$ so i send it back to cube track code says it arrived they ignore me.... 
I got a 8" Dell Windows 8 tablet for $200 2 years ago. It updated to Windows 10 and works very well, especially in Tablet Mode. Not sure why this is a big deal here.
If it runs Windows or Android, it's hardly an iPad clone.
You get what you pay for
It was also in Fallout 3
When the zombies rise I want this guy on my side
That looks rad
Thanks for sharing our Shishkebab, Megaleks! Glad you liked it. This was definitely one of my favorite projects ever :) 
I think I first saw this in a new Vegas expansion. Regardless, 2 thumbs up! Very cool man. 

greek gadget guru has built something similar to this however it was not as ascetically true to the games like this one is
Looks awesome!
Pretty sure it was originally from Fallout 3
Dude your fucking link make me download some fucking useless files.
Way to make a sword useless. 
console autoaim weapon created in realife. 
128 GB **MODULE** not chip - module.
Sweet, I could then open a 6th tab in Chrome!!
I have servers with 384 GB of RAM. Imagine getting that on three chips.
That's a RAM stick or a daughterboard, not a chip. The chips are the black rectangles on the PCB. 

This is still amazing, having that much memory per chip would be insane. 
Wow, that RAM would take forever to download.. /s
2.4Gb/s?  That's sounds odd. Misprint?
I don't really understand this stuff that well. Why do 144 chips, divided by 36 at 4GB produce 128GB of RAM and not 144?
Initially I thought it said 128 mb and was a pic of a stick of ram from a decade ago.
Great for a ram disks system that saves everything onto a hyper fast pci-e ssd
For the folks going "I'd buy that!" - you're going to need a new motherboard too.
So, get a few of these, and have entire games stored in RAM. Just never shut your computer off.
Holy motherfuck....that's a shit ton of RAM. We run twelve VMs with 20 clients on only 96GB RAM, and those four servers have about 12 sticks each in them. Think of the space that can be saved!
...Can it run Crysis?
Sweet, my dreams of having all my computer's media stored in RAM are close to fruition!

Simply never turn off your computer and your load times will be glorious!
I could only imagine that this would be useful to video/photo editors, and rendering stuff.
But can you run arkham knight?
My thoughts: What are you even going to do with thatIwantthat.
Seems like it'd be expensive.  I'll just stick to downloading more ram whenever I need it, thanks.
Like a decade ago we used to put two 128MB sticks into our custom computers when building them and think it was pretty sexy lol
Http://dimmdrive.com users will rejoice at this.  Imagine playing all your games off a giant dimmdrive?
Is there even a motherboard available that supports that much RAM?
Back in my day we had 1024 kB of RAM and we liked it.

And we kept everything in the first 640 k, since that was enough to keep it real.
Okay. What is the point of having crazy amounts of RAM in a PC?
Great so that annoying icon can light up on my bike too...
Will there be a NE Patriots edition?
I look forward to all of the original jokes this thread will eventually have. 
Look I'll be honest it's a solution to a problem that doesn't exist.

I'm a full time mountain biker, as in I live, breathe, eat, sleep and shit everything mountain bike related for more than half my life.  

For all the air-pressurised items on my bike, ie. My 2 tires and the front/rear suspension depending on which bike I'm on, this is utterly useless. It takes all of 3 seconds with a $10 digital pressure gauge to get a reading, whose battery also lasts a few lifetimes. I also have a floor pump and a travel pump a shop compressor with gauges built in.

Keeping in mind, any half-experienced cyclist will be hyper-sensitive to their tire pressure WITHOUT sticking any instrument on it. I know my tires and suspension leak a bit over the course of weeks...  and I notice it as soon as I swing my leg over the bike or kick the tires in the garage. 

It's pretty uncanny how accurately you can gauge the pressure of your tires when you ride them a lot. I can give you the pressure just by feeling it within 1-2 psi accuracy, but I digress..

As for it's use inside sports balls.... again, the entire pretense of ball sports is the inflation in the ball. Which you feel. Constantly. As part of the game. It's really fucking obvious when the ball is too hard or too flat. If you're still  not sure stick the pump on it. Why would I stuff around getting a chip inside the ball and then waiting on my smartphone/reader to tell me the pressure. I could have jabbed the needle in and given it a few quick pumps and be on the field again.

Good idea on paper I think. Pretty redundant in real life application though.
This is the dumbest waste of time. Want to know if your tubes need air? Get on top of your bike. What happens if you run over a nail or a thorn and crush the chip as your tire deflates? You're out $11 plus the cost of a new tube.
This would be great for motorcycles if there was a way to screw it on a valve or rim. They typically have tubeless tires.
They already make motorcycle tyre pressure sensors that go inside the tubeless tyres - but an annoying issue is that the battery runs out after about a year of use. This would solve this problem. Definitely more applicable to this than push bikes
Why is this thing square with sharp edges?  Wouldn't a pill or oval shape be much less likely to cause a puncture? Not to mention, you wouldn't need to cut a huge hole.

But, beyond the obvious, why cut a huge square hole in the tube when a slit will do?
Tom Brady hates them.... Click here to find out why.
No matter how well you patch it, you have ruined the integrity of the tube.
GREAT - something to make mountain biking even more expensive.


Definitely more applicable to this than push bikes Why is no one talking about the other 31 cheaters?
The rest of the tube.
Can't wait to go over a curb or something with this and end up with chip particles in my tube causing issues and flats from the inside our
What problem is this supposed to solve?  Inner tubes are permeable and air WILL escape unless you go nitrogen (bigger molecule).   

I ride with tires at 120PSI... in two days they bleed down to 90.. every ride is a pre-ride bike check including tire check and pressure.  

So what is this supposed to solve?
Why would I stuff around getting a chip inside the ball is too hard or too flat.
This was more of a preview than a review. No surprise coming from CNET, they can't seem to do anything right anymore.
Why do new phones have better resolution than new laptops by default? Ridic.
Make people pay 800€ for an iphone and nobody bats an eye, hey it's an iphone. 

Make people pay the same for something with the most astonishing screen and camera on the market (plus waterproofness and freedom™) and everybody loses their mind. 
From what I gather, it gets really hot which is typical of 810 processor and battery life really sucks.

I was really looking forward to the Z5 but once I heard 810, I noped out.
I need a new phone and my top three come down to the Sony Z5, BlackBerry Priv or the S6 Plus. The S6 does not seem to have an expandable memory option, leaving me to decide between the Sony and the BlackBerry... 
I have had mine for a week now and find the battery life is great providing not playing games. When you do play games though oh boy those games look amazing. This guys biggest gripe is that it's a dated design. Mine is that it's big, my first impression was when does a phone become a tablet? Although I do understand with all those pixels you need a larger screen it is BIG.
A tip for anyone buying one is research the sd card you buy before purchasing. Cheap memory won't let you play or record in 4k. Expensive memory only lets you play 4k only the sanddisk extreme lets you record at 4k. 
Damn screen will end up cracking in your pocket. Wonder phone, but brittle as hell. 
&gt;The bad Its 4K display results in a sky-high price, but the extra resolution adds nothing to the overall experience.

"This is bad, but this same thing is bad, too."

It doesn't make sense, shouldn't that be an "and"? If you say it's bad and then follow with the word but, I'm expecting some silver lining.
"Sony has yet to announce whether it'll be available in the US"

WTF..why is the US usually the secondary market for these cool phones?
777.00 USD *is* an astonishing price...
I've been waiting patiently for this phone to come out in the US for like 6 months now.  I actually emailed their Xperia department asking when it's supposed to be released in the US and they got back to me saying to just keep checking the website.  I have ATT but don't expect to see them carry it.  I want this phone so bad but i'm so disappointed  about Sony not releasing shit in the US until months and months after everywhere else.  I just don't get why they do that.
Cnet, I don't care that "Sony's familiar design is beginning to look rather tired" because they are the only one on the market with a phone that has a minimalist design. 
Will the resolution circlejerk ever end?  You can only see so much, how about a battery I can use for 2 days?  
I dropped it on gravel and it lasted right up until I dropped it from a height of less than 3 feet.
I very nearly bought a cheap 124 until I dropped it on gravel and it only gets really hot which is typical of 810 processor and battery life is great providing not playing games.
Does it sport tempered glass? 
Still have an Xperia T, quality wise Sony is nice though I really want a Windows ver. like the m8
I just got the Sony z5 and for some reason the maximum brightness of the screen is significantly lower than my last phone (nexus 5) is this to make it seem like the battery would last longer than other phones on 'max settings'? 
Ugh, I wish they'd release it faster so that my 1-2 year waiting period for it to hit $400 comes by.
Does it make call and send/receive text messages?
Will there be a compact version? Something around a 4in screen but with the same hardware, like the z3 compact was? 
It seems Buzzfeed has taken over the entire mobile phone industry. Premium price but only 3GB RAM. The 64 bit processor is sitting there doing nothing but heating up and wasting battery power.

Performance wise, this thing is equivalent to my Z2. I am running the Z2 underclocked at 1GHz dual core; so I definitely do not need the extra processing power of the 810. Give ne more RAM and an internal storage that can take the read/write overhead of swap memory. And get rid of lowmemorykiller. 

Where is native ext4 and NTFS support? Where is active digitizer? The only functional improvement Sony has done since Z2 is that waterproof micro-USB port.
Will there be a compact version? Something around a 4in screen but with the same hardware, like the z3 compact was? 
The only functional improvement Sony has been really surprised if it sucked ass.
I'll probably buy a regular one instead of the premium. One underrated aspect of the Sony phones is the dust proofing. If you work in a dirty work shop environment like I do, the water and dust proof make a huge difference. My old iPhone 4s was forever getting clogged and having sound/performance issues. Got a Sony z1 and loved it ever since. Find it way faster and more user friendly than my old iPhone or my wife's new iPhone 6 (hate apple's desktop software, let me drag and drop files into folders on my pc dammit). Only problem I faced was the vibratory motor for notifications came loose and Sony sent me a new phone free of charge.
&gt; I personally could tell no difference in clarity on a high-resolution image between the Z5 Premium's display and that of the iPhone 6S Plus -- even though the iPhone display has half the resolution of the Sony.

The iPhone 6S Plus has a 1080p screen, which would actually make it 1/4 of the Xperia's resolution. 


I keep /r/gadgets on my piece of shit phone right now.
This has 4X the pixels of a nexus 6p too?
I was using a $700 laptop with a 1080p screen, which would actually make it 1/4 of the Sony store told me too bad.
I did see the charging port casing was going to be a celebration of gadgets?
I have had mine for a laptop, and do so every year/every other year?
Because 99% of people here think the camera could use some software updating, it's kind of grainy.
I'll never buy a Sony z1 and loved it ever since.
I upgraded from a height of less then a second makes most games virtually unplayable.
I got a Z3 when they came out and t is hands down the worst phone I've ever owned.


No storage. I get notifications on a weekly basis that my phone is always full. Forget about putting music or pictures on this phone without forking out for a micro SD. 

Casing for charging port is now perpetually loose and Sony considers this physical damage and won't fix this for free even though I'm still within my guarantee period. I have never mistreated this phone in any way.

Found out while talking to my provider about the above that Sony does not guarantee their phones to be waterproof and will not fix water damaged phones. Why the fuck are they even advertising waterproof phones then?

Big-time software issues, the most annoying of which is the stock email app erasing emails that are being written when the phone switches from vertical to horizontal.

And the stupidest of all. I can't believe it wasn't brought to light in some sort of testing phase: No separate volume control for ringer and notifications. Are you fucking serious? I'm fighting the urge to regurgitate my dinner all over this piece of shit phone right now. It's SO STUPIDLY CONCEIVED AND REALIZED.

There is more but I'm just too angry to remember right now, mainly because Im typing this message on my piece of shit Z3 this very moment. 

Oh yeah, PS4 remote play is horrible. IF IT DOESNT WORK PERFECTLY THERE IS NO POINT IN EVEN ADVERTISING SOMETHING LIKE THAT SONY. Even lag of less then a second makes most games virtually unplayable. You would think the fuckwads that INVENTED THE PLAY-FUCKING-STATION WOULD UNDERSTAND THAT VIDEOGAMES NEED TO INSTANTLY RESPOND TO YOUR INPUTS TO BE ENJOYABLE.

Z3 is a piece of garbage. But lesson learned, I guess. I'll never buy a Sony phone again and will advise my friends against it as well.

Thanks for reading my rant if you made it all the way here.


So, not worth it?
That's not the kind of astonishing price I was hoping for...
Still cheaper and better than an iPhone
Or just give in and purchase an iPhone. I'd say 90% of Sony, Samsung, htc, whoever employees own an iPhone. Best phone on market hands down.
Ugh, I wish they'd release it faster so that the Z Ultra can be released and so that my 1-2 year waiting period for it to hit $400 comes by.  I love my existing Ultra, but it's about time to upgrade.
Sony phones are dead to me ever since I bought an xperia z and the screen cracked within 24 hours and the Sony store told me too bad. I dropped it from a height of less than 3 feet. No other phone I've ever had has cracked as easily or quickly as that one. Yes, it even had a cover. 
Or just give in and purchase an iPhone. I'd say 90% of Sony, Samsung, htc, whoever employees own an iPhone. Best phone on market hands down.
The just need the R8 and the TT now. Then they can move on to the Q line
Anyone see the last two South Park episodes?

Jimmy would know what this article is immediately.
Holy cow that website is terrible. It's like an advertisement inside an advertisement surrounded by advertisements
"they feature a great dual camera, which will make your life much easier."

Lol.
I'm irked by the authors' focus on taking selfies.. 
And now with more bloatware!
Android 5.1 :[
3GB RAM: Nice, good to see they're upgrading the-

16GB Storage: What the fuck? 

Why so little storage?
My s3 plays hearthstone and still kicks ass. Fuck ya'll.
A5 and A7: 

&gt;Although the two phones differ in size with A7 featuring a 5.5” screen and A5 a 5.2” one, they both have HD Super AMOLED 1080p displays, 1.6 GHz and are powered by Exynos 7 octa processors.

&gt;It’s expected that there would be some differences among the two and so A7 comes in 3GB while the A5 version only offers 2GB ram

A3: 

&gt;It’s a tad bigger than the previous model, which featured a 4.5” display, and runs with 1.5 GB ram at 1.5 GHz. It has a 13 MP camera with 5MP snapper at the front and this is a major change to those loving to take photos. It’s much stronger than the previous A3 model with a 2300 mAh battery 

&gt;their prices are expected to be around 329 for A3, 399 for A5 and 499 euros for the A7 phone 
And microsd card slots are back. 
No AC wireless?? *noice.*
I would hope newer versions are better in every way...
Yeah but do they have an IR blaster?
Prettier is a very useless statement when its 98% screen on one side and to the other side I will defenetly slap a protective cover. All that matters are the specs so thing would not freeze under heavy use.
How are they compared to s6 edge and egde+? 
/r/hailcorporate
This title sounds like Astroturfing.
Nice mid range phones. Hope Samsung price them right unlike last year. I personally fell a bit sad to see them as they'll make my S6's design available to everyone.
"how is battery life?"
How thin is that A5 bezel? Oof
Why is everybody naming their new phone generation with an A? Seems to be at least three or four companies now so far.
also thicker and heavier
Anyone got a link to those wallpapers by any chance?
no A4? are they saving that for a version of the galaxy tab?
Wait, is it just me or did they make the camera worse on this one? My s5 has a 16 megapixel rear camera...
Why does it have a worse display than the S6? Resolution wise?
I feel like Samsung is going backwards with these phones or Playing the iPhone game of "less is more". 
Damn already out dated with old os. Just say no to 3rd party phones.
This article is an advertisement, not a phone announcement. Offers only the basic information and has too many references to making selfies.
Perfect timing. Just threw my S4 across the bathroom sitting down to take a shit. Time for an A7. 

Yes, I'm still shitting. 
I mean I like the A3 as I like the size and the SD slot is a plus. Unfortunately it looks like it is a unibody design and i can't change the battery which is a deal breaker. I hope that isn't the case, but given recent trends I'll probably be forced to continue looking.
Damn it... I just recently used my AT&amp;T Next to go from the iPhone 6 Plus to the 6S (Plus screen was too god damn big). Now this A3 is out?! Man! I want! 
But does it support mhl!?!?
I have the A3 and the battery is absolutely shocking. I need to have the power saving mode on if I want the battery to last close to a day
As a galaxy s6 owner, how much bigger do they really need to go?
/R/gadgets sucks, non stop advertising 
How is KNOX a feature?  My only knowledge of it is it's that thing I trip every time I flash a ROM.
Thanks for making it easier to take selfies.  Now at least when I punch them in the face for being asshats they will have a chance to fight back.
Physical home button, power and volume buttons directly opposite one another, yet another annoying Samsung phone/tablet. When most retailers are only stocking Samsung's Android hardware and their hardware *drives you up the fucking wall* with shitty ergonomics, buying new kit becomes a depressing affair.

Also, that website gave me cancer.
i'm pretty sure apple patented gold colored phones, and are preparing the papers as we speak.
That A3 is nice, it reminds me of my old S2. It reminds me enough of the S2 that I wonder if Apple's gonna sue them again.

Also, are they intentionally copying Intel's I-series processor numbering scheme?
A5 and A7: 

&amp;gt;Although the two phones differ in size with A7 featuring a 5.5” screen and A5 a 5.2” one, they both have HD Super AMOLED 1080p displays, 1.6 GHz and are powered by Exynos 7 octa processors.

&amp;gt;It’s expected that there would be some differences among the two and so A7 comes in 3GB while the A5 version only offers 2GB ram

A3: 

&amp;gt;It’s a tad bigger than the previous model, which featured a 4.5” display, and runs with 1.5 GB ram at 1.5 GHz. It has a 13 MP camera with 5MP snapper at the front and this is a major change to those loving to take photos. It’s much stronger than the previous A3 model with a 2300 mAh battery 

&amp;gt;their prices are expected to be around 329 for A3, 399 for A5 and 499 euros for the A7 phone 
I hear if you order now they will give you a free update that breaks your GPS!
And microsd card slots are back. 
Samsung A5 now official? Haven't they been out a while? I bought one in August....
Has anyone switched from an iPhone to one of these? 
Apple is turning me off from them with the recent crap about killing the headphone jack. So I'm looking at alternatives. I have a 6plus and love it. 
I still hate the front button.  I refuse to get a Samsung solely on the premise that it doesn't use touch screen home and back buttons. 
And microsd card slots are back. 
Someone tell me why they have an A series instead of focusing on their flagship S and Note series? I don't know why Samsung does this.
And now with more bloat! We have so much bloat you won't get 30 minutes of battery! If you like the bloat on our phones, be sure to check out our tv's! They have so much bloat they spy on you! 

I know I have an s4
People do yourself a favor and please don't ever buy these pos devices.
Samsung shooting itself with too many version...
aka "hardest possible way to figure out what time it is"

Wow! Maybe this will get you invited to the White House like that kid who just took apart a clock and shoved it in a lunchbox did!

Anyway, do you pronounce that as "Steve" (short for "Stephen") or like "Steff" (Short for "Stephanie")?
When would the "R" in the top right corner come into play?
Just don't take it to school.
Awesome instructable
This seems moderately challenging, and I'd be interested in tackling it but I have no (zero) coding knowledge and limited experience working with electronics. To a total novice what things would you suggest learning basics of before attempting this?
Awesome design and a thorough instructable. Nice one. 
This is awesome, and i may do this myself, but is there a fire risk with that paper &amp; cardboard being so close to continuously warm LEDs?
Good.. hi, err.. morning **STEPH**! Carpe .. fff... diem. Two times to.. 'n happy birthday. Sleep. **IT** ..k.. **IS**sss half ten quarter **TWENTY** **FIVE**s **TO** minute past gone three two four five pm **SIX** seven eight nine ten eleven twelve to clock.

Nice article. I think you should explain that it is a copy of the qlocktwo (http://www.qlocktwo.com) though.
stole Ahmed's ricebowl
Someone show this to our boy Ahmed
God damn that's a terrible idea.
I just showed the video to my 7 year old son. He said, "I want to be that guy, probably my wiener would be tingly."
his grandfather rode a camel, his father rode a camel, he rides a jetpack, his son will ride a jetpack, but *his* son will ride a camel riding a jetpack
I'd be lying if I said that I wasn't impressed.  
Wait what! This is the last thing I saw in the field of jet packs!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GN0ma0waB7w

How did we get from that to flying along side a jumbo jet with no news in between!
Youtube link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_VPvKl6ezyc
How much flight time do they have with a single fill up in those jet-packs? I would assume they were brought into the air to fly out of another plane in order to catch up to the jet. Because flying up to 5,500ft would burn a hella lotta fuel. 
Those jetmen should fly over and touch some seamen. 
Well this just became #1 in my bucket list.
I wonder how much it would cost to rent a jet pack? 
Kamikaze 2.0
How have we not seen this in a James Bond film yet? 
Pretty sure that the interns at CNN saw that on Reddit yesterday and put it on CNN.com (like 50% of their stories).

Hmphh
That's borderline suicidal considering they're inches away from the vortex coming off the tips of the wings.  I'd love to try one of those jet packs but this is just crazy considering planes much smaller than an A380 have caused full size LearJet 45s to crash.  [2008 Mexico City crash when the wake turbulence from a 767 took down a LearJet 45](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2008_Mexico_City_plane_crash)
This is more impressive even than it looks. Hanging around in the vicinity of the wings of an operating airliner is extremely dangerous. These guys must have some major cojones to pull off something like this. And a lot of practice.

If you slipped up and fell behind the wrong part of the plane the backblast from the engines would just blow you away. Literally. The wash coming off of the wings and the vortexes following behind the airplane are no joke, either; Light aircraft can get blown off or occasionally *blown up* by passing jet liners from thousands of feet away. The jetpack guys undoubtedly approach from above the airplane and stay at the distance they do for these reasons.

So these aren't just two yahoos with a lot of cash to burn -- they're two yahoos who know exactly what they're doing.
I'd think they would have to be very, very careful for wake turbulence.  Still pretty awesome.
Of course Dubai would fund something like this, their people can't get through airports anymore.
Thats fucken cool
Stirring music, wonderful!
I wonder how fast they're going
Tony cut it out you are scaring the passengers.
I always thought of 747's as 'Jumbo Jet', apparently A380 is known as 'Super Jumbo Jet'. Learn something useless everyday.
There's no way! How would you even land?!
And in other news, Tony Stark has been relegated to "B - List" status....
That guy jet right out of the shot at the end. Also, how many of you were nervous about them flying next to those JET ENGINES HOLY SHIT I couldn't stop grimacing at the idea of them getting sucked up in there. 
That's not flying, that's falling with style!
Oh yeah this will end well...... Now Arabs don't even need to go to flight school to take down airplanes. 
So THATS how ISIS did it.
A front page repost ONE day later?  
I knew he was to chicken to touch the butt. 
[In other news](http://money.cnn.com/2015/10/25/investing/oil-prices-saudi-arabia-cash-opec-middle-east/)
747 is Jumbo jet  
A380 is SuperJumbo.  

(nitpicky I know but there it is)
Are *you* looking to spend 19,000 on a watch only to have other assume you paid like 30 bucks for it? Boy, do I have the solution for you!
$20,000.00

No.
"True Mario fans" 
unbelievably stupid, not to mention hideous
Mario is wearing the wrong colours. No buys.
No, that's a 20,000.00$ scam. [These](http://smg.photobucket.com/user/cauterize4/media/watches.jpg.html) are watches for true mario fans.
[Way cooler and cheaper](https://m.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/3t59bj/mario_watch/)
That might be the ugliest watch i have ever seen.
They didn't even get the bush and the cloud right. 
Best way to get the ladies
Buying this watch makes you 3 things.

1) A giant nerd with no taste.
2) A giant nerd with no taste and too much money.
3) A giant fucking dumbass

Also screw any non dive watch over $400 with a rubber bracelet. Sorry I'm a watch snob and I absolutely resent that terrible hipster trend. Rubber has absolutely no place on any nice watch that Isn't a Dive watch.
I'd rather wear a NES on my wrist, it would be less gaudy.  
Such an expensive piece and they went with OCR-A for the font.
Proooobably wouldn't buy that, but his other watches are pretty cool. I believe he had watches made from the steel of the Titanic and dials with moon dust on them
Thank goodness it's only for true fans otherwise I'd have to shell out the $20k
So, what exactly makes it $20k?
Does it suck my dick?
I already own 3 of these. 
ELI5: What's to stop some company from making a $30 quartz clone of this?
May as well go to target, buy a black watch and put some Mario stickers on it
mmmmm romaine jurmain
Quoting Lou Olesky

"That watch better suck and &amp;(*$ me for 20k"
Jesus, that's an ugly watch. 
"True Mario fans."


They learn our emotions?? Thousands of hours of data? 
I've seen how this plays out...
because when you are sleepy you should continue driving.
I don't drive when I'm sleepy enough for it to affect my performance, but I think it'd be really neat to have a robot companion in the car. He can agree with me about other drivers being dangerous morons, calm my road rage, dance to my music with me, and tell me cool/useful information when I'm driving through new places. 

Someone make this, I really want it now.
Why not just make an app for it? Hey, there's a million dollar idea! 
Unless it occasionally screeches at you as you're dozing off I can't really see this working 
But I don't speak Japanese 
The music makes it seem all great and fun to have, but irl it probably be annoying after a while

If you guys want real driver safety technology, check out [Seeing Machines](http://www.seeingmachines.com/). They make a very advanced system using face and eye tracking technology that doesn't rely on developing a profile or recognizing a face (like the Xbox Kinect does, for instance). 
Too bad you have to be as weird as a Japanese person for it to work on you or truckers in the US could really use that. 
that's great, exactly what we need in this tech world rather than the hype for some gadgets far away from our daily life.
Well of course it will keep me awake. As soon as I sleep the fucking robot is going to kill me. 
The only reason people would stay awake with this thing in the car is because of what it might do once you can't see it.
To keep drivers up this buddy needs to be pretty rude. 
I would hope that they would focus more on robotic driving since humans will soon be obsolete in that regard. Also, you realize some truckers drive for millions of miles, and its unlikely that they would enjoy the redundancy of a talking robot.
The craze over 3D printing is the ability for average joe to make/build without molds or heavy fees from cmc machines. Accessibility is the future.
Wanted to see some flight if it going 150mph... Not the design process😕
I'm sick of everything being "cutting edge" because it was 3D printed, even when the fact that it was 3D printed did not make it any better than if it had been built using more traditional means. 
I hate how something is the "world's first 3D-printed" thing when like one piece is built with a 3D printer and then manually assembled with 50 things off the shelf.
I don't get the craze over 3D printing. It's not useful for mass production and it's not useful for creating large objects.

That UAV could have been easily made using a foam router and fiberglass, the same way normal homebuilt RC airplanes are made by people everywhere.

3D printing has it's purpose, mostly for prototyping small or complex parts. But it's not the 1-size-fits-all wonder technology lots of articles make it out to be.  I even saw an article about a 3D printed house... really? A house? That's not practical at all!
Video was not showing up despite being YouTube.  So, [here it is](https://www.youtube.com/embed/8e--5u2LpHU?version=3&amp;amp;rel=1&amp;amp;fs=1&amp;amp;showsearch=0&amp;amp;showinfo=1&amp;amp;iv_load_policy=1&amp;amp;wmode=transparent).  Sorry about the full browser window.
Since I use a Stratisys wmth ULTEM 9085, Lets do an order of magnitude cost of this drone... 33lbs*80%printed/(0.04841 lbs/in^3 )=545 in^3 of ULTEM^[1]

That is 5.92 canisters of material, and around 20% more for support material. = **654 in^3**

Print time greatly varies (depending on orientation, infill,etc.), but it would be around .75in^3 per hour =&gt;  **872 hours**

At $17.22 and hour and $8.25 per in^3 ^[2], this build would cost

**$20,412 minimum**.  This is at basically at the lowest rates.

Also this would be the biggest headache to sand since ULTEM is incredibly tough. Glass Transition is around 367°F^[1], so you be the judge on how effective it would be for jet exhaust.

[\[1\] *Material Properties*] (http://www.stratasys.com/materials/fdm/~/media/83DA2BBEE7DE4A669CFEF6B1FCA118AA.ashx)

[2] Base rates, no source.
give us files to print!
That's great and that might be the biggest headache to sand since ULTEM is incredibly tough.
Yes, current techniques are still more efficient and 3d printing as far as the special plastics they printed the plane with.
Look how far it's come in the final part will be printed.
Dear people with marketing experience,  
Stop founding startups; you are the least-qualified people in the business world to do so.  
It's funny how the 5 star Amazon reviews are all the users first review. Company trolls.


All the 1 star reviews are the jilted backers.
They have the money to offer kickstarter refunds to anyone who wants them...but they felt the need to sell the coolers at a 200% markup on Amazon to "keep the lights on"??

How does that work?

Let's call this what this is.  Some doofus thought of a doofus idea, and put it on kickstarter thinking maybe he'd get enough money to make a few prototypes and sell them at flea markets.  Instead, he got millions and millions of dollars and probably got greedy.

Now...he has "vendor" issues.  Pretty soon, he will have more issues...and then one day, the company and the cooler will just disappear to his brand and he'll be sitting pretty in his new McMansion that's in his wife's cousin's name.


I had a feeling everything on this cooler would have a very low functional life. Bunch of cheap shit
13 million in Kickstarter money and they are struggling to 'keep the lights on'? Sounds like they should have sold the idea and let someone else run the business....

edit: thank you for the correct numbers.  Fixed it.


My son bought one of these for me for Xmas.  



LAST XMAS


Im still waiting for it.
I honestly thought cooler thing was a joke.
&gt; Again, the company is offering full refunds for anyone — even those who purchased via Kickstarter — if they’d like to claim one.

It seems like they are trying to do good by their backers. I'm not sure what the refund claim process looks like, but it's nice that they are at least offering one.
Cool Idea, but if you are using the blender out on your day of tailgating/camping/beach and you use the battery up, no more Music.
How the fuck do you get 13 million dollars and not have enough resources to get manufacturing going?
That's why I only buy a Ridicooler from Yeti.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B2v_BnDNpds
Do these guys just pass on every contrived excuse given to them by the chinese manufacturers? 
lol this thing is so ridiculous. how can it be that succesful, it's the cooler version of the Homer...
I almost kickstarted something very similar to this a few years back. When this project came around I knew there was almost no way it was going to pan out. The margins aren't there. There was too much manufacturing that didn't seem nailed down. Also, it came across as promising a bit too much.
I got mine from the Kickstarter about a month ago. I love it so far. Well built and heavy duty. The $499 is what they have listed as retail price so they are not selling at a 200% markup on Amazon.
I backed this.  I'm ok with the delays.  Kickstarter projects are typically delayed and the end results usually don't meet your expectations.  Getting bleeding edge shit is risky.  Anyone who disagrees should stay away from crowd funding.
Manufacturing is hard.  I know several people who've gone through YC and other incubators with hardware projects and manufacturing has been a serious pain point that they don't get enough help with.  If we want to keep crowdfunding alive and foster innovation we need to reduce the friction between prototyping and large scale manufacturing.  Dragon Innovation has some great YouTube videos on manufacturing if anyone's interested.  
https://youtu.be/FL0YwYF9aXk

this cooler is shit
I am actually one of the backers who have received their coolest.  I was in the back third of backers but am one of the first to receive mine.

The problem with this thing is it is made too well.  It's sturdy, the battery holds up great, and it functions as advertised.  But it has to cost a lot to produce such quality.  I only paid $180 dollars for mine but I can't imagine a price point of $500 will be sustainable for the business.

Honestly, one of the best things about backing the Coolest (besides I actually have one in my possession) is reading the message board on Kickstarter.  You'd think each one of these coolers came with a vital organ that the backers needed ASAP.  I have never seen so many pissy whiners and complainers thinking their world is going to end over not having this cooler.  Makes me hope the company folds and they get jack-shit.
And ... Manufacturer might offer guarantee on the components that is good only on paper. No one can predict how long before a component on circuit board or mechanism might fail. They are not going to test the shit out of the product , like Siemens or any other German manufacturers ,who for example, test millions of cycles on a product. They have existing m/c setups that can be reused for repetitive / reliability testing of new product that they release. The offshore contract manufacturer simply cannot provide such level of testing.
Yay more scams from kickstarter, the company that doesn't care as long as it already has your money!
[deleted]
This thing was tacky to begin with
FULL BRIDGE RECTIFIER
Fixed: "Macbook charger teardown: The surprising complexity of power adapters."
How is this surprising? It's what you would expect in a charger.
Very interesting article. Thanks for sharing!
Still twice as expensive as it should be. 
Dam interesting, a very good blog. 
Not sure how this is very surprising, anyone with a basic understanding of circuitry would anticipate something to this extent. 
Pardon my french. 

By why the fuck then do they still build them so the cord frays at the base of the charger? We sell genuine and knock off versions as part of our repair business and this is the single most common thing people come in to buy. 

The damn things are a fire hazard, someone has burnt their house down because of that design flaw. Guaranteed.

https://www.google.ca/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;ie=UTF-8#q=apple%20magsafe%20reviews

https://support.apple.com/en-ca/HT201600

http://www.thefrayfix.com/

http://www.instructables.com/id/MacBook-Mag-Safe-Charger-Budget-Repair-Disas/

http://techcrunch.com/2011/11/10/class-action-lawsuit-forces-apple-to-replace-frayed-magsafe-power-cords/
It bugs me that this article conflates complexity with how good the charger is. As a designer of electronics, a lot of the job is about making things as simple as possible. Keeping things simple tends to improve reliability as well as keeping costs down. Sure, more complex requirements also leads to more complex designs but if people are complaining about the unreliability of these chargers I'd question whether they're over-designed.
TIL Current Mac PSU's have processors more powerful than those in the first Mac.
Cool article. Too bad a chain is only as strong as its weakest [link](http://www.apple.com/shop/reviews/MC461LL/A/apple-60w-magsafe-power-adapter-for-macbook-and-13-inch-macbook-pro)
Looks like a pretty standard name-brand charger to me. Yes, it looks better than cheap counterfeits. No, it is no more complex or better than any other name-brand's charger.
I had the extendable Sony cassette walkman (slightly different version). Very cool tech for the time. What ever happened to Sony? They used to be innovative — VCRs, Walkman, Discman, Handcam, DAT — now they're producing bland overpriced TVs and micro stereo equipment. 
I used to have a Sony minidisc player [exactly like this one](http://imgur.com/61j5NLR), it was awesome. The minidiscs held the same amount of data as regular CDs and they were inside a cartridge case that kept the disc from getting scratched. I regret selling it :(
in b4 homemade chainsaw murdering rampage
Sony made a vinyl album player that was smaller than the record. Those things still sell for a few hundred bucks on eBay. 
Can we take a minute to appreciate the music selection displayed in the video?
Basically Techmoans YouTube video as an article. 
Can't go walking in the rain with that.
I always assumed something like this must have existed.
Would loved to have had one of these. I like seeing the CD spin. I had a CD player once with a small window in it but it didn't last long.
Hey! I have one of those! 
I had a mini disc player. It was really cool, until it broke.
Johnny Mnemonic!
My god the ads on that site. I could not even read the article
" What I wouldn't give to see an MP3 player that plays MP3s partway outside of the device."

I'm not sure they know how MP3s work...
Wow I just guessed that CD was the Chronic 2001 and then watched the video. That was weird.
WHERE IS THE VIDEO OF SOMEONE RIDING IT
that is one of the most bullshitty articles I have read in a while 
Well, peace among worlds you too, pal. 
If you want a fast road bike that defies the UCI, then you need to be on a [recumbent](http://www.helsinki.fi/~tlinden/winforb.html). Every bike speed record is on a recumbent. Besides going fast, you also get a more comfortable ride without the neck, back, and wrist pains. The downside is you look like a tool. 
There are global racing rules? The rules forbid to have storage and, for some reason, an iPad embedded in the frame? Also a motor?

Such defiance!
it's a moped not a bicycle
Couldn't you just use a car and "defy global racing rules"?
Can't believe there's no Spesh-hate posted yet!
How many times is this bike gonna be posted here?
Yay! Another totally impractical $10,000 bicycle that meets nobody's needs! 
&gt;“This little motor will get the flywheel up to speed so when you’re stopped at a stop sign, or when you’re starting out of your garage in the morning, this’ll be that burst of power to get the flywheel up and running.”

hm, doesn't this make it a motorcycle?
[deleted]
The way I see it, anybody who's interested enough in cycling to buy something like this is definitely going to be taking part in one form or another of ~~motorcycle~~ bicycle racing. So he is going to need a bike that complies to the rules. I really don't see a big market for something like this.
you wouldn't be able to walk around, just look around, light is linear and therefore you can't see the back of objects. So if you moved around the scene everything would look like this: https://youtu.be/7QrnwoO1-8A?t=42s
ELI5?

(I know...I'm sad)
Well, I'm turned on. This technology is going to allow for some really amazing things. I've been following these folks for a while now. Brilliant people. Thanks OP.
Damn, if this is what I think it is, then you would be able to walk around inside of a movie scene just as you would playing a video game with the HTC Vive?

I wouldn't mind chilling in the back of the Millenium Falcon with my good buddy Orville Redenbacher watching Han shoot TIE fighters. Sounds like a good time.
What's stopping someone from building a larger more powerful version of this that can take images further away and in better quality?

Could you shoot behind walls, through windows, etc?
If you could move around a lot, then you'd be able to move your head within the volume of the Millenium Falcon with my good buddy Orville Redenbacher watching Han shoot TIE fighters.
This will be used to provide a *ton* of content for the Oculus Rift!
What stops you from walking into a wall while using it?
But in all seriousness - Wow . . . it's hard to imagine what this would be like to use.
Er, there are apps for Mac, Linux, and Windows that will do the exact same task with *any*  bluetooth device, including a phone which you likely already have.
So this is for people too lazy to hit Win+L to lock their workstations. 

I'm a little leery of calling this a security upgrade, since you go from 'password security' which is super weak to 'access card security' which is even worse.

Buy a fingerprint scanner, use Win+L to lock your workstation and then scan your fingerprint to unlock. 

WAY WAY better from a security perspective
Wow, [flashback.](http://dansdata.com/pclock.htm)
I have one of these and they're okay, like the review stated the connection is pretty sketchy. Sometimes I have to wait several seconds before it unlocks my laptop
I am the keymaster!

Outside of that, looks pretty lame. 
I think it is a great gadget to use, let's say at home. If you have to quickly go to a meeting or an event, you can setup to make it automatically lock your computer for you. 

On the contrary, I believe that it is about convenience instead of security! I mean, it could be hacked period. But in a secure setting, just don't use the gadget if I were you, because data is expensive to recover as well as possible ID theft. 
The Relationship Keeper
This is kinda unnecessary I can do with with my phone
I want to say this is ridiculous but.... I mean. Okay how much is shipping.
Do trey really use stuff like this in Japan?
This looks like one of those inventions that the one lady with a crazy inventions youtube channel would build but would replace the rest with a slap to keep you awake while studying.
This looks just like Doublelift 20 years from now...
Does it slap the shit out of you if you fall asleep?
Does it hold me by my nut sack and shake my little bottom too? That always calms me right down when I'm feeling stressed.
Pretty sure that'll only get in the way of your work.
That site had me at "cat ear headphones".
Do you want a weak neck? Because that's how you get a weak neck.
And you didn't think of that that it only an amusing thing which will only disturb work on a desktop. and just as the person is known doesn't rekomedutsya to touch dirty once again, and from this gadget you awake to clean dirt every day? I think it not the best option. (excuse for my bad English)
That's ridiculous. There's no under chin support at all! Who rests their face against a flat hand? Japan sure is crazy.
Looks like it's giving him the pimp hand
Also caresses you cause no one else will you lonely fuck
"It appears you seem to think Luke is evil in the new trilogy, and are shitposting about it with abandon. Administering healthy slap in the face."
That's just Inspector gadget.
Anyone else have their hand on their face while reading this?
This requires sitting so close that your elbows are actually on the table. That would be a terribly uncomfortable way to sit and type.  I sit with the keyboard on the edge of the table, the heel of my hands resting on the pad at the bottom of the keyboard, and my elbows either on the chair arms or simply floating. Otherwise...
(Thinking to myself) "Only the Japanese would come up with...oh, yep.  It's Japanese."
If it is like using your own hand then you would need to lean forward while you type. This is the worst thing you can do for your spine. not very well thought out imo.
And then it slaps you when you start to doze off.
That seems completely unnecessary. I love it! 
My first feeling when I saw the picture: Is it made in Japan? 
They are making too many weird gizmos... 
Wow whoever made this is one lazy fucker. Hit the gym and don't lounge around all the time, your posture will improve way more and actually make you healthy instead of this piece of embarrassment.
What a lazy piece of shit
At first, my reaction was "What would it even be useful for."
Then I realised, I am currently holding my face in place with my hand, whilst browsing reddit.
Holy shit we are doomed.  Laziness knows no bounds.
Alternatively used by the know-it-all in class who raised their hand so much they thought it would fall off. Just keep this hand raised all the time. 
[deleted]
Does CNET not have a staff member that speaks Japanese?
I wonder if you could map 3d environments for video games quickly with this.  You could have a full city where every building has an interior that matches reality.  
http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/starwars/images/7/7f/Training_remote.JPG/revision/latest?cb=20080124042606
360 degrees the camera - a thing very good. but such high price - I think this camera only very serious people will be able to afford. It seems to this company it was worth letting out something more available. though all parameters read off scale up that justifies the price. (excuse for bad English) up
https://ixquick-proxy.com/do/spg/show_picture.pl?l=english&amp;rais=1&amp;oiu=http%3A%2F%2Fa.dilcdn.com%2Fbl%2Fwp-content%2Fuploads%2Fsites%2F6%2F2014%2F07%2Fstar-wars-droids-probe-droid.jpg&amp;sp=5755eedd43796c3d82fd507a5e0c69b4

Forgive the horrendous link. :)
Can't wait for these to be implemented at sporting events.  Just throw on your VR headset at home pick your angle, sit back and enjoy your front row/court side seats. 
Despite this canon price, the bold design of the device, its features and its great versatility (with a host of accessories) may type in the eye of many pro videographers and artists who want to embark on the adventure VR with truly professional equipment.
http://www.protipswet.com/2015/12/ozo-nokia.html
Can't wait until every Webcam girl has one of these
Excellent, now make it smaller and lighter. Then strap it to a drone or find a way to make it levitate and you have one hell of a product.
This is really great actually,  I've worked in ophthalmology for years. Blue light exposure after the sun falls seems to have a huge effect, especially with children. Apps like f.lux for windows and twilight for android are good ones as well (though they don't filter all blue light out). I don't know of any for the iphone... Maybe someone else does?

Life pro tip: your laptop can do this too. If you stay up late on the laptop and have a hard time getting to sleep, download this handy tool:

https://justgetflux.com/

It worked for me, and it supports windows, linux, mac, iphone, ipad, android
[f.lux](https://justgetflux.com/) for your pc, 
and for your android phone or tablet
[Twilight](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.urbandroid.lux)

This is not a filter, it simply changes the colors so very little, if any, blue light is emitted. It's not filtering it out, it's simply not emitting it in the first place.
[deleted]
They need this for all screens.
Is it just another app, or actually setup as part of the OS?

Currently in Android if you use a service like Twilight you have to pause it to install things (The logic being that someone changes the UI they could nefariously cause you to install some malware).
you can get blue-blocker googles/glasses online for about 5 bucks.  I had a pair for a while, but they became annoying.


As a startuper I really haven't enough time for sleep, so when I'm going to bed, even after reading on the screen, I'll fall asleep in seconds :)
wonder if this will solve the persistent headaches i seem to get at the end of every day from staring at screens
Didn't the One Plus One have something like this? Like, it turned the screen orange at night?

u/Kawaii_Goddess, I need vindication on this! 
Android lollipop has this feature built in.
Are they gluten free yet?

As long as we're working on 'solving' b.s. problems.
Just give us OLED PC monitors and we will buy them like hotcakes.
Does it really count if it's multiple small panels put together? I wonder what the resolution is on that bad boy.
Misleading. It's made up of smaller panels. 
Now can they start putting them in laptops? Thx!
OLED my ass so my shit turns beyond real!
Damn how can I get this at home... FO4 would look amazing. 
i need this 
Lg sticks 140 screens together
That's so big it's hard to imagine exactly how large that is! (That's what she said)
Seems typical for Australia. 
You will like the Bierbike:  
http://i.imgur.com/YfUPmPu.jpg  
  
Each passenger has a pedal from which it's powered. 
&gt; Police later issued a statement in which they said they were concerned for the safety of the men, who had no protective clothing, 

Something tells me that wasn't exactly a priority.
I hope they never find them. That looks awesome.
As much as I welcome the idea of having a high end smartphone with a physical keyboard... I think I'd go with a qwerty one rather than an oldschool numeric keyboard, good on them for throwing some more variety out there though :) 
I cant wait to hang up on people with this! 
Sexy as hell. Hope they come stateside.
Stop playing with your clam
I would definitely use this device. I currently have the S6 Edge but dual sim means I won't need to also carry my iPhone 6S everywhere. I think this phone will be popular.
Hm, whats the difference between this one and the g9198? Are Samsung releasing two high end shellphones to the same market at the same time? 

http://www.samsung.com/cn/consumer/mobile-phones/smart-phone/other/SM-G9198BKACHM
Bringing back old designs is not innovation. 
Numeric button type faster with one hand, nice phone 
Can I get a company to forward this to the US? Would it be possible to get it to work? I would love to have this and I've heard of some companies forwarding electronics. Any possible way to unlock it from a region? Rooting maybe?
really dumb to have a numerical keyboard. that severely restricts their market. 
  
also i think they shouldve innovated the idea. how about the screen part of the phone can flip on the vertical axis, so when you're in keyboard mode you can double your screen size. 
Cool but I had a flip phone years ago. 
Can someone link to an article in proper english?
Why? Why is this getting upvoted? Is it really that fascinating?
Why do they always put ugly clocks on the front screen?
I miss the 'close phone' hang up. Felt so satisfying to end a call.. 
I miss clamshells honestly. Always did love the feel of popping it open and snapping it shut.
I'm very tempted to get one of these if they make it to North America. T9 was my jam back in the day.
Whomever wrote this article thinks themselves very clever, but has not been keeping up with the times. Samsung has made multiple flip phone models, many of them running Android, and continues to do so. They sell in various Asian markets. This is not new, or novel, or in any means laughable. The only new thing about this phone is that is a newly released model, presumably replacing some similar older model. LG and Lenovo make smartphone flippers, too.
I remember my first cell phone was a [Samsung i500](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Samsung_SPH-i500). It was a clam shell touch screen smart phone way back in 2003. That dang phone cost me more than I paid for my first car. My favorite thing about it was it had an IR blaster so with the right app you could control any tv. I'd go to Walmart and randomly switch inputs or turn off tvs that they had on display. 

I had some good times with the palm os.
Flip phones have always been, and forever will be, in. 
All I want is another G1-like phone, slide out keyboards are 100% superior to flip phones and especially so to touch screens. (Even when we get screen haptics, why have a keyboard that takes up screen space?)
Oh hai
Looks like Dell is fixing battery issues faster than Microsoft 
They also fixed the laggy trackpad. It's incredible now. A perfect 10/10 ultrabook.
This a great computer, if I was to get a PC this would one of the top choices. It has good reviews on Amazon as well. Here's its reviews summary: http://criticjam.com/reviews/laptops/laptops/Model-dell-xps13-ultrabook-computer
Is there a 15 bug fix or is the 15s battery just utter shit
What turns me off on most of these cameras hitting the market these days is their dependencies on 3rd party servers.
garbage. spend a couple bucks more and get a hikvision 3meg camera and get a much much much better camera with something that can actually pull still images from that you can make out detail. this camera is nothing special and no better then the yi you can pick up on gearbest for 30 bucks. 
Where is the power cord? Where is the option to buy? Too many unanswered questions for a littler camera. 
I turn my old cellphones into IP Cameras to monitor my dogs. It's fairly easy (5 mins) to setup.
While the idea is outstanding, the price-point is a bit much. I get it is a new idea and while I am sure there is a similar competitor, the price will remain high-ish until the technology is more easily developed; if indeed consumers in mass push that way. I do not see why someone would spend $40 on 20 cards when they can buy 200-400 at the same price with Smart Tags or Bar Codes etc. 
At a conservative estimate approximately 60% of my clients have iPhones. 
I actually made my own at one point.  You can buy blank ones cheap.  NFC has some amazing possibilities that are rarely used.  Not all phone support it.  So it doesnt hurt to put a QR code there as well as another poster mentions.  And finally...back it all up with the actual data people can scan in, or just type in.  

It sounds like a lot, but its not.  put the QR code on the back. the nfc chip is inside of course...and other then that its a normal business card.

Theres other things you can do-I bought some of the round sticky ones, and am planning on sticking one to my dash so that I can just scan it, and the phone pulls up a map to my home, and texts my wife that I am on my way.  Still working on how to give her a ETa though.
You know you can buy NFC sticker inlays for as low as 20 cents each and program with any NFC enable Android Phone.

For fun I made my own NFC business cards for an additional $0.50 (I bought a small pack of 10 NFC inlays for $5. Prices drop when you start buying rolls of 100+).
For everyone chiming in on the price, this is considerably cheap for a Tag Heuer.
Hmmm.  Luxury mechanical watch producers have tried for years to cross-market into electronics - I think a couple of them tried ill-advised luxury phones, and now these smartwatches.  All have failed to realize the main draws for good mechanical watches are (a) they're little machines that (b) are finished like jewelry.  These new smartwatches are not so much little machines as they are sensors packed full of solid-state electronics, no moving parts, and they're finished to consumer-electronics standards.  So they're neither of the things that watch collectors like.

Sure you'll find crossover among watch aficionados in luxury goods in general, but you notice a correlation between *old-fashioned* luxury and watches, not, say, up-to-the-minute tech and watches.  I never see watch guys posting their pics of their computers etc., but I do see them posting pics of their old camera collections, motorcycles and cars, and high-end antiques.

Finally, TAG-Heuers are not considered luxury watches among people who know watches.  They're midrange watches that owe a lot of their popularity to advertising rather than watchmaking prowess or history...they took over Heuer in order to get that.  And vintage Heuer watches are considered, even thirty-odd years after the takeover, to be considerably above TAG-Heuer in terms of watch quality.  They're not bad watches I suppose but if you're going to spend proper-watch money, the cognoscenti are of the opinion that you might as well spend it on a proper watch.
Anyone know if this watch will have a speaker built in ready for when Android Wear updates to take phone calls? So you can answer, listen, and talk towards your watch?

were the rumors of the Huawei watch  having one true?

So mad the new Samsung does not take calls remotely.
These luxury brands need to focus on what they do well to stay relevant and solvent once smart watches become popular. Create high quality bracelets and cases with sapphire crystals and allow for the movement to be easily replaceable/upgraded. 
Well, it's cheaper than the gold Apple Watch.
It's fugly!  
It's an expensive piece, but it's TAG Heuer, so you get a real high quality watch and not some pseudo wristband.

The cool thing is, the mechanical version costs 3k. In 2 years, when the technology will be outdated, you can replace it for a mechanical one with an additional 1.5k.
It's going to be shit, I guarentee it.
id rather travel outside the country than spend 1500 on some bunk ass watch
It has a planned 10 minutes of fuel. Much better than a peroxide rocket but hardly sustainable.  
http://jetpackaviation.com
That's incredible. Is that real? I thought these things were about as likely to become real as hoverboards (as in, proper hoverboards, not those sideways electric skateboards people are using).
I'm so over these corporate attempts at making adverts inspiring. You dont have to fucking oversaturate everything in HD slowmow with a simple but driving electronic beat playing in the background. And dont forget the inspiring watermark or hashtag. 

Plus, with that many jumps in editing, we have no clue how long this thing was actually airborne. The timer suggests its he is at 4:27 of flight time, but that could be complete BS.
I think the word you're looking for is "stable", not "sustainable".
It's nice to see an actual jet-pack though I hope both him and the [Martin jetpack](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SHPedpE70Es) make it into mainstream... Hopefully the ducted-fans can last longer...

Edit: The [Martin jetpack is stated at 30 min +](http://www.martinjetpack.com/technical) flight time whilst the [JB-9 jetpack claims 10 min +](http://jetpackaviation.com/) flight time.
I think I'm going to change my life ambitions from nothing to Rocketeer!
Commuting by jet pack is so close!
Alright, we got a rocketeer!  Bring on the Kirovs!
brb, going to watch the Jetsons.
that's so bad ass, and so scary
Run it in guest mode, sign into a VPN and you have a very hard to trace platform. 
The [Lenovo Ideacentre Stick 300](http://www.amazon.com/Lenovo-ideacentre-Stick-Computer-90F20000US/dp/B014644NPI) can be had for $15 more, and comes with full-fledged Windows OS.
Good... Albeit a let down with proprietary charger which is a massive put off.
General question: Why doesn't Google develop this hardware in house? Is it easier (cheaper?) for Google to send hardware R&amp;D over to ASUS?  
Fuck ASUS, I have one of their tablets and it is a POS.  It has to be updated every other day and the updates take several hours.
TFA says nothing about wlan, wifi or network. I guess it is implicit these days then, that every computer has wifi?
I don't get it.
I see the appeal, but like with computers the draw of modularity is making something perfect for your needs while minimising price. With this phone it seems like the additional cost of manufacturing and design would push it out of the economical price bracket. That said, if I can make a rubbish phone with a huge battery that lasts a whole week i'm all game.
we'll see if gets 5 years of support, will future chips fit the form factor that they establish?  
Why do we want modular phones?
I hope this idea becomes more popular if only for the screens. Either that or everyone should go the Motorola route and make them unbreakable.
It's been years since a phone got even close to 8 on ifixit. They better cover this one and give it a 9 or 10.  The issue is at least with me is that I make most of my phones last 3 to 5 years anyway. Most of which are hand me downs from those who grow tired of them. I find people who have £350+ phones to be very decadent. I love the concept I just wish it was cheaper. I guess that's issue though, it's an ethical device so it has to cost more. I'm not sure if those of us who want to be ethical and don't have the cash would be better off just using people's discarded devices instead. Reducing total demand and environmental impact. 
"We sent an e-mail..." = we did the absolute fucking least we could do.
Simple. Their manufacturing process didn't scale. So while they had a functioning prototype, they could only produce a handful of drones using it. In order to meet the number of orders they had to redesign the entire thing. 
Maybe they should try faxing them, too.
They have basically no obligations to backers.  Kickstarter is a venture capital model and if and only if they succeed, they owe the contractual goods or services.  People need to know that when they give kickstarter money, it's basically a donation.
"Fuck you. Fuck you. Hello everyone, We are proud to announce our newest business model. It'll be our biggest fuck you yet."
bait and bail
Did the email say "You don't really have any obligations"? 
unambiguously deception. nobody is insured from troubles, but people who assume such heavy responsibility simply have no right for a mistake therefore all that there is further simply a thirst of a profit. I advise all attentively to study each project - is a lot of very worthy, it is only necessary to penetrate (excuse, if my English not correct)
Other than Pebble watches have there been any truly successful projects out of the Kickstarter website?
Kickstarter got their money, thats all that matters. 
What a joke, your arms will fall asleep in minutes.
A neckbeards dream
Man!  This thing is so awesome! I'm going to get so much work done without needing to worry about back stress.  

I'll just rest my eyes for a second and...ZZZZ

I love the idea, but I'd be getting all of my work done in short bursts between long naps.  
Or you could spend 20 bucks on some prism glasses to see the monitor/TV while lying down

Edit: Stupid autocorrect
That means i can have some fun and go for a nap all in one. How handy.
All fun in games until a nut gets a little loose....
Hell yes, screw standing desks, this is what tech nerds really want.
I would never get any work done would be to busy sleeping 
I don't think mice typically defy gravity 
Somebody loved the description of Ogden Morrow's OASIS workstation in Ready Player One.
This workstation isn't real. It's molded out of clay and used to incite a reaction. 
Most people already know about the app situation. Why would new hardware and a new os version automatically equal more apps? 

Give me a review comparing this phone to the last flagship or another flagship running win 10 and a comparison of mobile 8.1 against 10.

I need to know what this phone does well, not what it cant do that android and iphone can. 

For example. I plan to get one for corp use because they are removing blackberry support. Tell me about the exchange integration or office 365. For example. The ios mail app can't forward exchange meeting invites. 
I get annoyed with these reviews about how the app pool sucks... Yes, it does. Everybody knows it does... Presumably if I'm interested in a Windows phone, it's because of everything else... So focus more on that. 
&gt; The cursor doesn't quite keep up when you're typing quickly either, so there's a bit of visual turbulence as your fingers fly, and without automated spell check in the Word doc, it's hard to correct errors -- sometimes you will see suggestions appear on the phone screen, all the way down by your elbow. 

I wonder if the author was using wireless continuum.  Wired, there should be no lag.
I'd still love to try it
That woman does not have a pleasant voice.
Looks like BlackBerry 10 critics are now moving on to Microsoft's Windows Phone platform. Great hardware but limited selection of apps. 
Its really just the apps.
CNet hates Microsoft and sucks Apple's cancerous cock.
Interesting. Although I've never understood, if you are willing to carry around a keyboard and mouse to use with your phone, why not just bring a notebook/small laptop? You've got more power, and it's not that much larger. 
I think Microsoft should get in contact with some of the top app developers and get permission to port the app over to WP free of charge and get it functioning perfectly. From that point Microsoft will hand the app back over to the developer so they can maintain it.
Little disappointed man...  But OK I can deal with it 
Cool but not too new of an invention. I got one of these for my brother in law two christmas's ago.
"...when they actually work as described."
This is basically the Philips Hue, but using blue tooth. The Philips hue is better, because you can control it anywhere with wifi (turn on/off lights from work etc)
Don't buy this. The bulb will burn out.  For the same effect, get something like a WeMo switch.  I have two and they work great, and the bonus is that when the bulb or light breaks, I just replace it.  Having the switch inside a bulb is just wasting money.

I have one WeMo switch in my garage that controls all my backyard lighting.  It's set to go on at sundown and turn off at sunrise (it adjusts to actual times throughout the year).
Cool idea, but I like the Japanese versions that come with Wifi better.
LIFX is a bluetooth bulb that was on Kickstarter in 2012, so this is not really new.
Recently bought one of these. Works well, bluetooth is limiting compared to wifi/smart home hubs.
Shoot now focus later sounds like a police slogan. 
How come Lytro hasn't licensed what it does to other big brands?  
I could swear this feature was on my Nokia Lumia 1020 two years ago... 

http://www.windowscentral.com/hands-nokia-refocus-shoot-now-focus-later
Too bad it's still like 400 bucks!  I was thinking hmmm early christmas present for me. lol
Gotta love mirrorless cameras
With this technology could you take a picture that is in focus everywhere in the photo? 
Could the day this focus-later feature gets transferred to DSLR camera come soon? Is it even possible? It's true that people should learn how to property focus but, come on, everybody has that moment when you have got a great shot but, oooops!, out of focus.
I just did the software upgrade for my Panasonic Lumix G7 that enables this feature.

What it does is do a "burst 4K" video recording about 2 seconds long where the camera rolls the focus towards and backwards. Then the software allows you to pick your focus point and it extracts that frame from the 4K video.

It's kind of neat as a demo, but I'll stick with regular shooting for my pictures.
He keeps using the term "soundstage" incorrectly.

I'm surprised Xaiomi has discontinued the piston 3, it came out pretty recently.
I am extremely pleased with my piston 2's. Might have to get these.
Desperate to get it.
Any good source to get a legit pair of these? I am afraid to put my CC info into some rando site. 
Just ordered mine last night, super hyped!
The mic works on ios but the buttons don't, right?
I always found my Pistons 3.0 to sound a bit "compressed" I was thinking in getting a more expensive pair to replace them, but now I wonder if these new Hybrids are any good
When did they do it the first time? 
So a future use of this would be to put it somewhere like the grand Canyon and have it broadcast it's VR feed online so you can be at home and REALLY feel like you are at the Grand canyon. This would be awesome for tourism and also concerts. 
when i can get this when it will be available?
That's high as Giraffe's pussy!
Damn right after black friday. Looks like I'll have to wait til next year.
I find it very hard to believe that they claim to put so much engineering thought into this, and yet it cannot see backwards due to that thing sticking out the back. In any true VR experience you should be able to look almost in any direction. They should have made that thing stick straight down, into the tripod if necessary.  When I am looking out my own eyes I can't literally look straight down my brainstem because my body and legs are there so in the experience if I look down and see just toes or feet that doesn't ruin the experience in anyway. Poor design.
I'm a little disappointed that the OZO isn't a full 360 solution. The OZO seems to have a huge blind spot in the back. For $60k, I expect full 360 coverage excluding the mounting point. 
Yeah, that's just gonna fly off the shelves...
[deleted]
Looks cool, briefly, but you'd get over that method of height adjustment quickly, ones with stored button preset heights you can quickly change are much more practical. 
It's a cool table, but an app to change the height remotely? Do me a favour...
I can think of many naughty ideas for that table...
Why are these types of things always sent to Africa. only? I want one. And I know they'd sell like hotcakes everywhere. 
I would like to see a design that doubles the size and can attach it to a rear wheel bike system for another way to run it.
How we like it? Very simple and very effective.
Although in a perfect world there'd be no need for it, loads of people would have great advantage from it, first of all saving precious water.
I would be all over this if it was front loader style
I have this phone and it's awesome. I use it as an mp3 player only on wifi. Cheaper than just buying a micro usb charger, it's great. http://imgur.com/kZ12eE4 Compared to my S6. It has expandable memory and the only problem I've had with it at all is the screen size, which is also a good thing. Any questions on a verified owner?
I've been using a $27 LG Optimus Fuel for a while. It works.

Article's conclusion: Get a $180 or $250 phone instead.
[deleted]
I am tempted to get one and dismantle it for a raspberry pi project. All of those parts cost more separately and you get a touchscreen, wifi, 3g, etc.
&gt; has better specs than the original iPhone

what the hell? it's like 10 times better, but not even fair comparison, iPhone is almost 10 years old. why did he even compare?
I guess my point is if it can only be used as a phone then big whoop on the price. Android without the benefits is like sex without the happy ending.
I wonder whether or not need to pay extra money for every month .
anyone know if you can buy this online? need it in aus
ugh. Smartphones are why normies and poors managed to get internet access, and ruin it with social media. Now we're gonna have ultra-poors online.
This is a brilliant idea that will never see the LIGHT of day.  haha.  It has good merit, but can't work in the dark.  Think about all of the small things that can cause this not to work.  Paper covering the 'receiver port', clothing covering and interrupting data flow, being in a dim corner on purpose to be alone and getting a shitty signal because of poor light, there are too many issues with this.  It's a great idea, but ....yea, I don't think so.  I'm not going to be on the early adopter list of this rotten tech.
Here what I already posted about the subject, covering a few points and why it's not practical:


&gt; I've seen the Tech talk where he gives more details than the article. It is feasible, really impractical.
&gt; 
&gt; Going to jump straight to the points and skip his conceptual errors on light-visible light - electromagnetic spectrum and where he claim that visible light created life and is inherently safe to use (sure, just stare at a lightbulb for a min, man. Or maybe those high powered laser).
&gt; 
&gt; Let me break it down:
&gt; 
&gt; Capacity ("already in the infrastructure, there"), Efficiency (energy usage), the cellular network, Security, Radiowave penetration, Infracstructure already there, Light bulb transmitter, demonstrator proof, power failure, hardware requirement and maintenance.
&gt; 
&gt; 
&gt; **Capacity - "Already in the infrastructure, there"**
&gt; 
&gt; He is exclusively talking about how much data it can transmit. What about network capacity? If you want light bulb to send data, you still need the network infrastructure which isn't there, at all. You got light, but hey, what you only need to do is connect all of them to a modulator.
&gt; 
&gt; **Efficiency ("Energy usage")**
&gt; 
&gt; I do think this is efficient in therm of energy usage, hey, we need visible light to see. What was odd is when he mentioned in security to turn the light to the side to prevent transmission. Flexible desk light as on the demonstrator, sure. A ceiling light? A lamp post? You got to be kidding me. If you want to turn it away, either you build it with the angle in mind (which I believe would drive cost up as this would be custom made) or what, I believe is more practical, put a motor and flexible parts to be able to move it in the direction you want. Which consume more energy than a simple light bulb.
&gt; 
&gt; **Cellular network**
&gt; 
&gt; You want to replace cellular towers with Li-Fi. So you want to buy the right, contracts, contractors that will build your network infrastructure that will connect your cities to these carriers to replace their towers? Forget replacing, we will build from scratch.
&gt; 
&gt; **Security**
&gt; 
&gt; Wifi, isn't built with security in mind. It's very obvious when you step into the world of security analysts and researchers. Heck, have some fun with Kali Linux and try to crack your own Wifi/bluetooth, jam the signal if you want (do it on anyone else and it's a felony FYI). However, Li-Fi consist of visible light. Just get under the light. Sure it's different. We already have ways to take control of cameras/web cams, which will be used to transmit and receive over LI-FI. The security implication are different, but nothing is ever fully secure. WPA/WPA2-Enterprise and RADIUS already got you covered for entreprise.
&gt; 
&gt; 
&gt; **Radiowave penetration**
&gt; 
&gt; Entreprise graded WIFI networking equipment can already be configured to prevent radiowave from leaving the room/building.
&gt; 
&gt; **Infracstructure already there**
&gt; Already sort of covered that.
&gt; 
&gt; Umm, no. You got lightbulbs. You then need to wire all of them to modulating equipment, then networking equipment. It takes wires. Re-doing your building wiring takes time and money. I've seen a comment mention that something similar to powerlines, which transmit in the available bandwidth of the copper cables of your building, could be used to connect the lightbulbs. It work, but there is a reason why the speed is limited with powerlines, and it have to do with the copper and frames collisions.
&gt; 
&gt; 
&gt; **Light bulb transmitter**
&gt; 
&gt; It's a transmitter, not a receiver. Can we call that networking if transmission is only on one side?
&gt; You think the lightbulb could receive the data from a phone/pc, etc? I will cover that.
&gt; 
&gt; **Demonstrator proof**
&gt; 
&gt; ~~I'm not denying that his demo was real. I think it works,~~ I think it's possible to do it. However, if you suspend your believe for a sec, you could have just hooked an IR detector/distance sensor to pause the video. Wait! He paused the video, and it picked up right on the right time? Since when is the interruption of data is going to, not only pause, but re-establish the video exactly where it was left on? This required two ways communication, this isn't simply the light bulb sending data. He haven't talked about about it in his presentation. I'm calling BS on his demo. 
&gt; 
&gt; 
&gt; **Power failure**
&gt; 
&gt; You just need a generator (or generators) to keep the network up instead of some UPS when there is a power outage.
&gt; 
&gt; **Hardware requirement**
&gt; 
&gt; Client side. You need a device that can process 1 gigabits per second. Doable? Yes. I think we could have mobiles/tablet that can manage that sort of traffic. The problem that I see is that it's 1 gigabits per second that needs to be captured by your camera (which, by the way, consume shit tons of battery). You need to capture a lot of frames per second for that. Are the really expansive, heavy and big high-speed cameras up for the tasks?
&gt; 
&gt; 
&gt; **Maintenance**
&gt; 
&gt; Instead of just replacing faulty equipment, you essentially have to grab a ladder, find the problematic light bulb and swap it. Which, fyi, isn't the job of IT, but of the maintenance crew. Probably will also need to clean them if your environment is dusty.
&gt; 
&gt; 
&gt; **In conclusion**
&gt; 
&gt; "So, **all we would need to do** is to fit a small microchip to every potential illumination device." 
&gt; Classic Ted talk.
what if you could add such a device to your tablet/pc/phone provided that it's small enough. No idea how it would work, also, wouldn't energy bills skyrocket? It would be great if this thing was portable though, like carry a smaller Li-fi device in your pocket and take it out and attach it to something if necessary. Does anybody know the price of Li-fi, hope it's not super jacked up? 
Last time I used IR connection it wasn't fast nor stable or easy to use. Don't see how visible light is better.   
Too bad it can't go through walls
I got all my pieces of vinyl on my Sonos, boff.
How much is it
?
Yeah that's great. Too bad it's pathetically expensive. 
I don't get what is the point of these.

For $500 you can get a receiver and a pretty decent pair of floorstanding speakers plus a bluetooth dongle to play your music "wirelessly".

A Moto Play adapter only costs $20 and has a lot more function than Sonos.
Originally bought 2 play 5's and I loved them so much I bought 6 more For my house. They put out great sound for their size 
This looks great.
I thought this device has been out for years?

Anyone know how this would compare to a Bose of a similar price and function? I've always found Bose sound to be insanely good value for money trumping many other overpriced brands.
The best *eats caviar courtesy of Sonos* sounding wireless *sups Sonos-provided Champagne* speaker *gulp* we've ever used.

FTFY.
That was actually a really cool and to-the-point video.
Can we get a Vespa vs. Kawasaki Ninja comparison next?
Wow!  This is a great, short and sweet, comparison video!  Loved it!  I have to say in my predicament, where I want a tablet but happen to have a crapped out laptop, I think the Surface Pro 4 would be better for me. 
The fact that the surface has a USB 3.0 port, where the iPad pro has none, should help make the decision a lot easier for many people. Otherwise the video was pretty spot on.
Presenter needs to enunciate. Too much mumbling. 

Otherwise, this was an excellent format for comparison.
1. ipad is overpriced, not buggy, doesnt do as much
2. surface is better priced, does much more, is very buggy
I was expecting the same bashing on everything non-Apple that we came to expect from the Verge so this was uplifting.

I have never had the urge to buy a Microsoft Surface but from what I can tell from the latest generation, they should be proud of what they released. The same goes for the Surface Book (although I would never pay that much for one).

I used both devices in a Microsoft store and found that the stylus doesn't really do anything special unless you have an app that takes advantage of its capabilities. Erasing stuff like on an iPad Pro would be very useful. 
Remember to resubmit this link in about five months when people turn on their AC for the first time in the year and it doesn't work. 
As an analogue solution, how can they guarantee this will work reliably across different models, conditions, and noise pollution levels?

This would require a database of all known problems, associated noises these problems create (if any!) and would need to calculate the probability of there both being a problem and identifying the correct problem.

There are too many uncontrollable variables for this to work reliably, surely?
I think it will send wrong signals sometimes .In addition ,if the gadget has something wrong ,who knows what happened to it ?
Website not updated in over a year I call vaporware.
Sometimes I go into the comment section of a gadget that I think is really nifty and all I see are people poking holes in the theory.... and it makes me feel like an idiot for thinking it was cool to begin with.
If it can read power levels, I'm good.
does a patent show anything these days about 'being developed'? or just what they want to patent to keep others from building?
Still looks hilarious
Why would the want to remake this. It was such a huge fail! Lets just hope it will be better
Ugh no google. I'm not strapping your tracking device to my head. 
Giving the people what they want.
Why don't they just focus on a contact lens, surely that is what we really want. Ok, it's nowhere near possible anytime soon but they are google. By 2050 we could have Google Eye if they put their mind to it.
