All my heroes are retiring, I guess this is growing up.
&gt; You gave a six-year-old boy his Laker dream

&gt;And I’ll always love you for it.

&gt;But I can’t love you obsessively for much longer.

&gt;This season is all I have left to give.

&gt;My heart can take the pounding

&gt;My mind can handle the grind

&gt;But my body knows it’s time to say goodbye.

That is so beautiful and devastating at the same time.

Adios, Mamba.
Kobe crashed The Prayers Tribune, site is down... 
&gt;I’m ready to let you go.

This Hurts my soul. Its hard to imagine Kobe saying this, but here it is.
Absolute legend. I'm lucky I got to see one of the greatest to ever do it. We all are. 
Even as a Spurs fan I really hope he turns his season around and finishes on a good note. One of the GOATs
At first I hated you.

Then I just feared you.

Then I respected you.

Now I love you.
You know, this is the saddest part about professional sports and a microcosm of aging. Kobe Bryant wants to play basketball at a high level more than anything else in his life. At this point, he would probably give just about anything to be able to lace them up and play at his peak. But those days are gone and that will probably haunt him until he dies. The same goes for Jordan, Bird, and the rest of the all time greats who would die for the sport. When you hit that point, that's it and there is no more. Love him or hate him, Kobe Bryant cares about basketball more than the vast majority of people will ever care about anything.  

You can say it isn't tangible or real, but I'm sure the pain a top tier professional athlete goes through when they can't do it anymore is similar to what it's like when a person loses someone they hold dear to them. Hell, it's probably worse. This man has dedicated his entire life to one craft. From childhood to his late thirties. It's like losing your purpose in life. Sure people may say Kobe is extraordinarily wealthy/famous/etc. But we as children don't aspire to be athletes for the money or fame, we do it for the love of the game. And when you care about and play at the level of someone like Kobe, that passion never goes away. And he actually reached what we pretended to do on the playgrounds. He actually BECAME the guy that millions of kids emulate counting down for the final shot on their backyard goal when the suns going down. And now it's gone.  

Jesus I hate when it's the basketball offseason because I miss the game, and I have no affiliation with basketball outside of fandom. I couldn't imagine life without basketball. Much less trying to comprehend what it's like to dedicate my entire existence to it, becoming the absolute best, and then it vanishing in what seems to be overnight. 

We all know Kobe is finished, but deep down inside he still believes there is a chance he can do it. He will never play at a high level again, but he's out there every night hoping tonight is the night I get "IT" back. And every night he leaves disappointed yet still continues to work because he's not quite ready to give up on "IT". It's like trying to do something that you've aspired to do and worked for your entire life and then when that moment is there, you fail miserably. And then you repeat the same sequence almost every night for 6 straight months.

While the life of professional athletes is heralded by our society, this is one area that is forgotten and one that I am not envious of. I am no fan of the Lakers nor have I ever particularly rooted for Kobe, but here I am expressing legitimate compassion for him. Not because his career is over and I will miss the player he was, quite the opposite in fact. I feel terrible knowing this is now a broken man that will never be whole again. 
Dear Basketball,

*Error 503 Service Unavailable*

Sincerely, Kobe 

I hated Kobe more than any athlete ever. I hated the comparisons to Jordan, I hated how smug he was, I hated his supreme confidence, I hated seeing him hoist that championship trophy over his head again and again. I guess what I hated most was that he didn't play for my team. Damn, love him or hate him, the NBA was more fun to watch when he was in it.
Get that statue ready.
Damn did kobe just crash the players tribune website 
Dear Basketball,

 

From the moment
I started rolling my dad’s tube socks
And shooting imaginary
Game-winning shots
In the Great Western Forum
I knew one thing was real:

I fell in love with you.

A love so deep I gave you my all —
From my mind &amp; body
To my spirit &amp; soul.

As a six-year-old boy
Deeply in love with you
I never saw the end of the tunnel.
I only saw myself
Running out of one.

And so I ran.
I ran up and down every court
After every loose ball for you.
You asked for my hustle
I gave you my heart
Because it came with so much more.

I played through the sweat and hurt
Not because challenge called me
But because YOU called me.
I did everything for YOU
Because that’s what you do
When someone makes you feel as
Alive as you’ve made me feel.

You gave a six-year-old boy his Laker dream
And I’ll always love you for it.
But I can’t love you obsessively for much longer.
This season is all I have left to give.
My heart can take the pounding
My mind can handle the grind
But my body knows it’s time to say goodbye.

And that’s OK.
I’m ready to let you go.
I want you to know now
So we both can savor every moment we have left together.
The good and the bad.
We have given each other
All that we have. 

And we both know, no matter what I do next
I’ll always be that kid
With the rolled up socks
Garbage can in the corner
:05 seconds on the clock
Ball in my hands.
5 … 4 … 3 … 2 … 1

Love you always,
Kobe
Dominate Poetry
I grew up watching you play I remember Frobe. I remember the airballs in Utah. I remember the three peat. I remember you being accused.  I remember Shaq leaving. I remember watching you play your heart with teammates who didn't care about what happened. I remember 81. I remember watching you be triumphant. I remember you beating the Celtics. I remember you being the best. You'll always be the best player I've ever seen Kobe. You are the meaning of hardwork and perseverance. It won't be the same without you. You'll always be someone I idolize Kobe. Someday I'll tell my kids about you. You're a legend Kobe.
I pretty much hated Kobe all throughout my childhood.
I loved Iverson, Vince, Ray Allen etc. 

The moment my opinion first changed on Kobe was 2 years ago, Lakers vs GSW. I think this game was crucial on whether or not the lakers would sneak into the playoffs, so Kobe was giving his all. 
I remember him getting injured at least twice that game and it looked like he could barely get up. This guy hit big shot after big shot, kept his team right in the game...then he tore his achilles. 


I never thought I'd feel bad for Kobe. He was always so cocky and had great teams around him to win his 5 championships. 


I became a fan when he got up on that torn Achilles and hit those 2 free throws before walking himself off the court.

Damn that article gave me the feels lol. Thanks Kobe
Kobe and Peyton could be gone same off season 

Bye childhood
*Buys ticket for lakers @ mavs*
Omg im going to kill myself 
Kobe. We can work this out. Take my legs. I don't need them. 
I knew this was coming...and it still sucks.

I'm 30. My first NBA basketball memory is watching the MJ Shrug game live and the Dream Team that summer. I vividly remember watching the second threepeat Bulls, and I'll tell my kids about them, but...

I'll never forget being in 6th grade and watching NBA All-Star Saturday night with my mom (I was really sick and she was chilling with me), and I watched this rookie I hadn't heard of named Kobe Bryant win the slam dunk contest. I became a Kobe fan that night and have been ever since. I chose the Lakers as my team and I freaked out when they landed Shaq and rattled off their own threepeat.

As an adult I loved Kobe getting it done with Pau and Lamar, and these last few seasons have been rough but Kobe Bryant has been my favorite basketball player for 20 years. It's tough to see him go out like this but I'm choosing to celebrate his incredible career. I'm about to be a first time dad next month, and I'll not only say I watched Jordan play but I saw Kobe Bryant in his prime. I'm lucky. 
It crashed, can anyone copy pasta?
😢
He says he's ready to let go BUT I DONT BELIEVE HIM :'( 
Teared up a little reading that line: "We've given each other all that we have." I think that's incredibly true for Kobe, all the stories of his insane work ethic, the hours he spent in the gym, he truly did give basketball all he had and he was rewarded with 5 championships. Going to be heartbreaking watching him struggle for the rest of the year but if anyone can do it, it's Kobe. 
BibleThump
Can someone c/p it? I keep getting DB error page. 
You mean it's over?!?!

Seriously, it only seems like yesterday it was Game 7 of 2010. 

Goodbye Kobe :( 
Watching the Celtics take on Kobe and the Lakers in the finals is a huge pet of what took me from a causal fan to a die hard basketball junkie. It's going to be nuts not seeing him out there for the first time. 
CTRL-F Mirror 

Dear Basketball,

From the moment I started rolling my dad’s tube socks And shooting imaginary Game-winning shots In the Great Western Forum I knew one thing was real:
I fell in love with you.

A love so deep I gave you my all — From my mind &amp; body To my spirit &amp; soul.
As a six-year-old boy Deeply in love with you I never saw the end of the tunnel. I only saw myself Running out of one.
And so I ran. I ran up and down every court After every loose ball for you. You asked for my hustle I gave you my heart Because it came with so much more.
I played through the sweat and hurt Not because challenge called me But because YOU called me. I did everything for YOU Because that’s what you do When someone makes you feel as Alive as you’ve made me feel. You gave a six-year-old boy his Laker dream And I’ll always love you for it. But I can’t love you obsessively for much longer. This season is all I have left to give. My heart can take the pounding My mind can handle the grind But my body knows it’s time to say goodbye.

And that’s OK. I’m ready to let you go. I want you to know now So we both can savor every moment we have left together. The good and the bad. We have given each other All that we have. And we both know, no matter what I do next I’ll always be that kid With the rolled up socks Garbage can in the corner :05 seconds on the clock Ball in my hands. 5 … 4 … 3 … 2 … 1

Love you always, Kobe
man..

my childhood is officially over. 

thanks for the memories, its been an honor. 
This is depressing. I feel terrible for him and can't imagine having the love for the game but not having the strength to put that love in action. I am going to miss him when he leaves the court for the last time.
I know this may get buried now seeing as how I'm late. But I just want to share something about my favorite basketball player. I grew up with Kobe and it hurts to see him finally go. 

I don't get to go to many games even though I watch a bunch on TV. My first Laker game came late when I was living in NYC and Lakers were going to Brooklyn for the first time. I had never gotten to see Kobe live and just had to go seeing as how I knew *this* day would come and I just wanted to see Kobe. That season was a little disappointing for us Laker fans, but I was still excited to see Kobe. 

The place was electric. A psuedo home game for the Lakers. Tons of MVP chants and Lakers cheers. And Kobe was responding carrying the team. Dwight (ugh) was out and Pau ended up hurting himself in the game. But come late, the Black Mamba was ready to give his fans and Brooklyn fans a show. Tie game, final minutes, Kobe put on a show I'll never forget. He did [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XQOGbAVMeB4). 

He nearly brought down Barclays. You can hear it on that video. Kobe put on a show on some random weeknight in the middle of the regular season. Simmons once said something to the effect that 'Kobe always gave a damn that someone might be watching him for the only time that night and wanted to put on a show.' I believe it. That dunk may be routine and not that special. His legs were old. But Kobe gave a damn and put on a show for someone like me who only got to see him once in my life. I'll miss you Kobe. I'm tearing up slightly thinking about and I'm sorry for anyone who actually read this post all the way through, but I just had to share. 

Thanks Kobe. Thanks for everything. 
Kobe has been my favorite player since day 1. Basketball won't be the same for me after he retires.


Can't believe this day has finally come. 

Thank You for hell of a 20 years Kobe!
Actually tearing up reading this
without a doubt one of the greatest careers we've ever seen. i'm going to miss the mamba. 
Thankful I got to watch his 81 point performance.
His post literally crashed the internet (of that site)
And I bet he wrote this all on his own. What a warrior. 
Living Legend. Thank you Kobe for everything ❤
I'm so glad I went to the game yesterday and saw Kobe play in the flesh for the first and last time, an item checked off my bucket list.

Thank you Black Mamba 
Hopefully he gets the goodbye he deserves. Truly sad to see him go. 
After Dirk and Nash, this man was my childhood... It's just so hard seeing each of these goes go one by one
&gt;My heart can take the pounding

&gt;My mind can handle the grind

&gt;But my body knows it’s time to say goodbye.

Fuck father time
:'( will miss you Mamba
[Me Right Now](https://49.media.tumblr.com/82842b4cb566dba10a8e1f0c572d5af5/tumblr_ngw2imnBgl1r9pwz8o1_400.gif)
One of the greatest to ever do it, I'm honored to have watched him play
Kobe had such a huge impact on my life. He'll always be my favorite player and one of my role models. Gunna miss ya, bean. Hope you stay around the game for the rest of our lives. 
It's gonna be super weird having an NBA season without Kobe. 
I feel like crying
Does anyone have a mirror? PT is down

Edit: Just got back up. After reading it.......fuck 
\#DominateServers \#MambaMentality
This breaks my fucking heart. 
Wow that made me emotional
Kobe has been in the NBA longer than I have been alive. What a fucking legend, he'll be missed so much.
Farewell Kobe. You helped me get into basketball as a young child. I won't forget you.
To this day, nothing makes me want to ball harder than watching Muse.
One of the greatest SGs to lace em up. I'll miss you kobe😕
Wow. I am definitely going to cry during his last game. It has me emotional just thinking about it. Got to see one of the best players ever for most of his career has truly been a blessing and it will be sad to see you go Kobe Bean Bryant. 

Wow, and he retires with a fucking poem lmao this dude for real a legend. 
&gt;This season is all I have left to give.
My heart can take the pounding
My mind can handle the grind
But my body knows it’s time to say goodbye.

We've known this for a bit, but seeing Kobe acknowledge it in writing is choking me up. 
:( he was the first NBA player I really admired.
Damn I can't imagine an NBA without Kobe
Ctrl+F mirror.

Nope.  Shit.

Edit - it went back up.  In case it goes down again, I'm pasting it here (having trouble with the formatting, so I'm just going to put a break between each stanza):
___

From the moment

I started rolling my dad’s tube socks

And shooting imaginary

Game-winning shots

In the Great Western Forum

I knew one thing was real:
___

I fell in love with you.
___

A love so deep I gave you my all —

From my mind &amp; body

To my spirit &amp; soul.
___

As a six-year-old boy

Deeply in love with you

I never saw the end of the tunnel.

I only saw myself

Running out of one.
___

And so I ran.

I ran up and down every court

After every loose ball for you.

You asked for my hustle

I gave you my heart

Because it came with so much more.
___

I played through the sweat and hurt

Not because challenge called me

But because YOU called me.

I did everything for YOU

Because that’s what you do

When someone makes you feel as

Alive as you’ve made me feel.
___

You gave a six-year-old boy his Laker dream

And I’ll always love you for it.

But I can’t love you obsessively for much longer.

This season is all I have left to give.

My heart can take the pounding

My mind can handle the grind

But my body knows it’s time to say goodbye.
___

And that’s OK.

I’m ready to let you go.

I want you to know now

So we both can savor every moment we have left together.

The good and the bad.

We have given each other

All that we have. 
___


And we both know, no matter what I do next

I’ll always be that kid

With the rolled up socks

Garbage can in the corner

:05 seconds on the clock

Ball in my hands.

5 … 4 … 3 … 2 … 1
___

Love you always,

Kobe
The reality is that when kids now shoot at the garbage can, they yell "KOBE!" and you should never forget that.
I grew up absolutely loving Kobe. Back in the days of NBA '01 or something like that and I'd always go the Lakers since they were the best team. It's going to be a sad day without this man in the league.

What a perfect and fitting way for him to make that announcement though. 

Vino.
It's not a surprise that this is Kobe's last season, but after reading that it just now truly hit me. Damn...
Watching Kobe this year has been so hard to watch but this still makes me sad. As a life long fan of basketball, we are watching an all time great hang it up after this year. Pretty soon Dirk, KG, and Timmy as well. Absolute legends these guys
You broke the website people now I can't read it :( but sad to see Kobe go. One of the greatest! 
This is going to sound like a thousand other comments, but man he's one of the first guys I watched when I started to get into sports 9 years ago. Sad times.
Man I know he's done but I'm halfway through tears anyways

Guess I was secretly hoping he'd re-discover his form and go back to the Kobe of old

:(
I'm not ashamed to say that Kobe gave me some of my happiest moments in life. I'll never forget the impact he's had, he gave me the love I have for basketball. It's been an honor to watch him play. I was 6 when I remember my first sports moment in 2000 vs the Pacers when Kobe led them to a win on a bum ankle. I'm 21 now and throughout all the change in my life there's only been one constant and that's Kobe wearing a Laker jersey. It's crazy to think I won't see him play basketball this season but all good things come to an end. It's been a hell of a ride watching him and I wouldn't trade those memories for anything in the world. 
Kobe :( my favorite player of all time, always will be
You know what, fuck it, chuck away Kobe. I thought I was ready. Of course I wasn't.
Dear Kobe Bryant.

I didn't like you.
I didn't like that you were so good.
I didn't like that the Lakers had you.
I didn't like that you never passed and took ridiculous, sometimes impossible shots and still made them.

But, I respected you.

I respected your commitment to the game.
I respected the passion and hustle with which you played.
I respected your belief and confidence in your talent.
Above all, I respected your ability to take over the game, and will your way to win.

Now that you are retiring, I have nothing but deep admiration for what you have accomplished as a player. In no uncertain terms, you are a legend of the game.

Sincerely,
A Basketball fan.
&gt; Kobe Bryant or LeBron James have been in every Finals since 2007 but never got to face off. History's loss.

This tweet really resonated with me. Such a shame. The epicness of the series would be unheard of. 
Beautiful words Kobe but it's not enough because I know, somewhere deep down in my heart, I still hate you.
WEBSITE IS DOWN. ANYONE HAVE A MIRROR?
Dear Basketball,

 

From the moment
I started rolling my dad’s tube socks
And shooting imaginary
Game-winning shots
In the Great Western Forum
I knew one thing was real:

I fell in love with you.

A love so deep I gave you my all —
From my mind &amp; body
To my spirit &amp; soul.

As a six-year-old boy
Deeply in love with you
I never saw the end of the tunnel.
I only saw myself
Running out of one.

And so I ran.
I ran up and down every court
After every loose ball for you.
You asked for my hustle
I gave you my heart
Because it came with so much more.

I played through the sweat and hurt
Not because challenge called me
But because YOU called me.
I did everything for YOU
Because that’s what you do
When someone makes you feel as
Alive as you’ve made me feel.

You gave a six-year-old boy his Laker dream
And I’ll always love you for it.
But I can’t love you obsessively for much longer.
This season is all I have left to give.
My heart can take the pounding
My mind can handle the grind
But my body knows it’s time to say goodbye.

And that’s OK.
I’m ready to let you go.
I want you to know now
So we both can savor every moment we have left together.
The good and the bad.
We have given each other
All that we have. 

And we both know, no matter what I do next
I’ll always be that kid
With the rolled up socks
Garbage can in the corner
:05 seconds on the clock
Ball in my hands.
5 … 4 … 3 … 2 … 1

Love you always,
Kobe
:(

Really nicely written though.
I started watching basketball in 2001. I never saw Jordan at the peak of his powers. But I got to see the evolution of Kobe. Man, was he something else. *Every night*, he came and played as if it was game 7 of the finals. Every Goddamn night. He is the greatest player I've had the privilege of watching. I'm proud to say I'm part of the Kobe generation and I will always, always argue with the the LeBron generation, that prime Kobe is better than prime LeBron. 
Long time coming.  Gonna miss watching him,
Beautiful.
Beautiful article Kobe. I loved to hate him during his career. But that's because he was so damn good. One of the greats. The game isn't gonna be the same without him. No doubt. 
No matter how it ends for him, I will never forget watching Lakers games and thinking "this is just not fair" every other play. Prime Kobe is still the best player I've ever seen myself, and I'm pretty sure I'm gonna cry when it's all said and done at game 82. 
I cant take this, I will continue to deny this.
Site got crashed lool
Legend. Nothing but love and respect for the Mamba. 
Sad boys 😢
And here come the tears. Thank you Kobe Bryant. 
Farewell Kobe. One of the greatest to play the game. Mad respect
All I hope for is for him to drop 40 on his last game. A true goodbye :(
He says it's been an honor playing. I say it was an honor *watching* him play. We all knew this day would come, but damn. Fantastic words from a fantastic guy.
Kobe's letter crashed the site
As much as I disliked Kobe (only because he was amazing!), the game is not going to be the same!! :(
Best laker in my lifetime, will always remember the great player he is.  Can't wait to see what he does next.

#Dominate Retirement
Damn, this was tough to read. I was literally watching a ton of his impossible shot compilations today.

You just know he will be successful in which whatever way his post-playing life takes him

Much love for the Mamba
Thank You Kobe for all the memories.
Someone needs to tell Derek Jeter his website is down. 
Site is dead for me
Brought tears to my eyes :(
Can anyone provide a picture, the website crashed.
2008 and 2010. Best two Finals series in my lifetime. As hard as it was to watch they 2010 Game 7, Kobe was ballin hard that season. The man is a legend, an I'm gonna miss him a lot. 

Thank you, Kobe. 
I'm not even a big Kobe fan and i got chills reading this.
MAMBA FOREVER!!!
The perspective that The Player's Tribune allows is really, really cool
2015 is officially the hardest and worst year of my life.
site is down, anyone got a screencap?
edit: its back up
I never even liked Kobe and I'm in tears from reading this. Kobe is a legend. 
FUCKING LINK MAN THE WEBSITE IS DOWN, WHATS HAPPENING?
Respect
privilege to watch him

legend.
Kobe broke TPT
thank you for your great career. 
Coming from a Laker/Kobe hater (except for the Olympic games where he was all olympic defender and took over the gold medal game), I'm gonna miss that mofo
I can't stop these tears
Honestly getting a little teary-eyed. Kobe is my very first memory of the NBA. I remember being young, sitting in front of the family TV in the living room, and watching #8 on the Lakers. It was incredible watching Kobe and Shaq play back then. They were unstoppable. I named my two pet goldfish Kobe and Shaq. As much as I loved the dynamic duo, it was Kobe that really had my attention. The way he played. The amount of heart he had for the game. I wanted to be like him when I grew up. Watched him do unbelievable things throughout his career. When his injuries happened, I wasn't very much into the NBA anymore. I didn't like it as much. It just didn't feel the same to watch it as when I was younger. But, I would always stay up-to-date with Kobe. You could just feel the incredible amount of desire he had to get back onto the court. 

I'm rambling really badly right now. There's a lot I want to say about Kobe, but I can't put it all into words. I'm glad I got to watch him play. Young kid's don't realize how great he was just a few years ago. I'm truly going to miss watching him play. 
[:(](http://i.imgur.com/h01kZWr.gif)
[We'll always have this to remember him by, at least](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FeXZY4eVLlo)
You know you old when you started watching basketball in Kobe's rookie season.
Kobe is my mj
Kobe: this is my last season 

Everyone: we know 
These young bloods don't even know. Kobe was remarkable.
Every game this season, frustration and anger over the ball hogging, airballs, and utter refusal to accept the inevitable, and then Kobe's like...

http://imgur.com/hj1Tc2I

...and now all the anger is gone and I'm just sad.  
Damn. I think it's for the best, but basketball without Kobe is gonna be real weird.
I'm gonna be fucking bawling during his final game, shit.
I don't care who people argue is the greatest to ever do it, all I know is that Kobe will always be my greatest. The dude gave me everything he had on that court and every game was always a spectacle as long as Kobe was in there. I can't even imagine an NBA without Kobe being involved because to me Kobe is basketball. I will miss the shit out of the dude. 
I really wish he got that 6th ring to tie Jordan
Dear Scientists,

please contact Kobe Bryant at 5 Rings Baller Lane, Los Angeles, CA when you discover how to reverse aging.

Thanks,

Bball fans.
I don't know why but it's seeing all of these athletes get older and retire that is making me realize how fast life is going more than anything. I remember watching Kobe, Nash, Duncan, and Dirk in their primes just completely balling back when I was in like 4th or 5th grade. I totally hated the first three because they were so good, but as of recent, I realized how much I actually like them and will miss them in the NBA. Sorta realized all of that when Nash announced his retirement.

I hated when we played against you, Kobe, but thanks for the memories
&gt; And we both know, no matter what I do next, I’ll always be that kid with the rolled up socks, G\garbage can in the corner :05 seconds on the clock Ball in my hands. 5 … 4 … 3 … 2 … 1

omg tissues please
Damn, it'll be crazy watching the NBA without Kobe. Literally been playing my entire life. 
Chalk up another win for father time 
Woah.  That was beautiful.  
I grew up yelling Kobe after every shot. It's going to be weird watching basketball without Kobe.
It's coming true :'( 
my heart aches a legendary ache
Kobe, you got me into basketball in 2004 in those finals man. I hated you so much. You were too good. But watching what you did over the years, backpacking the 2005-2007 teams, the game winners, 81, your drive in the 2008-2010 finals... I'm blessed to have witnessed you play 
Basketball is going to very different without Kobe. Such an impactful player on the sport!
Cheers Kobe, we we're all lucky to have you. Dominate Retirement. 
Crashed :/
I hope he can have one last big performance this year.
I wonder what he does next. Would love for him to still be involved with basketball in some way but I have heard him say many times he has no interest.
We all knew this was coming, but when it actually does happen still no one wants to believe its true. True basketball warrior.
    ### RIP KOBE ###

Edit: Kobe breaks The Players' Tribune.
It's been a blessing watching kobe 
As much as I've hated the lakers throughout the years, I have nothing but respect for the man. And then there were three....

I'm so fucking pissed that I didn't go to the game when the lakers came to the AAC and watch Kobe and Dirk dual it out one last time live in person when I had the chance
I hate this stupid future
Farewell to an era
One of my favorite players growing up. Kobe had a great run. 
O Captain! My Captain!
This sucks. Kobe has been my idol for as long as I can remember.
Bittersweet, glad he's finally gonna retire but also kinda sad. Thats my GOAT.
NOOOOO MY USERNAME T_T
It's bean a pleasure.
Kobe is one of the only guys I think actually wrote his article on this site.
servers rekt
I'm not even a Laker fan yet I'll be just as sad as when Jeter retired. He's the best of his era. He's every bit like Jordan. 
Brilliant way to express Kobe on his way out of his Era.  It really was his era.

Will we ever see a player like him again?  

I've always hated the Lakers, but it was a Love type Hatred.  I loved hating facing them, losing to them, and seeing them succeed in ways my Wolves could only dream of.

You will be missed, Kobe.
Kobe's retirement announcement crashed the Players' Tribune. 
What's hard is that you saw it coming, and now that he finally announced it, I feel sadder than I ever was. 
Link not working for me.
What site is this? Anyone else try to click on the other links and find them dead. If it's what I think (a site with content created entirely by players) then this would be an absolute game changer in sports journalism
Basketball has made me tear up like a bitch twice in my life. First was when Magic announced his retirement. Reading this was the second.
As a lifelong Laker / Kobe fan, I'm just hoping he has one or two more spectacular games left in him
Did we hug it to death?
Kobe: "And I'd like to announce I signed a deal to join Ernie, Kenny, Chuck and yes, even my old teammate Shaq, on Inside the NBA next season - Shaq needs the help anyway."


Truly the end of an era.
Aw fuck me. I'm done, I can't handle this I'm going home. I knew it come eventually but..

Fuck this is like when my dog passed. 

And now I know Ginobili and Duncan are next. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck.
I'm so grateful that I was able to watch Kobe playing as I was growing up. It will be a very sad day when he's done. The league won't be the same without you Kobe!
Kobe throwin' the rock as well as DB connect exceptions
Could someone paste the article in here? I can't view
Hugged...
All time great and my all time favorite player. What an amazing career. 
As someone from the Philippines, I'm at least glad I got to see him play live once. Not a formal game, or anything, just a little pseudo pick-up with some college ballers here a few years ago. Still surreal.

I didn't expect it to hurt this much, but it does. Maybe I didn't expect it because I thought he'd play forever.
Does anyone have a full text of what he wrote anywhere else? The Players Tribune is crashing, it can't handle the traffic and so it keeps going out 
[I knew it was coming, but i still wasnt ready](http://i.imgur.com/dG7zjXm.gif) why you gotta make me cry Kobe
https://i.imgur.com/Uj5RPqB.png
They should replace Chuck with Kobe on TNT. 
I wonder if he actually wrote this or if it was all ghost written

[link to past players tribune bs](http://www.nytimes.com/2015/03/29/sports/athletes-finding-their-voice-in-derek-jeters-digital-venture.html?smid=nytcore-iphone-share&amp;smprod=nytcore-iphone&amp;_r=1)
Did somebody cut some onions in here?? 
[...](http://i.imgur.com/XBPZGdW.jpg)
I'm pretty lucky in that I'm an old enough NBA fan to have lived through the Magic/Bird years (the end of them anyway) and the entire Jordan run. Still, Kobe (and Shaq for that matter) were special players &amp; I'm grateful I was able to follow their careers. Kobe is a first ballot Hall of Famer, no question. One hell of a basketball player. One of the best to ever do it. 

I look forward to the TNT crew giving him grief over his body breaking down. Charles always has a certain charm when talking about his body not being able to do it anymore &amp; I think Kobe will have a good sense of humor about it. :-)

Made a helluva run for that scoring title!
dam before kg??? can he have a reduce role, or the mamba mentality simply not settle for anything less that number 1 option. i have a feeling he will come back like mj
Guess I'm going to the Target Center Wednesday 
*shh /r/nba is ok*
didn't know kobe was so good at spanish
I'm from England, I do not give shit one about basketball, but I lived in SoCal 8 years, I saw countless colleagues yell "Kobe!" as they tossed wadded up pieces of trash at waste paper baskets, and - for whatever reason - this bought a tear to my eye...
I just sent this to my brother who got signed to a professional sports team in Aus. I want him to make this most of his time playing professionally
Is this getting downvoted? It was above 6,000 last night
He'll be in China balling next year when he gets bored staying at home for a week. 
Someone should do a highlight video set to Frozen's let it go.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
He had a great career, but it was time to go. Now he can take a "victory lap" around the league in dignity.
what kind of small time website is this shit, I've been trying to get this link working for 10 minutes
The irony is that his salary is holding them back so much this season. 
Also the combined age of the people in this gif is 113 years old.
This is my expression when I'm buying groceries and the cashier doesn't add the coupons until everything else has been rung up. 
I look forward to this being the newest addition to the /r/nba Replygif Arsenal.
Reminds me of [this.](http://i.imgur.com/hzWr5Tm.gif)

He just seems to have a habit of spacing out and think about life. 
I foresee heavy use of this gif in /r/trees
Mfw I forgot to do the homework but the teacher doesn't collect it
'...wait a second........im rich! hahaha'
[Here's a higher quality version of it.](http://gfycat.com/FlimsyUniformFox)
This was my exact expression watching this gif for the first time
I think Garnett stays in the league because he has no idea what he'll be able to do after. Been in the league nearly 20 years. His entire adult life. He does not know life without practicing and playing everyday
[That is a significantly more intense version of this gif](http://i.imgur.com/nw9cJ.gif)
If they were in their primes, Minnesota would have a stacked team. 
does anyone else see Kenpachi Zaraki in this?
"Man,  what am I gonna do when this all ends? The only thing I know is basketball!" ........ "Oh yeah, I've made $250 million!   :)" 
That's the laugh of someone who has made a decision. 
LSD is the best.
This is my exact reaction browsing reddit at 2 AM.
MRW I'm listening to Norm MacDonald jokes
http://i.imgur.com/lbUbP2t.gifv
This is an instant classic gif
"I wonder how people will remember my career. Will my personal accomplishments be enough to place me among the best? Or will I wither into obscurity?...oh wait, I won a title with the Celtics. I'M GOOD!!!"
I'm sitting in class and I cant wipe this stupid grin off my face
When your team is only at .500 to start off the season but the  old team  you got traded from is 0-5.

.....Come back KG!!!
Lol for some reason his face reminds me of Rick from Rick and Morty hahaha
Wooow.  I noticed earlier in the game he was talking to someone across the court, the action was on the other end tho, so I figured he was talking to someone in the stands. 

This confirms that lol
*Fuckin' trees.*
hmmm IDK not enough time has passed, the sample size is too small

maybe if the sample size was larger we can draw the conclusion he was contemplating life, but with a sample size that small, he could have simple been following a fly with his eyes

sample size

sample size
Never realized how much Andre Miller looks like Shaun Livingston.
This'll be on /r/reactiongifs in an hour.
[deleted]
He's thinking about Honey Nut Cheerios.
Coming out of that thought loop
loving all the bench coaching from the vets
Scatman Crothers from the Shining.
[deleted]
GIF of the year! 
This gif makes me happy.
DC misses you, Andre! 
This and the Alonzo Mourning .gif should be side by side 
Probably staring at someone until they noticed.
Garnett, Prince, and Dre. Man Minnesota old as shit!
Miller, KG, and Prince?

Holy fuck. What year is it?
KG and Andre Miller...that's an Old Man Ball dream team right there.
"I cant believe we haven't been to the playoffs in over 10 years ......

FUCK IT! (LOL) I made $8 million this year! (LMAO)"
Never gonna be another one like him.
Gifs like this are what make r/nba great
I bet he's thinking about that bowl of Honey Nut Cheerios he ate last night.
This will be me waiting for UPS to deliver my copy of Fallout 4. 
Was KG high as shit?? I'm not even mad but damn. haha
/r/shittyreactiongifs
[*Hello darkness, my old friend...*](https://youtu.be/YYrwTVsckmI)
More like him thinking about living in Minnesota and then realizing how much money he has
The moment you realize that you are a mouth breather.
GIF of the year! 
One of my all-time favorite players.
For some reason this makes me feel much better about my own life
This will be on the front page of reaction gifs in no time. 
LOL... omg. that was hilarious. almost like some schizo zoning out and laughing to himself.
"The bright side" was a team not coached by Sam Mitchell.
seems like a relevant song

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YQYPmtK03c0
Miller and Tayshaun being so animated makes this 45% better.
High af
looks like the dude in Shining

Its like someone told him a joke an hour ago and he finally got it after thinking about it nonstop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B7l7zazCrXk
When you high af and get stuck
When you stare into the abyss the abyss stares back... and KG just laughs
Instant classic
[Something like this](https://youtu.be/NtbbqjiFaGY)
/r/titleporn
He is at a 10. Stoned out of his mind
Gif of the season, so far.
Who the heck are Miller and Prince talking/pointing/yelling to? lol

Damn this GIF is just pure GOLD
Reminds me of the end Gladiator scene where he is bleeding out and sees his family far distant in paradise running toward him across a sunlit field of wheat... only to be called back with a smile on his tired face so he can give final orders for the empire.  
  
Poor Kevin - just go KG.  Just go.
He was adding up all the money he has made in the NBA season by season. 
He's seen some shit
http://i.imgur.com/lbUbP2t.gifv
MRW i'm on shrooms

Minessota legalized yet?
Funny title, but he was definitely fucking with some dude across the court. I used to do that all the time with my friends. You stare at them with this catatonic look for as long as you can before they notice you.
... He looks awfully grey and zombie-like these days
MRW watching the Warcraft movie trailer for the first time
I can't wait to see what /r/shittyreactiongifs come up with this gif
MRW I only just understand the joke
Miss this guy!
i think this is gif of the year.......for now
/u/swdarsey
This gif is gold
It's like the ending of Donnie Darko
"A sugar cookie man this is crazy!"
I need to know what the fuck he's thinking about or seeing.
am i the only one that thinks he is just watching the game then laughed at something one of the guys next to him says?
http://i.imgur.com/lbUbP2t.gifv
When the weed finally hits 
"We...Me........WE....ME..WE..ME-  OHHHH! That's what he meant. "
http://gfycat.com/WelldocumentedSecondaryGalapagostortoise#?direction=reverse
This made my day.
I want what he's having 
I always get [Andre Miller](http://www.underthehoop.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/AndreMillerWizardsKingsTrade.jpg) and [Shaun Livingston](http://i.cdn.turner.com/nba/nba/dam/assets/131212200328-20131212-shaun-livingston-feat.1200x672.jpg) mixed up.

I know they differ in height quite a bit, but damn they look similar to me.
I love that man
Me [9]
http://gifrific.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/kevin-garnett-reaction.gif
The title made this post.
is he really staring at nothing? KG may have gone private pile on us. 
this makes me like KG for some reason
It's like the opposite of the gif of that guy dying mid-sentence
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Wcz_kDCBTBk
That's the oh fuck did I leave the stove on and then he realized he never cooks at home 
/r/me_irl
Looks like hes messing with someone across from him and then cracking up when they finally saw him.  Wonder who it was.
When you think you've caught your wife coming home with another man but it was just a delivery man helping her bring Taco Bell
*I did it myyyyyy waaaaaay*
Tayshaun-KG-Andrè the unlikely trio. Me likey
imma miss kg when he retires =/
Damnit, now I want acid
He looks bored.
What was on the other side of the court from him? 
It's like he was in deep thought but suddenly and finally 'got' a joke that someone told him a few hours ago.
So this is what I look like when I stare into space and start laughing when I daydream? Damn... 
When you realise you're ending your HOF career on a shitty team but you've made more money from NBA contracts than anyone else.
I'm watching this with some dopey piano music in the background makes it doubly hilarious.
KG is baked

[a new, and old subject](http://www.psmag.com/books-and-culture/athletes-the-media-and-marijuana-on-organizational-authority-and-racial-framing-in-sport)
RED RUM. RED RUM! 
Bursted out laughing in class because of this, got some weird stares, totally worth it.
" I dont have to utter a single word,  muh brothers say it for me,  i have heard it all before,  Skip,  you were right man,  you were so fuckin right !  Hahahahaha  "
He's high as fuck lol
Kevin Garnett remembers he has made over $327,000,000 of NBA checks.
If I remember correctly this was after Adrien Payne did something adrien paynesque. 
lmfao this is awesome
Okay, he's definitely being controlled by the number 9 white guy in the back. 
The look of a 20 year veteran on a 20 win team.
TIL Garnett has a different look all together and I have never seen him smile before
That's not what's happening at all.  He's listening to whoever Andre Miller is talking to.  Who then says something amusing.
Garnett has the most majestic teeth and I would like to believe that's the first time teeth have been referred to as "majestic"
this is the only Kevin Garnett gif I am entertained by


http://gfycat.com/MassiveAltruisticKakapo
The face you make when D Wade is cooking your team
I'm confused, isn't KG a Brooklyn Nets player? When did he leave that team for Minnesota? 
Flip died as God's punishment for basketball sucking
This has /r/shittyreactiongifs written all over it. Good find!

If you haven't visited that sub and don't know what it's about, do yourself a favor and peep it now, it's pretty funny.
I thought I was about to see Blake dunk from the three point line.

I'm an idiot 
6 years in the league, can still only finish off lobs

I have a theory Blake was supposed to be a volleyball god but that wasn't popular in Oklahoma so he settled for basketball.
But can he dunk?
Griffin doing a good Midorima impression
I BET STEPH CANT DO THAT&gt;
Ah, right then. Hmmm, okay. GRIFFINDOR!!!
Did I just watch a real-life Gamebreaker?
Oh wow we've finally seen a replication of this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AeW7of1LQc ! Time for him to take over the league.
That's some 'NBA Street Vol. 2' type shit right there
Blake "Midorima" Griffin
There's levels to this shit
Midorima much?
"all he does is score from alley oops"
MIDORIMA GRIFFIN
Really highlights how much he has improved as a shooter. Three years ago, Griffin making that shot would have seemed unimaginable.
I think my grandma can hit a three on the nuggets.
He's evolving again
Blake thinks he's playing HORSE.
Fuck you blake, that was one of the coolest fuckin shots ive ever seen.
Lob City 2.0
Basketball is getting insane
Once again Blake proves he can't score unless it's a lob. Overrated! 
Takao to Midorima style.
That was a nice play.
always wanted to see a 3 point alley oop dunk as a kid. close enough
/r/NBA has the most anime references of any subreddit I visit lol
Some Kuroko No Basuke shit going on
serious question... since he was in the air the whole time he touched the ball, is the rules the same as out of bounds? i.e. if his foot was on the line as he jumped it would have been a 2 pointer?
He's probably the best at tipping people out in 21
Psh. Blake avoiding contact like usual. Only does alley oop 3s instead of taking it to the rim. 

;)
can't lie, this is pretty awesome. 
LOS ANGELES LUNCHTIME RUSH
That's some kuroko no basket shit right there.
Thought this was Steve Blake for a second. Got happy and then really sad with my Terps feels :l
Foul.... No two fouls.
good god, the upper body stregnth to do it so effortlessly. he even had to slow it down and make sure the touch was right

id throw out my god damn back trying to do some shit like this
Blake is really an underrated player.
That was actually amazing.
I couldn't fathom what I was going to see from that title.

If this was Curry, it would still be awesome - but BLAKE?  That was SWEEEEEEEEEEEEEEET.


I love this fucking game
[relevent](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AeW7of1LQc)
Some kuroko no basket stuff going down
The strength it would take to make that is insane 
the lob.  THE THREE.
Just playing 21
That looked difficult as fuck
good on him! man,that isnt pure luck.
How?! 
T.I.P.S
things that don't work in 2k but do IRL
That should be 6 points. Fuck me 
Well holy shit. 
Foul! 
how does this work anyway?

do they count his feet from where the scoring player jumped?  or the feet of the player giving the pass?
I mean he does shoot on the way down for most of his jump shots.
Is there a streamable of the broadcast?
OF COURSE it had to Blake to hit this! Incredible. 
Bet that man is spectacular at jump 21
The assist was an alley-oop too. 
I don't even know what I was expecting seeing this title, but holy crap. That was pretty impressive.
If not for Lebron, Blake would be the poster child of the NBA.
i dont think ive ever seen that before, wow
This is the next evolution of basketball
One of several beautiful plays tonight. Always hate to see my Nuggets lose, but I love to see this!
The way Gallo walks away after it goes in is one of the saddest sights I've seen as an NBA fan.
Clippers offensive execution in a nutshell.
Holy shit that was cool. 
Pretty much sums up our season so far :(

LOB CITYY loll
Holy shot http://i.imgur.com/OiIHtzY.jpg 
Wow that whole sequence was video game perfect.
The bad part is nobody's really that surprised it went in.
Anyone got a higher quality clip?
A play to reinvent the nba. People will take off from the 3 point line catch ally oops and it will be worth 3
Lob City
This is right out from kuruko. 
Mmhmmmm pretty
Blake face That will be here soon enough.
kuroko no basket
6 points if you are playing IDARB rules

damn, that assist was also an alley-oop
I didn't no Valparaiso was in the NBA now.
just...how?
He hit that Midorima shot! Shutoku is so strong this year! 
The Alley Oop was also a [hit song in the 1960's](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sz6IpmmYSXA)
That was some gamebreaker shit.
like a game of pump
I buddy of mine used to call those "one-timers" (ala hockey) back in the day.
Gamebreaker Level 2.
The lob... The jam!!! Oh wait...
Taking a page out of the [Danny Ainge playbook](https://youtu.be/s0ZKxrzNl7k?t=105).
Lob-city!
Didn't Jeff Hornacek do the exact same thing in his 76ers days? I seem to remember him hitting a game winning buzzer like that.
I thought he was playing pump.
Goddamn it Blake, stop giving Curry and the Warriors new ideas!!!
I like to pretend the ref is celebrating 
Strange time to play hot potato but hey I'm not the millionaire here
Came looking for the Kuroko references and I wasn't disappointed.
Lob City
I was hoping you meant Steve Blake.  Disappointed.
I was hoping you meant Steve Blake.  Disappointed.
LOB CITY
Just when you thought you seen it all 
Thats that Midorima shit right there
Midorima anyone?
Hate him. But so much respect for his game. 
Does it still just count where you jump like could you run a alley oop 3 on a fast break where a player takes off at the arc gets passed the ball and shoots from like half the distance. 
Was that just a gamebreaker2 from NBA Street vol2?
more of a one-timer no?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Something something kardashian joke something 
He caught and released the ball in one motion while still in the air. I am pretty damn impressed.
What were the words being exchanged between Blake Griffin and Mike Malone during the game? 
Canelo?
If he jumped it would have seemed unimaginable.
Chris Paul's teammate grade for Blake: C- to C
Which is funny because a few dribbles and dunk is like watching Godzilla play basketball.
Sorry if this is a dead horse but I don't watch basketball any more, but is the other team wearing pajamas?
God those sleeved jerseys are ugly
The other Clippers in practice watching Blake: "Blake, what the HELL you doin. Why are you practicing alley oop 3 pointers." Blake: "I watched Kuroko No Basket." (Reference: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AeW7of1LQc)
I can already hear how annoying their home casters were when this happened. "Did you see that shot? No one else could have made that shot but Blake Griffin knew and somehow found a way."
I am blake and i did not hit a 3 point alley oop
Those jerseys. Had to make sure I wasn't watching summer league

&gt;but who won the game for the worst jerseys? 
Clippers are all show and no wins
"Hey Eli, this is Byron Scott. I was wondering if you were looking for a job."
So I just spent at least 3 minutes clicking through lebronjames.com and couldn't find anything about weaknesses. Hawks might be in trouble.
That spoilers tag haha
That's a solid Hawks logo drawing by an 8yr old 
I'm so happy right now
The sheer arrogance of the King to put a list of his strengths and weaknesses on his own personal website...
Who needs coach bud when time traveling Eli manning is on your side. 
Lol that's cute as fuck.  Hope Bud checks out that URL.
I heard LeBron tends to do VERY poorly against teams who score more points than his team 
MY heart melted.

Go Hawks! Go Eli!
I love how the kid underlines the book title.
Kids are so much cooler than adults. 
i went to the website but I couldnt find a weakness section
Are we sure this isn't Eli Manning posing as an 8 year old?

[Proof](http://i.imgur.com/6tyBsRr.jpg)
/r/nbaww
man that Hawks logo is really easy to draw


http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/1598450484?vs=1

This info is from 2007. The Hawks are so fucked. 
Way to keep your eyes peeled for an edge, young Eli!
Good kid, doesn't wanna throw the spoilers in, just let's you know there's something good there worth reading
So cute how he underlined the book title
"Multiple sauces have confirmed that coach bud has obtained critical information from an nba insider on stopping lebron"

-sauce
Well, I now find myself incapable of rooting against the Hawks this year, solely for this cute kids sake.

Go Hawks. *Do it for Eli*
Okay who let Eli Manning into the crayons? 
Lebron: i would say my weaknesses are im a perfectionist, i work too hard, oh and also any team member not named Lebron Kyrie or Kevin
You have nice handwriting OP
Eli is as good as John Madden and he's only 8!! Sign him up!!
What Aboss. 
Send his ass to the 76ers
Oh my god. Cuteness overload

I am so happy that kids still read today!
i read that in a stuttering little boy voice. it was adorable
was totally expecting eli manning
Huh. Didn't know Eli Manning liked basketball.
Fuckin right Eli, fuckin right.
I wrote a letter to the Red Wings when I was about the same age that was basically the same shit. They actually read it and it ended up on the news.
/r/ELI8
That is the most adorable thing ever.
A true fan
Lebron's weakness: pocket sand
Eli Manning's penmanship has gotten a lot better.
He nailed the Pacman logo
Eli you fucking genius! 
Eli is a no-go.
8 year old Eli knows the secret to beating LeBron. NBA coaches HATE him!
A 43 years old man did that
I thought you meant Eli Manning lmao
Thanks Eli, it worked!
i didn't know eli manning was a hawks fan
There is so much awesome about that.
Quick someone please send the entire league some of Curry's weaknesses. 
some skip bayless level analysis
Simple. Potent.
Well that's just fucking adorable. 
[LBJ's weakness.](http://www.basket4us.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2012/10/88100177-e1351487143406.jpg)
Too cute!
"Fuck the Cavs" - Eli
Wow Eli Manning sure has bad handwriting
I'm happy at how the kid underlines the book title.
ELI8 how to beat lebron
Eli mannimg ayy lmao
Damn sometimes kids can be so cute, no homo
I'm disappointed in you Reddit... the site is still up.
I wonder who broke the rim
whos eli?

Guys!! I know the weakness!!!

http://lrmrmanagement.com/bond


.... of the website...

This is the best.
this should be reposted to r/aww
This is actually how he writes today.
Make Lebron beat you one on one. His greatest strength is his ability to get his teammates involved with wide open threes. Hopefully you have a competent defender who can guard him one on one
Nah, that's just how he already coaches.
This may be the single most adorable thing I've seen in 2015. 
I love it.
thats adorable.
Hey Eli, this is Underdog. We are wondering if you'd like Barkley's job next season.
From the White Mamba himself huh? 
When did he retire to get his teammates involved with wide open threes.
It's good to see the younger manning reaching out into other sports 
Haha whatever it has its better than Coach buds tactic of doubling every drive
Didnt know Liquid Snake was a basketball fan
Eli2
how to beat lebron james:

"be a team without JR smith"
That Spoilers tag! 
It would be awesome if they framed and hug that up in the locker room.  
"Eli" is a false flag by Cavs Marketing
Also Eli is a hacker.
Wait, so his weakness is that he has weaknesses? 
I don't even know what's real anymore.
Can't spell Elite without Eli.
/r/
TIL Lebron's last name is James.com
Do it for Eli Okay who let Eli Manning posing as an 8 year old Eli knows the secret to beating LeBron.
Lebron's weakness: The players around him.

There you go Coach Bud, I'm sure you can work with that.
Hawks decimate Cavs 146 - 24. LeBron scoreless and goes 0/39 on the field. 
ELI8
LeBron is legit scared right now, calling his webmaster and shit. 
Plot twist: kid is lebron's website manager
ask sandy claus whats lebrons weakness he knows everything 
That my friends is the Book of fucking Eli.

Memorize it because someday you might go blind.
Play him in the Finals
Get used to disappointment kid
"The book says LebronJames.com has Lebron's strengths and weaknesses."

Honestly trying to understand, is he recommending we check out LebronJames.com or the book Kings of The Court?  How can we beat Lebron if this brat ass kid isn't more specific??? WTF
I thought you meant the legend, Eli Porter, as a 8 year old.
How long before people start wishing for this kid to get terminal cancer too
1. Block off LeBron's teammates
2. Back up off LeBron
/r/hailbron
that's hilarious, he'd fit right into /r/nba
Lol i love when cuban shits on Broussard.. Completely ran over the summer of Broussard 
Cuban is shifting into maximum overmeme
confirming mark cuban as a member of /r/nba. 
The DJ drama that Cuban helps keep alive is insanely lame but the running down of Broussard never gets old
WHO NEEDS DEANDRE

MARK CUBAN WITH THE SLAM
haha even people who hate Cuban gotta love him shitting on Chris Broussard
Okay Cuban has won me back a little 
http://i.imgur.com/by3snox.jpg
damn, ethered
How does he still have a job? The #1 job of a reporter is to get the facts straight. What is his role at ESPN? To misreport things? As much as I dislike Stephen A. Smith, I can at least see his value to ESPN from an entertainment standpoint. I'm not sure what Broussard brings to the table; other journalists are bringing tasty food to the dinner table, while Broussard is just bringing multiple sauces.

Edit: I'm sorry about the forced analogy at the end; I couldn't resist.
Well I'm glad someone finally said it
Never forget: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y1YXc4k2CPY
[mfw](http://www.gifwave.com/media/71351_excited-parks-and-rec-andy-dwyer.gif)
Cuban is the man
Multiple sources are telling me that Cuban's comeback game is too strong. 
Holy shit what a legend
tres commas, bitches. 
Chris Broussard falsely reporting something!? No way!

Next you'll tell me Stephen A. Smith is pretending he talks to players that have never spoken to him.
INB4 Chris Broussard goes on First Take and pulls a "you don't want to make an enemy out of me" 
I agree with anybody criticizing Chris Broussard.  
Multiple sauces 
Dats my owner &lt;3
My multiple sauces can confirm that Cuban has exactly zero chill.
Additional. Shots. Fucking. Fired.
He's awesome.  I feel like if I was a billionaire, I'd be like Mark Cuban, except way less sweaty.  
Perfect execution
ONE OF US
Fuckin got em
Broussard IS an idiot.
I just edited Chris Broussard's wiki page to have one of his occupations as idiot with a reference to this article. Hope it sticks.
Did Broussard put radio on the internet?  I don't think so.  
Since you guys are hitting /r/all, mind explaining to the rest of us what's going on?
Man this might be the line of the year
It would be so great if Stephen A. Smith misreported something about Cuban.  No backing down.
I love Mark
The DJ drama is getting old, but shitting on Broussard is never old.
sick burn by the cubes!
What?????? I told Cuban that's a secret!
Chris Broussard after this fiasco to me seems like the worst 'insider' for any sports media.  I mean when I read that Cuban was driving around downtown dallas (and I do think he said dallas) trying to find Jordan in Houston sounded dumber than what it read.  Seriously though, he has to be the worst insider.  ESPN has a way to have bad insiders.  Damn Schefter was awesome when working for NFL Network and now he fucks up.  I suppose they're mind thinking is be first even if its wrong because that 1 time you're right its golden. 
HAHAHAHA rekt.  Chris needs an ointment prescription for dat burn.


sick burn bro
Mark Cuban is a rock star.  I love that he just says whatever he thinks.
Nice, despite all the talk, this is something everyone can agree on.
Cuban is savage as it gets.
He must have good sources then
Mark Cuban is officially a redditor
is this still going?
Sorry for asking the silly question but.... what was the misreporting?

Bruh this is a slaughter. 
Mark Cuban's remarks about DeAndre Jordan has been pretty petty and just make himself look bad.

But this felt good.
Mark Cubans a BAAAAADDD MAN.
LOL, I love this guy
I feel like he's been waiting months to use this
I don't find this the least bit childish. Broussard is highly unprofessional and deserves to be ridiculed right out of sports journalism. If you were Cuban and you had just secured a marquee free agent to pair with your aging franchise mainstay only to have him back out of a deal you made in good faith at the last second and reject all contact (while his former team literally barricaded his house), and then on top of that you have this poor excuse of a human being spreading lies about how you're driving around Dallas-oh-no-wait-I-meant-Houston begging people for Deandre's address literally right as you're texting him and trying to maintain some semblance of professionalism, I don't think you'd handle this half as well.
I love mark cuban's honesty and bluntness
Clippers are dirty. 

I now cheer against them. 

Setting the Deandre stuff aside: CP is an asshole, and Blake is a faux hard, dunk flopper. 
Lol this would be funny if you weren't half threatening to leak texts like some crazy ex-bf.
Not a huge Cuban fan but that's pretty fuckin hilarious 
Let it go man.
CUBAN OUT HERE MURKIN BROUSSARD AGAIN
Broussard: My sources say that Mark Cuban has no sources. I'll get back with you when i get confirmation.
Hahahahah put Cuban on the side image!!!
Nobody fucking likes Broussard. 
Sauces were not correct this time
well dam forget shots fired that's a tactical carpet bombing lol
BOOM!
 #flamed
broussaed made me stop watching espn many many years ago when i knew he was just on some show to make shit up. sad really
btw cuban and carlise quotes front page will be filled with dallas stuff
Seeing this from r/all. What's going on?
Can someone give me a synopsis of this for us from /r/all?
HOLY FUCK
[rekt](http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/le-miiverse-resource/images/6/69/-REKT.gif/revision/latest?cb=20150726213441)
Mark Cuban's source has been secretly reporting from in Broussard's anus for the past 3 months.
Feisty mark cuban still not over the pre season heartbreak.
Never change, Mark.
Can't wait for him to seek the Republican nomination in 2020. 
Fucking Shrekt
Savage af
Was really hoping Broussard would get Pop'd in his in-game interview in the POR/SAS game. But this is just as good, if not bette, than anything Pop could have said.
Banter.
I don't like Cuban much, but I couldn't agree anymore with what he said here
[It's Okay Mark](http://imgur.com/gallery/scb6Bhc)
So... i can't be the only one who noticed cuban's looking a little weird these days, right?  Looks like botched plastic surgery to me.
I hate always butt hurt Cuban, but that's fucking hilarious 
That man has a family Mark
ZING!
Hes not wrong...
Tldr? Outoftheloop? Eli5?
LMFAO amazing
Am I the only one that thinks it's pretty dumb to think the Broussards sources are complete shit? Or is the circle jerk in this sub to strong?
rekt
So we love it when he attacks someone we all hate. But when he attacks DeAndre, he's the devil
Where is Broussard I haven't seen him yet this season? 
Mark Cuban is the Donald Trump of the NBA.
It seems like if you're a billionaire you can literally say whatever you want. Must be nice...
rich white man mark cuban

zero hoots given
Dude just get your team's shit together you're not the main act. 
SHADES THROWN EVERYWHERE!@!!!!!! Cuban confirmed Bane. "born in it, molded by it"
SHADE
My sources tell me Mark Cuban loves attention
I don't like Broussard, but Cuban sounds like a dick
[deleted]
Savage... 
Tell Cuban to shut the fuck up and sit down you old ass, hair dying rich dickhead.
funny thing is cuban is an idiot.
Cuban is such a dick. To be fair its funny when he shits on Broussard but I've never seen someone let this petty drama drag on. Maximum over-salt.
So how much did the NBA pay reddit to have this subreddit boosted? 
well Mark this happened almost 6 months ago
Porzingis is becoming the Bernie Sanders of /r/nba
This hits all the right circlejerks. Well done op 
People are saying /r/nbacirclejerk, but this is even better. This transcends the circlejerk.
all this karma you're gonna make, you'll be eating tonight, family
On the top of /r/All 

WHAT A TIME TO BE ALIVE
The nose wiping makes it.
Until a Kardashian gets him!!
 
 #WhosNext


/lynnmchale
Haha wow I thought this was gonna be an article about Curry emerging as the best player in the league instead of Lebron.
r/nbacirclejerk is leaking everywhere. This needs to be *putback* in the sub it belongs
You guys really love this kid...
Camera person knew exactly what he/she was doing. 
*Coming This Fall...*
There is no rationale behind this post
its nothing more than harden bashing
and a KP circlejerk






i love it
Not gonna lie I Fapped to this
If porzingis goes to the rockets can we call him Yao Zing?
http://niceme.me
I hate Harden as much as the next /r/NBA user but this post is pure /r/nbacirclejerk
[yesss](http://www.technologytell.com/gadgets/files/2014/05/36530-ryan-stiles-love-it-gif-dg7r.gif)
This is literally nbacirclejerk in a nutshell
Came to say something about a circlejerk, but then realized I'm a spurs fan.
I just have the biggest goofy grin on my face right now. Hell of a game. Porzingod is for real.
can't believe this is on front page 
To the frontpage you go you genius bastard
This gave me chills for some reason
One of the best titles I've see on this sub in a long time
Never seen a title matched to a gif so perfectly
Everything about this is perfect. 
I can't stop laughing at this
On a more serious note, what if harden does fade? If Last season was the best he'll ever be and he starts a quick decline It would fascinating. especially since it would be such a drastic fall that wasn't caused by injury
Porzingis has impressed.  He moves and shoots like a damn shooting guard.   Kid is going to be special.
Why did I even question the Zen Master on this pick?
Wouldn't say Harden is fading but god dang that kid can play!
This is my favorite thing I've seen on this sub. Maybe on all of reddit.
The symbolism is strong
take me now
Excellent camera work.
He's having a great game. So is Capela
So funny.  Bookmarking this gif for 2020.
Ok let's go 
I know this is a circle jerk but HOLY FUCK Porzingod is killing it tonight.
I don't get this GIF anyone care to explain?
Zingus, potentionally the next 2 way superstar?
I'm glad that good things are happening for the Knicks. I understand the desert.
this somehow made reddit's overall front page.
That cameraman.
I'm loving this so much, he deserves it after beeing booed on probably the best and most memorable day of his life.
That was masterful 
Sickening
lmfao
James harden was NEVER a superstar in the league 
James Harden is fading superstar? Really /r/nba you up voted this to the front page? 
I don't watch too much regular season. Is Harden really fading? He's only 26.
/r/nbacirclejerk
As someone who hates the Rockets and Harden I enjoyed this gif thoroughly. 
Porzingod was a superstar long ago
BASED GODZINGIS!!!


Can we at least let him finish a full season before we proclaim him the GOAT?
Okay, this is funny. 
Porzingas official nick name: PorzinGOD or white jesus?
KP is legit. Can't believe he's only 20 years old.
Feels kind of sad
Cameraman belongs to church of Porzingod confirmed.
Kri 6 Latvia. 
its a great time to be a knick fan who is a redditor 
Et tu r/nba? 
not gonna lie, it's weird having all ya'll like our squad. Shit is refreshing. 
By far the best pick of last years draft. Knicks fans at that draft should be ashamed of themselves. Then embrace their lack of understanding via 24 hour masturbation sessions.
As an Aussie who doesn't follow NBA from /r/all, can someone explain. I dont know whats going in this circlejerk and I want to join in instead of just being splashed on the sideline.
how and why this got 4000+ upvotes is crazy
The circlejerk is strong with this one
This will be the most re-posted GIF of all time on /r/NBA come playoffs.  
   
When the Knicks aren't in the playoffs.    
  
Even if the Rockets aren't either.
  

/u/36DD Can you LelBron this shit?
How bad and how long would Harden have to play for Adidas to drop him?
As much as I love both of these guys, man does this make me depressed. Gonna miss runner-up mvp  harden. :(
Not enough curry. Downporzinged
it takes some next level viewing skills to be able to notice something like this
:( I really hope we have not seen peak Harden.
[Nice one](http://m.imgur.com/M6SGoKk)
I feel sorry for Rockets fans as Harden is on their team. 
Remember when Knicks fans booed him at the draft?

Motherfucker is like Dirk Rebooted
this is fantastic
FADE THAT BEARD!
Is that the guy they booed at the draft
HTML5 Video 


[Desktop version](http://offsided.com/r/nba/mRPt44U/) (5.39%). 


[Mobile version](http://offsided.com/r/nba/mRPt44U/?minified=true) (3.09%). 


----------------------------------- 


^[info](http://offsided.com/about_bots/) ^| ^[feedback](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=wonglik) ^| [^Upload](http://offsided.com/upload/)


porzingod &gt; harden
This wasn't dramatic at all.
... &gt;2100 ups in under 2 hours....Jesus
Can't wait for Monday!
I just want to say that was a beautiful rack focus, kudos to that cameraman
That cameraman is jerking off right now.

Hey /u/Ser_Dingus,


This is now the top post on reddit. It will be recorded at /r/topofreddit with all the other top posts.
MRW I caught a whiff of the best smelling microphone 

http://www.reddit.com/r/shittyreactiongifs/comments/3sdvkv/mrw_i_caught_a_whiff_of_the_best_smelling/
And I've got them both on my fantasy team 


...and Drummond 
Heh?
STAPS
This is just pure Savage
[deleted]
just brilliant, Ser_Dingus!
Crazy how everyone in NY were upset over the draft pick and now Porzingis might win ROTY, but my money is on Towns. Towns is a beast.
I knew since day 1 that Porz was gonna be awesome. 

I hated everyone who booed him. NY doesn't deserve KP.
So glad Porzingis is doing well. Keep proving all those draft day haters wrong!
Porzingis has impressed me immensely.  I expected him to have a strong defensive presence in the paint and athleticism for his height (he has great timing).  What I did not expect was how good a 3 point shooter he was.  Name the past few centers who could shoot 3 pointers when they were rookies. 

I was more worried about how the NBA would treat him being a Euro-import and as expected even tried to label him as the next Andrea Bargnani.  The dude is very likeable, doesn't look shell-shocked and plays like a more mature person.

And unlike some other rookies, he is NBA-ready.
ITT people taking this way too seriously 
This is a trash post 
Holy shit /r/nba calm down. So many of y'all are willing to look past Harden playing at an all-star level just because the team isn't getting it done. Don't get me wrong, Porzingis is a special talent, but man some of y'all have it out for Harden for no damn reason. Somehow the dude has eclipsed Dwight in terms of polarizing figures and done a fraction of much to be regarded such a way. Shit is just en vogue here.
As someone who doesn't follow basketball too closely, can someone tell me the meaning of this gif?
Hey, remember when Kristaps was booed  by Knicks fans and /r/nba laughed at him and the Knicks ? Ah, good times. 
I hate every single one of you
Sorry I've been MIA but what's the context?
I haven't followed the Knicks at all this year. Is this kid actually really good or does /r/NBA just like finding things to circlejerk about?


Edit: it was a real question :(
god damnit /r/nba 
That is some god damn fine camera work. Good work camera guy. PS. We should do an AMA for Pro sports league employees.
I would love it if this gets photoshopped with different people photoshopped for Harden.
bow your head in the shame, bearded one
i dont follow basketball, so can someone explain this to me?
Channing Frye was excellent as a rookie for the Knicks too.
~~God~~ Porzingis, this post is perfect
I'm so proud 
LOL, how many games into the season is it?
Our NBA top performers of the day are getting taken down but this...this right here is quality stuff
Come on....
Kristaps wears Nike

Harden wears Adidas

Coincidence??
Any context for those of us that don't follow the sport?
😿😿😿
Can someone please fill me in on what's so great about this post? I don't get it. 
A superstar fades, and a new God comes into focus
i still find it hilarious how knicks fans booed when he got picked
Its nice having something to look forward to as a Knick's fan 
Haha fuck this sub
DAE Harden sucks?

Unlike PORZINGOD amirite?

lol james harden was never a superstar

drafted 3rd, named all rookie SECOND team and then won his 6th man.  dude proceeded to get a huge head and got knocked out first round of the play offs with the Rockets.  Then the Rockets signed Dwight and they got knocked out again in the first round.  Then western conference finals where he got beat by a real up and coming superstar.

yeah james harden is a superstar lol.  
I don't see any former superstars in this. Only the PorzinGod, the white MJ.
Fading off of a 45 point effort two games ago


Pls
This is the most circlejerky post I've seen in my gd life 
this is the stupidest thing that's ever been posted 
har_en a "superstar" LOLLLLL
Yep..now I remember why everyone hates /r/nba so much. All bandwagons and circlejerks. Harden has a good game, with a few mistakes = has been, washed up. Porziingis has a good game = he's jesus, watch out MJ.  
Calderon shots on fire 
bitch please. stop.
Keep in mind his PER is 17
They need Harden back in OKC!
It almost looks like Harden is bowing down to Porinzgod as the focus changes.
Now I know how many people lurk on circlejerk. 
Reddit only likes Porizanus because he's white. 
He's 7'3 and only shooting 40%. Even Harden could shoot better than that if he was 7'3
I remember when New Yorkers boo'd him on draft day.
wtf /u/donuts42 these ppl r trashtalking harden
Porzingis is the most over player in basketball today.
TBH, I don't think Harden was that much of a superstar to begin with. Sure he was the best player on his team at one point however, he never really made that much of an impact outside of Houston.
This is pretty much /r/retiredgif for this sub, I hope porzingiz shatters his knees
Get out
lol, okay.
This is so lame I like porzingus but this cocksucking festival is not cool and just straight up lame and annoying
Well it did hit the rim.
He *has* to be self aware and consciously tanking at this point, right?
Kobe's parting gift to the Lakers organization will be a high draft pick.
[Don't think of those as missed shots, think of them as extra lottery balls](http://s.newsweek.com/sites/www.newsweek.com/files/styles/headline/public/2014/09/29/1003bobrosstoc.jpg)
Think he yelled "Kobe!" when he put that up?
Never seen anything like what Kobe has been doing this season.
This is how I play 2K16. Teammates doesn't matter, nothing matters, no consequences - jack that shit up!
It's mind boggling. On top of that he yucks it up and laughs like it's OK to do this. Either he's driving the tank or he lost his damn mind.
Highest paid player in the NBA, ladies and gentlemen.

I'm a Lakers fan, and I don't actually care.  #Kobesystem #Dominatetanking


*Checks shot clock*

18 seconds left

**LOL**
"You want this screen Kobe?" "Nah, I'm good."
When you about to quit your job
young kobe would have been so pissed at himself if he were on the same team as older self.
kobe's tryna get the #1 pick for the lakers. that's the only way any of this makes sense. he must have a deal that if he can get LA ben simmons, he gets an ownership stake in the team.
Needs more double team. Not Kobe enough.
"Curry" 
this is the only way he knows how to play, his solution for a slump is to shoot out of it, its what he has done his whole career, and it has reinforced his thinking, that he can ignore the pass the ball stuff, b/c it has worked for him in the past. at this point, byron scott need to show leadership, by confronting kobe, b/c he is making a mockery of the situation. people want to talk shit about mike brown, but this shit would have never happened with mike brown, the man wasnt scared of confronting kobe. 
Honestly.  Fuck this shit.  I feel bad for his teammates.
How unpopular is it at this point to think this is all a little selfish? I love Kobe and he deserves to have a Jeter-esque farewell tour. But when he's taking 17 3pointers a game and shooting 7 for 26, it's becoming much. There is a lot of young talent on this team that can stand to learn from him, but i'm not seeing the role model
This retirement tour has just been bizarre. So many factors involved that it's hard to know how to feel. I just accept it, but every once in awhile, it's just especially odd. 
I've never seen this before in professional sports. Kobe is not helping the team. Everyone can see it, and yet they let him keep doing it. No other organization in American sports would put up with this
lol 18 seconds left on the shot clock too
One of his 17 (!!!!) 3 point attempts last night.
kobe is watching too much curry. just like the guys you play pickup with
Kobe's shot selection is like what everyone does in 2k lol
It's Kobe's ultimate plan. Throw up shots that he has no business taking and in the process, angering everyone else into trying extremely hard. 
Kobe will end up costing us 8 or 9 wins this season, but that may lead us to keeping our pick. I honestly don't think he's hurting Randle's development, but rather the development of Clarkson and Russell in the backcourt. 
Honestly as one of Kobe's biggest fans as a kid, half my profile pictures were of me with his jersey or at his games when I could get to them even though I'm from Canada so it was pretty hard to get to them. I can honestly say I hate kobe right now. He's being a selfish idiot and it's annoying to watch. There is literally no excuse for how he's playing right now and I don't care that he's been one of the best players of all time up until this point in his career. As of right now he's the worst player I've ever seen. Who in their fucking right mind takes shots like this and chucks up 17 three pointers in a game. What the fuck is he even doing? This isn't some rec league bullshit, it's the fucking NBA and you're being paid 24 million dollars a year to fucking play, so fucking act like it.
That dude behind the scorer's table had a ~20% chance of his celebrating being for a good reason and he still went for it
Keep shooting. Going to need Ben Simmons.
with 17 seconds left on the shot clock kobe jacks up a 35 footer.  
Except Byron Scott won't say a word about it. Even in his 20th season, Kobe needs coaching just like any other player. And for the past 2 seasons, he didn't get any
Careful now - Kevin Durant might come after us at /r/nba and start accusing redditors of treating Kobe like shit. 
like me playing 2k
"Steph Curry!" * shoots *
WHY WOULD YOU TAKE THAT SHOT
Working on that Tank Commander Medal of Honor.
You say that like this is out of character for him.
Kobe has always taken bad shots like this, he just happened to make them earlier in his career.
Andrew Bynum?
Don't the 76ers take the Lakers draft pick if the Lakers fall out of the top 3? I feel like I read that somewhere, but If that's true, just let him take as many threes as he wants
Kobe "Steph Curry" Bryant.
Does this happen in any other sport?
Why do you people care? At the end of the season you're gonna be begging to get the 1st pick just like you did last year and this is the way to do it.
+1 kobe rebound
I love that dude in the second row who throws his hands in the air early.

"Er... I mean.. never mind."
he needs to bench himself if byron scott wont do it. but that wont happen. the kobe show continues. 
Sucks to see such a legendary player go out on a low note... 
his press conference afterwards displayed how arrogant he was. this is worse than the jordan comeback with the wizzards.
Ultimate Kobe Assist to give the 76ers their first win.





^^^We ^^^better ^^^not ^^^give ^^^them ^^^their ^^^second ^^^tonight.
I don't even understand why he's playing so badly. Like, why take all these terrible shots? The only reason that would make sense is that the Lakers have decided to tank. I just don't get it. He could get better looks than this if he really wanted to.
Man I hate to see this. This is a completely different form of selfishness by Kobe that can usually be justified. It would suck to be a young guy on the Lakers right now. 
The Lakers this year have become the team that always plays the Harlem Globetrotters.
Just because he's retiring doesn't mean he isn't making a mockery of the game.  If you're not going to try, then give someone else the minutes.
Well, he was wide-open. 
Shooting from the Jimmer line. 
And no one blames him. There's already a mountain of reverence for him and his career. He's going out guns blazing for highlight reels of his last season. People will forgive and forget these misses when they look at videos of him in the future. What they will see though is his last season highlight reel and how he lit everyone up in spectacular fashion. Shoot on, Kobe. Shoot on.
Nick Young does this every single time he touches the ball. Carmelo does this. Kobe took a bad shot. relax.
It almost feels like that instead of buying furnitures, kobe eases his mid-life insecurity by taking dumbass shots as much as possible
When kobe divorced his wife in cali he would be number 12 because he lost half of everything.
just a pass to clarkson
Kobe's last gift to the Lakers will be to try as hard as he can to deliver them the #1 pick
My favorite is the guy in the grey sweater behind him. "yyyyyeeeesss-- um, uh......think I'll sit down."

Complete and utter disregard for his his teammates lol. Is it against the NBA rules to literally just put Kobe out there by himself vs. the opposition's 5?
I don't really understand basketball strategy, but couldn't this shot, even though it missed, cause the other team to have to guard him more closely because he's shown he's willing to take a shot a little further out than usual, and that might give his team a strategic advantage later? 
He's just helping them try and get Ben Simmons
Not surprised... #KobeGonnaKobe #NotEveryoneCanBeSteph
Whose name did he yell when taking the shot?
I really wish all the Laker fans could just accept/embrace the fact that their team is tanking hard this season. Kobe knows, Byron knows, the FO knows, but some fans still don't get it. That team, without Kobe jacking 20+ shots a game, is just good enough to basically ensure they lose their pick. Stop questioning shot selection/rotations and just enjoy the increased odds of keeping your pick this year. If Sixers fans can survive starting Jakar Sampson at PG, I think all the Laker fans out there can deal with a few 35' 3's from Kobe.  
love that casual curry jog back, dude straight irreverent.
Kobe is a true laker. By chucking up brick after brick, the Lakers continue to lose, making it more likely we keep our draft pick. Team player all the way!
When you're teaching bae how to play 2k. Good times.
I played this guy in 2K last night. 
Which one is Kobe and how do I tell the amount of fucks he gives?
Kobe has also officially ran out of playing ability 
I bet he whispered "curry"  to himself as he shot this 
That's not what that girl he raped said.  No rapist runs out of fucks to give.  
  

Live or Die by the Kobe
damn 23 is his biggest fan look how fast he got back
I'm waiting for Kobe to do [this](https://streamable.com/fp85) 8 seconds into the shot clock.
Kobe bricked last nights game to give the Sixers a W
Clearly, that was a Kobe assist
At least he hit the rim...
You're Welcome. 
I thought your jumpshot was the last thing to leave you as you age?
I'm just assuming he yelled BLACK MAMBA as he shot this.
That's a Rock n' Jock 10 pointer! Don't knock it! He musta had flashbacks
And so have I. About Kobe Bryant.
Like a kid on the playground.

"Just imagine if I make it..."

"Ok, just imagine if I make this one..."

"Last try guys, I swear. Imagine if I make THIS one..."
He went full on Dion Waiters 
I love it. Kobe just shooting his way out of the league.

Perfect Kobe.
Dear Basketball,

Ball in my hands. Shoot.

- Kobe
Kobe would have done this 5 years ago if he didn't trust his teammates 
Got to give the people...

Ain't no one in that arena come to see the 76ers stink up the joint. It was the Kobe show. Are you not entertained?!

I hope he suddenly goes beast one game and this subreddit circle jerks itself into a corner. Timeout!
I blinked during the gif reset and so I thought Lakers rebounded and Kobe shot the same shot again. "Wow he REALLY ran out of fucks."
pretty sure hes taken shots like those before and I don't watch much laker games
but did he call "KOBE!" as he threw that one up?
With 18 on the clock. Jesus.
Looks like someone didnt max out their limitless range badge
Kobe is playing on Hall Of Fame Difficulty.
When you play Against the lakers, its 6-4 (being Kobe helps you more than the lakers)

just like he helped the 76ers to their first win.. 
"Kobe" 
*backpedals*
He used to nail those long 3s, same with t mac. I'd say he is just out of gas
As he released the ball, he quietly exclaimed "Curry!"
He looks like me when I yell "kobe" during a game of pickup.
trying to break curry record
Can't wait for him to enter the slam dunk contest. 
Kobe watching too many steph curry highlights :(
That hit the rim so hard the rebound was collected around the 3pt line
Could be a combo of having some bad coach like Scott, the years of losing with a FO that couldn't build a roster or vision, and a bunch of young players who aren't at the level Kobe respects. I've accepted this will be the Kobe the fans will be seeing, the same type when he was playing with the likes of Smush and Kwame. Call him what you want but he'll be freelancing all season :P
Well if he scores like 70 pts a game for the rest of the season he can break Kareem's record.
This will be the name of people purposely tanking on their retirement year.  "Its KD's finall year and time for him to Kobe his way to the end."  Its kind of sad in my opinion.  
He's just practising his catch and shoot
Are you talking about the shot, or the travel?
I haven't watched NBA in quite some time. But isn't Kobe a good player anymore?

The last time I followed Basketball he was like the biggest star together with Shaq.
I honestly think Kobe is making money per missed shot. Lakers are in full tank mode. 
I think he has plenty of fucks left but is completely done giving them... Unless his shots are his fucks, then he clearly gives a lot of fucks.
He could still be a good player if he used his brain
To be fair he was pretty hot at the start he was like 3/3 from deep so it wasn't as boneheaded a shot without context
How is the Lakers obvious tank job not as egregious as the sixers? At least the sixers play hard and have a defined long term plan. This team is actively playing and being coached to lose games 
It's gonna be a long year for the new guys now that he's made his retirement official. 

Oh, you wanted to take some shots, Russell? Nope! Kobe time baby.
At least he isn't sitting on the court like Rodman.
Steph Curry with the shot
To be fair, he always took bad shots like this. He just used to make a lot more of them.
"FUCK IT EY" - Kobe 
Cherish these shots while we still have him in the league. This time next year, we will no longer get to see him playing an NBA game. 
15 years from now we will thank Kobe and Byron for the best tank to ever tank. 
Reminds me of the gif I saw last year of him taking a 30 footer with literally every Warrior on the court challenging his shot. 
Kevin Durant out here talking about how it's THE MEDIA disrespecting Kobe's legacy
Kobe: fuck you curry!!!!
Me in 2k pressing the shot button instead of the pass 
"dun i been playing basketball my whole life. i aint got no more fucks to give. how many rings you got? none. ima jack up 10 more shots just out of spite!"
kobe I like you, but you aren't steph curry
Damn, I understand that he doesn't have much to play for anymore, but seriously. Think of the team Kobe! think of the team^think ^of ^the ^team^think ^^of ^^the ^^team
Kobe might be fucking this up really hard but people gotta understand there is no one else to take shots they all suck 
I'm sure he'll try to carry it through a little bit.
[as long as he yelled "Kobe!" before he shot it's fine](https://49.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lzzduv4dar1qlsqvjo1_r1_400.gif)
7/26 with smiles after the game also gives it away. How is this even the same guy? Fiercest competitor ever besides MJ was smiling after a -21 against the 76ers.
It's actually so much fun to watch someone try to shoot themselves out of a cold spell because he knows he won't get subbed off. You know it's futile but I admire his determination to ignore all sound judgement and reason. 
You either die a hero...
You think Kobe yells "Kobe!" when he shoots it?
good shot - bryon scott.
I feel bad for all the people that dropped change on tickets to watch Kobe's final year and got this shit haha
people say Kobe stalling development but Clarkson, Russell, and Randle are all among in leaders in their draft classes in FGA. he's missing badly but imo he's protecting them...trust, you don't want Julius taking 20 shots right now, and if kobe wasn't gunning he probably would be somewhere close. it can be bad to rush rookies into roles they aren't ready for, Kobe in the 99 playoffs is a prime example.
oh so that's why I lose FG% every week. cool. 
40 footers for days! 
He traveled.
Tryna be Lillard or some shit
What a fucking joke 
And Kevin Durant doesn't get why the media treats him they way they do.... 
Zero hoots given son
Going for the globetrotter's 4 point shot 
Kobe is the perfect example of someone who's on their last week at work. 
Kobe tryna Steph
You either die a hero or you live long enough to be Kobe.
guaranteed the guy in the crowd shouted kobe
looks like me at the rec

test comment
KOBEEEE
Vino is back :)
Last basketball games are like last days of work,
He's no Steph Curry with the pop BOY
I see the rim move but it legitimately looks like the ball never gets there. Like it just stops mid air and bounces back 
"Curry? Who's that?"
would be funny if they gave the ball to him again after the offensive rebound
Paul George did that, right?

I'm better than PG, lemme drain this real qui- 

fuck
Kobe has always been my favorite player but he needs to retire right now and not wait until the end of the season. 
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. 
i mean that particular shot wasnt a bad take...
Kobe can't spell grace. I promise ya that.
Amnesty clause
Aren't Kobe and the guy who get the rebound traveling?
I mean, he basically put his two weeks notice in.  
I found this thread on /r/all and I don't watch very much basketball.

He missed the shot but what was completely wrong about it? Was it how he could've moved up closer? Was the jump unnecessary?

It just looks like a normal accident to me.
Give him time to get into the one motion shot more 
I think he really needs to retire now. Every day he makes these bad highlights and it takes away from his legacy. At least Jordan retired while he was still pretty good. Kobe is going to have another sucky season and people will look back and say he should've retired way sooner.
Honestly.. at this point he's showing his teammates how not to play. Kobe isn't you're typical veteran. No team effort. 
SUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUURE. When Kobe does it he dgaf.

When Curry does it, it's amazing.

Fuck your double standards, Kobe was open.
For any other player this would be called a horrible shot and he would be benched, but for Kobe. Its just Kobe being Kobe.
Kobe ran out of fucks 3 years in.


Chef Kobe with the sho--wait no.
How has nobody mentioned the guy in the Grey in the back. For a split second he though maybe, just maybe, Kobe is back.

Nope.
He's clearly detrimental to the team. And probably almost detrimental to the franchise if he wasn't guaranteeing then first overall. 


Too bad for all of his greatness he couldn't find some self awareness
And he whispers to himself, "Curry"

remarkable instance of a 6'9 250 pound behemoth being made to look like a child. This is the main reason why I look forward to Boban appearances.
"Wait, he's on me?"
[http://i.imgur.com/el8gstT.jpg]
(http://i.imgur.com/el8gstT.jpg)
Since nobody else answered the question I had. 

Marjanovic: 7'3" and 271 lbs

Psycho T: 6'9" and 250 lbs
Psycho T's reaction is priceless. That little zoom in at the end was perfect. 
haha. beautiful title.
That guy looks like the troll from the first Harry Potter movie 
Either I'm drunk or this is the greatest fuckin gif of all time.  Or both.  It's both.
Holy pituitary gland
Even Psycho T is psyched out
this guy is a damn giant
Psycho T posterized a 7'6" dude in college he ain't scared
Damn those uniforms are hideous
http://i.imgur.com/A26O7Y1.gif
Everything is better with sound, if video quality is bad please don't hate me. Only done a couple so I'm not very good.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h08W7xOoj40&amp;feature=youtube_gdata
How long before this dude becomes the most productive bench player in the league?
I just realized Tyler looks like Slim Shady 
I get that he's just a massive individual in general...but the size of his head compared to Hansbrough is crazy to me
*When you're at a urinal and think your big, then this guy walks in.* 
Psycho T is on Charlotte now? Was that signing literally just to get UNC fans to come to games?
https://imgflip.com/s/meme/Conspiracy-Keanu.jpg
This is funny, and so is the thread. Thanks
He's just amazed by his huge ass ears
"Even Metta World Peace wasn't this scary" is what Psycho T is thinking to himself.
Looks like a much more awkward, European, giant version of Messi.
One of the best captions I've read on reddit. Life's hard on Hansbrough.
Sorry,  I don't stay up on basketball - why is he dressed like Golddust?
Could be gif of the season!
The "what kind of prehistoric Alexander Ovechkin shit is this?" look is fantastic.
"Mom I want to go home and not play basketball anymore"
That nose could hunt truffles. 
Tell em Large Marj sent ya!
Nooooo, she wasnt reaaddyyyy
"Oh my bad, Boban"
this is how i feel when im at my local lifetime fitness and some college hooper matches up with me 
I want Boban to tear it up so bad. 
Why do the mods keep removing this?
Whoa whoa whoa, why is Hansbrough playing in that funny looking uniform? The Raptors weren't playing yesterday, someone should tell him to get back to Toronto...
Marjanovic - "Hi, I'm your Maker. Nice to meet you again"
This dude looks like my 2k MyPlayer in real life.
Did anyone mention how boban looks a lot like the bad guy from the rockateer?
fuck yea go spurs
Garbage time? Release the Boban!
First day in prison.
Lmao he looks like buster bluth 
I don't actually laugh out loud at many things on the internet, but I did at this.
Those fundamentals aren't going to help you on this one Tyler.
Man yall on some bullshit
[Tyler Hansbrough](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yg03q100E4g)
God those Spurs jerseys are U-G-L-Y, they ain't got no alibi. 
OH HELL NAW
I kept scrolling down this page for someone to post how fucking tall Marjanovic is. Fine, I'll be the one who Googles it: he's **7'3"**.


You lazy pricks. 
How soon everyone forgets about Psycho T posterizing 7'7" Kenny George in college.

https://youtu.be/htwkRYa0gOk

Kenny George would make Boban look like a kid. 
Up for OP's editing 
from the KG one to this, these gifs are on point
LMAOOO
Psyched Out T
Holy shit that looks like that huge dude from WWE back in the day
Why is this video so fucking massive?
That nose though, also, Hansbrough kinda looks like Slim Shady
hahaha, I miss Hansbrough
Hansbrough in his prime would have dunked on [him](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=htwkRYa0gOk)
Ha
It's okay to be scared Chops, especially if it's THAT
Obligatory fuck Hansbrough. Signed, a resident of Maryland.
Those are some terrible uniforms, Spurs. 
[deleted]
The only thing missing is him looking into the camera then the camera zooming into his reaction. 
Tyler Hansbrough looks like Frodo with his wimpy face
Hodor
To be fair, he always makes that face. 
"I think I need to puke."
Tyler's chiropractor is rubbing his hands together right now.  
That's just Tyler's face
Wow, I just looked up Tyler Hansbrough on google to go check out his stats... I had no idea he is 30 years old. Always thought he was in the 25-26 range.
Rational T
"The fuck...? Who is this guy? I'm on *this* guy?! Ohhhh fuckkkk meeee..."
Those ears...
i dont think psycho T really cares.. he's just like.. who the F is this guy
That is fucking hilarious, holy shit. 
I feel he may be the product of some sort of KGB human experimentation project to create a super-soldier.
Omg a fucking classic gif for the ages
I'm glad you got all the karma and not that annoying guy.
Jesus Christ that's one huge motherfucker.
He looks Sooo close to just shaking his head in a defeated "no"
Boban really needs to get more minutes he can dominate,but barely gets a minute or two at Spurs pfff 
the real slim shady please stand up?
wtf is that outfit all about
lmao thats how a lotta big guys felt when they had to guard yao ming. thinking in their head "this mother fucker is waaaaay too big. im supposed to be the big guy!"
haha oh wow, am I wrong saying this is one of the best gifs ever?
He wasn't ready for those ears, holy shit.
Psycho T is mirin 
Tarheel fans unite.

I remember hoping Psycho T fell to da Bulls but they ended up with the bust James Johnson instead. At least they managed to dump JJ for a 1st. 
This is the best thing I've ever seen 
i'm laughing so hard right now
Holy fuck didn't know he was 7'3
i'll miss psycho.
Psycho T just Psycho shiT himself 
What on god's green earth is going on with those spurs jerseys. 
Just wanted to post that I'm still laughing bout this.  Goddamn already may be the gif of the year.
Wait can someone ELI5. How come he didnt enter the NBA draft and just got signed right away?
Tyler Hansbrough legit looks like a character from the Simpsons
The same face he made when he messed around an swung on Metta World Piece
Wow, I am not a big basketball fan but enjoying NBA 2k16 at the moment and playing in spurs, so does Boban apparently, and he is taller than the height limit on your character lol
He looks so much like the guy from Kickass and Age of Ultron.
I totally forgot about Tyler Hansbrough. He done much since college?
Man, graphics look so good these days it almost looks real! What game is this?
WTF is with this guy's ears? He must be the ugliest NBA player ever.
What's the background story behind Boban? Is a convicted serial killer or something? 
do you have the extended version they showed at half time? There was a few more seconds of mustache rub, and I swear it looked like Adams was fucking purring 
Adams lookin more like Khal Drogo every day
Bravo to the vague headlines on these links, guys. It's gotten to the point that I never know if something I click on is gonna be something genuinely awesome, or a sarcastic fuckup. 

Except James Harden streamables about his "amazing defense." I know exactly what I'm clicking on every time, so I love those for different reasons.
that stupid mustache makes this that much funnier for some reason
Man NBA 2k16 has really bad collision detection.
"I'm rubbing your stach off with my elbows"

"Fuck this gay earth"
First Team All-Exfoliation
[I love Steven Adams](https://rachaeljames.files.wordpress.com/2013/11/823199489.gif), but just like a friend, and there is nothing gay about that
There was another time when he was getting shoved out of the way and he stood there like a lifeless ragdoll and I think resulted in the guy getting ejected, anyone know what I'm talking about? this guy's troll level is grandmaster xd

edit: [it was Nick Young elbowing him](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8t6lfE0sJyI)
I'm pretty sure no one here considers that "defending". In fact, it almost looks like Adams likes it a little
Steven lived in my dorm as an undergrad at Pitt.  Easily one of the nicest, most down-to-earth people I've ever met.
I like how Adams just lets it happen
Pretty sure whiteside was on offense here
This is Hilarious.
He just wanted to feel the stache.
It's funny to think that someone was sitting in a room somewhere editing the highlights together and decided to add this in.
Ugh, Hassan, more pls
Whiteside was actually on offense during this play
Adams is probably doing things to Whiteside trying to piss him off, so Whiteside responded
Only big man you will see in a long while that will defend elbows with his face. Tough as mother fucking nails. Undoubtedly the biggest bad ass because it is not bravado but he uses his actions to speak for him. Huge fan of Steven Adams. Great guy and developing well into a great big man.
Where amazing happens
Adams: "Hey. Can you not"
someone photoshop wiltside out of it and put a trippy background behind it. steven adams on mushrooms. he looks like a dude who would take a lot of drugs at festivals. might be too high for reddit
[Adams is like](http://i.imgur.com/0fpK1b3.gif?noredirect)
DPOY
Adams seems totally okay with this for some reason.  I love it.
With all the contact that he is used to, that must be like a massage for Adams.
Steven Adams looks like Russell Hammond from Almost Famous.
Holy shit. I'm a diehard PITT fan who doesnt follow much of the NBA, and needless to say I am SHOCKED that Adams *somehow* looks even more awkward and silly than he did in his college years. This is great.
Amazing slow-mo of Whiteside ~~defending~~ *being defended by* Steven Adams
Whiteside king of looks like "I'm elbowing him in the face, why isn't he reacting?"
*This is my life now*
When you hit your first dab.
This is now my favorite non-basketball basketball clip of 2015, passing Andrew Bogut's Crab People Dance
I LOVED the mind games we'd play I'm the post.  You look so ridiculous in slow motion, but getting a guy to think "what the fuck" was always fun.  Pulling on shorts and jerseys until they make a dumb mistake, resting your chin in their shoulder to make them move and get pissed, it was all part of the mental exchange.  I miss those days.  
He's trying his best to get his 2k rating up
Wtf front page of Reddit? Nice /r/heat
It was actually Adams defending Whiteside but that's still hillarious
Two weird ass guys. 
Literally no more fucks to give.

Does he even feel?
Adams is such a weirdo in the best way
hahaah Steven Adams face
"C'mon man..."
LMAO
I'm convinced Adams is a robot
Gosh the NBA is enjoyable to watch these days. Just asethetically fun to look at visually (how redundant can I get). 
that wasnt on the defensive end tho
Wasn't Whiteside on offense? 
It looks like a lotion commercial, but Hassan is applying it with his bows.
The more times I watch it the better it seems to get. Maybe I just like moustaches a lot.
Peak Adams
yo wtf when did steven adams become seven foot tall adam morrison 
I was blown away when the pistons played the thunder and I saw that man take the court.

Absolutely hilarious.
I'm pretty sure Adams is defending Whiteside.
"..Dude...."  
-Steven Adams
'Yeah, you like that big boy?'
It's like the kittens playing with the momma cat while she super annoyed
Where amazing happens.
Don't stop me now! 
Hahaha it's the music that does it for me
thats some funny shit right there. I was not expecting that
Lol I caught this right as I was flipping the channel to this and thought it was a replay of a flagrant or something, but this is even more glorious
Best 50/50 title yet, according to me - and my word is of course bond.
Towards the end, while looking into Adams' eyes i felt as though i should be fearing for Whiteside's continued existence.
YO PUT THIS SHIT ON /r/nbagifs ALREADY
That groove is sick
LOL
Adam retire
I drafted Whiteside in the 8th round of my 10 man NBA fantasy league.

I am a happy man.
Steve Adams is solid Gold
Defending like a good neighbor. 
hahah what the fuck
He really doesn't want to go back to China
Whiteside is a force of nature right here in Wade county! Not even the greatest of mustaches can get in the way of the Whiteside!
Basketball and Wrestling could be merged together
I can't believe my eyes!!! AMAZING!!!!! Pinch me I must be dreaming.
If I didn't know these were real players I would have sworn this was from some kind of key and peele or snl skit.
Man, that has to become a meme or something. That face of adams. lol. 
Just perfect. The look on his face, Whiteside casually acting like nothing wrong, the freaking mustache. 
How many alternate uniforms does Miami have?
*where amazing happens*
Nice /r/heat well it's a pretty impressive athletic display Little elbow to the states now, we're considered a piracy safe zone I guess, until they make a dumb mistake, resting your chin in their country So many of these are penalties haha!
whiteside dirty...?
10/10 was not expecting that 
It's like he is getting some weird massage to his face.
Whiteside's best defensive tool is his underarm stink. 

Joke remix:

Whiteside is marking StAdams as his own, with his sweat.
I had the Skyrim music playing while I watched this haha
lol. Well played
I need this with the "Oh Yeah" song from Ferris Bueller
Westbrook: *What the...*

McRoberts: That's sick!
That Steven Adams is such a prick. Always playing dirty in the paint and getting under the opposing teams skin. 
Whiteside's left forearm was a little itchy.
Nothing phases steven adams. NOTHING.
Lmao what was going on there
He was actually on offense
Steven Adams is my cat confirmed
This. Is. Amazing. 
adams looks aroused.
Bet you can see my elbow. 
There was a little itchy.
still better D than this

http://i.imgur.com/R1xQi5a.gifv
The NBA: Where Amazing Happens
Steven Adams or Adam Morrison???
Non-netball fan here, can someone explain what is happening?
Ok I'm  not a basketball fan, but why doesn't the dude with the elbow in his face not just punch out the other guy. His restraint is admirable.  
Seeing stuff like this only makes me mad when I think of all the BS travelling calls I get at the lunch hour YMCA games. 
Thought this was legit going to be a picture of Kemba Walker on the riverwalk just having a good time. 
I counted 5 before a dribble. 
Everyone knows you get 5 gather steps before you have to dribble. 
There's a reason they call him Kemba "Walker"
How does not feel so unconfortable to him. He does it so naturally.
Some good foot work if you ask me 
As someone who's played quite a bit myself, dribbling is practically a reflex. I imagine it must feel strange to take this many strides on a court without dribbling once. 
I don't understand how they manage to actually forget to dribble. As a pro player with years of experience playing basketball, dribbling should be like breathing for them. So how do they manage to go 3 or 4 steps without even dribbling? its baffling
I really hate how they let these blatant travels slide, but they are intent on calling the tiny foot slip when people catch the ball on the three point line and go to drive.
That made me laugh so hard.
KD and Paul George do this all the time. 
Did he get called for that?
HTML5 Video 


[Desktop version](http://offsided.com/r/nba/nRKbqLg/) (36.81%). 


[Mobile version](http://offsided.com/r/nba/nRKbqLg/?minified=true) (7.02%). 


----------------------------------- 


^[info](http://offsided.com/about_bots/) ^| ^[feedback](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=wonglik) ^| [^Upload](http://offsided.com/upload/)


Goddamn they need to start calling these..
If you don't enforce all the rules of the game, then why enforce any of the rules? That wasn't a "judgement" violation (goaltending/charge), but a clear and obvious travel. 
Dude took more steps than the assembly manual for an Ikea computer desk.
was this called?
I don't think they should call stuff like this, it would just be disruptive, and it's not creating a competitive advantage or anything. 
Idk why but I expected him to be walking with his hands behind his back over that river Chuck talks about.
Me irl trying to play basketball.
That's called the River Walk.
I don't get why people are okay with this. A travel is a travel, if you're really too lazy to dribble then you should get called for it. I know this doesn't affect the game, but where do you draw the line?
and I bet they didn't even call that...
In my opinion, all travelling should be called, otherwise, you will have a slippery slope issue. If they're going to take an objective rule and make it subjective then why not apply the same reasoning to all the rules? Why have a 8 second rule if there's no full court press? Why even dribble up the court at all if no one is guarding you? Just let them carry the ball until they pass half court. You have to draw the line somewhere and it has to be objective, otherwise every call can be contested with reasonable grounds as the travelling rule will set a  precedent. Especially if the reasoning is dependent on whether the play gave one team an advantage. Every turnover is a significant advantage. So by not punishing a team with a turnover you're actually giving them a huge advantage.
more like Kemba Walking
aptly named
I don't even understand how that happens, it just looks so uncomfortable to do.
Obviously a crab dribble. 
Taking the ball on a stroll by the creek
it's called riverwalking.
But the gather step!
I'm so used to seeing travels that I didn't realize he travelled until the 3rd replay.
You can almost see his mouth saying "bounce bounce bounce"  and in the ref's head "those were some God Damned fine bounces. Did I leave the oven on? Fuck..wait no I'm pretty sure I did, I remember seeing the oven light on I put on to remind me before I went out, but wait FUCK did I leave the light on???"  
Next time he should take his suitcase.
i did this when i was in like the 4th grade and even then i got called for travel...
Oh shit I gotta dribble!
one of these days I want to see if somebody can carry it all the way to half court.
Our shitty refs for our C grade mens basketball comp wouldn't miss that call.
Yall see how long harden curry and wade take to throw  down that first ball pound after catching  the inbound? Dudes are stretching the rules of the game
I see so much travelling in the NBA it's ridiculous. I don't want them to be super anal about it but if somebody is going for a jam and they travel it should be called regardless if it's a highlight or not. 
Reminds me of this: http://i.imgur.com/ykOfEjM.gifv
it may not be a big deal, in that specific time-space, but a travel means the other team gets the ball. lets now fast forward to the dying seconds of the 4th - what if CHA was up by 2, because the travel wasn't called? what if SAS had the ball with 5 secs left and the game was tied because the travel WAS called and SAS got 2 off it. hmmmm?
Come on ref. Call the damn travel. 
Where's Secaucus when you need em? 
/r/mildlyinfuriating 
Kemba Walker goes for a walk in San Antonio?
I mean they did call that hilarious Norris Cole and Hassan Whiteside out of bounds exchange 
This has GOT to stop.
Kemba can do no wrong. UCONN! 
Get in the weight room
Can anyone show Pops face while he did this?
Come on, man. That was 4-legged crab dribble.
Jesus Christ on a bicycle. going back to /r/panthers 

This is dumb 
This looks like an all too familiar call for me, a former youth-league referee. One team of all 8-year olds is beating the crap out of the other team of all 7-year olds.

Situational officiating is a real thing!
It's mind-blowing how many people seem to think there was an executive decision by the NBA to tell officials to "let it go" when someone takes four steps without dribbling. What the hell are you even talking about? 

The refs missed this call because it didn't *look* like a travel and it didn't occur in a time or situation where travels or any other violations typically occur. Period. There's no other discussion to be had. 
and then later he argues to the ref about a foul he clearly committed.
one of many reasons to no longer watch basket ball. the palming, traveling, fake fouls, preferential treatment for super stars... wrestling is more real than this bs

Well he is a.... Walker.
Kemba was distracted by some big 'ol women eating churros.
Reminds me of Lebron. He travels all the time.      https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=g4_PiG59bbs  https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Hz7XG7_YRvo   https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=-6iibPJb-yo   
Is this really a big deal? It's not like he gained an advantage over the other team by not dribbling there, so why does it matter that he did it and that the refs didn't call it?
I was expecting a camera following him in the river walk
I can't believe he would do something like this. Ugh
Kemba Strolls goes for a walk in San Antonio
How did that work out for his team? 
Hey?
pretty much every player does that and it never gets called. nothing special really. 
hey at least other players are getting the lebron treatment for once
I generally hate basketball, but holy shit that was egregious.  I can't believe what I'm seeing.
I hate this about the NBA. Watch some guys on slow motion and they all travel. They should just get rid of this rule.
Who cares about the travel when bring the ball up the court with no press after an inbound? If no one ever dribbled on that side of the court without a press after an inbound I would not care at all. Change the rules for all I care? Want him to dribble? Press him. If you don't D him up on that side of the court you obviously don't care about dribbling vs carrying. 
somewhere someone's racist uncle is like, I told you they don't ever calling traveling anymore.

Kinda doesn't matter when he's in the backcourt and no one is pressuring him on defense
I can't fathom being angry about a meaningless missed call this like. A blown travel call on an important play? Okay. But this? Jesus.
This isn't as bad as the camera angle makes it look. Look closely at when the ball makes contact with his hand. 
Learn the rules.
They didn't quit their job c'mon now.
If true that's really impressive, and dumb
It says Kobe's Last Game**s** with an 's'.  I'm assuming seats for $6000 is a combined amount of games and not $3,000 for that game. 

*or wait maybe they are $3,000* :o
Lmao, tagged as a "roster move" 'cause they quit their jobs....
No way did court side to 76ers game go for 3k a piece 
&gt;Just take Malaysian airlines, you are bound to crash somewhere

Damn
If they could spend all that money just to fly here and go to that game they are doing OK I'm sure
Wow, $8500 to see someone chuck airballs.
This reminds me of the people who committed suicide when MJ died.
Not sure if stupidity or commitment.  O_o 


Doesn't Kobe speak Italian? 
It's a bargain when you think about it. They got to see history twice: Kobe's last game in Philly and the Sixers' ending their historic streak.
dominate loyalty
Kobe continues to ruin random peoples lives. 
Dropped 8500 bucks, and you can't get a hotel? Dumbasses. 
Fucking stupid
Am I the only one here who thinks that it's absolutely retarded to spend 6k on tickets to a game?
Ball really is life.
Fake.... Italians don't work.... 
Kobe gave em enough bricks to build a house to stay in
I'm from central alberta and one of my buddies is flying to Toronto to watch Kobe play.
Thats just a dumb life decision 
I will never understand sports fans.  WTF is wrong with some people.
Damn...I wish I'd had that kind of money to blow on crap...
You see, if everything they said was true (which i doubt) then that's just plain stupidity. At the very least if you are going to do something as idiotic as this, go see his last game against LeBron or Duncan or someone.
First time ever probably that Italians came to vacation in Philly
Maybe Jahlil can help them out. I heard he was yelling in the streets of Boston he has money.
Going to see your hero play like an undrafted free-agent who signs with Philly? Sure, priceless.
What a waste of money to see him play so badly. 
Are they for real? That's some dedication
fuck man if I had 9000 dollars in disposable money and I was gonna blow at all at once I sure as fuck wouldn't fly to Philly
Wait,  $6k for a Courtside seat to watch the Lakers and 76ers play?  That doesn't seem right.  

They have the be pretty much giving those seats away.
What a bunch of fucking idiots.
Silliness. Airport hotels cost $60 in Philly. 
Are people *still* referencing that awful series of commercials? 
[deleted]
Any1 know if kobe is playing back to backs? 
That's probably in Lira
Just grab any hotel room, he can pay for it after he stops by.
Is $6000 the price for courtside seats?
Who the fuck pays $3000 per seat in Philadelphia? These poor bastards got ripped off royally! 
I would totally let them stay with me if I lived there
Air BnB yo
I do not think quitting their job would be more expensive in Philly, but maybe it was, because Kobe.
I see I'm not the only time he took more threes was against the Supersonics.
There are always veteran game, or charity events to see him play just as well as he does now.
/r/thatHappened/
Stupidity Just take Malaysian airlines, you are definitely much higher than lots of arenas.
Well i do admire their courage
Wow, $8500 to see him in LA?
so they spent 8500$ on tickets to a game and a flight but didnt bother to try to save a couple of bucks for a shitty hotel?
Someone needs to prioritize their life better
They spent $8500 to see a basketball game, but can't afford a night in a hotel? C'mon...
Looks like they didn't have enough money for a sign either.
Court side seats are $6 grand?! The fucking fuck?
as someone who has had court side seats, they are not that expensive.
No way tickets cost that.  Even for the lakers... 
Shit, you better have got some autographs then
Court side seats to a sixers game? Worst team in the league? Yeah those aren't going to be $6000 
This is what I was saying to r/NBA for weeks.  The Lakers are one of the worst teams in the league. They have a shitty coach. The west the stacked. Russell is a non-factor. It doesn't really matter what they do at this point. But for the fans all over the world, they deserve to see Kobe even if he's just checking shots and waving to people. The Lakers are one of the most viewed basketball teams despite the record, they still sell out, Kobe top 43 in Jersey sales in the world. Kobe is the biggest player in places like China and Italy. So let the man check a few shots and wave. He's earned it and this is the first time we've ever seen someone fall from grace.  There casual fans out there that just want to see him. The hard-core fans of rough with him. And their little kids hearing all the stories and just want to see his face. Let them enjoy ot 
Lol You mean you don't need to find a job when they return to Italy and end up homeless.
why philly?
If true: complete fucking idiots.
All that for 76ers vs Lakers?
No way these guys are Italian. "P.S. Can we crash at someone's place tonight?" is the most North American thing ever. There's no way an Italian would speak English like that.
For the tons of people that are posting saying courtside seats do not cost that much, especially in philly. The face value on those tickets is $1000-$1600 depending on where they were. They are very obviously sold out to season ticket holders only. You can only purchase them on the secondary market. For Kobe's coming home party to Philly, the first game after he announced his retirement, and the last game Kobe will ever play in Philly, the price goes up.

Tickets in my section/row were selling easily for 10x face value on stubhub. I of course went but none the less, don't comment on pricing of tickets when you are clueless. Did you not hear that kobe was retiring? LOL
I did the same thing to see LeBron play. Except it was from Texas to Philly, and I had some old friends that lived in Philly anyway.

And we sat about 7 rows back, and the tickets were about $100 each.
That's so awesome. I would have never expected the tickets to become a premium. The Lakers organization are probably jacking up there extra ticks now too!
I've never seen Kobe play. Instead of going home for thanksgiving, I decided to drive down to Portland to catch a game. My ticket was 50 bucks. Great choice, who needs family!
I was going to see him when they came to Orlando. Ended up seeing him at Starbucks on my lunch break and figured that was good enough. Worked out since he didn't even play that night. 
Priorities
$6000 to see two of the worst teams in the NBA, and to see an old and washed up Kobe shoot 27% and miss most of his 17 3 point attempts in a loss? Umm, ok dude.
quit their jobs, in this economy, to see the lakers this season? 
You've got to be a stupid idiot to pay for it after he stops by.
People like this should not reproduce 
Right, if true very stupid.  I mean I like basketball.  However going broke and traveling across the world to see a dude bounce a ball...don't go full retard.  
anyone else think this was a dumb thing to do? wondering if this would be considered a wise decision or not
That's a lot of money to see the most overrated player to ever play in the NBA.
All that money wasted just to see an overrated rapist... What a shame.
Holy Shit! thats fandom(downright idiocy) right there. Especially if they quit/lost their jobs in the process.
Why would you need to quit your job to go to Philly to watch a basketball game?  If so, they are idiots, or very rich idiots where the job didnt matter in the first place lol
News flash: your "hero" is an anal rapist.
Allegedly.
Idiots.
This sign is awesome.  And for how much hate Kobe garners, I will miss the shit out of him.  As a Bulls fan, I never appreciated him and thought of him as a cheaper version of Jordan.  I was wrong and will miss him.
That's a lot of money to see a rapist.  
  

What worthless people. its a fucking game. they're regret that shit. 
People shameless about getting "likes" these days.
Is he a rapist?
You've got to be a stupid idiot to pay for $6000 seats
[deleted]
this is not true.... and if we were true; it's a bad decision. I am disappointed either way.
The Rockets then signed him to a veteran's minimum to help their depth at power forward.
I've heard Scotty Brooks is available.
I guess it's a whole lot easier to fire a coach than the whole team
Can't say I'm surprised but I do feel bad because I really like Kevin McHale as a person. I hope he finds a job in the NBA soon. There are lots of good potential coaches to take over Houston's job right now.
Here comes Tom Thibodeau.
BAH GAWD THAT'S TOM THIBODEAU'S MUSIC 
Holy shit. Wojbomb
&gt;J.B. Bickerstaff, will become interim head coach, league sources tell Yahoo. Assistant Chris Finch will become associate head coach.

https://twitter.com/WojYahooNBA/status/666994875406147584
🚀🔫 
The Rockets should hire Mark Jackson and just double down on their Warriors rivalry
what's Rudy T up to?
When Jeremy Lin sees this... http://i.imgur.com/FjECEdz.gifv
I know it's the begining of the season but there is too much talent on the Rockets to be playing this bad 
While I don't really agree with firing him after 11 games. People on here need to understand that Rockets fans are tired of running Isos the whole time. There is little to no motion in our offense and our defense is suspect more often than not. While I appreciate Mchale and have always loved his ability to connect to the players, and there's no doubting that the players loved him. I think this is the right move, although I do think it's a bit of an overreaction to what is happening right now. 
Nothings gonna work until Harden apologizes to Lil' B
Well damn. I gotta admit I wanted it to happen but I'm shocked it was this fast. Doesn't really help anything yet, we need an actual replacement to make this a smart move, so I really want to see who Morey has in mind. 


Calling it right now, Mark Jackson.
Any chance of Shane Battier?
Mike Gorman, the celtics play by play guy, was on the radio this morning and said he was talking to McHale in Houston the other night...McHale was downtrodden telling him his team just doesnt "get it" and he's envious of the celtics roster where there are minimal egos to deal with. He was saying having superstars is overrated. He must be so fucking pissed off and disappointed at this houston team. Not his fault at all.
now fire dwayne casey
About time. Coach Thibs time?
This won't make them any better
Wow. I really didn't think he's the problem. Huge overreaction IMO
I hope Cubes is trying to get McHale on our bench next to Rick as an assistant right now
Oh good, this shouldn't cause more instability for the team or anything.
https://twitter.com/WojYahooNBA/status/666994875406147584

J.B. Bickerstaff, will become interim head coach, league sources tell Yahoo. Assistant Chris Finch will become associate head coach.
From wcf to fired 11 games in. Lol. 
and we still have Byron Scott coaching..
### What in the fucking flying fuck is this?
Just refresh and watch the world burn.
Yet Byron Scott still has a job
Talented roster + disappointing record = fired coach. The sports math checks out.
So where do they go from here? Thibs? Scott Brooks?
New player coach James Harden replaces shoot around with drink around. Ty Lawson approves!
MOREEEEEYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
The Fallout bombs may have dropped in 2077 but the Wojbomb drops **TODAY**
THANK YOU GOD. The Rockets need someone, anyone, who actually knows how to coach and get some effort out of his guys instead of being their best friend.
IS THAT TOM THIBODEAU'S MUSIC?!
LOL
Celtics loss leads to firing of Celtics legend...
Rockets don't play defense anyways so might as well go with D'Antoni.
byron scott is available
Can we blame Dwight yet?? 
I willll rememberrrr youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
Coaches always get canned when it's the teams fault for sucking ass. 
Now it's Byron Scott's turn
LAKERS FASTER, FASTER!!!!
Like he was the problem. The rockets are lazy. No one plays defense and everyone has ego issues. Their front court just don't work together. Kevin definitely didn't deserve to get fired.  
Just verbalized "holy shit" during class.
All James Harden has to do is man up and apologize to Lil B the Basedgod. Smh. 
Seems reasonable... fire a coach who got you to the playoffs last season 11 games into the season!
**WOJBOMB**
Welcome to your new home thibs!
Thibs on that team... Man
I don't know how to feel.
Who is going to take over the clapping ?
Thibs? Harden doing defensive drills would be a thrill to watch.
Man, I'm really conflicted. I loved McHale the Person. Such a great guy with a tragic past couple of years. As far as I knew all the players loved him. The Coach on the other hand was frustrating. Just look at our offense. It lacks any imagination whatsoever. The rotations would be questionable at times and new guys had the hardest times cracking it. All that being said, teams go through bad stretches. It was still early in the season. We could have turned out around, we still can, but I believe these guys would have got it together with him at the helm. We made the WCF with an arguably inferior roster last year. McHale was part of that and continuity is huge. Blah.

Just rambling. My brain says this was the right decision but for now my heart is hurting a little. Wish you the best coach. Thanks for everything. 
I admit that I haven't been following the Rockets very closely.  But, since McHale took over as Rockets head coach in 2011, he went 193-130 and led Houston to the playoffs three times in five seasons.  His .598 career winning percentage is the best mark in franchise history.
He clearly got fired for his flagrant abuse on Harden: https://vine.co/v/OHxx0jiaJMz 
how was he so great last season but now he is fired? sounds like he was a scapegoat 
kevin take the rest of this season off to relax and find some nice housing in LA because you'll be coaching the lakers next season
Rockets are fucked on multiple levels. I feel a bit bad for mchale
Rockets fans does this make sense? I thought I was more on your players not playing defense and Harden and Lawson wasn't a good fit together 
I watched them during the celtics game. They gave ZERO  effort. Even after a timeout, it made no difference what so ever.

I am not saying that firing the coach is the right move, but it is one of the only moves you can make to send a message to the rest of the team.

I am not sure who can get to some of those guys, because they looked bored on the court. 
ONE TIME ELEVEN YEAR OLD ME WROTE KEVIN MCHALE A LETTER ASKING FOR TIPS ON POST MOVES AND GUESS WHAT?! NO ANSWER

Serves him right.
What in the woj?
Damn thats crazy. I get they had a bad run but i assumed he was gonna just stick there. 
Has any team won a championship after firing the head coach during the season?
The problem isn't the coach - the problems are the players thinking that they run the show
Do you guys see that? It's the rockets preseason aspirations sailing off into the distance
LEEG FUCKED
What happened at that player meeting?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ABJK1qOO9XY
Holy fuck I actually didn't expect that to happen so soon. 
Bring in Thibodeaux! 
Seems like a bit of an overreaction by Houston ownership... 

Feel bad for McHale, I liked the dude and thought he was a good personality to coach players like Harden/Howard 
Shocking. 

I don't picture Thibs in Houston. He'd probably bench Harden for playing bad defense. 
HOOOOOLY SHIT. 
Once the news came out of the team not following the plays he calls, you just knew his days where numbered. I guess many rocket fans got their wish
It had to be done. The man ran no lays and had completely lost the team.
Officially on Thibodeau watch
I want Thibs.
I've never been in such a state of overwhelming relief and panic at the same time.
Rockets to the playoffs confirmed.
Someone ask JVG if he wants the job...
So we might not be forced to see Harden dribble put the clock on the last possession of each quarter and standstill off ball movement anymore?
This is the right move. The Rockets played with no apparent scheme on offense despite being loaded with talent. McHale sounded exasperated like he'd lost the team. Maybe JVG or Chris Finch will be the replacement? 
JVG please come home

that or

Tom "literally NBA Kevin James" Thibodeau
Idk how to feel about this. I'm scared that this act will dig a deeper hole but I'm also hopeful that this could be the catalyst the Rockets desperately needed. Inb4 Jeff van Gundy becomes coach 
is there any legitimacy to the Thibs rumors or all entirely r/nba speculation at this point?
IT'S A PANIC BONANZA!
Any chance Thibs is considered for/ takes this job??
You shall enjoy the ride with Scotty Brooks. You will see
Coach: Bryon Scott

Assistants: Mark Jackson and Brian Shaw 
Time for more of Scot's secrit plays!
big mistake
Oh great. Now we're going to lose tonight.
This after the players only meeting yesterday. If Harden went to Morey afterward and said he wanted McHale fired, I'll be extremely disappointed.
HAHAHAHAHA
Maybe they should fire their shitty hustle.
I want Dwayne Casey to be next.
wojbombs up in this motherfucker
Honestly, this is a long time coming. McHale just is not a good coach.
*SLAMS PANIC BUTTON*
we are so fucked
How fun would it be to see D'Antoni get a hold of this team?
About 2 years too late
Ty Lawson = Coach Killer?
I call Brooks or Thibs will be the next coach.
Wow. I figured this would happen if we were still sucking half way through the season but not this early. Could be the best move as McHale wasn't a great coach, just too bad because I liked him as a person.
He should have had Ty come off the bench sooner. Not surprised, but still in a bit of disbelief. Shouldn't fire a coach unless you know the replacement is better. Hopefully Bickerstaff has a game plan.
Good move. Had to get rid of the last likeable guy in that franchise
LoL.  one scapegoat gets scapegoated.
The Mchale, Morey combination always seemed super awkward to me.
wow im not big on mchale but i didnt want him fired! wtf this is way too early. they pushed the panic button too fast.
The Kardashian curse spares no one.
the cavs were barley a 500 team last season through nov/dec but still made the finals.

im not a big mchale fan but even i can say this is way too early. given his success here, they should've gave him more time. give him a chance to break out of this slump. they re-signed him really fast, they owe it to him. 

oh well, at least this shows management is willing to make big changes. i hope the next coach knows his x's and o's!
He's a good coach, he will get another chance.

poor decision by the Rockets imo.
Im looking forward to seeing if the problem was the coach of all the guys.  Personally I have never been a fan of Hardens demeanor and do not think in the slightest he can be the leader of a championship caliber team, and am really looking forward to see what the season says to that regard.
I highly doubt that it was the 4-7 record alone.  Everyone could tell from the body language of the players that there was something going on behind the scenes.  I haven't seen all their games, but read quite a few game notes that the players have been ignoring McHale's calls for certain plays, particularly on defense.   
Timberwolves will take him! I'd really enjoy him as a coach
I know he probably wouldn't accept, but it would be sweet him as a assistant coach in Boston. Teaching some moves to Kelly. 
Shocking news this, Don't understand the firing of McHale, No great alternatives available I would of given him till the end of the season and then looked at who was available in the summer. This change is drastic and I think with the way the T-wolves look at the moment and the Suns who are on fire at the moment, Memphis have gotten their act together I think the Rockets could miss the playoffs. 
Who's the next hot shot college coach to be hired?
Scott Brooks incoming
Celtics beat them so bad they had to do something.
They have to have Thibs lined up, right? They wouldn't just fire McHale with no backup plan. That isn't Morey's MO.
I have enough NBA 2k Player and Management experience for the job
D'Antoni
http://imgur.com/ap9Hxmb
On court leadership is the Rocket's problem 
&gt;As Kevin McHale's charred corpse, tied to a crooked wooden cross, blew away with the wind, the crowd of Rockets fans began to murmur. They began to look around. All amongst the crowd, yells and pitchforks were dropped, a single question fluttered through their minds as they began to wonder: *What now?*
Paging Thibs
Granted I know it's not all on him but I find it funny all I've heard is how great of a coach McHale is and now they fire him
I wonder how Thibs would fit in there.
Holy shit. I didn't think they'd actually do it. I've been feeling  like the Ty Lawson project has been the real problem along with bad defense. I mean shit... He was a candidate for coach of the year last season and lead us to the Western conference finals. Plus the contract extension. Did I miss something? 
My dad was a night club DJ in the 80's. He recalls a time when McHale was playing for Boston - after beating the rockets they came into my dad's club and McHale started a "Houston sucks" chant. He was not forgiven. My dad is a happy man today. 
About time! Wonder if this team can turn it around and become and start looking like a contender again.
I am shocked as he was such a good coach last year
Alright, the Rockets have gotten rid off the only thing I liked about them. Now they are 100% hateable, I love it!
Scapegoat...
McHale wasn't even the problem
Now that he's free of the shit vortex, McHale has got to go public and let us know what the hell is going on with the Rockets this year. Not even a Kardashian curse can do this to a team this talented. 

Conspiracy Theory: This is all part of George Karl's master plan to escape Sacramento, lining up his new job. 🌾🐍🌾
When the players quit on you, what else can you do? This will be good for both sides.
Who'd have thought that the first coach fired this season would be the guy who took his team to the WCF and was a candidate for Coach of the Year not even six months prior?
One Tom Thibodeau, please.
*snickering loudly*
Lol. RIP Rockets. 
Dwight Howard is the person that should have been fired, he won't run the floor and has the basketball IQ of an adolescent playing middle school ball. 
Coaching is overrated and easy to blame when things go wrong.
So, the Rockets just fired a guy that they signed to a three-year extension less than 12 months ago. Yeah, there's some piss-poor management in Houston, but it isn't on the bench.
[So the implosion begins...](http://i.giphy.com/iSKFtpF2HzneE.gif)
Pat Riley fired SVG in 2006 and took over coaching duties for the Heat. They won a title that season.  SVG was fired much later in the season than this. What did the Heat do the previous season? Reach the Conference Finals. Who were their star players? Wade and Shaq, an elite shooting guard and an aging center. Sound familiar?
Maybe someone can finally teach Harden to play defense.
Woj strikes again
Well fuck 
Holy shit
This seems rash, but I usually don't pay much attention to NBA until Christmas. What happened? I see they're 4-7 but that doesn't seem like a coach firing record.
It was only a matter of time. 
Didn't see that coming...
that was really unexpected. 
I guess that players only meeting worked in an unintended way
WOJ BOMB ITS HAPPENING EVERYBODY!!!!!
Has any team that has fired a coach during the season gone on to be successful during the playoffs?

I wonder if there is a enough time for a new coach to come in, make sweeping changes to the offensive and defensive game plan, and be successful by the Rockets standards (WCF or Finals).
let's see if someone actually is able to hold Dwight and Harden accountable
What a crazy season this has already been, holy shit
Damn not necessary honestly. This is on the players 
I didn't expect that. 
Fucking insane. We play tonight, too 
That was unexpected 
Damn. I really think the teams effort was the issue. Guess they need a coach who's rougher on his guys. 
Interesting, wonder if the next Coach will be as accommodating on Morey Ball.
Dwight probably giggled.
McHale had some strategies that I wouldn't agree with, but Idk if he was the sole issue.
I know most of our fan base was calling for his head, but this is still surprising. Damn...
[deleted]
Wow and to think he received an extension not too long ago.
Holy shit this came out of nowhere
Well the players got what they wanted. They really didn't look like they wanted to play for him. It was really horrible to see. McHale is an awesome guy and good coach. 
Lakers will take one Kevin McHale please 
WojBOMB
Shane Battier would make a good coach
That was quick.
He had a very unenviable job of trying to motivate James Harden, Dwight Howard, and Ty Lawson. Not an easy job and easy to lose the players. They won't play hard for Thibs. He would rub them the wrong way. Nees a players coach like Doc. Not sure who is out there.
It was long overdue. They need a better system implementation. 
Whoa. I'm ok with it but didn't think it would happen this soon. Les Alexander isn't fucking around. 
From WCF to unemployed real quick
Holy Shit. I didn't think it would actually happen. About fucking time though.
Can they steal Luke Walton? That would be a amazing fuck you move. 
WTF. Who are they gonna replace him with? Brooks? Thibs? 

Although this was a long time coming, didn't think they'll pull the trigger this season.
Damn Morey you cold as ice!


I swear I watch this dudes highlights like 5-6 times a year and every time I'm still like "how is that fucking possible."
I hate that the NBA has so much footage in their archives that the public can't access. They need to back-catolauge every NBA game they have in the vaults, digitize it, and sell it as part of League Pass.
&gt;The cameraman's worst nightmare.

YouTube comments spilling truth lmao.
Man he played (and looked) like he was on meth, in the best way possible. So many tweaked out movements and had to keep everything interesting.
The early 2000's was the golden era of flashy and entertaining basketball - Iverson's crossovers, VC's dunking, J-Will's passing. I miss it =(
I love it. That crossover on Kobe is nasty
I feel like Jason Williams is the most "street ball" player in the history of the NBA, and will probably continue to be.
Those Kings teams played some of the most entertaining basketball I've ever seen. 

They were like the OG Clippers. 
Him and Randy Moss came from the same poverty ridden town of a few thousand in W.V.. Makes you wonder what it was about that little town that produced two stud athletes of such high caliber in such a short amount of time. 
[What. The. Hell.](http://gfycat.com/FarawayMeanCrocodile)
I always loved the [commercial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VqYz-KJS1J4) he and Randy had for Nike. I wish I could have played against them in High School, would have been so much fun just getting demolished. 
Shortly after his Magic tenure, J-Will played pick-up a couple nights a week at the Dr. Phillips YMCA in Orlando.  My favorite nuance of his was that he referred to everyone as "my man", and simply changed his inflection of it to have it fit the scenario.  If you caught a pass from him and finished -- "my man!".  If you dropped a pass or turned it over -- "my man...".

This one particular night, I was playing on the opposing team, and this one poor dude just could not get on the same page with J-Will.  Dropping his passes left and right.  Mid-game J-Will hits him with an elbow pass on a break, which whizzes right by this guy since he obviously wasn't ready for such a thing.  He's finally had enough and looks as Jason Williams and goes "DUDE, WHY CAN'T YOU JUST THROW NORMAL FUCKIN PASSES!?!?"

Needless to say, everyone had a good laugh that this guy had ZERO idea who Jason Williams was.      
On that very last play they accidentally gave the points to the wrong team at first. No, it was actually Sacramento both times, guys.
The good old days when White Chocolate had just taken the hoops world by storm. For one beautiful summer everybody playing pickup ball was actually passing and thinking it was cool. 
I am just glad he has his ring.
I feel like that quote from Michael Scott is good for JW game. 

"Sometimes I'll ***jump with the ball***, and I don't even know where it's going. I just hope I find it along the way. Like an improv conversation. An improversation." 
Great pleasure of basketball man for my eyes. 
Me as a young kid, J Will was a marvel to watch. From a team aspect, Mike Bibby was a better overall fit. But damn it really was the Greatest Show On Court
I swear I could watch Jason Williams highlights all day.
amazing. really played with so much style and rhythm. the way he changed directions so quickly just blows my mind. also the elbow pass is just wow.
These are some of the nastiest passes I've ever seen. I did not appreciate this guy enough while he played and I loved him.
[Just look at how casually this man does one of the sickest moves I've ever seen](https://youtu.be/bYLSWceZhWk?t=2m16s)
@ :46- no look behind the back touch pass... https://i.imgur.com/CRumsLk.gif

and the shit gets better as the video goes on
Wow that just brought me so much joy.
As a kid from the Minnesota suburbs, Jason Williams was the guy I tried to replicate the most. My basketball career did not go well. 
10.5/2.3/5.9 on 40/33/81 may not be the craziest splits of all time but man is he fun to watch.

Very sad I wasn't able to appreciate white chocolate live.  I'd enjoy it if he showed up in that "champions league" I read about yesterday.
I spent hours in the driveway trying to do my favorite move of his (2:35), fake a behind the back pass into a jump stop to freeze the defender then hit the shot.
One thing that I admire about him is that his no-look passes are truly no-look. Now when you see people do it, their face is in one direction but their eyes are all googly and still looking in the direction of the pass (i.e. Lebron). WC had other-worldly spatial awareness.
Man he straight made Frobe look like a fool a few times lol
Come on NBA, just give us a video archive
That was cool as fuck.
That was very pleasing to my eyes.
Just filthy
I remember when he shook Gary Payton nasty and got that respect nod from him.
Fav player of all time. I got the fresh kings purple and silver jersey of his. He's who I model my pickup Bball game after. 
If /r/nba was around when Jason Williams was on the Kings I'm pretty sure the front page would just be dominated by his highlights. 
What the hell happened in Memphis? Did the coach tell him to stop playing like this or something? Ever highlight was in a Kings jersey. 
Man I would love to work in the NBA footage room thing, so I can watch highlights all day and pick my favorites.
*"Hey Chris, why don't you run towards the basket. There will be dunks."*
Those cross-overs on Kobe and The Glove were just disgusting.
The world would be a happier place with more Jason Williamsesses
Happy 40th birthday to the greatest player in basketball history.
Love to know the song
the NBA needs more Guards like Jason Williams.

meaning, players who can successfully translate the excitement of streetball moves to the structure of professional ball, in a manner other than just fancy fast break dunks.

I may be a little different from most, but a ridiculously great flashy pass always gets me more hype than a dunk does. 
throwing together a bit of nash, curry, rondo, and maybe iverson and you get this guy. obviously not to such levels but you see shades of them all over the place. He could play, and entertain all the while. 
It's pretty cool that the league was so gracious with the carrying calls. 
I feel like J-Will always lacked a patient coach who could actually encourage his style instead of the controlling types who made him an ordinary player.

For every flashy play, there were just about (maybe twice as much) as baffling plays that made you go "what the hell is he doing out there?".

It drove Adelman crazy which lead to wanting a more stable point guard in Bibby and Williams sent packing to Memphis.

I always saw Jason Williams as one of those "what ifs".
I'll say it again the elbow pass is the most creative and equally difficult pass ever completed in the history of the nba. 
Who was the better passer in their prime, Nash or Jason Williams?
I can say this, even though I wasn't even a huge NBA fan at the time (I've recently acquired the itch) I remember I saw him play the Pistons as a King. It was pretty neat to see. Dude really had some fun moves.
White Chocolate's got insane handles. Half the clips I thought he was either double dribbling or travelling but that's probably just my crappy internet unable to buffer videos in HD
Randy Moss and White Chocolate in HS must've been Showtime Lakers reincarnated.
SO MUCH FLAVOR
That put a smile on my face. Thanks man. 
Got real confused during his bald phase clips, if he wasnt so fast Id think it was Bibby
Guys I think I saw Christian Laettner!!!
This makes me so happy, he had some much flavor haha well done.
Pretty sure this is not legal:

https://youtu.be/s9Hb-hpkDYc?t=2m36s


an artist who made a living playing basketball
Even though Mike Bibby was the better fit for the team, I missed the hell out of Williams when he left. That guy did some unreal stuff every game
That move on Shawn Bradley is straight nasty. I like this clip the most, even though 99% is potato quality: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FO4ZQz3b-00
Webber was the best King I got to see play. Peja had the best shot. Doug Christie had some of the best defense. But White Chocolate was definitely the most fun to watch.
HE'S A GOD DAMN WIZARD FROM SOME MAGICAL DIMENSION!!!
Obligatory: can you imagine if this guy started playing in the twitter era? Dude came out of nowhere.
jason williams is the basketball epitome of get fly or die trying
The elbow pass is not in the video though, kinda disappointed
NBA mixtapes made by the NBA itself are actually really dope
How was this dude not the GOAT. My god. 
[Dude with the bald hairstyle looks like Nux from Mad Max](http://imgur.com/gallery/eFaXjpu/new)


i don't know whats more impressive, the passes or the fact that his teammates were always ready and caught the ball

And then they traded his ass for Mike Bibby
I cannot make sense of the dish at 0:50. Teleportation? 
JWill's highlights are so fun to watch but I still remember early career how many terrible passes he had among the beautiful ones.  Until 2002-ish he was averaging like 3 turnovers per game.  He cut those down later on but still it was hard sometimes.
Even with all those Crazy passes his career assist to TO ratio is an impressive 3/1.
I remember trying to emulate him on the court every time I played. Good on the NBA for sharing this!

Man, three minutes of smiles.

Side-necdote: Met some swamp people from Florida this summer playing ball at a park in northern Wisconsin, bonded over Jason Williams.
jason williams has always been the basketball player's basketball player. so damn overlooked, but if you play and love this sport he'll always hold a special place in your heart. literally top 3 handles in history.
DID DIS DUDE JUS DID DIS

over and over again.
Those left handed passes are ridiculous  
thank you so much 
KUROKOOOOOO
Oh man this brings back memories. White chocolate was one of my favorite point guards growing up
No white chocolate mix is complete without the infamous "Elbow Pass"
Holy ball control wtf
Very rare, DO NOT STEAL
I've always heard so much about him, and seen highlights like this. But as someone who wasn't watching Basketball while he was playing, how was he? Did he actually put up good numbers, or was it mostly for show?
I couldn't even follow some of his passes.
Crazy highlight reel from WhiteBoy as always. Also the beat on the video is pretty fresh
What's the song? Anybody?
This is how I hope D'Lo will develop into.
Gary Payton's face tho.
Don't forget he won a ring on the heat he shot like 45-35-90 12 ppg 6 dimes.
I wonder what the fuck his teammates had to be thinking when he was doing crazy shit like that.
I never got to watch him play much.  Did he turn the ball over a lot?
I never watched a lot of J Will when he was playing, but did refs call him for traveling and carrying a lot?  Seems like a lot of his moves looked so unorthodox that they'd whistle him a lot even if it wasn't.
the kings never should've traded him for mike bibby. that trade didn't really make them much better but it definitely made them much less entertaining.
The funk is within him 
That elbow pass always gets me
2:36 Is that legal? To jump like that?
at first i was annoyed that the NBA shut down those highlight channels because those channels were providing content the NBA wasn't willing to, but the NBA is clearly making a legitimate effort to fill that void. 
I watched that with a huge smile on my face.

That's borderline /r/woahdude material. What a performer.
christ those passes.
Man, I never get tired of watching his mixtapes. Such an entertaining game.
They subtracted points from the Warriors on the last play 
I cant wait to watch this, when I get off work. I dont really follow the NBA anymore. But in the early 2000's when I did, White Chocolate was my favorite player!
Bruh. I was actually disappointed seeing the video was 2 mins and some change.  I was like thats not enough time. But damn...that was a lot of highlights. I even stopped and had to check how much time was left.
Can we just have the Jason Williams gif of the day under the sidebar or something. That video went rapid fire through incredible standalone moves
HE FAKED ME OUT AND IM JUST WATCHING THE VIDEO
No doubt this guy has some amazing highlight reels but how was he as a basketball player overall? Wiki shows he has literally no accolades besides rookie first team and winning the championship with miami in 2006.
I feel violated
Okay was this guy a legend-to-be cut short or did he just have super cool moves once in a while that made eveyones jaw drop?
Where's the elbow pass?
Mesut Ozil on the hardcourt
I always fail at the elbow pass man, cant mimic greatness 😂
The music was so annoying

Kings used to be such an exciting team. White Chocolate, CWebb, Peja, Hedo, Christie, Bibby, Vlade, Aldeman...
They don't make em like White Chocolate any more.. I remember reading that he would go to gym for up to 10 hours a day and not shoot the ball a single time.
I have watched a lot of his highlights and this had a bunch of crazy clips I'd never seen before. Happy B-day White Chocolate 
What exactly is a "rare clip". Just one that is not frequently or broadly disseminated? Or we talking about a situation where the one copy of a preseason game got rescued from a burning building?
I loved Jason Williams when I was a kid.  He was absolutely sick.  I practiced that fake behind-the-back-pass-layup countless times.
i was pretty young when the kings where a good team. I loved that team because they're players were so cool to me. I'm wondering now how jason williams and mike bibby played together. Did Bibby get popular after jason left? or was williams a bench player?

Brookside Chocolate commercial before watching White Chocolate in action. Nice. Real nice. 
My ankles hurt...
GOAT
The second coming of Pete Maravich!
He turned 40 today, which is probably why they released it. 
that moment when you realize that analytics and efficiency have made the game less fun
basketball's own eminem
I hope he plays in the legend league or whatever they're calling it 
if this isnt the best thing ever i dont know what is
And they call it "Curry's behind the back dribble"...
This guy is making me exclaim loudly at a late hour of the night.  Good stuff.
J Dub brought the whole bald headed white guy thing back. Neo Nazis never got so much play as they did when J Dub was a star.

But how can they not include his behind the back, off the elbow pass?
If you're under about 25, y'all missed an amazing NBA season with J Will, Vince Carter and Paul Pierce all coming in as rookies that year.  
I can watch highlights of his career all day
literally revived kings basketball in the late 90s
dude still has game: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4dlIJpHYCZk
Back when the Kings deserved a new stadium
I love how even some of his team mates get faked out by his fake passes
CWebb, Vladi, Doug Christie, Bibby, JWill, Hedu, Peja. man they were fun to watch.
I have an erection. Holy shit his highlights always leave me amazed.
Everything about that was fucking awesome including the background music going.
Always will have love for Jason Williams
I love this guys highlights. Great video, thanks OP.
Going just by highlights, he looks like one of the best basketball players of all time.
Save
The first NBA game I ever went to was in 2000...floor seats at the old Arco Arena in Sacramento, Kings vs. Jazz. I was 10 years old, and we'd gotten to the arena a little early so some players were warming up. Jason Williams (and a lot of the rest of the Kings) was there; man he had some crazy handles. Got a picture with him and Chris Webber, it's sitting back home somewhere. They were both really nice people. Also, Karl Malone was jacked as hell, super intimidating even from across the court haha...
Goddamn NBA killed it with this mixtape. Good choice of a beat too.
How did this guy not just dominate the nba? He makes it look like an "and-1" mixtape, And I know it's a highlight tape, but still...he just seems to know exactly what every other player is going to do to the point where he can make a show out of it.
He crossed Kobe and Gary Payton the fuck up
My first favorite player, made the game always entertaining 
I wonder how do black players and black NBA fans view JW as a player.

Ricky Rubio is watching
This brought back alot of memories watching him play. And then it made me sad cuz I saw Supersonic uniforms. They need to bring that team back soooo bad.
Most impressive thing was that he was white.

As a lifelong Kings fan this depresses me.  

Fucking Vlade swatting the ball back to Robert Horry for him to drain the 3 to take the series to 2-2 vs 3-2.  

Bastards.
i approve
Man, this makes me miss the Yinka Dare highlight reels even more. So much nostalgia
I understand fuck all about basketball but this guy got some flair
No behind-the-back elbow pass?! Blasphemy. 
When he was in the league, that's all we wanted to do was the behind the back elbow pass. Dang, he was a great ball handler. Glad he got a ring before he retired. 
Can we get Jason Williams in the Champions League? Isn't he in is late 30s?
He desserves that nickname.
dude's still balling in mens league. Still got skills
Awesome
Now set the playback speed to **0.5** and watch it again. I predict a drop of multiple jaws.
He is using misdirection 😀
Fucking filthy.
Hard to watch... again.
Anyone know where the music is from??
I'm ashamed I never heard his name before. Glad I do now. 
This is great OP.. Made my day!! My all-time fav player.
Gotta watch some of these at half-speed
 Really need a lot more slo-mo to appreciate him.
Holy shit

I confess I'd never heard of this guy until now. It seems I missed out.
This was all in the matter of 3 years folks.....
[deleted]
Not all passes are created equal.  
I love him to death, but we don't win that championship in 2002 without Bibby. 
In middle school some kid told me that Jason Williams is basically a white Michael Jordan. I just glared at him and walked away for making such a dumb statement. 
Rare pepes
It was so much fun.
Oh man. White Choco-la-té was my favorite player after AI growing up. What's crazy is that these weren't really highlights...dude just played like that. So great.
He sure had game. 
He reminds me of a soccer player with the level of creativity in his passing. You don't see it much in the NBA.
Quite a few travels in there
Dank mixtap bro
Steven Adams is the youngest of 18 kids. I'm not sure how much attention his parents could give him.
[Just because](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZIesCd4I4hU) 
Its Raw!
Love me some Gordon. Have to admit that I binge watched most of his televised/recorded stuff. 

Solid choice Steve!
You spelled his name wrong you FUCKING DONKEY!
I love his physical transformation since he was drafted. He looked like a clean cut choir boy coming out of Pittsburgh. Dude looks badass as fuck now 
And he could legitimately choose his sister as his hero, she's a more accomplished athlete than Steven.
I think last year there was a question in the media guide of 'Who taught you the game of basketball.'  Similar answers; dad, coach, brother, etc.  Then Dion Waiters answered something along the lines of 'Nobody, I taught myself.'

A real Dion moment.
Steven, you a busta.
I have a theory that Steve Adams is just Jonah from Summer Heights High grown up. 
&gt; Continuing to grow as an offensive player to be a consistent finisher around the rim and to improve at the free throw line will be a goal throughout the season.

Someone in the Thunder PR department needs to either work on consistent verb tense usage or find out what a comma is
&gt; Sting would be another person who's a hero. The music he's created over the years, I don't really listen to it, but the fact that he's making it, I respect that.
I talked to him quite a few times at Pitt. He's a really nice guy, but let's just say he's incredibly lucky he's able to play basketball for a living.
On my u13 soccer team we had a booklet where we did player bio, much like this. Every single kid put his dad as hero except me who said Michael Jordan. Maybe we can start a club Stephen.

(For clarity, I have a great relationship with my parents, then and now, michael Jordan was just the coolest back then)
Best part is: He's not kidding at all, the dude is genuinely goofy, hilarious, and completely down to earth.

Source: Went to Pitt with him
Oh man I love Stevie. Went to Pitt same year he was there, one time me and my boy were picking up some highly questionable chinese food at a local joint next to campus right after a bbl game and Steve walked in. We congratulated him, he said thanks, and i swear the dude ordered every single item on the menu.
When he got elbowed in the face MMA style his rookie year by Carter, the talk in OKC was who should be more insulted?  Adams for being elbowed or Carter for Adams not noticing he was elbowed.  
Title made me think it was a tribute to Jonah Lomu. :(
You fucking doughnut! 
I want....no need a cooking show where they both run a restaurant together
Isn't he the comedian on that team?
I love New Zealanders.  Every single one I've met has been hilarious and super chill.  Obviously there are NZ dicks out there but I haven't met them.
What even is the enigma that is Steven Adams?
My god I love Adams so much.
Steven Adams just became my hero. 
Wow, I'm 1 month older than him and wtf am I doing with my life.
"Yeah, he's funny how he goes about stuff."
Steve 'The Great Khali' Adams
Im a year older than him and I can't grow a beard like him.
That pic looks like a WWE publicity still. Adams should do a run-in at Survivor Series this wknd
Wow. He looks a lot older than 22.
Chef Ramsey?  Wtf?  Hahahaha
Did Dion choose himself?
TIL I'm older than Steven Adams. Always thought he was at least 24/25 or something.
&gt;Length and strength impact at both ends


Heh


&gt;continuing to grow


Heh


&gt;consistent finisher **around the rim**


Heh

Steven Adams is my favorite non-Hawk.  He's hilarious with the ways he gets under players' skin.  [Nick Young's flagrant](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7hqyOYuVEqE) is my favorite Steven Adams moment.  He just sort of rests all his dead weight on Swaggy P on the screen.
He is lying. By default, everyone from New Zealand's ultimate hero is Frodo Baggins. 
Steven Adams is the best human being who has ever lived. I've lived my life up until this point thinking that I was not a religious fellow, but I believe I would sign up for a religion if he were the deity. 
Out of all the people in the world... Mahatma Gandhi, Martin Luther King Jr., Mother Theresa... He picks Gordon Ramsey. Hilarious.
The obvious choice here
Adams keeping it real. 
Him being born in '93 is so offensive for some reason
He looks like the dude who played Zod. 
I thought for sure he was going to say [Jake the Muss](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0110729/)
Props to him for not going for a typical media friendly answer
Just keeping it real!
I assumed by the picture he'd say "Me  because I've  got phenomenal hair, a cock like a Burmese python, and the mind of a fuckin scientist."
See this as I'm watching kitchen nightmare
holy crap he has really let his hair and facial hair go! i remember his first year in the league as a clean cut dude. 
Lmfao. I saw this when I went to the game last friday.
That old guy is 22?
Steven Adams is looking like Khal Drogo nowadays
Adams looks like Kahl Drogo there
gordon Ramsey is alpha as fuck

good choice
well known mean person says he has always admired famous mean person
Slightly off topic but how in the shit is Adams only a year younger than me!? 22!? I don't even look young for my age but this dude looks like a full grown thirty year old man. Just sick. 
this brought me to tears of laughter. thank you.
Gordon Ramsey is the man. 
ledge
I wonder who KD chose...?
Theres no way he's only 255.
Law of averages i guess?  If you have 18 or so kids, the odds are gonna get better that one of them will make a lot of money right?
Good to see the gordan ramsey circlejerk has reach r/nba
Naming parents as your heroes is such an american thing. If I was asked that question I would never say my parents because it's such an obvious and boring answer to give and no one wants to hear me say it.
That's because Gordon Ramsay fucking rules
Neckbeard game strong. 
*Ramsay
As long as Dion Waiters isn't his hero it's cool with me
First time I saw this I thought it was a joke, then I realized.. It's actually a really good joke.
It's all fun and games until Cuban starts firing mild shots at you on CyberDust.
http://i.imgur.com/UYQzQxX.gif
Since Portland vs San Antonio is the second game of the doubleheader they should've did something similar for LaMarcus Aldridge and the Trailblazers with "Baby Come Back" playing in the background.
ESPN doing one thing right at least.
That's hilarious
Still doesn't top ESPN's [bowling commercial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qWWFocMFleA)
I lost it when DJ was wrestling with Dirk with Ballmer/Cuban on the sides. Holy shit. 
no chill whatsover, LA at the end too
Promos are on point this week.
I laughed. 
Amazing
Should have ended on a more emphatic pissed-off Cuban clip. [Any](http://gifrific.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/Mark-Cuban-disbelief.gif) [of](http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-y7kTuhbtFXY/UwQyeUIvlRI/AAAAAAAACx8/BhQDfNmf8s0/s1600/1.gif) [these](http://i.giphy.com/YUCQOems8mbgA.gif).
Yeah but when do the Grizzlies play the Knicks tho?
Give that intern a raise.
[Just when people tried to prevent Phil Collins from coming out of retirement...](https://www.change.org/p/united-nations-phil-collins-must-be-stopped)
I love the obvious NBA drama narratives, it's pretty much the WWE in that respect, there's 0% it was an accident that these two games are both on the same night. If John Cena doesn't show up and hit DJ with a folding chair the night will be a rousing disappointment.
Are you fucking kidding me? This game is this Wednesday?? Fuck my life, I have a major exam on Thursday,noooooooooooooo
Lmao perfect song choice. 
They played already this season right?
I might die Wednesday wearing a Clippers shirt to this game. 
They should have added a mini emoji battle too. I still can't get over Pierce uploading a pic instead of an emoji. 
Espn should promote whoever made this
I saw this yesterday and thought it was absolutely amazing. Who ever was behind that needs a beer. Fucking hilarious. 
steve ballmers reaction had me dead. do you think you can upload the promos each week?
I love everything about this commercial. I cant remember a better one for a regular season game
Lol only that could overshadow the Lamarcus vs Blazers game
Fucking golden
Jesus Christ :D
that's hilarious. Chandler Parsons appearance as well. Omg.
This is glorious. Props to ESPN for doing this.
Wow big props to ESPN this seems like something a fan would do but I love that they're building this up.  
🐴💰🔫
ESPN has been extremely on point with these types of things.. over at the NFL side too..

Im digging the music alot too.

Props ESPN! And props to the guy who made this!
perfect. just perfect.
[oh DeAndre, stop playing with their hearts](http://i.imgur.com/xN6dxut.png)
Can't believe it took this long to get posted. Fucking hilarious.
Can someone explain this to me? I don't follow basketball but I love Phil Collins. 
That was actually really good
I also loved the Clippers quest commercial haha 
Lmao is this real? 
Thought this was fake, til I saw it on tv...hahah
Someone needs to be promoted 
First heard/saw this on WatchESPN during PTI this afternoon, took me a sec to realize the joke. Very impressive, didn't think ESPN had the stones for this kind of joke anymore.
Looks like ESPN can do somethings right.
ESPN has no chill at all...but I love it.
I love how they had Josh Smith on the JumboTron in the last couple of seconds with DeAndre Jordan.

Is that Jon H. Benjamin doing the voiceover at the end?
ESPN has really been on their promo game for their national games this year. I've been loving every MNF game one too, except I thought this week's wasn't that great (but it was the Bears/Chargers...so not much to work with).
This reminds me of when ESPN was great. 
Can't help it. It's a cosmic meet-up.
"do you like Phil Collins?"
Is this new? I've been seeing it on the roku app all weekend for espn
The only downside: I saw this once mid-afternoon and a few times during Monday Night Football, and now Against All Odds is stuck in my head. Seriously. I've played it on youtube like eight times. Even mixed in the Mariah Carey version. I still have friggin' Phil Collins and the title theme of a mid-80s movie I didn't even know existed until just now rattling around in my head. 
Was expecting the kiss cam from Ballmer.
[This](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qlm6r3p9VxI) will always be my favorite ESPN commercial. This is closely followed by the "Roll Tide" commercial even though I'm a Buckeyes fan...Roll Tide y'all...
In the history of sports promos this has to be up there
My boss's husband does the promos for the NBA. He's an awesome dude. Just got confirmation that this is his. I'm passing along reddit's seal of approval.
They should have featured the Cuban/Ballmer kiss cam video.
I hope we make Deandre shoot 100 free-throws
....is this legal?

Mark probably sent 20 angry emails to ESPN after he saw this. I loved it. Just can't believe that it made it to air. 
I lost it at the paul and dj hug looking at cuban 
OP are u ok
UGH!!!
Savage
Holy fucking shit my sides.

Still better love story than Twilight.
Since I couldn't find an explanation here, I did a little reading and can guess at an answer now.

[DeAndre Jordan](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DeAndre_Jordan) has played for the Clippers since 2008, but before this season started he was going to sign with the Dallas Mavericks. 

&gt;Despite verbally agreeing to sign a four-year, $80 million contract with the Dallas Mavericks on July 3, 2015,[25] Jordan began having second thoughts just days later, and on July 8, a number of Clippers personnel flew to Houston for a meeting with Jordan to convince him to back out of his Mavericks deal.[26] Hours later, Jordan officially re-signed with the Clippers.

I guess there was some drama and now there's bad blood between Jordan and the Mavs. At the start of the season, the two teams met and the Clippers won 104-88. [This article talks a little more about that game and what it meant](http://grantland.com/the-triangle/we-went-there-los-angeles-clippers-deandre-jordan-blake-griffin-chris-paul-dallas-mavericks-mark-cuban-dirk-nowitzki-steve-ballmer/). This clip above shows footage from that game, prominently featuring Jordan, long time Mavericks franchise player Dirk Nowitzki, and Mavericks owner Mark Cuban.
Lmao I just realized...deandre throws a sneaky elbow at Harris as he's celebrating under the basket. Then dirk throws a half assed upper cut at deandre. It just doesn't get any better.
oh shiiit spurs vs blazers!
I use watch espn so I only get ESPN commercials... this is funny but after seeing it for the 300th time it is getting old lol
this was the best game promo i've ever seen, and it wasn't even game related, lol.
When I saw this I said "Oh No you didn't!"
http://www.snappypixels.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/oh-no-you-didnt-2-300x300.jpeg
Such a great song.
who ever made this needs a fucking raise. 
meh
ESPN always has good promos. MNF, college football, and the NBA all get good promos. Wish that standard could be applied to their content though...
Oh, another Clippers Mavs game? Im sure that it will be another awesome, civil game thread with great basketball discussion and not hundreds of people complaining about how the Clippers complain too much. Definitely won't become a toxic waste land that makes me question my love for this sub.
[deleted]
Lol fuck the Mavs 
savagery
savage
TIL DeAndre Jordan is the star of LAC
Thanks, NBA, for the SECOND back to back with the clippers on the back end already this season. This goes great with the early season match-up in which you knew we'd be injured. I notice the Clips are off tonight. 
Let it die please
I was really hoping for a random emoji at the end.
RIP OP
Kind of insulting to show no acknowledgement of Aldridge's return to a team he was on for nearly a decade. Great commercial though. 
This is great, seriously. I usually like shitting on espn, but this was fantastic.

However, They still suck ass and are the fox news of sports to me.
I saw the promo today, with no music. So who knows if it's really real?
That's the dunk of the year so far
[Full Clip /w Replay](https://streamable.com/42sr)
Man it sucks when it's on your player, but damn that was sick.
Hello!!!
Haven't the French suffered enough!?!

Edit: Holy shit, my first reddit gold! Thank you stranger! 
Cocked that joint back and banged on em!!!
NUMBER ONE ON OUR NBA..............TPTN
Dunk of the year so far
Oh man. I wasn't expecting much, but that was INSANE.
He actually paused at the top of his jump, waited and then slammed it. This is the kind of dunk that claims your manhood.
HELLOOOOO!
This needs a NSFW tag, that was fucking VIOLENT 
Nasty!
maybe a little biased but that's my favorite dunk of the year so far. holy fuck.
Gobert just responded to this on twitter.

&gt; Rudy Gobert
&gt; 
&gt; ‏@rudygobert27
&gt; 
&gt; Great win tonight. Way to grind and get stops down the stretch. Except one... #thatboyusedthatcallofdutydoublejump

https://twitter.com/rudygobert27/status/667223491964350465
#COCKED THE JOINT BACK
Holy fucking shit that was nasty
DeMar "DeStruction" DeRozan
###WE JUST SAW A MAN FLY
**NO REEGARD FOR GOBERTS LIFE**
That ball had a family
Demar canceled The Gobert Report
#NBABALLOT
That was insane. DeMar has been awesome this year
That's a mean man.
#DEMAR DEROZAN DESTROYIN DARIM
Rudy can thank Hayward for that one
Fan said he got murdered by DeRozan, this is Rudy's response
https://twitter.com/rudygobert27/status/667230808445337600

amazing
gotta capitalize his whole name now

gotdamn
http://i.imgur.com/5SWyYHT.gifv
[deleted]
Went crazy when I saw it. To be honest I was kind of disappointed by Matt and Jacks call on that one, it deserved way more. Absolutely disgusting facial. Absolute bukkakke
"'Vicious Poster?' Yeah right!"

*clicks link*

"[OH SHIT](https://media.giphy.com/media/Ax1JUM9QI942Y/giphy.gif)"
That was sick, wicked and nasty! 
HOLY SHIT IM DONE, SAVAGEEEE. DEROZAN, OH MY GOD.

THAT WAS NASTY, HE COCKED THAT JOINT BACK AND BANGED ON 'EM.
Bah gawd King, that's demars music !!
I know we're sick of this anti ESPN circlejerk but this has to be said. I have sportcenter on in the background and it took SC like 10 minutes for me to see this highlight, and /r/nba 5 seconds...

*COMING UP ON SPORTCENTER WE HAVE A DEMAR DEROZEN POSTER

BUT FIRST WE HAVE OUR TWEEETS OF THE NIGHT

NEXT WE HAVE DRAYMOND GREEN LIVE ON SC READING THOSE SAME TWEETS

10 minutes later it finally comes on...RIP SportsCenter
DeRozan loves posterizing 7 footers
Dunk of the year
Stawp. He's dead already.
RIP
Check out Lowry's walk right after
We just saw a man fly
The rare poster dunk that will actually become a widely hung poster
dunk was so good the guy in black on utah bench almost stood up
i love how he never gives a shit
Holy fuck...
FILTHY.
[Replays included](https://streamable.com/ktjd)
gobert be like http://i.imgur.com/V5QWbL3.gif 
[mrw](http://replygif.net/i/542.gif)
He just climbed the Stifle Tower.
damn gordon hayward pretty much left gobert out to dry with that defense
I don't get how these guys jump like that. Where it looks like they climb up a little higher after it looks like they hit the apex already. WTF. 
Compton &gt; France
Can somebody dub Jim Ross over this?!
Definitely gonna buy this poster.... not even a Raptors fan
BREAKING NEWS: The Salt Lake City Police Department have just issued an arrest warrant for a DeMar DeRozan on charges of Aggravated Assault with a Deadly Sphere and Attempted Murder. They are advising the public not to attempt to approach the suspect, and instead contact police. He is considered strong armed and extremely baller. They are also cautioning that he may very well cock that joint back and bang on em' if approached.  
that's a man's jam -ian eagle
that was some 2k shit dammm
&gt; HELLO!
OH ME OH MY!
THROW THAT SHIT DOWN 
Holy shit you're fast...
Christ.
wtf...this literally just happened!
lord have merci 
Dunk of the year so far! Absolutely disgusting jam!
somebody needs to make a top 10 dunks on gobert compilation
goodness fucking sake, Derozan, have mercy
That's vince-esque. Which BTW he also dunked on a frenchman
OH SH*T, GOBERT GOT WRECKED!!
(Insert Deandre Jordan stank face gif here)
I feel like whenever DeMar puts someone on a poster like that it makes up for his questionable long 2s.
rip gobert
Sweet Baby Jesus...
yikes
Jesus fucking Christ. 
I wondered why Gobert was trending.
This is exactly why I don't consider those "throw ins" where they can't grab the rim real dunks.... now THAT was a dunk!
#WITH NO REGARD FOR HUMAN LIFE
We still lost, gg 
[Yeeeps](http://gifrific.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/DeAndre-Jordan-Face-After-Brandon-Knight-Dunk.gif)
Holy shit, he just kept elevating man that was nuts.
Holy shit.. the way his body extends and hangs in the air was mesmerizing, then he caps it off with a detonation of a dunk. Insane.
The Utah bench had to either stop themselves from jumping up or put their head down
Dear lord how long was he hanging in the air just waiting to bring the rock down?
Wrap it up boys, we've got the DOTY.
that was a vicious 
i can watch this all day. man, it's like a battle in the air.
It gets nastier every time I watch it. Look at fucking Gobert holy shit he looks like he just got blasted by a mortar. 
See this is exactly why I love gobert, he knows he will probably be posterized but he stops more than his share and he keeps coming back.

so dirty
Demar Derozan wanted for murder.
Strange how rarely you see Jazz flair in these threads...
That's how they do it in Cali 
To be fair, Hayward got beat much more badly than Gobert.  That blow by was so quick Gobert never made it out of the restricted area under the hoop.
There's a reason why DeRozan is the best dunker in 2K. 
Can we get a motherfucking phantom cam on this dunk?
DeMar Derozan was extremely disrespectful for this dunk considering what France is already going through 
Cool highlight but I would have preferred a win.
Some one set this to the JR does he have no heart call
Shout out to the Jazz player that covered his face after hahaha
I love it when a player does this sort of dunk in an opponent's arena.  At home you'll get cheering for every basket which masks audience reaction to a spectacular play, but on the road you can really hear the crowd react to a spectacular play that they normally wouldn't want to react for (the other team scoring).

I remember hearing that same "Ohhhhh...!" and "Ahhhh...!" when Vince used to throw down his amazing dunks in away games.
I always like watching the opposing team's bench after getting dunked on. You can tell their instincts are to go ape shit because it was an awesome play, but hold back at the last second
MEET ME AT THE RIM AND DON'T BE LATE.
Golbert's teammates left him out to dry
Rudy Gobert just got fucking mauled my goodness
DD ending careers. RIP Rudy, you probably might be missed. 
[Replay and alt angles](https://streamable.com/d8k1)
It's been a bad week for France. 
Oh ma gahd
I just witnessed murder at a bar. Dunk squaaaaaaaaad
dusted
oh dear
This dude is always getting dunked on or crossed up. 
Almost crushed one in GSW too.  Legs are live.
THAT WAS SICK, WICKED, AND NASTY!!!
**THAT'S A MURDER!**
O_O

Holy shit. 
The bench reaction is pretty funny to me
And we lost, I hate everything.
How about Trevor Booker hitting the trickshot of the year, again.
Now only if they could *win* a game. I'd be very happy.
Demar! His name isn't Rudy Blowbert!!!
omg
I'm not even mad about the L now lol
dayum
STRAIGHT OUTTA COMPTON LAAAAAAWD
#HE HAS A FAMILY!
damnnn my boy Gobert got destroyed on that.  jazz fan, but that was just so so so so nasty
HOL MAH DICK 
Vince? Is that you, Vince?
Pretty sure I woke up the entire building when this happened. 
Demar DeRotisserie BBQ Chicken!
THAT MAN HAS A FAMILY!
Demar DeRose and Demar DeSlammed all over the Steiffel Tower
Wow I felt that one from the other side of the world. Good God that was nasty.
http://i.imgur.com/PeS0LtA.jpg
Jesus christ rest in pieces Rudy
Jesus, I wasn't expecting all of that. That was fuckin filthy
That hang time is satisfying. 
Vucevic with the quality banter
https://twitter.com/NikolaVucevic/status/667204838204284928
holy shit that was vicious
ONIONS BABY ONIONS 
Holy shit. Gobert got murdered.
Gobert just lost all his assets to DeRozan
Derozan smashed Rudy's booty
Someone make an HD poster now!
Dunk of year so far? Yes I'm bias I know.
Whoa
NASTY 
my face https://i.imgur.com/PtUZkht.jpg
That's a man's jam!
Demar D-Rose-an
OMG soo nasty and disrespectful!
 I would love to actually see the posters on some of these POSTERS
First Degree Demurder
OMFG
Ooooooh mama
bruh
Love seeing the bench reactions of opposing teams.

"OH SH - nope, wait a minute" ...
It's like he paused in mid air, then threw it down 
Well shit. Really enjoying that I've been adding more teams to my watchlist. 
Rudy even had his fingers on the ball! Derozan still threw it down
Get fucking rekt Gobert Ya scrub
Ho Lee Fuk
That's some LiveLeak shit 
When you edit the sliders and put it on rookie
That should be illegal killing a person on the court.

i can watch this all day. man, it's like a battle in the air.
This dunk of the year
this is a masterpiece
Holy shit. Usually when I see "posterizers," the guy getting dunked on takes a bad angle, gets there way late, or a lot of the times isn't even looking or really trying to contest.

This though ... this is the definition of "posterize".
Poster of the year so far
Yep, that's it.....Gobert died trying to contest that, I'm sure of it.
Since the defender contested the shot in the restricted area, should it be an and 1?
Watching this really makes me miss Blake Griffin from a few years ago
Over Gobert?!?!
RIP GOBERT 
I bet he was driving for a foul in the paint, overcommitted and ended up with the highlight reel dunk. I'll take it, though.
Wow!
Holy fucking shit
How do you say DAMNNNN in french
Dat hang time!
RIP
That's that 2K14 dunk cheese.

+5 contact dunk, too. 
My condolences to other guy's family and loved ones.
One guy on Utah's bench looks like he's about to celebrate but realizes at the last minute his teammate is the one who got dunked on.  
came to /r/nba to find this, since nobody knows how to fuck up a highlight-play clip like ESPN... seriously, go watch it, it's terrible.
I hate when this kind of dunks happen for the teams on away games, crowd would have gone wild in Toronto.
Jesus, that was nasty!!
BAH GOD THAT MAN HAS A FAMILY!!!!
RIP Rudy Gobert. That's a career ender. 
Holy shit, dude. He is in the air for an unnatural amount of time. 
ESPN says "DeRozan puts Gobert on a poster" Not sure that's actually his job...
That was mean 
Didn't even use the forearm like you see in a lot of major dunks.  Just all coiled strength.
Lmao check out Varejao cheesing, he knew Lebron got away with a foul call.
Varejao starts laughing. Even he knows how ridiculous of a no-call that was.
Brook could have held up 2 bloody stumps for arms, and he still wouldn't have got the call.
The officiating is beyond suspect in the NBA at times.
Do the officials have some sort of problem with the Nets/Brook? I remember in the Thunder's game against them they weren't calling anything for the Nets. 
I see there are barely any Net fans in this thread. We are all salty as fuck right now. It's fuckin bullshit man.
Oh man the first one I was like, it was clean, you guys are insane, then they move camera angles and Lebron fucking karate chopped Lopez.
Two refs were within clear view and neither one called the foul.
https://streamable.com/wiv8
What a fucking joke
Not gonna lie: I'm all for getting the best pick possible, but that is a bullshit no call. Terrible officiating. 
Please tell me this game was in the NBA explanation review zone. I can't wait to see what they say about this. 
Fuck Basketball I hate this shit
He didn't even seem like he went for the ball at all 
oh wow. i thought he might have got him on the arm a bit when he hit the ball. nope, didnt even come close to touching the ball, all arm lmao 
Holy shit, this might be the worse missed call I've seen in ever. This is so obvious, right in front on not one but two referees and neither one calls it...smh
Did anyone else notice Lebron swing his left arm out towards Lopez after the "steal". That was even worse than the foul IMO.
I believe there's a new report regarding transparency on the calls the officials make in the final 3mins of the game? Not so sure about the specific details of such since in this play, there was an absence of call but I do hope they raise this. I like my Cavs to win but I want it to be fair. Clearly, Lebron Hacked Lopez, he also fouled him on another play at the post. Two big plays for Brooklyn at the clutch where the refs missed the right call. I'm not saying they deliberately missed it, just saying the refs should be extra careful during clutch moments when each play has a significant say on who wins.
Refs have way too much control over close games.  The game shouldn't be designed in a way in which this is so routine.
Officiating his been a massive problem this year. The fix is on boys.
I like the follow up swing by lebron. Subtle.
Both ref's should be investigated for gambling and/or bribery immediately.
This and the arm hook kills the Nets
Bullshit call. Or lack thereof.
JUST LIKE WHEN HE FOULED KD AT THE END OF GAME 2 2012 FINALS.

YES WE REMEMBER. 
That is why the NBA will never be the most popular sport in America.  NFL refs may blow a call b/c of vague rules.  But time abd time again NBA refs are inconsistent in a single game and blatantly ignore rules for certain players.  
LeBron has been getting off the hook with no calls like this his whole career
Man, if you did this shit in pickup you'd be getting your ass beat. 
then he campaigns for a bs offensive foul and gets it 
First angle: Man people overreact about everything. Second angle: ....maybe they're right
Everyone is shitting on LeBron but the fact of the matter is that the refs have been noticeably worse this year.  Won't be surprised if we see some bullshit like [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dzym9PywqUo) sometime soon.
This is getting fucking stupid.

"Yeah but they have to call it in real time!"

How is that not a real time call, from a referee at the highest level of play? I understand when the ball goes out of bounds and there's 75 hands all in the mix and they blow the call, but this is unacceptable.
is it legal to put chalk on your arms? lets help the refs out lol
It's like that guy who just starts fouling the shit out of you in a tight game and you stop calling them because you're tired of arguing. What a terrible no call. 
you can see anderson varejao laughing his ass off when he sees the obvious foul lol
Lebron has been getting this treatment since he got into the league 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=36nT2osudy0
Everyone knows the arms, legs and torso are part of the ball.
What the hell is this? I'm no Lebron hater, but the shit he's been getting away with recently is grade AA Bullshit.
Money making teams always get the calls.  This isn't new. 

It's easily one of the worst things about the NBA.
damn. that was bad... wtf is the nba doing?
&gt;According to the report, there should have been a “double foul,” with the Nets retaining possession, given how the referees are trained to make that call:

&gt;LHH and LATR show James (CLE) applies a forearm with a bent elbow to Lopez (BKN) in the lower defensive box, which is legal. James then hooks Lopez’s arm from underneath and Lopez reacts by clamping James’ arm with his left off arm / hand and a double foul should be called. However, the slot sees only Lopez’s action and calls an offensive foul The lead referee has a dual whistle at this point, seeing the two players arms wrapped up. On plays in the paint, all three referees have responsibility to help with contact, and when two or three referees make a call, they are trained to make eye contact and the official who takes control of the play tweets multiple whistles to indicate he has the play. In this case, the referee who thought he had the best look was incorrect based on the angles available. We should have a double foul with BKN retaining possession.

-[official NBA report](http://official.nba.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/4/2015/11/L2M-BKN-CLE-11-28-15.pdf)

It's official. Referees know their mistake, but still doesn't make a god damn difference that the Cavs won based on a bitch ass LBJ tantrum and a hack.
That's terrible. LeBron definitely has the refs on his side. 
Nets definitely got robbed. That's fucked up.
The lebron effect
This is getting ridiculous. 

They need to start fining refs for shit like this and name them.  That's a shame. 
And then refs try to hide behind the league when they're confronted by the coaches
Just make every play reviewable, if only in the final minutes. Fouls like these won't even take a few seconds to review.
NBA is rigged too much money involved, anyone who thinks otherwise is deluded
Not to mention he travels after picking up the ball.
The refs straight up look at LBJ's face and reactions to make decisions on the calls. There were so many call changes and late whistles this game. Fucking ridiculous. 

Terrible officiating these days in general. 
Dwade shooting more free throws than the entire Mavericks team
As a Cavs fan, I can admit that the Nets got robbed this game. Lebron is allowed to get away with a lot more calls than other players.

Lebron also charges to the rim a lot, hitting defenders, and that would be called an offensive foul for most other players.

If everything were called more fairly, basketball would be much more fun to watch.
Brooke should have pulled a Wade and stared the ref down. Then again, he'd probably be ejected for that.
They always let LeBron get away with shit like this.... 
LOL lebron got away with murder
Not the first time but thats why he's the king, right?
It is shit like this that makes me wonder how this dude doesn't have more rings. 
Superstar calls or lack thereof. It's nothing new and LeBron gets away with a lot.
Jeff Van Gundy even said it aggravates him that the Refs shouldn't care what name is on the back of the jersey, but they do...
"Super Star calls" is one of the dumbest things in American sports. It's a big reason non NBA fans say that can't stand watching NBA games and I agree with them.
Bullshit call. You should be able to challenge calls. Give coaches a couple of challenges a game.  I'm sick of calls not being called correctly. Sure, people make mistakes and they can't see everything, but holy crap. Let's at least give everyone the tools to make the important calls correctly. 
What do you expect.... and the push off afterwards. reminds me of the hook around the neck he got after pushing Andre Kirenlenko out the way.. He gets away with everything.More reason to dislike him....
They had to ignore it.  Lopez got greedy and wanted to win, even going against the script.  I mean uhh...I've said too much.
I'm kind of surprised that Lopez's forearm didn't break in half.
I was at the game and the refs were really bad all game. They definitely blew this call, as well as at least 5 others.
That has to be the most frustrating thing for Lopez. 
It's not that the refs are so dumb they don't notice it, they notice it yet decide when and not to blow the whistle.
That was ridiculous. And I am not usually anti-ref. 
You can tell it's a foul when he comes down hard and the ball doesn't pop out until a second later. 
LeBron didn't travel. He did a crab dribble! 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DpQBD672HkQ
When you are lebron the players body is part of the ball. It was clearly all ball.
That is fucking atrocious.
This is why I have a hard time watching the NBA anymore.  
Damn, there were 2 refs looking at the play and they were not obscured in view.
/u/nba fix this shit
Nah, LeBron doesn't commit fouls.
If he was legitimately aiming for the ball it's no longer a surprise why his FT accuracy is so bad.  
It's called a "crab steal".
It's NBA officiating, I don't know why anyone expects differently.
As a cave fan that was a terrible call.
Not surprise by the show of favoritism for Lebron.
This is bs
Doesn't seem like Lebron was going for the ball at all. He's like "you know what works 100% of the time?"
Is there something the fans can do about the refs? This shit gots to go. They need to hire more competent people
Such a joke. Lebron gets away with so much. I think he has an astonishingly low foul count in his career for someone who consisently plays 40 minutes a game
this is whats wrong with sports today, really for the past 20 or so years. Certain players get special treatment.  Once it turned into a huge business they figured they needed superstars and to keep superstars in that category you help them. 
And than people wonder how come he plays 35 plus mpg and never fouls out
If you don't like this, you don't like NBA basketball!!! :(
Reminds me of that TO controversy in game 4 of the Bulls/Cavs series last year where video cleary showed the ref looking at Blatt as he called for a TO when they had none and instead of giving Cleveland a tech he lookde right at Blatt and told him to stop, while giving the Cavs over a minute to huddle when they had no timeouts, followed by Lebron going full Ray Lewis trying to force a fumble on Mike Dunleavy for a no-call/wide open jumper.
Lebron getting calls is not news
To top it off, he takes a swing at Lopez after, gotta love the guy. Thank god for the warriors last year. 
The other night vs Charlotte Austin Carr was complaining about the officiating "We just have to work harder than other teams out there"

C'mon man
That was a brutal no call. Both refs had a perfect view of the hack. So sick of how certain players are reffed compared to others...
...That's pathetic, wow.
The refs are corrupt.
yea the whole conspiracy where the refs are told to allow LBJ play to make sure he doesn't foul out at times does sound like it could be a real thing. 
I am so fucking sick of LeBron being able to basically get away with anything in this league.. I mean, he's already one of the best players, why give him even more of an advantage? It's terrible officiating and I'm completely against it. It ruins the game.
i swear sometimes it feel like the nba just wants lebron to win.
This is lebron james. is completely delusional from the fact he gets to play with a complete set of different rules. nobody gets the calls he does...his entire career. Far from the greatest. 
When i played basketball in school, our caoch taught us in similar situations to try to hit ball with power. Even if you miss, the ball will slip out of hands and it will appear that you got the ball cleanly. Stole ball many times like that while in fact committing a foul.
but he is the best in the 4th quarter guys gotta give him that call....
Literal rigging.
This just in: a superstar gets a bullshit gift of a call late in a game.
Disgusting. No excuses, they're sucking on that Bron dick. 
This is painful to watch. I feel sorry for Mr.Lopez. Hopefully he doesn't get blamed for losing a ball.
You gotta be kidding me, they're gettin' paid for that?!
Meanwhile, at my rec league, you'll get a foul for breathing near people.  If you try to score, its probably a tech.
The amount of times I've seen clean steals called as fouls makes this seem a lot worse.
Wow he got zero ball
Masked Villain Lebron without the Mask
Lol.
Yeah but whenever something like this happens it takes a swing at Lopez after, gotta love the guy.
Jesus that's awful.
Pretty much how Jordan got the ball for that last play in Chi-town.  The he went up court to push off on Russell to get space to shoot.  No surprise here. 
Refs fucked up
Wow.
Officiating is so poor that it honestly makes it tough to watch games for me at this point. 
How is this even possible? At first I thought maybe refs were unsighted/view blocked/whatever, there's two refs looking right at it!
There is no such thing as "good officiating" in the NBA. It's always been clear as day that fixing games in the NBA is a regular occurrence. It's been exposed in open court. 

If you're watching basketball for a "fair game," you're going to have a bad time.
Dude what the fuck...
This may be a controversial opinion, but I'm going to go ahead and say that maybe that should have been called a foul.
Can we call it yet? NBA refereeing: Worst officiating of any sport? I mean, no one gives a shit about Olympic boxing anymore, so surely...?
NBA has some of the worst refs in all of Sports.
I would have that official fired if it was possible
nba refs are bad /crooked or whatever , but nfl refs are almost as bad w/ the whole "was the catch a catch" thing. 

I think sports are getting too complicated. At the end of the day the sports main reason for existing is for entertainment. Rules are set in place to increase difficulty which makes these superhuman like pro athletes really use their gifts and abilities to do things normal joes like me and other fans could only wish we could do. Refs are supposed to make sure those rules are followed.

But the rules and refs are starting to break the game and remove the entertainment aspect of the sports. And that sucks. Goodell and Silver need to make sure refs and rules (lack of , overly complicated, etc) are not spoiling the sports of their entertainment value.
Tied game. The refs hit a clutch hook shot to win the game.
Scott Foster's crew, no surprise - he's the worst, and likely most corrupt, ref in the Association.  
and he threw a hay maker 
Refs need bigger salaries so they will stop betting on games
Hand is part of the ball, and since the hand is a part of the arm, the arm is also part of the ball. No foul. 
I thought it was common knowledge that the NBA is rigged. 
NBA refs are a fucking biased joke. If you can't tell that by now, you're literally blind or an idiot. At this point I think the blind could figure it out. Also most idiots.
https://media3.giphy.com/media/taffvPT8sDX1e/giphy.gif
These last few years, especially season after his last ring, I've begun to lose respect for LBJ.

The 'I'm the best in the world' attitude is too cocky.

I adore humble champs like Steph.
lebron always gets away with shit its fucking bullshit
The Heat use to make a living off of these type of "missed" calls. All of their no call steals usually led to fast break dunks by Lebron and Wade.
I used to be a Lebron neutral but watching recent clips of him getting away with fouls and arguing etc, I shall promote him to "dislike" status. He shall join an esteemed group including Harden, Byron Scott and others.
fuck lebron, fuck the refs. 
It's incredible how much the Cavs disappoint year to year when the refs are this eager to suck their cock. 
I want to like LeBron, but fuck this shit, and fuck him. 
[deleted]
It's good to be The King.

Kinda sucks for everyone else. I remember MJ getting away with *murder* back in the day. So it goes.
Every game is a home game for the Cavs...
Lebron is almost a walking definition of hubris. Where are the NBA gods to smite him? 
The perks of being Lebron James. 

On a side note: how do I get my team logo next to my name?
Two really bad calls for Lopez and the Nets down the stretch :/ could have been the difference in such a close game. Cavs got lucky with those no-calls
That's possibly the worst no call I've seen in my life.
Wow... Star calls really need to be eliminated. And at the very least they need a coaches challenge for bad calls.
This is like the third time I've seen this not called this season. I'm starting to wonder if I missed a rule change or something.
Look at all the Raps games.


Tinfoil Hat: Refs are betting on games
Cavs were handed a win by the refs. 
This is the NBA. Stars don't commit fouls. You think they'd have called that on Jordan? Nah. 
Wow, that is fucking terrible.  No excuse for missing that call.  That guy must have gone to the Tim Donaghy school for refereeing.
Classic Lebron.
[deleted]
I mean I'm a Cavs fan but damn. He clearly tries to sever Brook Lopez' wrists off his arms with the side of his hand. 

That's kind of bullshit to be honest. I'm glad we won and all but fuck.
This kills the fan.
Makes it all the more hilarious when LeBron bitches about no-calls.
LeBron hacks Lopez and doesn't get caught.... LeBron = Anonymous
These two officials should be suspend a game. Holy egregious batman. 
2k calls better fouls than these refs
First of all I would like to say that, I do not have tin foil on my head, that I hate the word conspiracy and regardless of what my opinion is on nba refs, they cannot help Curry hit 30 foot bombs and the NBA is still the only league with players of that talent.

BUT, there are soo many cases in the nba, that if you do a little digging just seems shady.

1: After the tim donaghy scandal, in which the nba did a internal investigation which was never published, the FBI did their own, and found that tim donaghy's statement and cooperation was 100% true and that all of his claim had enough meat to them that it lead to FBI doing it's own investigation, even though the NBA did everything to smear Donaghy's reputation and his statements, which the NBA also refused to address. For those who have not read donaghy's side of the story google it. Its easy to find. I have watched the NBA for 20 years, and i think we can all agree that the "Superstar Call" is a real thing and books dating back to Sam Smith's The Jordan Rule up to Donaghy's books all shead light on the subject. It simply boils down to the fact that, you don't put the Starplayer in early foul trouble so he has to leave the game. The NBA is a stardriven league with a very small rooster, and low salarycap compared to other sports, and it's the stars that put people in the arenaseats and make people buy leaguepass or cable subscribtions. Lebron has been a multiple 1 first team defensive player, yet has an astonishing average under 2 fouls a game in that same span. Compare that to a great defender like Tony Allen or Serge Ibaka, who may not be a superstar, but just as great a defender as James, and the numbers start to look strange. Same goes for Kobe when he was in his prime and the NBA's premier cashcow.

2: I know the whole "the nba is rigged" is a tired discussion, but the FBI investigation into the Donaghy's statements regarding fixed games (especially the lakers kings series and the lakers blazers conference final series) did actually find something rather interesting and it was even reported on 60 minutes. In the US, sports and gaming are considered entertainment, and the rules of law and ethics that the WWE is regulated under is the same for the NFL, NBA, MLB, NHL and so on. What that means is that, it is actually by law NOT illegal for the NBA to fix games. As long as WE the consumer keep buying the product, they have no reason to change this. I remember a district attorney even commenting on that very fact. What is illegal for the NBA to orchestrate , is the gambling part of game fixing. Even Ralph Nader chimed in and demanded a full public investigation after the FBI finished.

3: I don't know how the game would look, if they called everything by the book. I think the game would get a lot more choppy and more like a college game. Just the amount of travel calls would be insane. If you watch some of the games from the late 80 early 90's, the travel and carry call was a real thing, and even superstars would get called on it. I've seen guys like magic get called for travel countless of times even in the finals. Guys like Jordan and AI changed that. I love Jordan, but the dude had a great advantage in often moving his pivot foot as his first step before his first dripple, and with him being so quick, you were done. AI's handle was crazy, but he carried the ball on 90% of his crossovers. In the NBA before AI's rise to stardom, as soon as your hand went under the ball's equator it was considered a carry. Just watch how Magic's straight up and down driple and compare that to AI or Russel Westbrook.

Players have tendences in their game, that being flaws in their fundamentals or trying to gain an advantage knowing they will not get called on it, that according to the rule book is considered a vialotion, but are often overlooked, if the player is popular or raising the level of entertainment. 0 on 1 fastbreak is a great example. How many have seen of insane travels non calls on fastbreaks just this this season?

The bottom line, is that the NBA is an entertainment product and as long we buy the product or the sponsor's product, the refereeing will continue in the same manner.

Damn that went long..

Sorry for typos or bad grammar. English is not my first language.

I really enjoy that this sub is starting to see how much bullshit is overlooked with lebron
Is there a subredit dedicated to videos of instances where lebron gets away with stuff like this?
Getting away with no-calls like this is exactly why I can't stand players like James.  What the fuck has taken place when refs blatantly let shit like this go?  Does the league take the refs aside and tell them they want the high profile players to perform, so let them get by with more shit?
Lebron always gets those superstar calls!!


https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=f5ISBDWvAIY
LEBITCH
I can't wait until he is 2-5 in the Finals. 
Nets getting the Raptor treatment

It sucks, doesn't it
gotta go soft on the cavs to they can make it to the nba finals to lose to the warriors again.
It seems that this year, more than ever the refs are losing a lot of games for teams by making terrible calls
That was obviously clean guys
As a Celtics fan I feel bad, but I love it at the same time.
The one chance the nets had man!! It's gonna be a rough decade bruh...
I wonder how petition signatures it would take for the FBI to look into NBA officiating? They have short memories after Tom Donaghy. 
Wasn't MJ's famous last minute shot preceded by blatantly shoving off the defender? I remember someone saying he could have gotten away with on the court murder and not gotten called for a foul.
How does Lebron miss the ball that badly ?
NBA officiating needs to be investigated. Super star calls, no calls and shit is ruining the games. Straight up, it's fucking disgusting. 
I've never seen the reverse angle of Jordan/Malone strip from the 98 finals winning sequence.

I wonder how much ball Mike got on that swipe.

First view: You can't see shit why would this be a top post.

Second View: How does lopez still have arms?
Star (no)calls.
Refs have been horrible all year. It's not just the superstars that can get away with shit. 
Lebrun has been gettin these types of calls for years now.  
Reminds me of when the Jazz played the Cavs this season. Very questionable officiating. At least two times in that game the ball went out of bounds with no Jazz player near the ball and it was given back to the Cavs. Coach Snyder asked for a review both times (went up to the official and appeared to ask and did the "review hand signal" and was not granted one.
Apparently this has become the "bitch about NBA refs" thread.  Rightfully so.  I'll add my bit.

Yes, the refs control the game result (win/loss).

The refs also control the point spread.  For example, team X is favored by Vegas to beat team Y by 10 points.  Near the end of the game, team X is winning by 14 points.  All the calls in the last minute or two go against team X, including some real head-scratchers, and the game ends with X winning by just 8 (under the spread).  Watch for it and you'll see it quite often.

The refs are on the take.
That's a violation!
Gyawd that was hideous. 
Of course...
Less obvious, but what about the push by LeBron after the "steal" and then the (travel...?) Did they call a foul on Lopez and that's why LeBron walked after the steal?
Some of the best defense Rudy played tonight!

Rondo had a good reaction too
Lol Iggy is always good for a few gifable moments and faces every game
[Gay: Damn. Rondo: Daaaamn.](https://i.imgur.com/bCGE0H9.png)
"Noooo!  Not this guy!  NOT THIS GUY!!!

...fucking Andre Iguodala, man..."


-Rudy Gay
[Rondo be like](http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/538/716/7f5.gif)
Glad this was uploaded, him smiling and running down was hilarious.
Iguodala is low key one of the best NBA trolls. 
I love that Iggy did the head turn and paused for a second. Dude cracks me up.
If this doesn't sum up the Warriors season so far, I really don't know what does.
Cheeeesin
This is why all the other reindeers pick on Rudy.
I miss iggy, in Philadelphia he at least won us some games, he is probably my favorite basketball player, because he works his ass off for that team in many ways people dont understand, I always said this he was great in Philly because we had no one else he is an amazing bench/utility player and got that ring and mvp in the finals cause his. defense is beastly 
i love that WCS always goes for the full babushka look on the bench
How is Andre Igoudala so fire from 3 and so bad at FTs?
Andre just has so much swag it's ridiculous. 
fuckin' Rudy Gay man!
This is easily my favorite highlight of the year so far.  Rudy Gay looking so sour and Iguodala so cunty.  
New favorite gif. Rondo makes it perfect.
Rondo makes this one, for me.  Haha.
Iggy's celebrations after big plays are some of the best in the league
Rondo's face reaction is just like the Obama Meme ("Not Bad").
Iggy's form is so good, until you put him in a stationary spot 15 feet straight in front of the rim.  You can't explain that.
Lol Rondo with the "Not Bad" face
Gay's first mistake was yelling at a shooter that late in the game down that much. His second mistake was making eye contact with said shooter after the shot was made.
This teams more fun than a bag of hammers
This has got to be in the running for sports gif of the year. I mean just LOOK at those reactions hahaha incredible
I've never seen a Rondo approval by facial expression before
The Warriors are better than everyone by a mile at the moment and they're having a blast. 
Iguodala looks so youthful as he's running down the court with that big ol' grin on his face.
I don't watch basketball but damn this was satisfying. The shot, the look in that guys eyes when he made it, the guy making eye contact with his arms still in air and a smirk on his face. God damn I'd be smiling too. 
reminds me of curry being curry to nuggets bench.
the world requires a high quality gif of this for its own sake.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DruaNTLguVs
Lol You can see the thought process through Rudy's facials

"Yo I'm gonna yell when he shoots for sure he'll be too distracted to make it"

*Iggy hits it and look back*

"Dam wish I wasn't so close to him, making me look a fool and shit " 
This is truly the best GIF i have ever seen.
That's some 2k shit
I told her to look back at it
Look back at it, look back at it
Then I put a fat rabbit on the Craftmatic
Andre really seems to love it in GSW. It's like he's finally found the perfect team and the right fit. Now he's just enjoying it. 
Iggy is so cool.
The smile over the shoulder...the look on Rondo and Gay's faces... But the runback on D like he's taking a jog in the park with theme music playing in the background - the whole gif is like "Life is fucking good!"
holy shit...Rondo's reaction...fucking MONEY...CLASSIC
Dre's clutch shots must hurt so bad for the other team.
I love that WCS always goes for the full babushka look on the Craftmatic Chat shit, get banged.
Igoudala definitely has one of the best made shot reactions hahah
Best part was Rondo making the 'Oh, okay. Not bad' face. 
Dying at how Rudy looks at iggy after the shot 
Andre with the "Cheeky little bastard" face after he makes it is perfect.
Rondo's thinking about how many assists he would have if he played in GS. 
This is so perfect! Iggy's reaction, Rondo's reaction, the look of shame on Gay's face.
It's almost not fair to see the Warriors team running like clockwork. I can't remember the last time a team seemed so perfect.
Rhondos face is priceless 
oh man there is so much good in this sequence
- the made 3
- the look back
- the "impressed" face of Rondo
- Iggy smiling all the way down the court
Lol cause that's what friends do
God I love Iggy.
*shrug*
Chat shit, get banged. 
This hurts to watch 
Shouting at a shooter..... Gay!
Why would Rudy even shout at Iggy, aren't they friends?
This made Andre one of my favorite players
Rondo was like oh alright.
Chat shit get banged
Anyone got the Vince Carter burp and blow feat. Rudy Gay .gif?  That's a laugh-and-a-half, too.
Not knowing a lot about NBA, I read this as "Rude Gay" and it really changed the tone of the title :P 
Fuckin Rudy Gay man.
Rude Homosexual*
Look at Rondo's face after the shot. He's pretty impressed.
/r/sportsarefun
YUM YUM GIMMIE SUM MORE OF DAT SHIT. MY GOD MY D IS SO HARD.
Rondo's reaction tho
Atta boy Andre, atta boy. I miss you. 
There was a play where Rudy Gay had fallen down on a missed foul or something, and Iggy rushed from the bench onto the court to see if Gay was alright. Easily one of my favorite players. 
Easily my favorite wildcat to have succeeded in the NBA.
I'm so glad this happened to Iguodala. I love the way he reacts.
Amazing defense by Rudy Gay.
Please get rid of the short sleeves, its doesn't look natural. 
Hi, /r/all here.

So are they on the same team?

edit: LOL
Love it. Iggy straight up troll.
But what about Curry????
I dare you to stare at only Rudy's face and not laugh, I dare you
lol Rudy with the same face he had after he slapped Boogie. 
Lmao Rondo
Lolol that was terrific by Iggy. He's really an underrated troll sometimes. 
Is there a video link to this? I feel like the gif maybe isn't doing it justice.  
That grin tho
Yep Fuck Mat Latos till the end for the full babushka look on the same dude?
"CLUTCH OR KICK"
I don't watch basketball but damn this was uploaded, him smiling and running down was hilarious.
Rudy Gay's thoughts: I hate losing...
Iggy isn't really the guy to try that on tbh.
I told her to look back at it Look back at it Look back at it Then I put a fat rabbit on the same dude?
When arod did that they crusified him
They're having so much fun. It's glorious. 
That was fucking beautiful, I love Iggy so much, shame our offer got outmatched by GSW years back.
haha
The jersey colors of golden state and bench shirts of the Kings got me really confused on when gay and rondo went to golden state.
It was if the whole Warriors squad could shoot the lights out yesterday. Truly amazing.
Rondo's face of approval.
Not quite like the Curry one vs Denver but this ain't bad
It's not Gay if it's in a three point play!
honest to god Idk why people don't just rondo / deandre him. For a guy who can't hit freethrows he talks alot of shit. lets see that shit talk when he clanks three in a row and gets subbed out of the game. he's easily the biggest liability when they go small and no one ever thinks to do it. 
Gay lookin like "I should have kept my mouth close."
Lmaooo at Rondo's face
that team is so smug
Just one of the many reasons that dbag was sitting on the BENCH.
That's a bitch move
Time for SportsCenter to suck his dick
Someone's Saltyyyy
This is a lot better than I was expecting it to be. 
Thanks for the love, guys. Now I feel partly responsible for this absurd performance against the Raptors at home....
&gt; You think you've got it bad

&gt; Your team is making you sad

&gt; I'm a Clipper fan, sadness is all that I've ever had

Perfect
&gt;"I'm a sucker for dunks, and a glutton for punishment"

Put that on the letterhead
It's like fun 90s rap. More please.
*fire emoji *
That was legit
Dude...I know how much work something like this takes.  Hats off to you  Great work!
Very nice. We should start an NBA Record label. [Been making these all year](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t3Fzx1k-RUs)

EDIT: [Rap Up for Nov 22: Tonight's Games](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OVTWWcu234k)
Hehe, loved that Villanova crying girl reference
This was... refreshingly good! 


The chorus is actually super catchy, man! Great work!


Beat^is^a^bit^loud^tho
1.  Make old school rap songs for each nba team, drop album.
2.  ???
3.  Profit.

That was excellent btw.
This might just surpass "too hip to clip" as my favorite Clipper song. 
I kinda want a rockets version for this season...
Sick edit, even sicker beat. However, sick team :(
It's not Blake's fault!
Clippers have sucked for so long. But now they finally got good. Yet somehow they still suck
Doooope. And in the spirit of Blake and Draymond getting along for Team USA, I, a Warrior fan and "beatmaker" (claim to semi-fame: contributing production to Random's Mega Ran 10 album) would love to collab, if you are down. Holla?
**[THIS IS ME WHILE WATCHING IN FRONT OF FRIENDS] (http://gifsec.com/wp-content/uploads/GIF/2014/08/crying-spiderman-gif.gif?gs=a)**
I love that clip where girl cries while playing the flute. Anyone have the source or backstory?
This will be the new clippers theme song when introducing the players
Yeah, poor Clippers fans with their top tier team in the league and extremely talented Big 3

Edit: That being said, I do like the song
That was amazing
Dude that was... awesome! 

Is there more? Just saw that you had nothing else on your channel music-wise and thought that you would probably have a few more songs hidden somewhere.
&gt; What if we picked up a half decent Lance Stephenson?

[Pause]

&gt; UUUHHHH...
I'm getting a Will Smith vibe from this, and I absolutely love it.

Well done.
Good stuff. Can't wait until BleacherReport posts an article about this.
Loved it
Lions fans also know only sadness :(

I feel like you guys have a glimmer of hope in making it out friend. God speed.
I loved it, shoulda put a few more lines in about doc though haha!
This is great man. Well done
Nice dude, you've got skill
That was really well done! 
Really well done my man!!! 

Gave me a Jurassic 5 feel,which is sweet.

I'd like to see you do other teams.
I honestly feel like you could do this for all NBA teams and become like the next NBA related youtube star (just like impersonator). Awesome shit man, sorry for your team, but loved your rap.
I was expecting it to be something [similar to this Cleveland song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ysmLA5TqbIY).
🔥🔥🔥
A+
dude, you killed it with that conan o'brien edit.
you sound a bit like the guy from blue scholar mixed with the dude from flobots

great job
BRO WTF? This sounds fire!
Great job. I was kind of expecting you to intentionally blow the last few bars as a tribute to your team though. 

Seriously though when the Clips are good you guys are unbeatable, there's just some missing element that keeps you from holding together for four quarters consistently. We're rivals and all but I hope you find it anyway. You play your hearts out and are a lot of fun to watch.
Best OC on here in a long time 
not even close to as bad as being a lions fan
Dope flow
If I heard this song on the radio and I wasn't paying attention, I'd think it was like throwback 90s rap. Sounds so good, can't even tell it's a parody.
This is pretty good but here is a bit of constructive criticism. Please use a de-esser on your vocal tracks. There is way too much sibilance on the vocals. Set it so it effects the 4k to 8k range, play with the reduction/threshold setting of your de-esser and then adjust the frequency range again until it's cleaned up. 

But good job man. LOL@the clippers.
Even when they're good they're bad bahahaha their failure is so funny because of the cocky ass fans. 
[why is this not posted yet?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TQGEBt6IUkE)
Fantastic work
lol this is great! love it. nice job!
[On a lighter note](https://youtu.be/R3aqr5Vr6UA)
Got that 90's flow. Love it. Bars.
That was just great. 10/10 would throw on my playlist 
/u/Ronnie2K put this in 2K17!
I Love seeing Clippers lose.  
wow this is amazing! Well done!
Shit dude you're talented af.
OP this is just amazing work, sadly i might see it on B/R soon...
The Villanova band player crying was vs Uconn in 2014, loved it

Great video

Edit: Not Uconn, am idiot, still great video
That was pretty sick actually
That emoji line was perfect.

Supa hot fire.

actually pretty enjoyable song/video
"C'mon I know the team is motivated, to show that they're the best at more than just imoji makin'" 

Fuck yes. 
Good job man I loved it. Hopefully this is the year.
Excellent work man!
This should be our anthem. 
I hope this goes viral, this was pretty funny lol
Wow this actually sounds like a 90s hip hop track
Awesome!
Way way better than I excepted. Great job dude! A quick funny song like this usually won't make it the full 2 minutes but the beat was so fun I watched whole thing!
Love the last scene with the congratulatory high fives then the fade to the losing score. Lol
Can we please have a remix when you guys get fucked over in the second round by the Spurs?
It's ya boi Mattafact AKA The Second Rounder.
Ear worm right there. I will be singing it tomorrow and I don't know much about basketball (from UK - loved BB as a kid) but I now am a Clipper fan, we love underdogs in the UK.  I hope I haven't offended anyone,  I will be seeing can learn online.
Not even bad
Kudos, dude. They really should be way better than they are showing now. Now that tonight's game is officially over, I feel like it just got a little bit awkward.
First Warriors, then Clippers...now we just need a Raptors one.

*Insert Drake joke here*
Yo that was dope as fuck. 

Great job OP! If you're up for it, make a rap for other teams. 
Wow, that was solid. Super fun.
This is so awesome!
Hey that chorus applies to us too!  
Sadness is all we've had, our two fanbases
dope track bro! nice bars. are you on soundcloud?
I'm so pissed off with the clippers they keep costing me money on my multi bets 
Matt can rap make that booty clap
" Josh Smith stop heaving up them threes" . I feel you man , he used to piss me off when he played for the Hawks.
What the hell this is the best thing I've seen in this sub in a long time.
I hear a little Gimme the Loot, nice.
Nets fan feel you Clipper Bros
[Obligatory air horn](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-i6rFjNQUwE)
Reminds me of Ugly Duckling.
A mess?!?!  At least you're not a Rockets fan!
loved this so much man really funny and fresh!  feel your pain, and your talent! lol
Legit
Haha, this is awesome.
Thank you for not showing Brandon Knight getting dunked on by Jordan!!!!
Give this man a medal.
4 hours old and already time for a remix.
This shit is pretty legit...i hope you can get some money from it
That was nice!
Right there with ya buddy. Rockets fan checking in. 
That is amazing.
It's so hard being a Clips fan this season.  So much expectation, so much disappointment.
Well, i am an Illini fan so i do understand this to an extent, however i do have fond memories of Jordan in the finals so i guess i've got that going for me, which is nice.
They used to be the Buffalo Braves.  They still have the Buffalo curse.
As a Clip and Virginia fan this song speaks to my heart 
I'll see you on sportscenter my friend.
That was amazing.
That was both enjoyable and hard to watch. 
Dude this is like...really good
actually really good. nice editing on the video as well. and I agree, those new jerseys/logos are just so ugly. the ones before in cursive were really nice looking.
Fvck this is too good. Should be a hit.
The MV is awesome too lol
[deleted]
As someone who went to the game today... Thank you.
I truly don't know whether to laugh or cry about this. Much like our season. Congrats dude this made my day. 
I am thoroughly impressed. Nice work OP!
man.. imagine if you were a little older. late 80's. first overall drafted danny manning. tore his acl before we knew how to fix it. never the same guy.  drafted danny freaking ferry 2nd overall next year, chooses italy over clippers. 

later on they draft mcdyess 2nd overall and trade him for rodney rodgers and brent barry. 

a little later on, they finally break out of a slump and 36 games. #1 that year was duncan. #1 next year they won the pick was olawakandi. 

plus they had a worse gm than bernard king. baylor was so revered as a player they didn't care he had no idea what he was doing as gm. 
This was awesome man!  Great job!
Hey at least you still have a team. Think of all the Redskins' fans who saw their team get massacred today by the Panthers.
That was awesome.
Wow this is so good! 
lmao good stuff. I just lay around and jerk off these days, if only I was artistic. 
Try being a Redskins fan.
shit was nice man
Ayyyyy Austin!
Almost as good as Jr Smith sooooo right
Hope they blast it at the home games. 
I see this winding up being talked about on espn pretty soon.
[This Facebook page](https://www.facebook.com/BasketballForeverPage/?fref=nf) already freebooted your video and it has 148K+ views already. (Didn't know how to get a direct link to the video)
swaaaaaag
Watching Jamal Crawford play hurts my soul
Is this Will Smith?
as a lions fan... i feel you 
You don't know what it's like to be a Lion's fan
the problem is reddick is taking more shots than griffin, he shouldnt even be starting on that roster. 
This pleases me greatly, may they never reach or win a championship.  As deemed by the great gods of Erie Lake
Michael Olowokandi or Yaroslav Korolev reference would have been nice
hahaha for some reason i could imagine SLug rapping this.

As a Clipper fans since the early 90s, I live for moral victories and close calls and at least we dont draft players like Oloawakani anymore.
Haha that was dope.
That blew me away
I'm not Clippers fan but their permanent weird losses upset me. Hope it will be finished soon.
This shit is straight up fire 
Do the Browns plz
BLOW IT UP.
The Lance Stephenson bar was hotcakes
Where did you find this beat? I want to rap over it.
If it means anything we've been having similar disappointments since that series.
thanks man, as a long time clipper fan i really appreciated this.
You probably don't want to tune into the Raps-Clips game right now...
which clipper left weird comments on an instragram models page?
Mooooods!  This is clearly self promotion. Please remove it!1!!
I had a conversation with my uncle once, who was a lifetime (45+ years) NBA fan. I was hyped on the Clippers a while back when they had Lamar Odom (who played out of his mind his rookie year) and was like "They should be really good this year, how far do you think they'll go?" and he just said, "They ain't doing shit. They're the Clippers, bro."

"But, they just got this guy..."

"They're the *Clippers*, bro."

"But"

"They're the ***Clippers***."

"Ok Tio Richard."

They didn't do shit. It's now 15 years later and it's the same story. They're just the fucking Clippers, bro.
The Clippers are the CLG of the NBA.
I want everyone to realize something... the Clippers drafted Al Foruoq Aminu ahead of Paul George... let that sink in.
I will use this on every Clipper choke thread ever.                                                                                                                             
Edit: Phrasing.
Great song.

It's not all bad though. You still have top marks in:

*Most Hateable Team

*Most Punchable Coach

*Most Immature Center

*Most Batshit Owner

*Most Cringeworthy Logo

I could keep going but you get the idea.

This is a sweet use of Poppa's Got a Brand New Bag, awesome awesome beat there dude. Love James Brown.
Watching the clippers and raptors game on ballstream as a non-fan of either teams on ballstream was watching 2 teams with the hardcore fans calling each other the whiniest and chokiest teams throw. Just eating my popcorn...
I want Lakers to get good again so the Clippers can fall back into obscurity
I'm not ashamed to say that I sang along
I might be showing my age, but when growing up there was no such thing as a clippers fan, not to mention a tortured clippers fan, which is why i find this hilarious.

Wow... This was actually really good and very relatable 
Love it. 
LOL at 2:09
DO EVERY OTHER TEAM
Another sleepover at deandre's should take care of it!!!! Meanwhile the Mavs are 3rd in the west!!! Ain't karma a bitch!!!
[there a reason you used footage of socceroos supporters??](http://i.imgur.com/68Yailr.png)
[deleted]
"my clippers"
This song is just as corny as the Clippers are.
"My clippers" FOH you don't even know who Corey Maggette  is... You don't know clipper pain. What, afraid to do one for the lakers? 
Lmao they look like old guys at a YMCA tournament
Lmao dirk smiles at kobe as soon as it goes in. Im gonna miss these guys so much 
More signs this is kobes last year. He usually doesn't react like that. Its going to be sad to see these legends go
Made me smile for a second, but then I started crying again.
Kobe has a lot of respect for Dirk and it is awesome. He was featured multiple times in Dirk's documentary in Netflix and said he was happy for Dirk when he won in 2011. 
Within 2 years, we won't have Kobe, Timmy, Dirk, KG, and the truth probably. Fuck 
LOVE this interaction, this had me smiling from ear to ear. The way Dirk instantly looks back and grins at kobe, he knows he got him. Great stuff
I hope after they retire Dirk and Kobe get their own reality show just talking shit about all the new kids.
In another reality, these two played together and became best of friends.  It is a happier timeline for Kobe.  
Game respects game
I'm going to really miss Kobe
Kinda cool seeing Kobe let the guard down a little bit. Recognizes that he doesn't have much left in the tank and it seems it's reminded him how much he loves the game. Makes me happy and sad. 
/r/nbaww
Dirk and Kobe looking like two 4th quarter seniors
Everyone in this sub has been saying how much they'll miss Kobe once he retires, but man I know I'm not the only one that'll miss Dirk. 
Only the most respected players can fake out Kobe, smile at him and get a smile back.  
http://i.imgur.com/YSeh2xR.gif
You know what I love about the NBA? The players really seem to be part of a fraternity and are at least friendly. That was a pretty cool moment between two legends. Awesome move. 
/r/mademesmile
Kobe's like I see you Big Fella.
Sweet move. The reality of Kobe leaving the league hit at the end of the game. Getting a standing O from the Dallas crowd. And then the players meeting him in the middle of the court as if they were paying their respects. This shit is getting to real.
nothin' but cheese
Exactly what Kobe needs to do. Just play and enjoy it. He'll stress himself to another injury worrying about being the best in the league right now.
:')
That is pretty awesome. It made me like Kobe for like half a second.
Legends.
As someone who's spent way too much time worrying about Kobe's mental ability to handle aging/retirement, seeing this kind of thing makes me really happy.
Dirk has the same stoked grin as when I finally got my dad to bite hard on a pumpfake. This sounds like a nice childhood memory, but it was like a year ago I'm much better at watching than playing haha.
As a German it's so cool to see the man that brought me to basketball still having fun on the court. His best days are over, but man will I miss him once he retires. Dirk's still pretty good too. ;)

Damn I was hoping Kobe would have guarded Dirk on a posession

Also with each game is becoming more apparent that this is Kobes farewell tour
I went to the game, and [after this play I be like](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gev_Phjl764)...
This was cool. Dirk smiling at Kobe after he got him. Two legends in their twilight years, who have faced each other a lot over the years, respecting each other and enjoying their time left on the court (though Dirk's still got it and I don't want to count Kobe out yet)
Holy fuck I miss these guys already and they're still playing.
Dirk's old man game &gt; Kobe's old man game 

It's charming though, that Kobe has mellowed out
2 greats showing respect
Don't reach, old blood. 
I paused at the end to zoom in on Cuban grinning, and noticed that the photographer sitting just below Cuban has the most gigantic head I've ever seen.
This was cool. Dirk with a great move and Kobe just cheesing.
I fucking love this game.
The grin on Dirk's face right after the shot, priceless.
thats when you know theyre havin fun
That is so awesome. Dirk is the fucking man. Kobe's alright, too.
Dirks wins at bingo
Why is he wearing long sleeves, lol wouldn't that be warm
The fact that Kobe and Dirk are talking retirement makes me feel old as fuck, and sad. Ill miss them both, happy I saw them play in person. 
http://imgur.com/a5XVIUr

Gonna miss both these guys
such feels... how he reacts with players and at arenas really makes it seem like this is his last year
Kobe loves good basketball, win or lose
God... okay Kobe. I guess you're kind of alright now....
That's cool Kobe can laugh (give props) about it without getting upset about it.
Lets be honest, Dirk was scoring either way.
God damn I didn't think I could love Dirk more.
Great sportsmanship on Kobe's behalf. Love it.
Dirk looks so happy lol
:') two legends on the hardwood
Black Mamba no more. Sad to see the Black Mamba phase leave but at least Kobe Bryant is happy.
I'm drunk and I accidentally watched this 3 times thinking, "Damn, they're showing a lot of replays."
Kobe knows his team sucks.  He's like "fuck it, I'm just gonna have a good time this year.
Dirk is a gem. Duncan and Kobe may have brought their teams more championships but I'd rather have Dirk. He is just too funny. Plus I think he carried his ship more than Kobe or Duncan ever had to.
That look after the basket like "got you mothafucka" ;)
This was like watching two professional poker players. They're both veterans and know each other so well. Kobe knew Dirk was going for the fade-away. Dirk bluffed the fade-away because he knew Kobe would know this, so he did the layup! What an awesome play!
I think we need to start talking about Dirk like we talk about Duncan. Dude is still killing it out there.
I don't want to raise my children in a world that has this happy version of Kobe. I need more fire eyes, "fuckin faggets" and anti-Chris Rock focus..for the chirren 
I'm what could be called a Kobe "hater", but I'm pleasantly surprised that Kobe is dialing back the competitiveness this year and having more fun. I didn't think he had it in him but it's great to see.
Man when these guys are gone...
Who the fuck opened an onion?
Kobe mastered Dirk's jumper

Dirk did Kobe's tricks on him

Made me smile

What's Kobe a wee bit cold wearing dem long sleeeeeves
That was a travel, no?
Please don't downvote this, but my instinctive response was to think that Dirk traveled-- after gathering the ball, does he move his left foot, then his right slightly, and then his left again?

Or do I not understand the rule?
Between this and the thread with Kobe and Wade's kid, I'm feeling a lot of mixed feelings about Kobe right now.
I love this Kobe. At a point where he's enjoying every minute and not the incredibly serious and cold blooded Kobe we know
It's okay guys, don't be sad; before you know it we'll be having Porzingis vs. Winslow highlights to watch 
kobes gonna retire and come back in 2-3 yrs a la jordan
Two of the greats. Let us be witness. Soon, we wont have these treasures on the court.

So, enjoy folks.
Why never on Youtube?
even though kobe is smiling there seems to be like a undertone of like sadness under the facade
xxyy
Real recognize real 
Dirk is giddy like a kid who's paper airplane went the farthest.
two legends
respect
Reminds me of [this](https://youtu.be/KwxurH0dGmA)
Was hoping this would get posted for people who didn't see the game. Man I was cheesin when it happened. 
I sucks to see the guys I grew up on in their twilight but I do like the senior tour feel that some of these Kobe games have. 
I love this sub sooo much...just like minded people appreciating basketball as an honest sport and friendly banter.
Man feels so good see Dirk play 
At this point it just looks like Kobe is having fun, it's great to see. 
damn this brought a tear to my eye. Just two legendary players in their last few years showing appreciation to each other's game.
I didn't sign up for this feels trip man. Goddammit
Game recognize game.
&gt; Bryant knew he was caught in a lopsided mismatch, as he surrenders half a foot in height to the Dallas Mavericks' star 7-footer who boasts a fadeaway jumper that is virtually unstoppable because of its sky-high release point.

&gt; But Bryant came up with a plan.

&gt; "I haven't been able to get to his fadeaway, so I was timing him up to try and catch him before he gets up high, because he's too damn tall," the Los Angeles Lakers' superstar said Friday after the Mavericks' 90-82 win.

&gt; "Once he gets up there, I can't get it. So I figured I'd try to catch him."

&gt; In other words, he'd swipe at the ball before Nowitzki brought it up, hoping to knock it loose.

&gt; But Nowitzki, in his 18th season, knew full well what Bryant, in his 20th, was planning to do.

&gt; "He was talking to me and he was kind of sitting on that fadeaway," Nowitzki said. "I was kind of hoping he would."

&gt; So Nowitzki used fancy footwork and a pump-fake to make it seem as though he was stepping back to take one of his classic jumpers. Once Bryant bit on the bait and jumped, Nowitzki used an up-and-under move to finish an easy layup.

&gt; The two 37-year-olds smiled at each other as they ran back down the court.

[Nice piece on ESPN that imo catches the spirit of this footage](http://espn.go.com/blog/losangeles/lakers/post/_/id/42154/kobe-bryant-savors-what-could-be-final-battles-with-dirk-nowitzki)
It's gonna be sad when these two retire
I'm gonna miss those guys. But there's exciting new guys to look forward to. Man growing old is weird.
Gotta love those two &lt;3
I love that man. He always has fun out there. Indee Dirk cheesin a lot with other players refs and coaches. 
Yes Kobe doesn't react like that... But approves? You sure are taking a lot of creative control there.
I think a lot of people missing a big picture here. Kobe is the one that took those post moves from Dirk and made them his own perfecting it in every angle. After this move Dirk is like "you might have took my moves and perfect them but I'm still the original"
This year has been surprisingly awesome I know we still suck but man this year has been a lot more fun than last. I'm gonna miss bryant so much. Change the k to an l and the b to a v. Kobe is love
Never really liked Kobe as a player or person but he just seems like he's having fun this year and trying to go out after playing a full healthy season.
Dirk's smile right after the shot.
whats with the full sleeves lol
Why don't they just remove the travelling rule all together?
6 years ago and Kobe would be losing sleep and hitting up practice 2 hours earlier.
I'm going to watch as many Laker games as I can now..
http://i.imgur.com/zhFEoQ0.jpg
This looked more worked than a wrestling match. Watch dirk set up on Kobe and notice his hand movements as they get "settled" for the interior pass.
He still has some gas in the tank. If he can lead this team to the playoffs  then he would show how top 10 he is if not already.   
I wish Kobe fans were as cool as Kobe is.
At this point, I'm pretty sure I could fake out kobe like that
travel
I don't really think he got faked out. Kobe just seems to gamble on everything nowadays.
...How many games do you travel police people have to watch before realizing that SLIGHTLY picking up your pivot foot or SLIGHTLY dragging it doesn't get called as a travel the majority of the time?  Just because it technically is a travel within the rules, it's largely allowed in the NBA specifically, and i don't see how it suffers from it.



This isn't lebron's crab dribble or something.  This isn't taking 5 steps on a fast break.  



[And all hail dirk while we're at it]
Game respect game
It's bullshit like this why I don't watch NBA basketball anymore. [Here](http://i.imgur.com/iL8ZC9W.jpg) is a 5-panel screenshot of Dirk after he picked up the ball. 

* In the first panel, he clearly has the ball in both hands, so either his left or his right can be used as a pivot foot. I've indicated the position of his feet when he first picked up the ball with red circles. 
* In frame 2, he has established his left foot as his pivot foot, since he took a step backwards with his right foot.
* But in frame 3, he picks up his left (pivot) foot. This is automatically traveling right here. Once you establish a pivot foot, you cannot pick that foot up unless you are jumping to shoot or pass (or initiate a dribble, which Dirk cannot do).
* But wait there's more! In frame 4, he is seen once again planting his left foot and advancing his right foot toward the goal. So even if his right foot was the pivot foot, he still traveled with this move.
* And then finally he is seen lifting his right foot once more as he steps with his left to shoot a lay up. Just look how far he has moved from his initial position after he picked up his dribble. This isn't just one instance of traveling. He took 5-6 steps after he picked up his dribble. He didn't fake out Kobe; walked 5 feet toward the goal when he shouldn't even be allowed to take one step. 

Shit like this may make the game more exciting with higher scores, but it's ruined the game for me. When someone picks up their dribble, a defender should be able to close in on him and get in his face. You can't do that anymore because a player can take four or five additional steps from that position to just walk around you. It's infuriating.
That's the most defense I've seen Kobe play in years.
As soon as this happened I knew this clip would top r/nba
Colby Bryant is a bad person. Let's not forget that.
He traveled..
Durant following in Kareem's footsteps on alienating the media.
The media should be criticizing Byron Scott for an offense where Kobe shoots incessantly and plays ridiculous minutes. 
All these comments talking about how the media is right but no one realizes he's just standing up for another player he respects.
The NBA is a form of entertainment. It exists because people like to watch it and talk about it. No more, no less.

Kobe isn't some great human being. He's an entertainer. He's been paid hundreds of millions of dollars because he's been entertaining and made the Lakers entertaining (by winning).

The media is part of this system. They drive up interest and thus drive up value. Kobe wouldn't have been nearly as valuable without the media. When Kobe was great, the media talked about how Kobe was great.

Now Kobe is terrible. And the media is talking about how Kobe terrible. That's the business. The media doesn't owe him anything.

You want the good but not the bad? Tough.
I love Durant, but his dislike for the media is getting irrational 
So the media had to say he's playing great, shooting well and that he should play for another 5 years huh Kevin? 
&gt; all I hear is about how bad he's playing, how bad he's shooting, time for him to hang it up

Where is the lie though? Down to the point where he's hanging it up. I love Kobe as much as any other fan of the NBA. What he's done for the game of basketball cannot be measured. But, you cannot deny he's playing poorly right now. Is the media supposed to be like "uhhh nothing to see here, Kobe is the GOAT"?
#Meet me and Durant in Temecula
So did 90% of Reddit. 
He's a first ballot HOFer playing in the 2nd biggest market for one of the most legendary franchises in sports and has a TS% of 40.9% which is well below the league average of 53.2% and he's still shooting the ball nearly 17 times a game. All while on an 2-14 team.

They can't *not* talk about him. 
I'm with Durant on this one
Heheh, if KD thinks the media has been treating Kobe bad, I suggest he doesn't go on Reddit.
ITT /r/nba telling Durant to stop being sensitive, while ignoring their own emotional, knee-jerk reactions to every single topic.
Lol are those things not true?
Media before this weekend: "Kobe is embarrassing himself. He should retire. He is playing like shit."

Media after this weekend: "Kobe is retiring. What a loss. One of the greatest of all time."
kd sure has gotten real sensitive about pretty much anthing media related lately
This dude has a problem with everything
You know, I've never been the biggest fan of KD, but I'm starting to like him.  At least he has the balls to say what he's thinking.
Well that's the media, Kevin. 
Yeah well, if he didn't want to be raked over the coals, he shouldn't have kept chucking when it was clear his shot was gone. Why not act as a distributor instead? Or go inside and draw fouls? Or just play less if his body was completely shot? Look at Kevin Garnett and how he's playing for an example of what to do.
I love how chippy Kevin Durant has become over the last couple years. Its like he got injured and just sat there with his ankle up for 12 months thinking about all the shit he wished he had said when he was still acting like he was such a nice guy.

Now he doesn't give a fuck at all. Anybody can get it, especially the media. 
I can't wait until the media stops coddling KD.
KD is talking in the past-tense. I wouldn't be surprised if he was alluding to Kobe's Colorado saga.
Durant has been one of the most coddled athletes of our time, yet acts like the media is his worst enemy.

Can't wait for his next bad "Player's Tribune" article that's written by someone else. 
I swear Durant's disdain for the media started when everyone started to question whether he would stay in Oklahoma City or try and win a championship somewhere else.
Why is it so difficult for people to grasp Durant's point that Kobe has *earned* special treatment? The nonstop bitching about Kobe is as ridiculous and emotive as ever. I haven't seen any of the top posts note the fact that the Lakers are a fucking abysmal basketball team whether he's playing or not, the Lakers are not a half-decent team being held back by his poor shooting. His shooting is the only reason that anyone outside of LA wants to watch a Laker game right now. He's earned the right to have a bad year in the twilight of his career without anyone pretending he's still expected to compensate for one of the worst rosters in the NBA.

Never mind that he's still recovering from two lost seasons to injury, which is conveniently absent in the amateur narrations. 
Kevin Durant would really love a lot of people in this sub then...
Not like the media's wrong.
lol
Still better at media relations than Derrick Rose
I think if anyone is shooting 30% from the field and 20% from 3 it's pretty fair to criticize them and wonder if they should retire already. Every time he steps on the floor he's decreasing his teams chances to win. 
Kevin just needs to realize that all sports writers are monday morning quarterbacks. Kobe played 17 years playing the same way, high volume shooting, that resulted in 5 rings and 7 finals, then the achiles injury happened. Kobe being Kobe wouldn't allow him to be Tim Duncan and ride the coattails of others to win a championship. Everyone forgets that the Spurs didnt make the finals for 6 years (2007-2013) and everyone was saying Timmy should retire, but Timmy is a different type of player. He was fine with taking a backseat because he has always had other players on his team capable of taking over games. He was never going to go out and get you 50 and impose his will on the other team. So his adjustment to 4th option was much easier. Both players will finish with 5 rings in roughly the same amount of time so for a person to say one player did it right and the other player didnt is naive 
Get 'em KD.  
KD's thing with the media is weird.  I mean, is the media suppose to ignore the obvious?  WTF?  Still doesn't diminish his accomplishments.  
Thanks for bringing this up Kev, because I too feel bad for Kobe. He's a really sensitive guy, he takes that stuff to heart. He's also a hopeless romantic - he bought his wife a diamond ring worth $4 million! They had been married for 3 years already! Kobe is a class act, and he really knows how to keep his wife happy.
Srsly what the fuck is Durant's problem?
I love watching Durant play but his anti-media crusade over the last year or two is making me really dislike him. At least Westbrook could say that painted him in a negative light sometimes. KD has been the golden boy since day 1.
KD is typically right but man he bitches a lot about the media. Just be glad folks care you while making millions of dollars for playing a game.
well Kobe literally told the media "I suck" so...
Wow. Great sportsmanship
This is stupid, do you want the media to cover the truth or keep sucking up to players because of their reptuation? Kobe has been bad for the past 3 years 
Well maybe if kobe wasn't taking up the lakers' cap space by refusing to give up control of the team and playing terribly the media wouldn't report on the truth? It doesn't help that kobe has acted like a giant dick so he's hard to like as a person.
I don't really get it. Why can't fans be upset that the dude is holding the Lakers back?  He was great for the Lakers for years and b the Lakers showed him their utmost appreciation but that doesn't mean Kobe is immune from criticism when he is playing poorly.
I'm not saying you should make a guy who wasn't projected to make much an impact or be that effecient this year the center of all you content as a writer but if a guy is playing bad then he's playing bad. If Delly put up the samwme shooting stats there would be articles written about it too.
"Another vintage game for Kobe, 1-14 from the field but he set up his teammates and provided the patented Kobe fire in the thirty point loss."

KD wants the media to be Byron Scott. KD to Lakers confirmed. 
Who cares.  I can't stand Kevin Durant complaining all the time about "the media" and "the internet"  The guy is the most sensitive little flower in the NBA.  He gets his panties in a twist about something every week.
KD is always bitching about something...
Maybe because he's playing like trash? 
... are they saying anything that's untruthful?

Face facts about Kobe: he's always been a selfish player.  Always.  And now he no longer has the talent to back that up.  There's no reason for him to be taking the volume of shots he's taking.  He plays a game for megabucks.  Part of that deal is that people take notice and comment on your performance.  

Don't like the criticism?  Find another job.  If they aren't talking about you, YOU aren't getting paid.
thank you, KD
Three reasons that this is happening:

1) Kobe is perceived as being incredibly arrogant and harsh. From all-timers like Shaq to punchlines like Smush, we've seen Kobe talk trash about everyone. It finally feels like comeuppance that he gets trashed in return for poor play.

2) Kobe has insisted on playing like a superstar when he's become a role player. If he were shooting 30% but only taking 8 shots a game, nobody would probably take outright glee in his downfall.

3) Kobe somehow is the highest paid player in the league.

Let's pretend that a 40-year old Tim Duncan was constantly getting blocked and couldn't even grab a rebound. Or Paul Pierce airballed every other shot. People would probably be very sad, even empathetic. But neither Duncan nor Pierce are making superstar money, pretending that they're still #1 options, or talking trash about teammates. 
What is the media supposed to do, overlook Kobe's decline? It's kind of their job to report on what's going on.
So I disagree with a lot of things in this thread.

1) Kobe Bryant is not a top 10 player of all time.  He's just not.  That's not taking anything away from him, either, as his era saw most of the top 50.  I don't think anyone would reasonably take him over Olajuwan, Robertson, Duncan, Shaq, Malone, Stockton, Baylor, West, Petit, etc.  For two seasons he was arguably the best player in the league, for one of those he was definitely the best by a mile.  Other than that, he's been a very good player with a very good coach.  Top 25, certainly, top 10, no.

2) Neither the media nor Kobe are responsible for the media's treatment of him in his final years.  Nor is the NBA or his coaching staff.  The *only* people responsible for this is the public.  The *sports entertainment* media's job, just like the player's job, is to entertain.  The only important metric for whether or not the public is entertained is whether or not they buy the magazines, newspapers, cable channels, and advertised products in them.  The public loves controversy and the public loves a roast.  Only the public can dictate the tone of the media.

3) Kevin Durant is actually mad at the fans, not the media.  The fans are the ones eating this shit up, because most fans are not fans of the Lakers and most fans remember how badly Kobe got along with Shaq (who is almost universally liked - but for all we know, Shaq was literally shitting in Kobe's shoes) and most fans remember that Kobe raped a woman and got away with it by paying her off.  Most NBA fans, to some degree, relish him playing poorly.  The members of the media, dear Mr Durant, like to eat.  They sell to the fans whatever the Hell the fans are willing to buy.  So when Mr Durant doesn't really like it when a rapist who can't get along with an American Sweetheart is disliked by the public, I think maybe he's either disconnected from reality or has a very selective memory.


KD is in a losing battle if he thinks calling out the media is gonna do him good.

Kobe had been bad. really bad. He's not doing any disservice to the team though and that is where many of you are wrong. only person he's taking shots away from is JC, and JC is still getting his on highly efficient shooting. The team is horrendous and taking the ball out of Kobe's hands wont really help. Its not like they have won the games he's missed either. His only way to get buckets is in 1v1. he's not a catch and shoot guy, to ask him to just sit back near the 3 point line is fucking asinine, HE"S SHOOTING 19% PEOPLE!! Alot of the shots he's missing are makeable shots, Not every shot he takes is fadeaway jumpshots, he tries to work the mid post, he tries catch, one-two dribble pullups..But nothing is working for him right now. He's not being Shit because he wants to. I think that is the point that is being lost here, His Body has simply quit on him. 

He's not wrong.
My man speaks the truth
To be fair, he was playing bad, shooting bad, and does need to hang it up. 
Yeah well he also raped a girl so...
I mean, I love Kobe and it sucks that he's fallen off the face of the earth, but it's not like the media is being unfair. He has flat out sucked, and has even acknowledged as much. Durant needs to stop being a baby back bitch
I'm starting to dislike KD Jesus Christ dude. Just stop...
The media is doing there job by telling it like it is.  Kobe Bryant is playing like shit, and even he admitted as much in his most recent press-conference.  The fact that Durant believes Kobe would want the media to sugarcoat his apparent awfulness shows that he doesn't understand how personal honesty makes up Kobe's DNA.  Granted, he has every right to be peeved about scathing articles like [this](http://deadspin.com/fuck-off-kobe-1745231527), but Durant seems to imply that Kobe has earned the right to have his countless faults overlooked.

Durant needs tougher skin, full stop.
ITT: people bitching
Durant is a whiney little bitch.
I like Durant, but I think he's pretty stupid.

Kobe is playing bad, and the media is talking about it. What should they do?  Say, "Oh it's okay, Kobe. You are trying so hard out there!  We'll take you out for pizza after the game!"
I mean just because he sucks and is destroying his team, we should all let it  slide.  I have never watched anyone play as bad with absolutely no repercussions.  
Maybe because he was playing like shit?
I don't like Kobe but I agree with Durant about this. Hes an all-time great winner and scorer who probably is playing a little bit too long, but so what. He earned the right to play as long as he wants too and it is kind of crazy how much the media has been shitting on him this season. 
if a player is playing like shit then the media should be able to write about that. the media aren't always monsters, sometimes they just report what they see. KG has sucked for years now but the media doesn't give him as much shit because he still plays the "right way" and has accepted a smaller role. What incites ppl against Kobe this year is that he clearly isn't capable of playing like he used to but he still jacks up way too many shots  and hijacks the team to their detriment.
Well when you are playing like shit an analyst should say you are playing like shit
Hey Kevin wanna make the media really made? Come to the Lakers this summer haha.
I get being annoyed with the media, but KD acts like they fucked his wife as much as he complains about them. Kobe has been really bad so far and that's news. Everyone already knows what Kobe used to do.
Durant is so sensitive. Seems like the kind of guy who wants to have his cake and eat it too. He wants them to speak up more when people he likes are doing well, and pipe down when they're not. Totally understandable, but really immature to get upset when he's faced with reality. It's the media's job to report on the players, and frankly I haven't seen much of anything written about Kobe's play this season that seems below the belt or unfair. If Kobe doesn't want them saying he's playing like shit then he shouldn't play like shit. Should the media have just been throwing rose petals at the Legend's feet and ignore how he's almost below 30% in FG's? Puh-lease. Frankly it would be a disgrace to sports journalism were the writers to just write fluff pieces on his last season and ignore his mediocre performance.
The assertion that past greatest should shield a person from criticism for subsequent failures is idiotic.  

Imagine a world leader who was very successful during the early part of his rule.  Imagine he won a number of wars and made his country the dominant power of its era.  Imagine this leader was immensely popular with those he ruled and widely considered to be one of the greatest leaders of all time.  However, imagine that despite his country being past the point where it could sustain such constant military campaigning and facing much greater odds of success, the leader decides to continue fighting anyway.  Should this leader not be criticized for not deciding to stop a destructive course and ultimately failing, despite his prior greatness and success?  

This is exactly what Napoleon did.  Kevin Durant does not think Napoleon should be criticized for invading Russia.  
Kevin Durant is starting to sound like an idiot.
The media doesn't exist to promote NBA players.

I don't know why players think there has to be this buddy buddy feeling with the media.

The media's job is to report. Kobe is playing like shit.

The media reports that.

Sure, some reporters are scumbags. There are a lot of players who are scumbags too, Durant doesn't complain about them.

He seems like a great person, but he is wrong on this.


Well, he did allegedly sexually assault that girl, so there's that...
KD is starting to get annoying.
&gt;and I didn't really like that

He sounds like a fucking pussy
I kinda like the anti-media Kevin Durant
Real talk. 
I love it. Enjoy that humble pie Kobe. You suck. Retire. I won't miss you one bit.
If Kobe was just having a slightly bad season, or was struggling coming off an injury, KD would have a point. But Kobe has been epicly, team-destroyingly, worst in the league bad. He has been below average for a few years but this season is on pace to be one of the worst seasons for any player ever. And to make it worse he is totally in denial about the whole situation and is hurting the development of younger players with his lack of passing.

If anything the media has been too easy on him. 
Durant is such a little bitch when it comes to the media. He's trying to be tough but it's just embarrassing. 
I don't agree with everything Durant says about the media but I'm with him here. I was a little put off by how some members of the media, especially on Twitter, seemed to revel in continually talking about how poor Kobe was playing.
So salty.

If he can't handle OKC's media (probably the most complimentary), he sure as hell can't Wash DC or LA if he wants to go there as a free agent.
Why is Durant always pissed at the media these days?  He's been treated with kid gloves so far so there's no reason for the salt.  His and Westbrook's post game interactions are ultra cringy nowadays.
Lmao Durant praises Kobe and now half of /r/NBA can't stand how he talks about the media.

Have you guys been reading the articles being posted even before the season started? They've been absolutely trashing the Lakers and Kobe while the team is clearly in an early rebuilding stage. People want news about the Lakers regardless, so when they're doing awful, we're definitely going to hear nonstop about it.

And now that Kobe's retiring, the vitriolic articles quickly turned into "CHECK OUT THESE TOP 10 PLAYS FROM KOBE" and "KOBE WAS IMPORTANT TO BASKETBALL" and shit. It's all so two-faced that it's ridiculous. Durant is 100% correct.
The media is as amorphous and as easy a concept to beat on as 'the casual fan'. 
I'm loving how Durant is getting more and more abrasive with the media. Here's a good guy coming up and now the media's throwing more rocks and KD's just growing tired of their manipulative BS. 
Durant and Westbrook REALLY hate the media, don't they?
I wonder if he'd feel the same way if he was playing with Kobe, not taking his lunch money.
If Durant keeps villainizing the media like this eventually they are going to start villainizing him.  
I've seen some distasteful articles published about Kobe and those shouldn't have been written. But what are you supposed to write when the guy shoots poorly night in and night out? ESPN writes enough puff pieces. We definitely don't need more of that. 
On the one hand, Kobe has had plenty of praise heaped upon him by the media in the past, so to say they can't editorialize on his failures as well seems a bit unfair. 

On the other hand, to just say "this guy sucks now" is also selling him a bit short, considering who he is.  I try to take criticism of editorials with a grain of salt.  It's moments like this where I think of Theodore Roosevelt's great quote:

"It is not the critic who counts; not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles, or where the doer of deeds could have done them better. The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena ... if he fails, at least fails while daring greatly, so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat."
So did a lot of fans
I don't really have a problem with what Durant is saying. Whether you think Durant is whining lately (even then I always prefer frankness and honesty to being a robot even if it's something to be disagreed with), let's try and separate that from the argument at hand regarding the media.

I think his point is when discussing (criticizing in this case) Kobe lately it's not put into any context. No shit he's awful, but it should be expected. He's 37 coming off basically two years missed with major injuries. It shouldn't be that shocking. Meanwhile, everyone from fans to the media is railing on him for his performance, for his contract, for everything, with no leeway for his and the Lakers' circumstances being given.

What Durant is saying is not to necessarily ignore it. I don't think even he would say to gloss over that fact. He never has said that. Rather instead of tearing Kobe down, we should be more appreciative of him during his last go round because it's the last we'll ever see. There is room somewhere in the middle.

I don't like the way Kobe is playing, either. It's not the way I want to see him go out. Kobe himself knows he's playing badly. But being a distributor, or playing eight minutes off the bench. Personally, that's not Kobe to me, either. Would it help his team if he deferred, certainly. But the Lakers aren't going to win games anyway. 

On the off chance he goes off I want him playing the same way I've always known him to and the only way I think he knows how to play and I think a lot of fans catching him for the last time want to see that as well. They're not watching Kobe for the last time to see him be a role-player, they're watching in the hopes he can capture the Kobe magic one last time. Kobe has done enough in his career that he deserves a little bit of an opportunity to do so (as long as it's not for any longer than this season, which it won't be).
Most media I've seen is "he's a legend but age is clearly getting to him" which I don't find anything bad about. 
[Kevin Durant wants to be Kobe's sunshine](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tNBsg43cdTc)
I was watching a Lakers game the other night (vs Portland? Can't remember. It was before Kobe's announcement) and I was disgusted at how the home announcers kept talking about how bad Kobe was, saying things like "10 years ago, Kobe could've made that shot/cut". Once or twice wouldn't have been bad, but it was EVERY time he touched the ball. 

I'm not even a Kobe fan, actually I've hated Kobe for most of my life, literally, but it was so upsetting to hear them critique this man who provided so much to the game. They were treating him like a complete wash up. I know for a fact someone like Duncan or Nowitzki wouldn't receive that kind of treatment, regardless of how poorly they played. 
I agree. Especially the younger media has loved to just diss him outright this year. It is really lame.
alt+255
Fuck you. KOBE SYSTEM!!!!!
&gt;"You guys treated one of our legends like sh** and I didn't really like it"

-Kevin Durant
-- Anthony Slater
---Michael Scott
Kevin Durant is not nice
KD needs to just give the Marshawn Lynch treatment from now on. 
No wonder I don't visit this sub anymore.
BabyRage BibleThump -Twitch chat
KD is not nice 
Kevin I love you. 
Glad I'm not seeing that tired "(fill in players name) to the (fill in team name) confirmed" joke. That shit got old quick. But seriously, please come to LA Kevin.
KD easily top 5 crabbiest players in the league
"didn't really like it" is presumably an understatement.

I can understand why someone would be less than enthused to see a fellow player (especially an all-timer) getting ripped like Kobe has.
If I could have any 1 player in the NBA on my team it would be Kevin Durant - that being said, he needs to chill on the media.
Why does Durant keep referring to the media as "you guys"?   It's not like the media is a single entity.  More than a significant number of individuals in the media have given Kobe his due respect.

Kind of silly to generalize it, especially when speaking to a group of reporters, many of which are innocent of KD's accusation.
If I was a legend and shooting 31% from the field and under 20% from 3, I hope people wouldn't be kissing my ass. Those numbers are dead last in the NBA.
Damn, respect. 
He ain't wrong.
The media is right and Kobe obviously agrees.
KD has 0 responsibility to be nice or cooperative to the media, if he doesn't care what they say about him he can tell them to fuck off every single night. however he should plan to have to deal with it for the rest of his career they are going to be there whether he likes it or not. It is a frustrating part of the job nobody tells you about to have 10 dicks with tape recorders wandering around the locker room while you're trying to get dressed, who then ask why you lost the game. Kobe has tried the "catch more flies with honey" approach and it hasn't worked all that well for him over the years.
KD is always whining. Should they not report whats happening in LA because theyre bad this year? Kobes a selfish player. Its not a secert. He shouldnt be taking more than 10 shots a game. Clarkson and Williams are both better players at this point and should be getting most of his minutes. I think Kobe would be disgusted with people sugar coating his poor play.
Of course the medias going to point out how bad he is, cause that's what the media do. They need some negative press coverage. Just wait now, they are going to blow up the press with positive coverage on how great Kobe was. Then we will all forget about how bad he played. 
KD is a pussy in everything but actual basketball
the fact is Kobe is playing like shit and Durant is annoying as fuck. get over it jeez Durant.
The good: media expressing he's playing bad

The bad: KD's butthurt; Kobe still trying to play like Prime Kobe.
KD is a little whiny bitch.
KD is such a whiny little bitch! 
KD went from "good kid" to biggest media pussy I've ever heard. I like many, is a huge Kobe fan and more than respect what he has done.(Notice the flair) But, with that being said, he has also done his part in deserving the media shame. He's a bad basketball player right now, and is only hurting the team. It's obvious he knows that too and I do think we should all enjoy this ride despite it not being good basketball play.
Broad, sweeping generalization about a huge group of individuals made by player who hates broad sweeping generalizations about him.

Okay then.
God I love Durant.  Respect.
Kevin needs to realize the media isn't around to pat players on the back, and tell them they're doing a good job.

Dude is the biggest fuckin' baby. 
Durant likening facts to disrespect/opinions. Guy is getting a bit annoying. 
[This](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/c9/6b/02/c96b02e2639526cbd54685966d51ae23.jpg) is what reading this comment reminds me of.

But seriously, sometimes I feel like KD doesn't even want to be famous. Wrong business, buddy.
Maybe it's cause he was accused of raping someone. Success hides everything.

*Well to be fair #8 was the rapist.*
Tell them about the time Kobe raped that girl, changed his jersey number, and then everyone forgot about it. What a hero. 
Durant laying the smackdown on /r/nba teens
I get what Durant is saying, but the facts are what they are. Kobe is playing bad, is shooting poorly and should retire so the team can get some cap space. 

I don't understand what Durant wants the media to say.
I'm not a Kobe fan, I respect what he's done and he will go down as one of the greatest, but regardless of how much i've disliked Kobe, I dislike the media more.  Give it to them KD.
Kobe has been hot garbage this year. The media does not have a duty to create some fairy tale world where he isn't playing awful. They are reporting on what happens, and what's happening is that Kobe, an all time great, is playing unbelievably poorly. 

I'm also surprised by both Durant's and most of this sub's hypocritical views of the media. Sure *some* media outlets or personalities are scummy. But this sub literally lives and breathes what the media produces. If people like us didn't consume the stuff they put out, the media would cease to exist. And the existence of the media drives a huge amount of the interest in the sport, which is what makes the league profitable, which is the source of the fame and fortune Durant is enjoying.
oh fuck off KD
What's always funny is the media (ESPN) will cover the story with little halos on their heads like "We didn't say anyting abwout kwobe". 
I mean it's not like the media was making things up. Kobe was playing like shit period
I love Kobe, but saying that someone is playing badly when they're playing badly is not only reasonable, it's a sports analyst's job.

Durant needs his own Safe Space or something, because has some of the thinnest skin I've ever seen.
He's been shit for years stop crying just because not everyone gets the pass you get.
kevin durant opening his mouth about something that doesn't involve him, what a surprise
More proof that players are terrible at evaluating talent.
...Also he probably raped someone.
He's playing like shit, you big baby.
Ok Kevin. Next time Kobe shoots 4-20 we'll talk about how all of his shots hit the rim. Great job Kobe! Almost!

Dude needs to chill with this hatred for the media. They're not insulting Kobe, they're stating facts. 
Durant has been absolutely savage lately
Just imagine what prime Kobe would have said to his teammate if that teammate was taking 17 shots a game shooting what Kobe is shooting, and taking the shots he's taking. 

But let's not criticize Kobe. 
Eh, don't play like shit then. 
[deleted]
Everybody in here defending the media is braindead, these aren't journalists he's talking about it's tabloid trash, drivel, jargon. Fuck them, you know what the deal is KD. You don't have to give them a soundbite.
Its the same as it was with Derek Jeter. They played well past their prime. They are kept for a departure tour when they could be replaced with a rookie and the team would be better off. This is professional sports, the player that helps the team more should be playing. And if you don't like being talked bad about play better or don't play at all. Yes, Kobe is an undeniable legend. But that doesn't excuse poor performance at the professional level. If you can't take the heat, stay out of the kitchen.
what the fuck does he want the media to do? he IS playing like shit and it obviously IS time for him to hang it up. does he want the media to pander to the players rather than the fans? thats just idiotic. like the top comment says, I love KD but thats just illogical and shows that he doesn't even understand the basic function and purpose of the media
So uh telling the truth about how a player plays on the court is too far now KD?

Man, if KD does leave to a big market, their media is going to eat him alive.
Thank you, Kevin Durant. Your opinion on this is right on the money. 
Everyone says they like Kobe but no one steeped up to play with him. Might be a nice guy to know but he's a shitty coworker
Durant has entered the unnecessarily feisty zone. 
It is hard to give Kobe a pass when he is the highest paid player in the league.  Yes Kobe is a legend, but he isn't playing like it and he is getting called out for that fact.  At least he'll be a huge reason the Lakers have a real shot at the no.1 pick this year.
What a joke guy got 75 over 3 years to plunge his team to shit? Shouldn't get paid for what you did but what you'll do.
Durant is such a bitchboy did members from the media fuck his mom or something? seriously fuck off Durbitch
I'm sick of this "leave Kobe alone!" posts.

He's playing like shit. We're obviously going to talk about it. It's noteworthy because it's so odd to see. It does not take away from his past accomplishments - no one is suggesting that.

People are being so damn defensive about Kobe man.
Maybe he shouldn't play so shitty then 
I love to punch Durant in the mouth. 
What a brat. Win something man. 
Kevin Durant is getting on my nerves.
But Kobe does suck when you go 4 for 20 and you are around other shit.  Obviously if Kobe were on a better team right now, he wouldn't be retiring right now.  
nan
Well Kevin, Kobe didn't really go about retiring in a legendary fashion.  One of the all time greats shouldnt feel "forced" because he's admittedly said he feels like the worst player in the league right now "before" this announcement. If he had done it in proper fashion before the season - let's be honest it's the final year in his contact, he's not a ring chaser, Kobe is different.
I have to agree. I normally enjoy SBnation but they have been shitting all over Kobe and it's not even slightly funny. Rag on him all you want but maybe on the day he announces his retirement you could take a break.
He may be a legend but I criticise him because he's a bad teammate and he's always been a poor volume shooter. He's a legend because he's been able to piggyback of other people's success (Shaq and Gasol and Jackson) and people think it's 100% Kobe. 
Durant's one of the biggest Kobe stan's in the NBA so it's not a surprise that he would react like a 12 year old Kobe fan in reaction to people criticizing Kobe.
Man KD should just stfu and play. He started as the good guy and media darling. Then he keeps talking crap and crap aplaying victim. He should shut it down and just play. 
Uh, yeah. He's playing bad so the media is going to say that. If he was playing good they'd be talking about him just as much. Durant's starting to get cringey with these comments. 
8/8 title.  Don't post to anywhere but /r/NBA though.
Well they're playing at Target Center..
I couldn't understand how that guy missed that layup.

But then i saw it was Tony Allen
Zach "Austin Rivers" Lavine
I thought I was in /r/news...
I hope to see this in r/combinedgifs with this one

 http://i.imgur.com/hb5Xq.gif
The second fall actually looked he was hit by something lol. Too funny.
It could've been the same sniper though
It's really sad that so many people had to be concerned or shocked by the title due to its literal meaning being well within the realm of possibility. What a fucked up world we live in. Peace and love to all of you.
I didn't see any connection between "snipers" and "suicide bombers" until these comments.
I was expecting to see a compilation of guys from the Timberwolves hitting 3s
#PrayforLavine
Something about the way very tall people fall cracks me up.
I didn't know this was in /r/NBA and got extremely scared for a second
Damn, man. The way news has been lately I saw this and my heart sank. Wish the world would calm down enough for silly titles not to cause that reaction anymore.
Shaqting here we come!
Link trap made me think Minnesota had amazing 3 ball game tbh
I saw this on /r/NBA a few hours ago and didn't click, thinking "Timberwolves must be hitting some 3s." Then I just saw it on /r/all a few minutes ago and I was like "Oh shit, another tragedy?!"

You got me twice.
Multiple ~~snipers~~ Austin Rivers in Minnesota
Second shooter was on the grassy knoll
complete with classic Tony Allen finish
Jesus fucking christ I thought there were actually people sniping people in Minnesotta. 
Goddamnit OP. I saw this through a multireddit and thought it was from /r/news and thought "wtf? Again??" 
MONSTER KILL
Given recent events I was expecting this to be so much more tragic. Should have looked at the subreddit first
Can someone please put a scope on the screen aiming at them lol. 
might've been the paris attacks, but I saw the title and was legit scared this was real
Great title. If people can't see the humor in it then the terrorists have won. 
the fuck? I don't see any sni
Lmao at you people trying to be politically correct, get over yourselves.
This may be the worst 9 seconds of basketball I've ever seen. Memphis didn't even score on the fast break...
someone give that floor waxer a raise
Nah man, there was only one sniper, one shot. It is the magic-bullet all over again.
I live in Minnesota. This post had me thoroughly scared lol
Fuck ISIS ! 
if this post hadn't made it to the front page, nobody would've taken it literally, so to all the people upvoting it, this is all your fault lol
lol that title
Holy fuck I just saw this in my r/front and it scared the fuck outta me. Hilarious gif tho
A+ title in r/all right now.
multiple? its just one 12 year old that banged your mom last night
Good god saw this on my front page and my heart skipped a beat.

10/10 title. 
SHAQTIN' A FOO
#prayforminnesota
Woah bro, too soon too soon. 
Damn this really scared me considering I'm from MN and all of my family is still there. 
The title scared me until I realized it's /r/NBA lol
Jim Barnett is pulling out his remaining hair right now and setting it ablaze
Memphis got to that REQ Level 6.
Monstars 
Triple Feed!
Here have an upvote you fuck
Or one really good one.
TRIPLE KILL
Did Minny get the hockey ring and the squeak shoes rink mixed up again? 
Someone dub gunshot sounds to this please
This is either multiple army snipers or 1 marine sniper.
Tony Allen gets sniped every game.
Sweet Space Jam 2 commercial!
Minny just loves austin rivers
BROTHER?
All that is missing is a little Benny Hill music
Lol damn... Saw this on front page without realizing which sub.. glad everyone in minny is ok
Lavine with the Austin Rivers special
How about not having titles like that right after a huge terrorist attack lol, shit made my heart skip a beat.
Shat bricks when I read the title
Oh shit I thought this was /r/news and that gave me a mini heart attack... but the gif is hilarious tho.
The headline is in poor taste.
MY heart skipped a beat
wtf don't write headlines like that man it gave me a heartattck for a sec before i realized it was in r/nba

Considering recent events this really should have been resubmitted with a different title. 
Maybe rethink the title next time considering all of the terrorism in the news...?
Awful title OP. 
https://twitter.com/cjzero/status/453005280238784512
Thank goodness. After all the events of the last few weeks, I was worried this would be about actual shooting.
ME.

*reads link*

"Wha-?"

*clicks link*

"Nonononononono!"

*watches link*

"kekekek"
Uhm. Yeet?
Did they play this game in Okinawa?
You clickbaited us all
Come on man
Awesome title.
Too soon. 
[deleted]
fucking freaked me out man fuck off
Can someone please explain what's up with /r/NBA?
[deleted]
too soon
As someone who doesn't watch NBA, that title was sketchy 
pretty poor choice of words considering the events around the world. GG
seriously, titles with snipes, guns, murders, death related title should stop for now, it's not a good time.
Talk about click bait....
Bad title. Bad, bad title.
Jesus Christ....shittiest title ever.
that embellishment made me irrationally angry and I don't even like basketball 
What is this? Futbol?
So when everyone fakes fouls, none get called?
I saw this on the front page and I was like, no way.
Lol cmon man timing
Poor taste.
Austin Rivers nods.
[deleted]
NBA is sinking pretty low. 
Who would have thought years later Mario Chalmers would be Memphis' unlikely savior. 
Really nice touch with the Chalmers face OP.
Especially when he can do things like [this](http://imgur.com/EvNj0y0)
inb4 3x NBA champion mario chalmers
You add the best player in the world and you become a better team, why is this surprising to anyone?
Well part of the reason for his success with the Grizzlies is because they've been running a play called "23" which they use for Courtney Lee too, which gets him wide-open jumpers and cuts to the hoop-[https://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQ](http://imgur.com/00Agzg5)
I'm pretty sure everyone is thankful for Mario Chalmers. Except those two girls he called out on twitter.
To be honest, Mario Chalmers is actually a decent player. He got so much shit from wade, lebron, and bosh in Miami. 

Shoots a 3 and makes it

*"thas ma boi! I told him to do that!"*

Shoots a 3 and misses (or any shot)

*"Who the fuck told you to do that!? Where did you learn to play!?"*
Dat face
He's playing with a chip on his shoulder. We dumped the guy for luxury tax reasons.
I was sad to see him go. I've always liked Rio and hoped he would retire with Miami. Glad to see he's doing well. #HeatNation wishes you the best 
Yeah I know it's a nice narrative to say " Wow Bosh Bron and Wade just dogged on this guy all day, he was being held back" but I have been watching the Heat for a long time and he does some REAL stupid shit ( don't get me wrong chalmers was OUR knucklehead and I have nothing but love for him ).

Real untimely fouls ( especially flagrant ), turnovers and drives that just would stagnate a run BUT he also had great moments a la steals or 3s as most of remember from the 2012 finals.

I'm glad he is doing really well on the Grizzlies but there's a saying in Spanish that could be translated to " A new broom always sweeps well". Be ready to take the good with the bad and don't get too mad at him.
Man.
He's better than Dragic. 
I mean I'm glad we got him, he's a pretty nice upgrade over Beno, but how many times are we going to credit Mario Chalmers for the Grizzlies' recent success? He brings some great new looks to the team, letting Mike play off the ball and be able to rest more among other things, but the real reason for our success is the stars playing like stars. Look at Mike/Marc early in the season compared to now. I love Chalmers and he improved our squad overall, but he's only a minor factor to our recent success.
Grizzlies were always one star away from great basketball. Now they have him.
I was actually expcting it to be the link in the OP
&gt; Grizzlies w/ 20+ fast break points in 4 of their last 5 games. They had 20+ in just 2 games last season.

https://twitter.com/johnschuhmann/status/669730547158163458

Chalmers has played in all 5 of those games.

Zbo only played in 1.
MARIO CHALMAS?!
That chalmers face has me dead.
Y'all so damn childish for his face lmao 
Rock Chalk!
Usually it's the opposing teams that are thankful for Mario. Great to see him playing well in a new situation.
Gasol lookin like Dumbledore fr
After all, he is the goat so what do you expect?
Luigi Chambles!
Christ you'd think they got LeBron James 
Chalmers face got me good. 
Thats 2 times NBA Champion Mario Chalmers to you
Mario Chalmers: what everyone wanted jeff green to be
I never understood why Chalmers never got more respect. He has won on every level, and has made big shots on every level. How man times does this guy have to win for people to respect him properly?
You are an artist.
I'm glad Chalmers is doing well there. I wish him and you guys the best...unless you play us. 
confirmed LeBron was holding him back and then Wade 
Trust me, we are.
Oh we are
Thanks Super Nintendo Chalmers! 
Lmao, the cartoon mario famous reddit pic.
The Destroyer of Memphis becomes the Savior of Memphis!
The mistreatment of Mario Chalmers in Miami is greatly exaggerated.

It was fun to goof on him, but he was a contributor to this team for a long time, and a lot of fans still consider him an all time Miami great.
He isn't old, washed up, or terrible like our backup PGs for the first time in his life VC is better than Kobe.
easily my favourite design from one of these infographics ever
Guy used to break my ankles in highschool up in Alaska.  Always knew he had what it took to go NBA but never expected all he accomplished.
GOAT
I really love when I make a correct call. I said this would be a great basketball move for them as he is exactly what they need to make the jump into a very good team. He is a very good spot up 3 point shooter and a good defender. 
amazing post dude, These graphics are always awesome
I never would of thought. I alway thought of him as the Miami accessory. I'm glad to see him contribute and be effective. 
I wish I could upvote twice because that Chalmer face caught me off guard LOL!!
To be honest, Mario Chalmers Abstract Mario Chalmers is actually a decent player.
Getting through this thread without clicking the Mario Chalmers face picture is the last level on Minesweeper.
I also just realized that Vince Carter is still on this Grizzlies team. Is he healthy? Probably for the first time in his life VC is better than Kobe.
Rio grandayyyyy
Can we get a heat with and without this season? 
Just a good front office decision to go out and get him
Memphis should really look at Nate Robinson
Jayhawks are still grateful!
He is the prodigal son of Memphis. Many eons ago he denied them of a championship, but he has returned to give the city glory far surpassing the former. 
You're god damn right!
Lmao. Chalmers face for the win. I'm so glad he's doing well and that he's being appreciated out there in memphis. Go Rio!
Mario CHALmAHrs
The way his mouth is detailed is hilariously perfect
Every team Chalmers played for won the finals.
TIL Mario Chalmers plays for the Grizzlies (as someone who watches very little nba)
so hes what they hoped jeff green would be?
People have been so overly critical of him its ridiculous. People treat him like a joke and thats always been annoying to me. He was such a stud at Kansas. A good defender and a capable distance shooter. Always bothered me the way he got shit on with reddit users.
SO who yells at Rio this time ?
He went back to back turnovers, or cramp up yell at him for the school and the city.
What happened to Nick Calathes, I remember he got suspended right after he got suspended right before the 2014 playoffs, and he improved our squad overall, but he's a solid player who made a lot of teams in the national title game for Kansas vs Memphis, which Kansas ultimately won.
Next level of Chalmers face. Can we get SVGs to scale it up as much as want? Not like it'll make a big difference, it's pretty crisp as is, but this is the bat signal of Chalmers face.
Jayhawk for life!!
Which means he is a good thing.
Proof Look at his best with a chip on his shoulder.
Rio's face is legendary. Thank you u/noahsbun
Christ you'd think they got LeBron James Chalmers face picture is the prodigal son of Memphis.
And thus, a dank meme was born Paper Mario Chalmers Abstract Mario Chalmers in Miami is greatly exaggerated.
Conley? aka, number 11 Lol yeah I forgot, new cap.
[deleted]
Who remembers when Lebron got mad at Chalmers on the bench against Indiana? Damn, I miss Chalmers getting shouted at by the Big 3.
[I am sad the Heat traded him away :(](http://i.imgur.com/NHXQGt5.jpg)
It was very obvious to most that Mario Chalmers was always despised and under appreciated in Miami. No disrespect to the organisation or fans, just saying I knew he wasn't a fit for the organisation and he could get plenty of love and court time in many other organisations.

This isn't a surprise for me at all, although I do believe Grizzlies will show him love.
And now if they could just stop calling him 'Rio that would be GREAAAAAAAAAAT.
Can we see one of these with the Timberwolves and Rubio too?
Especially if he keeps having games like this one against the thunder:

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cVYm4Qdby_U](http://s3.amazonaws.com/ruddo-prod/images/aad533218116619aabb8f8bc2353959bc2382b14/large.png?1390037339)
It helps that the golden state game gets removed for the post chalmers era.
"The NBA has given Blake Griffin $10,000"
After years of reffing young kids, I took the written test to become a high school ref a few weeks ago. The rule book in the state I live in has about 50 pages of what be best described as legalese. Point of interruption, team control and player control, common personal unsporting intentional flagrant and technical fouls. Calling the basics watching on TV is easy, but being on the floor, getting postiion, following the procedure, it's really a bit of work. So, good for Blake for at least trying to do it to see what it's like.

I can't even imagine what it's like at the nba level when millions of dollars are at stake and millions of people can watch your calls. Worse yet, there's a whole center of people looking over every call you make and going through  a review to see if you called every single action or not, and giving you a rating which influences how many games you get. That's insane.
The best part of Griffin reffing Little League games is that those irritating parents that scream at refs would probably think twice at yelling at a 6'10 250lb+ goliath. 
Good guy Blake. 
Doc Rivers : "It's not on Blake"
Blake Griffin is doing some big PR for the Clipper's reputation here on /r/NBA recently 
Blake always has the best and most politically correct answers. Dude is going to be a vice president for the Players Tribune at this rate.
Blake has the rare uncanny ability to be candid yet humble.
He's not wrong. I reffed for my high school's summer camp before my senior year and it was one of the hardest things I've ever done.
Stop making me like you...Mr. MVP Candidate.
Blake Griffin fined $10k for obliquely comparing NBA refs to "little league".
Very noble of you Blake of House Gryffindor.
Refs are gonna give him all the favorable calls now.  Blake is sly.
Agreed with him, all goal tending, even not called should be reviewable. The Heat had something similar happen that hurt.
Basketball is an incredibly difficult game to referee.  Most every game I ever played in resulted in me saying "OH COME ON" at least once, but I've only ever looked back a few games and thought that a referee was bad on purpose.  There was one ref I had in high school that absolutely hated me.  I got 3 very fast fouls called on me (one where I literally did not touch the player I was meant to have fouled).  I didn't say a word, but I was furious.  I was subbed out and took a walk out of the gym down the hall to cool off, slapping a big wooden panel above the door as I left.  It made a really loud noise and he gave me a technical.  4 fouls on me in the first 3 minutes of a game :(.
Wow, not complaining about the refs and he's on the Clippers. I like Blake more now.

Please come home some day. 
You can blame the refs for missing the original call, but it happens. After that point, they had to operate within the rules put in place by the NBA. The NBA should be on the hot seat for this, not the Refs.
I've ref'd basketball games from little kids up to Varsity high school. The speed at which you have to make calls for even high school is incredible, so I can't imagine what those NBA refs go through. I'll be honest, that if I had even a doubt I'd swallow my whistle. If it was clear, I'd make the call because I was going to have to back it up to the screaming coaches, players, families,etc. Not to mention that sometimes you just don't have the right angle or a player blocks your view. I can say that I've heard slaps on the arm when bringing up shots, but because I couldn't see it, I couldn't call it. And the truth is, if it wasn't clear I want the players deciding the game, not me as a ref. 

With replay, it really sucks that these types of game changing plays can't always be reversed, because as a ref you want the correct calls to be made. You just can't always be the one to do it. 
Can someone please ensure Jose "The Cunt" Mourinho sees this.
It wouldn't have mattered if we cut down on turnovers or shot atleast 30% from 3. But it still sucks.
Thank you. I say shit like this all the time and people hate hearing it. I'm not Blake Griffin though.

I don't see how a ref who misses a call should die in a fire, while a player (who is payed exponentially more!) can miss the majority of his free throws and it's all good.
Good on Blake.
I think Little League may be even harder. I ump'd a baseball game for 12 year olds once for a friend who was sick. Those parents will eat you alive. 

I remember some slob in a trucker hat saying I should've been aborted when only what I can assume was his son went down on 3 pitches. 
[deleted]
It's hard for me not to like Blake. 
I honestly like Blake Griffin more and more. He's clearly not happy with what happened, but he manages to be subtle about it and acknowledges that the refs are but human.
Blake is one of my favorite players in the league regardless of any "rivalry". Dude is just a great player, he's playing like the 2nd best player in the league right now. 
This is the most unclipper thing ever said by a clipper player in regards to basketball...
"I"M NOT TRYING TO ARGUE THAT.  I"M TRYING TO ARGUE THIS."
I have honestly always felt that way when it comes to reffing. It is a damn hard job and humans are perfect so mistakes can and will be made. I watched my brother play basketball for over 13 years and NBA refs are about as good as you are gonna get. All you can really do is minimize errors and be consistent with rule enforcement.
Why can't you just be the villains that this league needs, Clippers?
Mad respect to Blake for this comment. It's so easy to get mad at refs but he shows a lot of maturity here
What a completely reasonable thing to say. Good on him.
Class.
reffing is one of the most difficult things ive ever done.  i constantly wanted to just get out of there.
You want to cut down on complaints from NBA players about refs? Make them all ref couple of high school games.
Imagine a life in the UK where our football players were nice people like this 
Yesterday i got my referee diploma at 3 o clock. I agreed to ref at 4 o clock. Needless to say it didnt go well
Blake has gain REf points. Please redeem for And-Ones
FUCK BLAKE GRIFFIN ^even ^though ^he's ^pretty ^cool
Didn't get to catch the game but I saw the play. Why didn't they review it?
I'm sure its even worse these days with how whiny and bitchy modern players are
Can he still be fine for criticizing the refs even though he's criticizing them in a positive way. 
The thing is that refs are just an easy target and mistakes like these reinforce that. People will always find ways to blame the refs (in any sports), it's just an ungrateful job. Luckily NBA refs get paid a ton, but even then you have to have a thick skin.
I think we are all okay on missed called, like missing a travel for instance. The fact that the refs have to watch 10 of some of the quickest and most athletic beings on the planet zipping around the court all at the same time for dozens of calls that can occur any second is not easy. It's the blown calls that I'm upset with. Those are mistakes in judgment, especially for goaltending because when the ball goes up there isn't really all that much else to look for.
this reminds me of this time i was in a league where they didn't have refs and they literally begged me to ref their game for them. I tried so hard to refuse, promised them I would suck at it, etc. to no avail. So sure enough I ref the game, actually did a pretty good job, but nevertheless numerous guys got in my face and were pissed as hell that they did or didn't get several calls. You couldn't pay me enough to do that again
I reffed a bunch of sports 2 years ago when I was an official, and Reffing basketball is a lot of fun for someone that played his whole life, but not easy to do without a very clear understanding of basketball and a good eye. The refs aren't cyborgs and in the speed of the game, a call like that isn't easy to catch. Glad Blake had the maturity to accept and understand this and take the time to try to take pressure off that ref. Plus refs hate the Clippers and I'm sure they'll appreciate one of their leaders coming out in their defense 
I'll take how to avoid a fine for 200 Alex 
Blake ft. NBA - Hot Line
like what they said "reffin aint easy..."
I reffed basketball intramurals, I can confirm it's hard as hell
I think everyone should have to ref a little game at least once in their life. All those angry parents yelling at you because some kid accidentally tripped over some other kid while your back was turned (or something stupid like that) is incredibly annoying, frustrating, and infuriating. I can't yell at a ref anymore without feeling pretty bad lol. It's a very humbling experience 
So what Blake is saying is...they missed a call.  Fine incoming.
Blake's playing the long game. 
Wait. A player acknowledging that refs are human?
Blake with the goodwill commentary.
Love Blake
translation: "IM GONNA KILL YOU MOTHER FUCKERS!"
Now i know the location of David Stern's dick.
I used to hate Blake Griffin but I have to say that he is growing on me as a good guy. 
Smart man.  He'll get some calls his way soon.
I really don't want to like blake griffin for some reason but i just can't help to like him.
Mad respect for this. Wish more fans would adopt this idea as opposed to "The refs/commissioner/league screwed x team" nonsense.
Hmm how's r/NBA gonna find a way to turn this around on Blake...
Blake playing the long game.

Hoping for the no-calls during the Playoffs

A wise man indeed.
The NBA really needs to give HC 2-3 challenges per game for these situations.  If the refs are clearly wrong and it's a deadball situation, i want the right calls to be made.
Good guy Griff
'I'm here so I don't get fined'
Gonna go for that title run, better play nice nice with reffies from the start!
Excellent PR answer. 
"Lolclips"
"They are a bunch of losers"
"They are a bunch of knucleheads"

No, this is representative of our team.
ugghhhh dude blake f*** off man, Im trying my hardest not to like you, but with all these KIA commercials and reasonable quotes your making it really hard.
He is going to get released from the Clippers if he keeps acting reasonable like this. Chris Paul will not have it.
This sounds like an opinion a Redditor would give to pass themselves off as a reffing expert.
Then tell cp and doc to stop acting like the refs raped and murdered their children after getting obvious calls right?
Kobe knows this is his final farewell and he's having fun.  The old Kobe would have had his mamba death stare on till after the game.
[Stu Lantz on the mic makes it so much better. You're welcome.](https://youtu.be/fhcjbUT2bzw?t=24s)
I just want at least a game where he goes off one last time before he retires
That smile is contagious.
Such a bittersweet moment. Normally making a shot like that would be absolutely meaningless to Kobe unless he ultimately won the game. But these days, he's so happy to experience even a transient taste of his former greatness. 
Did PG wipe away a tear?
Sorry to divert away from Kobe, but can we please take a moment to appreciate George's barber. That fade is cool as fuck
I can't get over how wierd his release is this year, but what a great moment considering he just announced his retirement.
That was a beautiful moment.
I first thought he was smiling at his daughter on the front row, but then I realized he was laughing at PG because KOBE!!!
Is it just me or is he telling PG that he's got a booger sticking out? And then George picks it at the end
Even Kobe is dabbing. http://imgur.com/3P6Fcu6
I don't know how to properly describe it but it seemed to me that after Kobe hit that shot almost whole his career flushed suddenly in front of his eyes and then he remembered that it was his last year and people acting up that he is not what he used to be and just started laughing with the voices in his head. Pure evil genius!
[Thought I'd share a graphic I did for BR](https://www.facebook.com/bleacherreport/photos/a.10150274478951006.330140.7331091005/10153649466036006/?type=3&amp;theater)

Gonna miss this guy
r/nbaww so cute omg
At least now people won't get on him for missing a few shots. 
Kobe loves basketball more than I will ever love anything or anyone in my life. 

Side note: this makes me upset at myself even though I'm proud of what I've accomplished through my last year of college so far but the fact that I don't think I have this much, or even half as much, passion for anything makes me feel like no matter what I can achieve, I will never be as fulfilled as someone who has that inherent love for anything, regardless of their skill/talent/accomplishment level
If nothing else told me it was his time to go, this did. I don't think Kobe's ever smiled in the closing minutes of a close game until this year. 
He know he don't suck, but in the midst of his age slump, this one had to be the sweetest shot ever. 
Its crazy seeing his daughters so grown up now. It's like how seeing how much Jason Kidd's son had grown up now. 
Since he's announced his retirement, that's a ton of weight off his shoulders. Going to see a lot more smiles like this the rest of the season, and that can only mean good things for their young core.
That was awesome just to see his smile but this was his follow up shot that would have tied that game... 

http://gfycat.com/AmusingHeavyGrassspider
I've been demeaning Kobe's game for years for his one-man army style of play that took away from the team game.  But even a hater like me could never outright deny the legitimacy of his game.  He was a stone cold-blooded killer on the floor.  He was the Mamba.

I wiped the slate clean with Kobe yesterday after reading his love letter to basketball.  He's ready to move on and so should I.

This is the first Kobe highlight I've seen through the lens of a Kobe fan and not a Kobe hater.  I hope to see many more.

Before letter:  "Fuckin' Kobe."
After letter:  "Fuckin eh, Kobe!"
What - on earth - is up with those Pacers uniforms?! 
I need one more Mike Breen "BANNGGGGG!!!" for Kobe before he retires.
Fuck the Lakers and all but I love Kobe's smile.
those two guys have...odd claps.
I don't usually like it when a player shrugs after making one shot, but if there was ever an exception, it'd be after that one.
I think it is first time that I  saw honest smile from him. Very heartwarming. 
More importantly whats up with Paul George's haircut 
This whole season will be a tearjerker 
I've never seen Kobe smile that big.
I never appreciated prime Kobe enough, I watched Jordan and then I got back into it around D Rose's MVP year. 

Sure he was *Kobe*, this insanely unstoppable player who could score at will... but he was a Laker and I didn't care about basketball enough to watch Laker games outside of a couple finals with my friends who were into it. Last year I started watching a ton of streams and it was more silly than sad to watch the Mamba's inability to overcome age and injury. This year it became sad because I couldn't help but wonder if he really had lost it completely. I think the whole team breathed a sigh of relief (maybe not Byron) when he made his announcement and they really played energized through the end of that fourth quarter. I was laughing my ass off when Kobe came back in and the chat exploded, I legitimately thought it was over. Then he fucking made that shot... not to win but to punctuate the announcement of his retirement. Everyone smiled with him because his drive is contagious, he wants to succeed so intensely you want it to happen for him. That shot brought tears to my eyes because all I've been thinking about recently is human Kobe who can't ball at that level anymore and when it went in it made me realize the man I've been watching is a uniquely legendary human being. 
Looking at this, I think Kobe is just soaking up as much as he can for the remainder of the season.  I really hope he is able to finish this season healthy.
Who else here feels incredibly old after seeing how grown up his daughter is now
you gotta think Kobe's just like "Fuck me, how did I manage that?" before realizing, "oh yeah, I'm Kobe. The crazier the shot, the more chance it goes in".
I hope he walks away into the sunset after 2016 olympics. No matter what anybody says it was Kobe who brought the US back to gold. 
Any true basketball fan, love him or hate him, would smile at this too. 
Now imagine as if they were laughing at Paul George's fade in this gif.

By the way I think the fade looks awesome.
fuck im gonna cry
Kobe sneak dabbin
"I like sex, is nice!"
Still waiting for the final chapter of the Hollywood story. Kobe adjusts to his new jump less shooting motion and slowly regains confidence working his way from detrimental veteran to overwhelming force as he rallied this young lakers team to the playoffs. First round is against the 77-5 Warriors, 7 game series and instant classic "passing the torch" moment. Only Kobe doesn't know how to let things be and he fucks around and matches Currys every shot in game 7 and adds on the dagger 3 on top to win it all. Do they make it all the way? Do we get the long sought after Kobe v LeBron finals? Or does he go out as a hero after taking down the leagues new powerhouse and humbling them, right before walking away into the sunset? 
Even though I'm a Pacers fan and thought we might lose I couldn't help but smile and get a little misty eyed when Kobe hit that 3. It's kinda weird watching sports now and realizing these guys are about the same age as me are retiring. 
I'm so happy for Kobe

He's got it all. Even if things aren't working for him this year. He can retire knowing he's greatly influenced the game of basketball and that he can live life with his beautiful family.
Dammit im beginning to like Kobe. You guys need to stop shitting on him so i can go back to shitting on him.
Ball is fucking life. 
He's laughing; I'm crying.
Sure he was dabbin as a joke Even Kobe is the greatest player to play on the floor.
He has that diabolical laugh going on like he's Dr evil and just asked for a hundred thousand dollars.


(are Austin Powers references still cool?) 
That reaction says, "Just kidding guys, I'm not retiring"
Damn Kobe smiling even after airballing the last 3 made me nearly cry. He's having fun out there.
Kobe with the light dab on em.
Holy shit does Paul George have a worm on his head?!

I will love Kobe the basketball player no matter what. 
seeing him hit some of those shots triggered my PTSD
The dude in red looks like an old Michale Kidd Gilchrist lol.
Look at the fans in the background. Kobe has achieved God status. 
that makes me smile like an 8 year old kid
One of the last times Kobe is ever going to hear that Staples Center crowd after a big shot like that. It's overwhelming and really special that this shot happened on the day of his announcement.
Is it me or does Kobe look physically drained like lost 100lbs or something?
you know you are playing like shit when you react like this
Oh man, I'm gonna miss this man. 
I couldn't stop smiling when I saw him smiling. I'm gonna miss my childhood idol
I loved watching this game so much, Kobe looked like He is just out there having fun, enjoying His last season. I was never a Kobe fan, but it made me so happy yesterday :)
I love when Kobe smiles on the court. Its like catching a glimpse of a unicorn or something.
Kobe = "JK i'm gonna rule you bitches for another 10,000 years"
Paul George: "Aw hell no, I did *not* leave the South Side for this shit."
That's the most genuine smile from him
This is so sad and heartwarming. And I grew up rooting against the dude. 
The thing about it is, people will appreciate Kobe for more than just his game. In LA, they love Kobe. Kobe retiring is a sign that the Lakers may be more mediocre than they currently are. Laker fans most likely won't worry about wins or losses this season. They will consider this a goodbye tour. Then, bitch about the team next season. 
He seems so much happier after finally calling it. Like, a huge weight is off his shoulders and now he can just enjoy the game again.
He was thinking, "I didn't even think it would rim, lol"

Then he proceeded to airball the next shot.
Dude's just thinking about the time he got away with some stuff in Colorado.
was this before or after he airballed the game winner?
[deleted]
Too bad the Lakers still suck. Without Kobe this team would be winless with the 76ers.  
I think he was laughing at George's hair. There's some weird shit going on in there
Did anyone else get the feeling that PG was giving kobe open looks at the end of the game? Especially on this made three pointer...PG plays lazy defense. I wonder if players are going to go easy on Kobe so that he can have a twilight run in his final year?
I think PG was just into winning the game and did not seemed to give a fuck about what was going on.
Next shot was an air ball?
I mean the dude still took way too many shots a game, did some very bad things when he was younger and was kind of a jerk. So I can't say I'm too beat up over it

But he also has 5 rings and the current record for most points in a game, as well as being the 2nd best SG of all time and probably what... Top 15 player of all time? I feel weird about it being any higher as he never had a season MVP (check my facts could be wrong)

 I hate the Lakers and his inefficient style of play. It just sells jerseys and is for those annoying kids at the park who have to call out someone's name when they shoot.
 Gotta respect the man's game though. Tailored his body for every stage of his career until it just wasn't possible anymore.


George is like "Why you laughing? You aint winning this game anyway"


It's sad how every time kobe hits a shot people went crazy. Kobe hitting a shot these days is a rare sight .
Most overrated player of all-time
And then they lost. Why is this the top post? 
Bro, I thought they were gonna shoot like 3 times before they did and it would still be sexy.
This is what happens when every person on the floor can dribble and create. This is what the spurs looked like in the 14 finals 
In case your phone's pixels are teeny: that is curry and klay passing up 3 opportunities to Barbaosa. 
How could this be sexy if "Sexy" Mo Speights didn't even touch the ball?
The way the crowd builds up - it's like a slow creeping orgasm, with multiple false ends and just enough teasing to get you off. 
As a coach, the Dubs are one team I would love to tell my team to watch and learn from but then you have Steph taking fast break 3s.
Kobe would have shot that ball 5 passes ago.
The offensive power on this team is absurd. Curry's contract is by far the best (non-rookie) in the league. Let's them have this roster steaming with talent
Stupid sexy warriors...
Clyde's comment kept playing in my head while this played on a loop:

"Keep the ball moving, defenders can not outrun the ball."


I'm sure if you asked SVG, he'd go "we did our job on that play", and that's the scary part. You can execute and prevent a shot from Curry/Thompson at all costs. But GS just has a line of guys waiting to take that shot. Sure they might not hit it as well as the Splash Brothers, but they are still far above average relative to their NBA peers. So yeah, you can play the percentages, but GS is just that good
Damn it. They're turning into the Spurs but with the NBA's best shooters. Why didn't someone else think of this?
That was awesome, but the most amazing part is when Steph doesn't take that corner three after the fly by.
The confidence Barbosa has to have to take that shot. He just saw two of the best shooters pass up good looks, just to get him the ball. If he misses it, he looks like a plug. On the flip side. The trust that Steph and Klay have, trusting their teammates will do it right. Not alot of superstars have a team they can trust and that is what makes the GSW so good.
[since no one else has posted it yet](http://i.imgur.com/GfJNU68.gifv)
Today in Warriors or Globetrotters
I'm so glad Barbosa is doing well, I love that guy.
After watching last night I knew this was the clip before I even had to click , perfectly executed. 
IF YOU DON'T LIKE THAT, YOU DON'T LIKE NBA BASKETBALL.
Jaw drops
I though it was just going to be curry pulling up FROM 30. 
That's moving the ball without any thought, without any agenda
This kind of ball movement also reminds me of this years lakers. Just kidding. 
You can't defend this.
Luke Walton for COTY. 
Greg Popovich has to chuckle to himself at winning the battle in the mind of Steve Kerr for what kind of offense to run. Phil Jackson's Triangle lost out. But of course now Pop essentially has to go up against himself now.
The Golden State Spurs 
Definitely thought Curry was going to pop that three after the fly by but it only got better
Perfection
Steph Curry attracts two defenders both times he has the ball. It's amazing how much he opens up the floor for his teammates.
I am cavs fan but god-damn that was good
damn
[Basically](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vyeKAkMwCpw)
I was watching this game live and the first thing I thought was, "Damn, can't wait to see this sequence again on reddit."
Not seeing a lot of fellow Cavs fans commenting here...

We scurred.
Fully torqued
If you don't like that you don't like Spurs basketball!
League is fucked.

Again.
I don't like basketball, but that was fly as hell. Color me impressed, would watch again.
It reminds me of a tennis match when 1 player is just standing in the middle sending volleys side to side, making the other guy run, just toying with him and wearing him down until he decides to hit the kill shot.
Unselfish and beautiful basketball at its best!
Granted that nobody has an injury, I predict the warriors will break the longest win streak and have most wins in a season this year.
thats some Spurs like shittt
Take notes Kevin McHale...
That play was beatiful, thats why I love GSW and SAS
It's like the Spurs but also different
I AM CURIOUS AS TO HOW WE CAN MAKE THIS ABOUT THE SAN ANTONIO SPURS.
An underrated part of this is the big men clearing the lane instead of expecting an immediate shot &amp; trying to position for an offensive rebound. All 5 guys on point.
Yea they were stunning to watch last night. I was mostly impressed by their defense. Man.... it was stifling.

I'm proud of my pistons for playing well so far this year, but watching a full game of the warriors was absolutely stunning.
shit was like good to great to great to great to great
That is some Spurs level ball movement right there. Beautiful! 
Spurs BEEN doing this
Damn that must be frustrating as hell for a team to guard. Warriors ball movement was able to shift Pistons defense to one side then bang swing back to the other side 
This is such a great play.
That aint no fukin triangle. It's beautiful 
That's my favourite kind of sexy
That was nice!

As a Pistons fan, of course I wasn't expecting a win but it's fun to watch this team learn from mistakes under SVG.
GS are so fun to watch, in case you live under a rock
Poetry in motion.
There are few things that are more beautiful to watch than basketball when its done right. 
I found myself shouting "ONE MORE!" about 5 times on that possession. Turns out the warriors knew better than me when to actually throw one more pass.
I get to watch this team play for $15 on Thursday...
It's like the Spurs!  At least three guys deserved an assist on that play, including the guy who scored!
I hate them but that was beautiful.
i hate to be the team that has to play those two teams back to back. ... 
[I think both me and Mr. McMahon agree that this might be the best display of passing](http://media.giphy.com/media/l41lMPibFeK6PfFEQ/giphy.gif)
God damn I love this team.
RB&gt;Y&gt;RB&gt;B&gt;RB&gt;A&gt;RB&gt;B&gt;RB&gt;X&gt;X
Shared this with my ultimate frisbee team to show how to pass to one another. My lord.
to be honest, Spurs do this too. 
I don't even feel bad that we lost to them. Just too good of a team.
Taking some notes from the spurs I see
simply the best, better than all the rest
That possession was so lucky....
So lucky to have been watching this for years now.
Tbh, two extra passes there steph shouldve just taken the corner three. 
They took some notes from my Spurs for sure, playing like a good championship team.  


Steph Curry with tha pass boi
that looks like PURE LUCK to me
As much as I hate to say it, that looks like the Spurs.
Look at all those illegal screens 
As a Spurs fan, welcome to the club. I always called these spursgasams what would be the Warriors equivalent?
Mathew Berry you're drunk, go home.
How is Barbosa doing for them? I don't follow basketball that much.
LB's shot is a signt to behold.
Of all people to make the 3, barbosa made it. Really?
coach Walton. 8-0 record on the regular season
There's a defender within 5 feet of me, better pass. Repeat until open.
Awful rotations by the guy guarding curry, he just stops moving after getting beat on the screen.
Think about how tired those players are as they try to convert to offense. 
At first I was thinking that curry should've shot the short corner 3. But then they played the option of breaking down the defense mentally and physically. 

Going back though, curry 3s usually erupt the crowd, and really, for Detroit you want anyone but curry and Klay shooting the 3.


Not like it matters now though
This takes me back to middle school ball where we had to pass 5 times before a shot could me made. 
Good lord it's like they all synced up with nanobots like in MGS4
Wow, they could've even gone one more to the left at the end.  Maybe not enough time.
Warriors are literally a highlight factory team. After every game of theirs r/NBA is filled with highlights from them. 
Imagine if they did this for a whole game—defenders would get really frustrated and the other team would get really tired out
Jesus, the only thing I notice is that Steve Blake is still in the league.  I will take things that I never thought would happen for 1000 please.
This is sexy. 
Tolliver probably never should have switched and then KCP got lost at the free throw line. The rest was just taking advantage of that fuck up.
Great ball movement. But why wouldn't Steph take that shot? Even with KCP closing out after Stephs pump- thats still a shot Steph easily gets off.
[Very solid play!](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/CCHdqncUoAAmeEK.png)
This team looks unstoppable
As a bulls fan....I wish he had movement like this. 
They are for sure the best contenders IMO to win it again.
Now that's what I like to call...a very solid play
This is some ABA shit going on...so beautiful. 
I'd rather have either of those Curry 3s tbh.
Reminds of the 04-05 Illini
Damn that's some good basketball.
5 Players, 5 touches. Fundies.
Damn. That was some fuckin basketball.
So, are we not doing 'phrasing' anymore? 
Yeah seriously, good luck defending that one and feeling absolutely rooted after 5 minutes of chasing the ball around.
Imagine if you were the guy who missed the shot after beautiful ball movement like that.
Phrasing....
how you do dat
https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/3s9nve/the_warriors_ballmovement_is_simply_sexy/
Can't wait to see them on Thursday.   I hope the wolves win though!
What is this hard thing in my pants? Is this what an erection feels like?
Warriors are in mid season form, while everyone else is still trying to figure it out. 
Definition of team
The Best!
"That's a violation" -Byron Scott
It's enough to make a Suns fan jealously weep. 
It feels like they have less ball movement this year. Is it just me? O_O
Damn! Just wow! 
shampionship
Suns fan watching on my mobile phone and I can still tell that is Barbosa just from his goofy jump shot mechanics.
pretty sure that shit is illegal in a few states down south
who on the warriors can't shoot a 3? Bogut, Ezeli, livingston, Speights(his mid range game dough same as livingston)
Mmmmmm, yeah, baby. Where's my wad of ones at to make it rain on the floor for that sexiness?
This is why they'll more than likely repeat as champions. 
I'm more impressed that draymond didn't try to dunk on three people and get blocked like usual
Haha too bad barbosa has one of the ugliest shots in the league and had to toilet bowl the basket. Great play though 
So Spurs like...
Lakers have the sexiest ball movement in the league if im gonna be completely honest
could've made one more pass to draymond on the baseline for the easy lay lol
I'm obviously biased but they've been my favorite team to watch this season. 
Is this NBA basketball? Where's the overpaid diva calling for ISO then proceeding to yell at his teammates after he misses a heavily contested fade-away jumper?
I'd say BB should've further passe it to BDD for an easy layup.
No, the defense is really shitty.
If Barbosa is scoring, you know they going to be championship. 
Obviously that result was nice but two more passes into the paint would have resulted in a nice looking dunk probably.
Holy Cow! Another team taking tons of threes per game!!!!!

God I hate the state of the current NBA.
Big deal, it's called ball movement. It's called "fundamentals."

Is it any surprise Steve Kerr is coaching the team? He understands what this is! The NBA forgot about this for years.
How the hell do you even defend that... it's terrifying...
The sheer amount of hacking from Draymond was pretty staggering. That screen was pretty questionable too.

I get liking Draymond when he's on your team, but holy shit is he dirty.
The comments in this thread are so stupid. Do you get it, 30 million followers, Steph's jersey number is 30. 10 million followers, Messi's jersey number is 10. There's no shade here ... 
Messi has Curry on his connections in 2k 
pretty cool. had no idea Messi even followed basketball until the other day when he put up his little piece on Kobe 
I LOVE THE BASKETBALL SOCCER BROTHERSHIPHOOD
Meanwhile Cristiano sending LeBron his signed jersey.
I don't know why Kobe and Curry are bothering with Messi. Do they not know Vardy yet?
It's funny how people here are always rippin on the media for sensationalized headlines, yet the top comment is about Messi throwing shade when he's being jokeful and playful, shade sounds so drastic hah. 
Keep in mind too that Steph Curry became a somewhat house hold name in the past year, Messi has been one for a long time, obviously Steph won't have 30mil anytime soon, and its not a competition for them.
Also, if it hasn't been made clear to most Steph wears the number 30 and Lionel the number 10.  
Internal thought process browsing Messi'e Instagram: millisecond 1: wow the Kibe pic only got 779 likes?!? 
Millisecond 3: 'oh there's a 'k' there' 
Out with the old, in with the new. Messi has moved on from Kobe already....
Messi doesn't have to go outside of his clubhouse to see [some lights-out shooting](http://img01.lavanguardia.com/2013/02/28/Juan-Carlos-Navarro-durante-el_54367875531_54028874188_960_639.jpg).
curry needs 4 million more followers, people, let us make this happen: how do we reach those kids?
Love this! FC Barcelona loves basketball and I'm glad tremendous athletes like Messi and Steph are able to link up on social media like this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CW2xlIGHRvA
Real recognize real.
Lmao at ppl comparing Messi to stephen curry...
That's cool that he sent him a signed jersey...

But as a "congratulations" for getting to 30 million Instagram followers? Is it not obvious that Messi is one of the most famous athletes in the universe right now?
Wow steph'a marketing team must be working hard to get his name more known outside of US
For what it's worth, Basketball has one of the biggest international reaches of any sport.  Far more than Baseball and Football.
GOATS? What does that mean?

You mean GOATs? As in multiple "greatest of all time" players?
If this was Ronaldo, then yes it would have been a backhanded compliment.

Messi is the biggest football/soccer star today and the past few years, ofcourse he is more popular than any basketball player. You cannot compare the popularity of the two sports.
http://www.cooperativa.cl/noticias/site/artic/20151127/imag/foto_0000000120151127102154.jpg messi is a knick fan
Seems like a little side shade from Messi, no?   
edit:  I understand the context now.  All the same, athletes are pretty competitive and I would imagine at worst it was probably a friendly jab.  
I'll send Messi a Snickers when I reach 200!
Messi with JJ Watt

https://pbs.twimg.com/media/COKlnsAWoAAdd6h.jpg
I just realized Steph's IG profile pic is his daughter photoshopped onto his head. Kinda freaked me out for a sec.
Steph's the GOAT? TIL.
I can't imagine ever giving another top sportsperson my jersey, saying 'Hey I signed this for you'...if I was Curry status


I wonder if their social media accounts are run by the same people, and this is something they thought up to gain followers for both.

Or maybe I'm just cynical.
Love the tag. "Just goat things"
Messi with the ether
Steph really trying to make friends with Messi
I wonder how this would have been exchanged if there was no instagram. 
Steph is taking over the world
damn i dont follow football but how long has messi had that full sleeve for? 
Steph's signature is cool as shit.  
Seeing different sports players interact always reminds me of Randy Moss-Kevin Garnett days. Good ol' times
Lol
curry, that is an honor, regardless of how big an NBA star you are. 
"Messi doesn't have 10 million followers?"

Oh lol
Is Stephen Curry the Leo Messi of the NBA?
Or is Leo Messi the Stephen Curry of the Liga (Spanish Soccer League)?
such a  weird thing for him to congratulate, you'd think like 30 goals in some stretch of time would make more sense or something, odd.
lol
Can someone please tell me what that last emoji is supposed to be? 
It almost kind of feels like he is throwing shade, but that is ridiculous. 


[Cross posting this to /soccer doesn't seem to go as well](http://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/3vibf3/goats_leo_messi_on_instagram_thanks_so_much_to/cxnslu1)
My two favorite worlds just collided!
Imagine steph curry playing goalie. he would just throw the ball from his goal into the other
It was a joke among friends, no disrespect given, no offense taken. 

ppl need to relax. yes he was teasing about his number of followers but not in a mean way, the last thing these guys care about is the number of followers. 
nice humblebrag messi
I've been saying for awhile

Messi=Stephen Curry

Ronaldo=Lebron
What a circle jerk
I feel so out of the loop for not knowing who Messi is.
ESPN are jacking off so hard to these 2 now that they're fans of each other
Just looked at Curry's instagram. Kind of shocked there isn't outrage for this [joke](https://www.instagram.com/p/-ropqizfYD/?taken-by=stephencurry30), just with the way the internet works.
who is Messi?
Messi really is the only contemporary comp for Curry. He's essentially done the soccer equivalent of Curry's first 20 games over the span of 6 years. 
[deleted]
That seems like a backhanded response.
[deleted]
Am I the only one who has never heard of Leo Messi?
Cold blooded
What a crazy coincidence that two marquee Adidas athletes would strike up a friendship on social media.
ah yes, another event no one cares about. 
Gives a whole new meaning to "going over a screen"
Loved the Rockets announcers complaining about it and then watched the replay and were just like "oh"
Harden thought he was literally a rocket
"Calderon pls, take me to the playoffs with you"
Seriously though, what was he thinking?
Someone please post this with rockets announcers audio. They were like "that was barely any contact"

[SCIENTISTS BAFFLED](http://i.imgur.com/ael97hV.jpg)
James Harden tryna jump out of his slump
So really, wtf is Harden trying to do here? There is something wrong with this man.
My favorite part was that Clyde couldn't believe it was a charge lolol
https://38.media.tumblr.com/9a98108877499e6eaa8b306af2fbff8f/tumblr_mnxj5bXAyC1sunk8fo1_400.gif


http://www.maactioncinema.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/Ong_Bak.jpg
http://i.imgur.com/bMkVPtp.gif
JJ Watt working really hard in the middle of the forest approves
Using his Tiger Knee
What the fuck is he doing
Don't the Texans and rockets have the same amount of wins?
Red rover, red rover, send James Harden over.
James Harden doing his best Survivor Series impersonation
[Didn't he just do something similar vs. the Clippers?](https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/3rz9qa/what_is_harden_even_trying_to_do_here/)
Haven't seen this flop from Harden before
#shaqtin
Harden thought he was on defense. 
james then instinctively got up and walked toward the ft line.
The headline should read, "James Harden realized the Rockets still had a chance to win.  Does something retarded to guarantee a loss" 
He forgot he was playing basketball and only wanted to start a game of leap frog
HHH did it better
This tool is so god damn embarrassing to the sport.
Well this basketball thing doesn't seem to be working out for him lately..
How can you not get suspend for something like that?  You don't want to encourage such stupid behavior. 
HTML5 Video 


[Desktop version](http://offsided.com/r/nba/bg5JkNF/) (14.26%). 


[Mobile version](http://offsided.com/r/nba/bg5JkNF/?minified=true) (2.34%). 


----------------------------------- 


^[info](http://offsided.com/about_bots/) ^| ^[feedback](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=wonglik) ^| [^Upload](http://offsided.com/upload/)


lou thesz press
[Relevant] (http://larrybrownsports.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/james-harden-cowboys-coordinator.jpg)
He's no Jadeveon Clowney, but that was a pretty nice tackle.
Harden tryna jump his way to the free throw line
Beard. Knee to the face. I think Harden wants to be Daniel Bryan.
really how can anyone be a fan of his while he does stupid shit like this?
Hornet announcer: 'Harden got clearly fouled on this drive to the basket!'
one of the best knee tackles i've ever seen. next seasons texans linebacker confirmed. i cant wait to see him give brady one of those
WTF is wrong with Harden? If he doesnt get the usual calls he think he just have to go harder on the contact drawing everytime? Next time we are gonna see him run straight shoulderfirst into someone?
Ames Harden practicing his J
If I am Calderon I will do this shit on Harden immediately, this shit is dirty! flying knees?! really ?!
Harden responding to the defensive callouts by studying tape of linebackers
Oh man, imagine if he cocked his head back 
He turned into Blanka for a second there.

Somebody add the Street Fighter sound fx!
Honestly, I don't even know what the fuck that was.

That being said, y'all are really taking the Harden hate to the next level. Like, damn.
Porzingis is a solid offensive linesman 
Clutch jjjjjjjjumpppppshhhhhh

Shit, I don't even have the ball?
Needs a Mario Hat
They need help.
"HE GOT HAMMERED!!!!"
He was trying to hit The Knee That Beat John Cena, but just didn't get enough air. 
When the flop hits you back
What is he doing...

Too damn funny
This may be my favorite GIF of the season yet.  Oh, Harden, please keep making dumb fouls like that.  They're comedy gold.
James Harden:....uh....you ran into me
Harden is such a strange player; for a guy so talented at using his body for a specific task, so many things he does look awkward and as if he's a child learning how to move
Was that a flagrant 1/2, I mean that's pretty unnecessary and excessive 
just like he's been plowing through Khloe's....
I don't think I've ever seen a player's likability plummet so dramatically as it has with Harden since he left OKC.

Ha, wait, almost forgot about Dwight.

Fuck these Rockets. I miss those Yao and Tmac days 
That's what he has to do to mount Kong Khloe...
God I fucking hate James Harden...
I would say the Rockets should start sitting Harden in order to tank the season, but it seems to be the opposite.  The MORE they play him, the worse they do
Well, he's absolutely more durable than Arian Foster.
Intentionally blowing these games
Is Melo covering his ears again? Why the fuck are his ears hypersensitive all of the sudden lol
Look at Knicks assistant coach and Porzingis reaction. So funny. 
BAH GAWD!!
"I TOLD YOU MOTHERFUCKERS I DON'T KNOW NO BASED GOD COME AT ME AGAIN WITH THAT NONSENSE"
The Rockets announcers may be the worst in the league. I dig homerisim but call a spade a spade. FFS he left his feet.
Well that was new.  Need more angles!  I want to see a video of this MLG style.
lol @ the guy with the clipboard: "Noooooo, please noooo"
The way he pulls up his legs and it goes into slomo at the exact perfect time is just so funny to me for some reason. 
/good job! /good effort!
If he faced kicked him, the Steelers would love him heh.
Tiger knee
x-post to /r/nfl 
What the hell happened here? (I don't watch NBA regularly)
Great pass rush
I AM A WRECKKKKKKKING BALL!
Terrible technique 
Thats not only charging but his feet left the ice so he's definitely getting a call from the department of player safety.
I love Carmelo in the background. 

If you see the whole clip it shows he's such a real ass dude. 
"HIGH BOOT MATE!" - quality football commentary 
Rockets commentators were acting like Harden was in the right. I feel the only commentators I can listen to are for the Brooklyn Nets or New York Knicks, they seem to be the least bias. It's probably due in part to those commentators also doing nationally televised games as well. 
That was fucking hilarious outa nowhere
Too much bounce in those Adidas.  $200 million dollars is a lot of money. 
I think Harden picked the wrong sport.
There are no words left, just sad
GOAT title OP
What is up with him? Can anyone remember a top 10 (no doubt top 5 last year) starting a year this off?
that has got to be a flagrant!!
Just like when he tried to hump JJ Reddick earlier this season.

He went for full rape this time 😅.
Ong Bak 4: Free throws

confirmed to be a flop
reminds me of the fastball special.
http://i.imgur.com/rOFHutK.jpg
Here you take the curse
James Harden trying to be like John Cena.
Calderon must be like "Take your boner off me dude, I am not Kadaishan"
savage title lol
This.
I believe that's called a lungblower in the WWE
Harden gives zero shits anymore
Love how he falls into the fetal position at the end so he can have a chance to play the victim.
"they were who we thought they were"
Westbrook like "This is how you do it" 

*proceeds to hit an off-balanced fadeaway 3.* 

"How hard is to hit a 3 Dion."
he even did the [perkins](https://i.imgur.com/r8sgH.jpg)
Kobe assist 
To be fair to Dion the 24 was almost up so the shot isn't *that* egregious.
Dion is shooting 50% from 3 so far this year. Including the 1-3 last night. Just a poor shot.
[Fond memories with Russ in that corner off of an offensive rebound. ](https://youtu.be/BYa3csXve10)
It's kind of crazy how many people dislike Dion ha, I mean I get it but still. He's actually been pretty good this year from what I've seen.
Can't really blame Dion here. He had to take the shot. Time was running out.
that's some MyPlayer on 2k level shit
That's how you know what the circle jerk is. The 25 on 7/10 gets no mention a few days ago, but this one play where the clock was clearly running down does
Westbrook finally gets to be Will in the Fresh Prince gif. 
Should this not be out of bounds? Or does it not matter because he didn't have control?
I really wanted Dion to be good, but I'm damn glad we got rid of him.
Men lie. Women lie. AIRBALLS DNT.
"That counts as an assist" - Dion
He better change his name to Dijon because that J didn't have nearly enough mustard on it.

(Just go with it.)
Is that a rebound or a steal?
Damn it Dion. You had enough time to pump fake and get  closer.
Sixers being Sixers
I haven't watched the Thunder much this year -- should Dion be getting the minutes over Morrow? 
I mean, I love the Cavs roster as presently constituted, but man do I miss the agony and ecstasy of Dion Waiters.
What the fuck dion 
i thought you cant go out of bounds and be the first one to touch the ball??
This is like a Harlem Globetrotter version of the Kobe assist. Had it planned all along.
This is so right on so many levels
Best backcourt! 
what the fuck 
When is the "Dion being Dion" narrative going to end? I mean, he hasn't been that bad has he?
is it a thing ibaka trying to do now like the other big men going outside the 3 pt line? or is he really a threat like chris bosh?

the other night my buddy who has ibaka on his fantasy lineup said "WTF, 3x3pt from ibaka."
they better give him an assist for that
dion holding that pose is painful
Philadelphia being Philadelphia 
and the Sixers being the Sixers
was expecting westbrook to putback slam it
It takes a lot of skill to be this good at being bad.
The sad thing is he thought it was in
Can't stop watching Dion after he shot it lol
I am glad we got rid of him. Not enough room on the team for his head
Heard that Dion guy is pretty good, once heard he was better than Kyrie Irving
Remember when Dion said him and Kyrie were best backcourt in the NBA... Lol
Lmao GOATbrook is awesome 
man he really held that like it was gunna drop...
This is so perfect
His follow through is so embarassing. 
Your username looks like you imagined Westbrook and KD got married
He's bad and has no redeemable features. 
I love how Dion poses with the follow through rather than follow his shot.  In this case an airball.

DION. You know why your game sucks? You don't f'ing hustle.
Westbrook poked the ball out and then stepped out of bounds right? I thought once a player steps out of bounds, he cannot be the first one to touch the ball?
Just imagine if that was the other way around.  Kinda funny to make in your head movies
steven adams with a casual 5 seconds in the lane...

Grime Time
Dion Waiters is the most inexplicably bad spot up shooter I've ever seen. I'm not sure he's ever hit a catch &amp; shoot shot in his career.
Everything he says is in that official commentator's voice, so it sounds like an acute observation. 
id pick marv albert to narrate my life
The way he says wait a moment, it's like he just came up with calculus
Not his fault- someone forgot to update that script and left their man out to dry 
"Wait a moment....Brent you take over, I have two days of Fallout 4 to catch up on."
The arena plays the Super Mario Bros coin sound after made free throws? hahah awesome
Marv will be rushing to Gamestop as soon as this game is over
this is like when you're high and come to an amazing realization of a rather simple matter
Wise words from Brent.
"It is available....it *has* been available!" 
Marv, Marv never changes.
And now you know Marv, and knowing is half the battle haha 
I loved this.

"You can already buy it"

As i'm in the middle of saving a file with over 20 hours already logged rofl
hahaha this is so dumb but funny to me for some reason
Marv high as fuck right now.
"Well now you know, and knowing is half the battle"

lol these commentators fuckin know how keep it going
At least Marv's engine isn't outdated.
[When you're stuck in the wasteland but Ball is life.](http://youtu.be/NutPMSFsFj0)
"You know Brent, Fallout 4 doesn't have amazing graphics and has some glitches, but its just about having good old fun times"

"Shut the fuck up Marv, if this was Assassin's Creed you would be ripping it to shreds you fanboy"
I'm Marv Albert? Go fuck yourself San Diego.
"Knowing is half the battle"

http://m.imgur.com/KxhpAj1
"Wait a moment.. It's OUT?! What am I doing here? See ya, nerds!"
And Barry with the GI Joe reference after was amusing.
"Now you know" Lmao.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pele5vptVgc
oh brent
Oh course marv would respond in marv fashion.it was just less emphatic "yes...."
He was hilarious in the movie trainwreck 
Lol, Kevin Harlan just said the same thing but didn't notice the error.
Marv just realized he forgot to pick up his preorder 
What's with the mario coin noise at the end?
Anyone listen to Welcome to Nightvale? This absolutely could have been Cecil. 
Oh god I was watching this on mute wondering what was so funny about it
and and knowing is half the battle
Wow, fantastic.  Marv Albert is one of those broadcasting legends we won't truly appreciate until he's gone. 
Marv suddenly realized his pre-order was missing.
hey...i bite hookers, not tell time.
He's like "oh shit. I wonder if someone at home could boot up steam for me and get that download going while I'm at work..."
Knowing is half the battle.
Hey, since everyone is bringing the heat on domestic violence, let's not forget Marv Albert was convicted of sexual assault. He is a piece of shit.
Whenever I hear Marv I just keep playing [that cartoon "bite" sound](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B3vkzRdp9vU) over and over in my head.
G.I. Joe! 
Ahhh... Good ol' Marv.  Seems like it was only yesterday when he was caught getting his freak on with his hookers. 
"Wait a minute... Uhhh, I have to go."
did they play the mario coin sound?
oh, hee hee, how silly!
After i read that dead spin article about how he use to stalk women and shit i never looked at this dude the same lol
Is the game any good? 
Maybe he's been playing it so much and lost track of what day it is. He's not alone in that. 
GI Jooooooooooooooeeee
I have about 8 hours logged. I'm really busy, so the time I make to play it is awesome. What a fantastic game. 
Even his "wait a minute" still sounds like a call lol
hahahahahaha
Yes. Right.
I love this so much.
That "Wait a second, oh shit!" moment make it seem like he realized he forgot his anniversary. 
This is adorable.
If you had told me this was from one of the interdimensional cable episodes of Rick and Morty, I would of believed you.
"Now you know"
YESH!
I had my iPhone on mute and thought it was just a gif and didn't know who marv was so I scanned every player and fan's minut facial reactions and body language trying to understand what j was missing about 3 full times. Even went to the comments and was about to be like can someone please explain what I'm missing??
"Goddammit, I missed the launch"

-Marv
I said in the GDT when it happened that I'd pay to watch Marv make up the two days in Fallout 4. 

Kills a Deathclaw and says "YES!"
fuckin shitballs I see enough ads for Fallout 4 during the games, I don't need it on reddit too
#drunkmarv
Obviously not a gamer. I don't keep track of dates and days. But I sure as hell knew what was coming 2015 November 10th
Blame it on the advertiser for not providing updated copy. He's paid to read what the ad says not interpret it.
Marv is amazing 
Thought he was gonna end the broadcast and go get it
This sounded like a Norm Macdonald joke hahaha
imagine this dude biting a whore's back its sad and horrible but comedic in a way
Bite a prostitute day! Marv NEVER forgets that one ;-) 
**Don't you say a single bad thing about Marv -- he is a national play by play treasure!** Anyone who badmouths him should be sentenced to having to listen to only the Hawk's play by play guy for every sporting event.
Interesting that society is at a point where big-ticket video games are sponsoring major league sporting events. 20 years ago, was this the case? Even 10 years ago?
Damn I was hoping he would say "wait a moment. It's available now. I gotta get a copy"
During the commercial break, he fired everybody. 
The way he says it is hilarious. Like it was such a profound acknowledgement of the date. 
"Its past Novemember 10th."
"Now you know, and knowing is half the battle."
I'd pay good money to hear Marv on May 27, 1997... his announcer voice.. the dirty situation he got himself into. Comedy gold.
[deleted]
I have to say, it's kind of surprising to see people on this subreddit have a seemingly neutral to good view of Marv Albert (judging from the comments in this thread)...dude is NBA's Bill Cosby. 
Not gonna lie. That was awesome. 
Hahaha. Marv just did the same thing in the 4th quarter of the Suns Clippers game except he just paused for an extra second after saying "available November 10th....." Then Reggie moved on without correcting him, but you could tell he kind of noticed.
its just so crazy im about 6'2 and i would be short in that crowd lol
Cory Jo wants a full Drake song. 1 bar isn't enough 
[MO PETE](https://youtu.be/_l5nHDIcOAE)

[ANTHONY PARKER](https://youtu.be/uQXaULLaQSE)

[CHRIS BOSH](https://youtu.be/J_TwOwgEmvE)

[CORY JOSEPH](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bSGOhxnyCas)

RAPTORS CLUTCH SHOTS IN WASHINGTON: A HERITAGE MOMENT
"Alright wiz, how we gonna disappoint our fans this time? 40 point loss?"

"Nah. That's too obvious. Let's give them some hope first!"
Thats my boy :')
🎶 I'M IN LOVE WITH THE COJO 🎶
How the fuck did we win that game... 
Fucking love him. What a player
This is such a strange feeling for me as a Toronto fan...this can happen to us too?
Just fucking kill me
The Wizards Twitter page was live tweeting the game and I knew some shit went down when I saw them taking a long time to post the next tweet 
I AM SO HARD RIGHT NOW
John "John Salmons" Wall 

[context](https://youtu.be/5ubc4UEU_Nk?t=3m3s)
#GOOD TORANNAH BOY COJO
YA SEE THIS RIGHT HERE HE'S A GOOD OL ONTRIAAH BOY HE DOES EVERYTHING RIGHT HE PRACTICES THE FUNDAMENTALS AND HE GOES OUT AND REPRESENTS CANADA AND PLAYS GOOD OL FUNDAMENTAL CANADIAN BASKETBALL
I GET A RING AND BRING IT HOME LIKE CORY JO
#Cory Joseph keeping Mo Pete's legacy alive!
COJO WOO also wtf john wall?
Cojo definitely gonna be on the next Drake song
[Perfect backup point guards don't exis-](http://i.imgur.com/G9EQisE.jpg)
Crushing way to lose for the Wiz. Winning almost every second of the game.
JOHN YOU GOTTA MAKE YOUR FUCKIN FREE THROWS!!!!
That was quick.
COJO LIKE A MOFO FO SHO
Lol wizards broadcasters shitting on cojo earlier
fuck yeah joseph!! Dude was a spark off the bench when we needed. Glad he's doing great shit there 
And he didn't even get half what big bro TT got. 
Damn, that fucking sucks for John
team meeting?
How did this get posted so fast
CoJo is the man! We have much respect for him here in San Antonio. Glad he was able to get a ring here. Quality player and a stand up guy. 
Cory has been balling out this year. By far our most consistent player along with Lowry.
Kill me. 
6MAN gone, 6GOD IN
that felt like an insanely long 3 seconds

clutch by cojo
I GET A RING AND I BRING IT HOME LIKE I'M CORY JO 
That's right Cojo! Our former boy coming up huge! 
Posted 6 minutes ago, 110 comments, wow Raps fans are hyped!
DeRozan with his Michael Jordan assist moment. 
f my life
BRING IT HOME CO JO 
COJO COJO COJO GREAT SHOT COJO
pretty smart keeping lowry back there and taking a defender away from the play
This game was ugly for both sides. Neither deserved to win. Except for Cory Joseph. 
That's my boyyy
Cojo is really 6god
We are the worst team in the NBA.
Thank you Spurs.
I like Humphries' reaction to that shot his whole life seems shattered
Ol fashioned Spurs payback.
I love Cory so much 
Wtf this just happened.
Always thought that this kid would evolve to be a starter on the Spurs :'( Better to see him doing it in his home though.
Coach Pop will have tears after seeing this
https://i.imgur.com/RfZy2mi.jpg
Post-Pierce Revenge?
I thougth it was over when double D was under basket and didnt get the layup off, guess 6god was watching.
Tbh, when this was happening I was so scared because it felt like DD was taking too long, and the time was passing, but WE GOOD.

CORY JOSEPH, LET'S FUCKING GO! GREAT PASS AND PLAY BY DD TOO AND CASEY!

GET A RING AND I BRING IT HOME LIKE IM CORY JO
thats the revenge for beal's buzzerbeater against us earlier this year.

the spurs never forget. 
HELLOOOOOOO
Cory Joseph right now.. http://gfycat.com/ImpureCrispIndianglassfish
I get a ring and I bring it home like I'm Cory Jo

Love me some CoJo. Glad to see the Raptors are treating him well and fans like him
Straight outta Pickering, Crazy mothfucka named COJO !
I want to thank them Spurs for showing Cojo how to play ball. 
GET A RING AND BRING IT HOME LIKE IM CORY JOE, LETS FUCKING GOOOOO
CORYY JOOO
Im in love with the CoJo
I'm in love with the Cojo.. I got him from San Antonio.
Every Torontonians dream. Hit a buzzer beater for the city, brings a tear to my eye. 
That's why they brought him there.
Cory is goat

#IM IN LOVE WITH THE COJO
My boy!
Spurs send their regards
I'M IN LOVE WITH THE COJO 
how the fuck do you guys upload this so fast
I want to drown in alcohol
Let's see...  Pacers hit like 75% from 3... give up a 22-0 run on a 9pt 4Q lead... now a buzzer beater at home to the north. It's been a rough November. 
MY MAN COJO!!
As a Spurs fan I feel like ole Shep at the end of Above The Rim after Kyle Watson hot that game winner. So proud of him. 
I bet CoJo took a page from Pop's "hammer action" set and drew it up himself.  
Drake gonna be hittin' him up on that Hotline tonight. 
im still in love with the cojo
I still love Cory
That's why they brought me here 
I like how they put Lowry in the backcourt so Wall's defense couldn't be a factor.
John Wall being spanked tonight!
RETIRE THIS MANS JERSEY

HOLY FUCK
http://youtu.be/V_1LgZWKGNk
I need new shorts
Holy shit how did we win
FUCK YEAH CORY JOSEPH!!!
[Corey Jo!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tXQRYiBqCOw)
THE 6. ITS A SIGN.
If Paul Pierce was still on the Wizards he would have somehow blocked that shot. 
Holy shit the Raps ran a hammer play for the GW

that got me drooling
THATS MY BOY COJO!!
The real 6ix God
sadness
Kill me
[**WHO'S HOUSE?**](http://i.imgur.com/0YKPolj.png)
Did anyone say highly underrated and worth the 💰 money yet? 
:(
Glad Cory is having fun back home. 
They grow up so fast :')
Also, looking at the 0th second.
GET A RING AND I BRING IT HOME CO JO COJO WOO also wtf john wall?
This was like your crush telling you that she likes you too.


Why was that guy just hanging in the back court and why was his man staying with him? 
Get a ring and I bring it home like I'm Cory Jo'
Norm Kelly blessed 6 Dad is proud One of the most ugliest game I've watched thank god for COJO gamewinner Fucking love him.
I hope you guys are the best endings for one of the play.
If he had missed they would've lost. No time for an offensive rebound, no chance for a defensive foul.
WHAT A **SHOT!**
About to wait to go out to a party but the game kept me in and I'm so glad I stayed: let's GOOO
COJO HAVE MY BABIES
John with that strategy, can't let us get the win or they might not fire Wittman.
Thank you Paul Pierce!
My stream froze passing in the ball.

Checked box score.

Then saw this.

I'm so salty.
Can't believe Wall missed both free throws...
I CALLED GAME
6ix God!!!!!!!!!!!
Big shot from Cojo!! Love this man!
Nooooo not possible... not possible... but he did it.
COREY GOATSEPH
Wizards need PP
Cory Joseph just chilling in the corner. Lol.
Fuck yeah, Cojo is a beast
can't wait to see the game flow for this game
God Bless CoJo. 
The fact that Wall didn't miss just one but both free throws is astounding. 
good on derozan to pass out of a gamewinner tho. coryjo got ice in veins
OH MAN
im in love with the cojo
That's the 6MOTY right there. An ankle breaker and game winner #JustCojoThings
[deleted]
CORY JO OUTTA NOWHERE!
I get a ring and I bring it home like I'm Cory Joe
Cojo babyyyyy!!!
CoJo have it all. 
Is it just me or does Cory's movement on the court look gangly?
I'm so proud :,)
What the hell is wrong with the Wiz Kids this year? (Especially John Wall?)
Man 3 seconds feels so much longer in basketball.
Hit a buzzer beater for the crowd to realize what had happened.
Corey is the golden boy!
Hook em!!  
:')
what an awful collapse. that was painful to watch :(
I miss you CoJo!!!
Goddammit EA you put a dlc link in the middle of the court?
Lol at guarding the guy on the other side of half court..not sure what he's gonna do from there
I love Cory! I really wish we could have kept him but he deserved to get paid.
The Wizards at least have something in their pants right?
Time for Whitman to go 
Is it just me or does watching that feel like there was just no energy in the building until he made the shot. It's the last possession of the game and guys are nonchallantly moving around and then cory joseph just casually takes an unchallenged 3.
its crazy to see how far him and tristan have come from their UT days. hook em.
Great shot! 

But does it bother anyone else that the gif ends before the score changes? 
thats a cold 3 
Hook em
Cory called game!
lmao at kris humphries face after he hit the shot
About to wait to go out to a party but the 3 makes it sting a little more.
Casey said that wasn't the play he drew up?
Am I the only one who noticed the Wizard player (Number [1?]) on the sideline grabbin his junk for good luck [hoping to make Cojo miss].
this is what happens when we run a play out of a timeout that isn't iso derozen =/

he did a good job attracting the defenders and passing it out
Probably cause it's the same guy For 47.75 minutes I was so scared because it felt like a W at any point for you.
THIS GUY FUCKS 
How did the Raps even win that?
:'-)
Goddamn deja vu for my wizards :( I guess it's only fitting that the cavs had a game winner tonight too
Nice shot
Interesting play design with the guy standing in the backcourt to open up space.  Leave it to the Canadian team to steal a page from hockey and go 4-on-4.
That was a nice shot, but what a terrible play...

Why would you try for a 3 when you only needed a 2 to win?

I see that they blocked their attempt at getting under the hoop, but that's no reason to take a 22 foot shot when a 6 foot shot would do the trick.
Go Cojo!! As a horns and Spurs fan, love seeing this guy kill it for his home country.
Fuck Rick Barnes.
"Shoot the ball DemaOHMYGOD yes!" is the reaction I would probably have had if I were a Raptors fan
God damn it.
Fuck yeah Cojoooo
Pretty much every NBA Jam game ever
Definitely my favorite non-Spurs player in the regular season against the Raptors.
is wittman in the hot seat yet?
It's really confusing that the scoreboard graphics is red for the Wizards when they're wearing white and black for the Raptors when they're wearing red. Also the fact that the clip cuts before the score was updated made it even worse.

Great shot though.
that was the most casual clutch three pointer i have ever seen 
Glad to see him get his money and shine in his home country. as a Toronto fan...this can happen to us too?
Sick dish out for the win. Hard to not put up a garbage 2 point attempt.  Especially when down by 1.
My thought process:

Yea, I guess Batum was holding him.. oh, maybe he meant Melo getting pushed on the first rebound.. oh, he means those two guys literally jumping on top of Melo. Yea, that's a foul.
That wouldn't even fly in streetball lol
Melo gets the Shaq treatment, dude was fouled like 5 times in that sequence.
THIS IS EGREGIOUS
Fun drinking game for Knicks games:

-Take a shot everytime Melo gets fouled and the refs don't call it.

-Die during half time.


Flying knees? That's a foul.
One reason why I fucking love Melo is that he doesn't whine and doesn't flop. However, he should be furious here, they were tackling him.
If I were Melo, I would just lay on the ground in protest after that no call. Not just for a moment, but for a good long while. Even as play continued around me I'd just lay there.
Completely ridiculous, Melo was getting killed all game with little calls, meanwhile Lin or Walker would stroll down the lane, put up a layup and enjoy their 2 free throws.
[deleted]
Fuck these refs. Melo gets mauled a ton every single night and he never gets any calls. 
I think Melo doesn't get calls sometimes because he doesn't like to flop. 
The ref should've called a loose ball foul, or non shooting foul. 

He didn't have control of the dribble, so maybe that's why they were hesitant to call the foul? Not sure, but it should've been a foul regardless. 
That's infiruating to watch 

Fouls are enforced to protect players and stop dangerous play. Refs seem to forget that a touch sometimes.
You're right, how dare Melo not wear his headband straight. 
Lmao Melo is so used to not getting calls. That face at the end says it all.

I respect his restraint. He hardly ever complains.

Edit: That being said, he needs to speak out about it. It's a bit ridiculous. This is almost as bad as when they just let Melo lay on the floor with a hurt neck.
Melo has been getting smashed with no calls this season. However everyone is reactionary when the refs miss him stepping on the line twice.
Looks like he travelled in the first few seconds of the clip. He was fouled for sure on that last play though. 
Melo please swallow you're pride and start flopping  like every other superstar 
That's gotta be something... 

GOTTA BE SOMETHING!?!?
Mauling and appalling as Clyde would say
Official 2 minute reports be like: "the contact took place after Melo had lost possession of the ball. Therefore, the contact is incidental" CNC
Damn. That last slow-mo angle makes it look like Melo was really close to having his leg snapped at the knee. 
I think Melo should get *more* calls in his favor for never flopping. I feel like if I was a ref and a specific player was noted for never flopping, I would be inclined to give him the benefit of the doubt more often than a CP3 type player.

It sucks they fuck him but its hard to not respect his game. Didn't even really bitch about it either.
instantiate the general induction scheme template from the lecture notes to a concrete induction scheme for each function. Do not omit "trivial" cases.
Your answer should look like this:

"In order to prove phi, it is sufficient, by the induction principle suggested by function XYZ, to prove:

(i) ... =&gt; phi
(ii) ... =&gt; phi
(iii) ... =&gt; phi
"

The number of clauses depends on the function given to you.

;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;

1.

(defunc nind (n)
:input-contract (natp n)
:output=contract t
(if (equal n 0)
0
(nind (- n 1))))

(i) ~(natp n) =&gt; phi
(ii) (natp n) /\ (equal n 0) =&gt; phi
(iii) (natp n) /\ ~(equal n 0) /\ phil((n n-1)) =&gt; phi


;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;

2.

(defunc del (a x)
:input-contract (listp x)
Should it a loose ball foul because he loses possession first?
Teaching wise, Melo is like the kid in your class who you hate but always gets A's on everything.  But when he finally misses a question you don't give him any partial credit.
I don't like Melo one bit, but for a uber superstar in the league, he rarely gets any calls from the ref, this is actually pretty common for Melo.
They also missed a huge travel on Melo right at the beginning of the video
They were calling a couple of touch fouls on both ends today.

I understand missing a couple of calls; they messed up one bad earlier when Walker drove on Porzingis and they called a foul, but you can clearly see that Porzingis didn't touch Walker on the replay, but touched the rim during a shot attempt so it should have been a basket for Charlotte. But at live speed that's easy to miss. But how do you not see this?
Who is in the current no calls starting lineup? Melo, obviously, at SF.
Damn I feel bad I laughed so hard at this. The look on his face is priceless. Call a damn foul man!
That was an oversight on the Melo travel off the pivot. Good point.
holy crap his knee almost got destroyed
Melo doesn't get any respect, he lives in the paint and he doesn't get any call, no excuse for this one
I really like the last part with the lisp homework. You need some help?
I remember one game when he was with the Nuggs when he was simply talking to Crawford during a timeout, not even complaining and he got T'd up
Melo could be literally stabbed in the gut with a machete, and the refs would blissfully skip on by him.
He switches his pivot in the beginning? Travel
Do NBA games have 1 Ref now or something?

Fucking ridiculous.

Strong players have a serious disadvantage in today's league. It's designed for quick, clean offense. 
NBA refs have been the worst for over a decade.  

The league will sooner change the rules to allow this than demand reasonable professionalism from refs.
That's not even allowed in the AFL - Where you can do this!
http://www.afl.com.au/news/2015-06-28/the-best-mark-of-2015

I totally agree with you. How the fuck did they miss that travel at the start?!
This isn't too egregious imo. Why else would you sign up for professional football if you can't take the hits?
Totally an over the back call. Even if Melo didn't fake and made the jump, it would still be an over the back. And two guys destroying him like that... Refs should be under review for that mess. 
I thought for a second that Melo was going to be done. I saw his leg get trapped and almost screamed. 
Holy shit this actually got me mad. Some rage worthy material right here, and I'm not even a Knicks fan.
Within 30 seconds of the end of every quarter, refs turn to ABSOLUTE SHIT and call NOTHING

You can murder someone with a frying pan and no foul will be called.
lately the refs have become more and more shite
I don't get the whole "it's a hard job" ideology. I wish I could use that excuse every time my CEO asks me why something isn't done correctly or is half-assed 
Off topic, where can I buy one of these Knicks jerseys? They're awesome
the previous play is under review.
"I don't normally complain about the refs" -Everyone who complains about the refs
That wasn't a foul.

Signed, Bruce Bowen
You mean the travel in the first 3 seconds where he changes pivot feet right?
I think refs were turned off for that part. The travelling also wasn't called.
them lecture notes tho
Didn't see alot of contact.
could anyone upload this a site that works? i dont have 3 hours to load a gif
OP focus on your algorithms homework!
I don't understand what the refs were thinking while watching this sequence
Well, let's see... not much there, going to the rim... oh, damn, Weird Al and Marvin Williams jumped literally on top of him. That's definitely a bad missed call.
Looks like Melo gets away with a travel when he first goes in to his move so...call it even?
Fucking dumbass referees
Was at the game, other than this and Kemba's flop the refs were alright. 

It would help the clip if there was audio with the play by play and any reactions.
the officiating that game just sucked monkey balls for both sides. 
That Marvin ejection doh
That's a typical play with Melo. 
An easy solution is allow late foul calls. A late good call is better than no call
Put some ropes around the paint.  That was some WWE shit.
Melo gets no love
You should try college basketball. They're calling everything over in college this year.
Melo did get killed, but he also threw an elbow and no call. Just bad all around.
You mean no calls? Jayzus Chrisch.
"...And is Nicholas Batum with a slobberknocker". (J.R. Voice)
Looks like Big Al went for a piggyback ride
Shit like this is how Tim Donaghy made his money.  But if you want it fixed let the league know you are going to quit watching.  Although it only works if you follow through.
Appalling lack of officiating. And do the fans not care enough to interrupt the game in protest? Or is Melo that unpopular now?  
I'm not a Melo fan by any means, the guys all right, I've got nothing against him but I don't really like the guy that much either for reasons I can't explain. But having said that...wtf!  How in the giddamn giant clusterfuck of this existence is a guy jumping on Melo's back not a foul?  I mean a couple of games from now we'll be seeing Melo getting shivved under the basket while doused in gasoline and set aflame. That's tge next logical step to take. 
I feel that the NBPA should demand these refs be removed for not caring about player safety. This is just too obvious and too serious for three refs to swallow their whistles.
You mean the traveling in the beginning, right?
If that was lebron the call would have been made before he took a step. 
Melo had lost the ball already so I see why they didn't whistle it. If he had the ball and got kneed in the back then it would have been a foul no doubt. 
You're damn right it was inexcusable - Carmelo committed a blocking foul on Marvin Williams' butt! It was uncalled, and Williams was so pissed he later decided to use his elbow to cut open Lou Amundson's forehead.
I can never trust NBA reffing again after that one ref came out as being fixed. Calls like this shit just remind me of that guy. I think refs give way too much influence on the game in basketball, much more so than any other sport. 
Should have just walked out of the stadium
Also, surprised that they didn't call Batum for the hold earlier; they've been calling that more and more. Melo got fouled maybe 4 times in that one play haha.
You are allowed to maul guys as long as it's a post-up
I'm pretty sure that's a WWE tag team finisher
At least we won...
Watching that slow-mo shot looks kind of painful. I think Melo dodged a bullet, but his neck could have really embraced some hard contact there... the whiplash didn't look too bad, but damn... I have a spine injury right inbetween my shoulder blades because of something similar.
If this happened to Curry or Harden; the game would be forfeited 
that moment the death circle breaks out in the paint
Guy can't even draw an obvious foul - multiple fouls - in his home stadium. 

Sure this is bad, but not /r/nba bad.
a referees job is to protect the players, they seem to have failed on this occasion 
The guy that landed on him put his hands up,  so he's innocent. Pretty obvious why it wasn't called
youre right. he does change his pivot foot and travel; it never should have gotten that far. 
That would've drawn a flag in the NFL
This reminds me of that foul not called that led to ed davis getting ejected.
I will always respect the hell out of Melo for never flopping. It's incredible to see in today's NBA.
Yeah I know, when are they going to start fining Melo for this flopping bullshit?
Looked like a double dribble.
Lucky he's not hurt
you can, for just a second, a slight moment where Carmelo Anthony isn't being fouled. At that moment, Carmelo had piece. It didn't last long.
You mean the travel or the foul after it?
Wow... just wow... that's f**king ridiculous!
Any non-streamable links? Always really hit-and-miss for me.
HE JUST SHAT ON HIM!
You know, they penalize players for flopping, but when this happens, there's no foul. Not cool.
Do these new streamable clips not stutter really badly for anyone else? I can't even watch them. 
Looks like he lost the ball just before the 2 guys jumped on his back...shoulda been called but thats probably why it wasn't 
Is there a way to watch the games on msg for free? I live in Missouri and we don't get optimum over here 
So as a ref I'm just wondering something, are NBA refs not allowed to make delayed calls if they realise they fucked up a second after it happens?
lol what's with the end of that video?
*Mello gets jumped onto*

*No call*

*Mello gets breathed on*

*WW3 breaks out*
Well the missed the call on Westbrook Monday night sliding 10ft on the floor with the ball after committing an offensive foul... and then gave him a time out.

Or the Minessota game the night before where they wouldn't give tony allen a time out because he didn't have possession of the ball before the jump ball, but they reset the shot clock because he apparently had posession.

Point is, refs miss some obvious shit every night
[That's illegal](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rs1b0lr3ptg)
Basketball rules are weird. A guy can charge through 3 guys to put the ball in, but god forbids he gets checked. 
Next time Melo should just punch them in the face. 
I swear that Melo is the Anti-Harden/Durant. This guy is constantly in the paint getting hammered and doesn't get to the line nearly enough. I've only watched 3 Knicks games this year but I'm surprised he isn't averaging near 10 FTA per game. 

Maybe they're punishing him for being too strong like they did with Shaq? But it shouldn't be THIS bad.
These ridiculous no calls this year are slowly starting to ruin the game for me. Maybe it's just, and honestly it probably is. This is how "beef" develops. How players get into fights with each other. 

Did the NBA hire a bunch of new refs? Did Adam Silver make an order that no fouls should be called? 
&gt;I am not one to often complain about calls

I don't fucking care
FUCK THOSE REFS
My favorite part was the end of the video
That play was so scary to watch. The way he fell on Melo's knee. Could have ended Melo's career. 

I think that the reason Melo doesn't get many fouls calls is because he jumps off of two legs. Guys like Harden and Westbrook jump off of one leg and fly into the cameras/stantion. This helps sell the contact. Melo jumps off of two legs and then goes right back up with his insanely quick second jump. Since he is still in the play, it looks like he didn't get fouled. 
Melo gets the least calls of any star player maybe in NBA history. He gets absolutely walloped on every play and gets nothing.

Until he gets a ring it will be like that.
[deleted]
as a referee sometimes bodies just hit the floor and your just like wtf just happened who caused what, why are there more people on the floor than running back and im just gonna call a no call
The only thing I can think of is that he lost possession of the ball before they landed on him.
One of my past professors told me how he's from NY and used to play gorilla basketball. Basically it's damn near fighting since anything goes, and you never said anything or called a foul because he didn't want to be viewed as weak out there. Starting to think Melo had his fair share of those games. I wish people like that played in my area. These kids nowadays call fouls in pickup games all the damn time smh
Meh, he traveled anyway. 
Williams got thrown out later, at least.
[No foul?](https://i.imgur.com/DJ0pwhL.png)
contact came after he already lost the ball, the "foul" had nothing to do with the play so they don't call it.

Refs do this all the time. Like how they don't call traveling when you walk the ball up but they clearly traveled.
It seems like the only way for Melo to get a foul call is if he were to literally get shot by a player on the court. And it wouldn't even be free throws, it would be just an inbounds pass. 
Looks fine to me.
Didn't realize Melo played for the Raptors
How about passing the ball, Carmelo?
Try being a Toronto Raptors fan, we got butchered. 
Anybody want to talk about the fact that he traveled before anything even happened?
NBA officiating is the worst of all the major sports.
What's really inexcusable is how long this video takes to load.
its inexcusable when it happens to the knicks  but when the refs come out after games and say they made big mistakes in 2 raptors losses in the last week.....its excusable...
Clearly no foul there (SARCASM FUCK FACES)
True that missed travel call is inexcusable. 
Yeah Melo got fouled... right after he pushed Batum out of the way, which also should have been a foul. 
guy jumped before melo lost the ball. ball got lost, melo backed in while he was in the air, guy landed on him. law of verticality still applies. Good no call
This is indeed some sort of vioLATION.
If you wanna talk about bad calls, watch a raptors game in the last 2 minutes
If Melo kept possession of the ball when Marvin Williams fell on him, it would've been called.
I thought you were talking about that travel in the beginning, lol. Melo takes a whole step with his left foot after those jab steps before dribbling.

Then yeah, two dudes jump on his head.
1st foul: Batum grips Melo's back when he makes the turn in the post. That was missed by the side ref who is watching like a hawk. 

2nd no call: This is a good no-call the defender has "vertical space" meaning he jumps straight up while Melo tries to use his head and ball to push him off his spot which you can see causes his legs to go out from under him in the second view replay. 

3rd no call: Melo lost the ball at this point and the momentum of the defender (Walker) takes him into Melo and folds his body up.  

Personally I hate that head and ball push in the post.  I have it done repeatedly to me in games and it's dangerous, as it'll change your whole land which can be tragic, but in the same breath don't let the offensive player get 1 foot from the basket. 
[deleted]
Wow, he could have seriously got hurt on that EGREGIOUS VIOLATION. Luckily hes not injured. Jeez, c'mon refs
Play on. Melo is a munch that is looking for sympathy from the refs on every touch. I would have a joke about your Mom, but that may upset you. 

 
That's actually hilarious
i don't see any blood
First step was a travel
I thought you were referring to how mellow changed his pivot foot before putting the ball on the ground.
Thought this was over Raptors. Wtf is going on lately? 
It might be just me but (if we ignore the fact that the foul should've been called earlier) when Batum was falling down on Melo, he no longer had full control over the ball and actually already turned it over? 
Just my 2 cents on what refs might have been thinking...
fire those referees please :(

Looks like he got the chair pulled and basically fell backwards into them after he lost the ball... I mean obviously it's a nasty collision but I can see why they didn't call it 
That was a huge travel.
His teammate pushed the dude into him.
NBA refs haven't called traveling since the '90's. 
Yeah, how did they not see that travel.
What's the problem?
lol what are you complaining about? First he's lucky the ref didn't call an offensive foul on Melo for pushing off when trying to get the rebound. And before he even goes up for the shot, he loses the ball so the pile up is inconsequential. I swear people don't know how to watch basketball with a neutral pov
Karma.
You are right man I don't know how Melo got away with the loose ball foul.
 I always tack on an extra 10-15 points to Melo's final box score just because of this type of bullshit. He's averaged 36-38 pts/game for the last 6 years.
I totally agree... He traveled on that first move. They need to call that.
So are we all just going to ignore that Melo lost control of the ball, bent over, and backed up underneath a jumping player? I know Melo doesn't get all the calls he probably deserves but this aint one of them.

The first replay shows it pretty clear that he unexpectedly moved back after the defender already jumped.
Well, I might be stupid, but I don't see a foul here. They went up, he got under them, they had no other place to go but on top of him. Unintentional in my opinion. 
Freaking crazy. He had like 12 at the half and then suddenly 40. 
http://youtu.be/O5I3D1c8BLc
4 threes in the last 2 minutes. Every three crazier than the previous.
Greatest shooter ever, not even Ray Allen could do what he is doing. 
The last 5 minutes of this quarter were absurd to watch. 
how fucking demoralizing must it be to get assigned curry? Unless you're kawhi leonard.. it must suck ass watching those long ass shots go in. 

Edit: forgot about his circus layups
Lol it's just a joke at this point. Steph is nuts. 
The ball left the camera frame for a second he shot it so high
He has a career's worth of shooting highlights from 20 games this year...
WHAT THE FUCK DO YOU DO AGAINST THAT
Curry's defender is OUTSIDE the three point line but it don't matter. Ridiculous range
Poor kemba 
Threesus Christ...
People in the crowd cheering...
Steph is like the first Melee player to figure out wavedashing. Everyone else is trying to figure out how to stop him. 
Nothing surprises me at this point with curry. If I was in R/hockey and saw "Steph Curry with the amazing dangles to beat Carey Price" I would not bat an eye.
Curry isn't fucking Human. That is not Human.

Fuck. They walk and ball among us, folks.
ball goes out of the frame... probably edited
This is what Kobe tried to do last night
Fun fact: If he kept up his last-4-minutes-of-the-3rd-quarter pace (19 points in 4 minutes) for the entire game he'd have scored 228 points tonight.
Steph curry is not person
This is like the first Warriors game I haven't watched since the season started and he does this :|
Well he pulled up from deep and made it. Just like I said last game he would have been better off doing than trying to get close to the arc and miss since it was easier to contest. Still it's fucking stupid that his best ISO weapon is pulling up from 30 feet. Fuckin insane.
I love how his teammates start to slowly walk back right as he shoots. They knew damn well that man is money. 
The crowd blew up
They really need cameras that just focus on the crowd so we can see the reactions of people. I always watch these clips like 20 times to see various people's reactions. 
Steph Curry is like the trebuchet from AOE 2. You just watch ur castle getting destroyed and u cant even attack the trebuchet because its so far away. 
wow.
Green raised his hand as if Hawes doubling was gonna make Steph pass, lol.
I would hate to guard that guy.  Can't give him any space, but the closer you get, the better the chances of him shaking you silly.
14 points inside the last two minutes
We are witnessing one of the greatest basketball players of our generation. 

And I don't even like steph curry but god damn I have never seen a player like this. 
this guys game is the best I've ever seen. The most pure form of a basketball player. watching ever since the late 80s.
Wow. GSW did so well to draft him. And this man deserves a new contract. Can't believe he's only on $12 mil a year.
Well... another heat check... what could go wrong, right?
Sounds like Oracle out there, fans were excited to watch Curry go off
Does anyone have that clip from the Hornets announcers? I'd love to hear what Dell thought of that shot. 
[deleted]
I can't watch Curry man...  
So much cheese ;___;
He literally just did that 2 minutes before this shot, ugh
That ball sailing through the air was the most beautiful journey I've ever seen. 
I feel like they need to make a league greater than nba for players like curry, so basically there would only be curry
What the fuck
He is a glitch in the matrix
i watched the Kobe's "run out of fuck" shot and I watched this shot.

they are THE SAME shot!!!! but we all expect curry to make it
Steph is so good, but so bad for the sport. At least non-professional, pick up players players. Everyone needs to understand what he does isn't humanly possible for anyone else besides him.
Kobe watching this like thinking "I can do that... "
WHO IS MJ ALL I KNOW IS STEPH
That was a heat check shot too.
Thats just absurd. 
That's just disrespectful lol. 
i was at the home game vs the bulls, and pregame he hit five shots in a row from right about where the wings on that hornet are; crazy to watch. 
fuck he good.
It's time to get rid of the three point line. Too OP. 
Curry doesn't care. He shot that right in Kemba's face.
Single motion shooting, it's a thing now. 

Even Kobe couldn't do it.
growing up i used to want to dunk like vince carter.  now, i just wanna shoot like steph. 
I love how fans of the sport recognize something awesome no matter what team it is. Even though he's on the opposing team the whole crowd lights up and even cheers that 3
What a time to be alive.
Kid knows how to put on a show.  That's for sure.   
I know he's from NC but the opposing fans cheering for him just shows how special this dude is. How can you not pull for him?
That's the same idgaf shot from Kobe on the front page
I want to watch it side by side with the recent Kobe brick from the same distance 
Hes like a NBA2k character
This shouldn't be a highlight anymore
Now I know what Kobe is tryna do....
I read the title and actually had to stop and think whether OP meant 28 points or 3s because I'd probably believe either from Curry right now.
It's so unbelievable that I hear steph put up 28 in a quarter and It just seems normal.  
Curry has pretty much broken the game of basketball at this point. Nothing except a freak injury could stop him now
What can you even do when he gets hot like that? Finishing at the rim and damn near half court at will. I'd just quit
He was walking away, back to the basket while ball is in the air.

How the hell can you even defend that. I am a pretty new/casual basketball fan, not from US, so I don't know all that much about the ins and outs of the game but how on earth can you stop that. If he can just casually walk up and shoot from than far out and score, even when you have a hand up, what can you do? 
God, as a basketball fan, I fucking love this guy. As a Cavs fan, I fucking hate this guy.
Most Redditors are too young to remember him, heck even I just saw him at the tail end of his career, but Steph Curry is like the reincarnation of Pete Maravich, just stronger and faster. Maravich could shoot from anywhere on the floor, and was an amazing passer as well. Watching Steph is a special treat, I really hope he can stay healthy for a long time. 
someone tell this guy he isn't playing NBA Jam, this is ridiculous
what can you do against him? theres no defense against that
What is crazy to me is hat he is averaging 32 per game and has sat out the 4th quarter in 3 or 4 games.  Jesus how can anyone stop him?
This is seriously Shaq-level dominance. I feel sorry for the league. Everybody is screwed until they get their own Curry.
Curry is just not fair. I really want to see him do this against the spurs. I wonder how Leonard or Green will try to defend him. They've had successes but we haven't seen them against this current iteration of Steph.
I think he'll get about 4 MVPs in his career. Hes playing at MJ levels this season
Sounding like a home game when it went in 
The devil MUST exist. The only explanation for this insanity is that Steph sold his soul to him. He's playing fucking godly.
He's just unreal - his swagger is off the charts 
Jimmer on steroids.
You can see it in his eyes at the beginning of the clip...
Jesus I stopped watching at half time because warriors pretty clearly were gonna win and curry was not goin nuts...looks like he ended up goin nuts
I'm absolutely serious, if it was one day revealed that Steph Curry sold his soul to the devil to be this good at basketball, I would have been like, "Yeah I totally believe that." 
This is basically the Kobe shot in terms of giving fucks, but with a better result.
Steph Curry's quick release is as deadly as Kareem's Sky hook. 

It makes it impossible to play defense on him. I couldn't even imagine. You would have to play 100 percent all the time, while he just fucks around and dribbles around. You would be gassed out so much quicker than him, making you just a step slower to get up and block the shot. 
This is like the anti-Kobe of the current top post on here. 
Its going to be a sad day when Steph gets a whole game off.
Like seeing a toy in a show window and you cant actually buy it.

in related things Klay is playing decent on the offensive side again these past few games.

Things will be looking way up when Barnes comes back.
3-point shooter legend for sure
someone seriously needs to either turn the cheat codes off or nerf him.
if youre defending this guy you should ALWAYS have your hands up. idk why players dont more often
This clip needs to be like 10 sec. longer for the crowd reaction.

He's playing with his Sliders up
CURRY-diculous!
ITT: No mention of Jerry West :(
Microwave Curry, he just cooked the entire Hornets team in the 3rd. 
Okay, what the FUCK.
listen to that crowd...
If I was the defender I would have just went and sat on the bench after that, because honestly what the hell is the point of pretending you can do anything to stop him.
A threeeEEEEEEEEGOOOOOOOOD
Jesus how do you make that shot?
What this man is doing is flat out unreal. Not even human. I just don't understand 
He doesn't.fucking.miss. Ever.
Scrolled down to see various people's reactions.
Best long distance shooter of all time. 
you know youre doing something amazing when the away crowd stands up and cheers for you
Stop saying this is a heat check. It's Steph Curry. He doesn't even need to check.
That was the reaction of the away crowd! Amazing. Love it when appreciate game when they see it. 
He needs to stop playing on those rookie sliders.
Steph Curry is what Kobe thinks he is playing like right now. 
It's like he's playing my career when you decide to just score every play. 
Warriors trying to beat that Bulls win/loss record this year. What is it, like 72-10?
So we're thinking along the same optimum for every player.
Curry is fucking unreal. Enjoy this Warriors fans, this shit is history in the making. 
Unreal. This guy is ridiculous. 
It is really impossible to defend this kind of shots. Source : I saw a video. 
Curry is just on a different level dam.. How does he do it? Back to back to back
Dis nicca
How are you even supposed to defend this?
He's been especially good this start of the season. I feel kind of bad for those missing out on this. NBA doesn't really garner attention until after the new year, so many aren't paying attention, but man, watching Steph right now is witnessing one of the best runs by any player, ever. It is very special.
as all the kids yell "curry!" when they shoot from downtown now.

He is blessed to be playing with a stud such as Andrew Bogut is
Damn Curry has already played 6 years, hopefully this isn't the halfway point in his career. Please play for at least 8 more years. 
lol shout out Shaun Livingston. Out of frame. Then in frame, doing nothing, then celebrating along with Asian Bro who fucking LOVES the bay.
Shouldn't teams that are tanking have to change their names? I want to see the LA Tankers play the Philly Stinkers
You better double team him from there.
People in the tournament.
Charlotte is gonna be Curry's Madison Square Garden, I gotta start buying tickets for these games 
What would it take for him not to win mvp now. 
Even his teammates look like "Alright when is this dude going to stop?"
NBA, where the fuck is the patch??? Get your shit together, never seen something so OP go nerf-free this long in my life.
Unlike other famous 3 point shooters, he's not a role player. 

*He's a role, player*
They should ban him from the NBA and give him his own league.
This 20 game streak from Curry is insane. The last time I remember something close to this kind of crazy  performance was [Kobe's 9 game 40pt+ streak in 2003.](http://bleacherreport.com/articles/514596-remembering-the-2002-2003-season-kobes-streak-of-nine-straight-40-point-games) 
Curry ball is bad for the game 
He's alright I guess..

*curls up and cries in a corner*
Even last year, it was easier to fall through the hoop that way.
That was sick
Steph's really wild now
He makes defense obsolete. What the fuck. 
Announcer sounds like krillen 
His release is obnoxiously quick 
He literally looked bored
Deadspin has a highlight video up of his 3rd quarter. Good God, Lemon, it's disgusting. 
What is with these lame t-shirt jerseys?
I'm by no means an expert, but it doesn't look to me like his shot is technically or fundamentally sound. But damn if he isn't incredible. He's a freak!
He's too good, it's just unfair!!!! I cri evrytiem
This might be sacrilegious on this sub but the phrase we are witnessing should apply to Steph Curry
!!!!!!!!!
Draymond couldn't give a fuck..
The crowd reaction is priceless.
How the hell do you cover this guy, if he can take shots like these? tribleteam him...
It sounded like there were more Warriors fans there than Hornets fans.
are those bandwagoners or charlotte fans who just stopped caring?
In the gym range....Gil is the only other player I've ever seen make shots from that deep with consistency. (Gil never took that many, but he did pull a few here and here Hibachi!)
this is basically a mirror of the "Kobe Has No More Fucks" gif above this, but since it's Curry, it goes in
It sounded like Oracle after that went in
I can't decide of the NBA or the league of legends posts are more annoying.
For everyone dogging Kobe in this thread. Kobe knows. [Game peeps game](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KwxurH0dGmA)

Also [Never forget](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FeXZY4eVLlo) He was flat out unstoppable. 


Guaranteed they lose first round of the older players around here say they started watching because of how much Hungrybox pops off.
Why do you do this to your home town :(

Only way to make up for it is to return! 

Curry to Hornets in 2016!
Look at those life long Warrior fans in Charlotte. 
Steph loves the 3rd Quarter.  Because he knows it's all he needs.
I feel like I'm perpetuating a circlejerk here, but does anyone else see a parallel with Kobe's idgaf shot against the 6ers?

Admittedly the context with time remaining is different, and Curry is arguably on another planet while Kobe has apparently fallen through the earths crust into hell. But I've always wondered about Curry's shot selection and how no one really criticizes it. I mean obviously he makes them... well I suppose that's all that matters. Still, the nerd within me demands a better shot. Anyone else would be crucified.
Smug asshole. 
There are so many bandwagon fans at that game, it's truly unbelievable. 
I agree curry is the greatest shooter ever..alot of it just has to do with volume as well...what makes curry so special is he takes high volume shots and makes it at a high clip...

but i have seen too many people say things like bird and ray etc couldnt do things like this...they absolutely could..they just did not do it as often because due to the pace/style of the game people would have thought you were crazy for taking that many threes and people just didnt think about it (bird said this himself looking back at his career)...

again curry is the goat shooter but ray, bird, reggie, and others could do things like this early in their career...

example - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lTnMKT9wmG4
Funny that /r/nba is currently crucifying Kobe for taking the exact same shot
[This will rank up there with Craig Sager Jr interviews Greg Popovich](https://youtu.be/Z_xMvztr-Wo)
TNT puts ESPN to shame with their coverage.
&gt; Now ask me a couple of inane questions.

Dead
I was trying to explain to my wife why this is so cool and I ended up just gushing endlessly about Pop and never really making my point. 
I love Pop so much. That made me tear up a little bit. Glad Craig is back.
I wish Pop was my grandpa.
If you don't like Coach Pop, I don't like you.
Man in the nearly 30 years I've been a Knick fan, the Knicks have never had a coach I've liked as much as I like Pop, and I hate the goddamn Spurs.  JVG is close though.  Pat Riley was always too cold for my liking.
/r/nbaww
Pop is like if Belichick wasn't a sociopath.
Typical Popovich answers. I absolutely love his bluntness. He's ruthless. 
Who could honestly hate Pop?
When Pop retires:

Sager goes in for an interview....

Pop: Craig... Put that fuckin Mic down and come get a drink with me.

Sager pauses cautiously before relenting and walking with Pop into the sunset...
"They were playing like crap, so we put in different guys" - Gregg "Sun Tzu" Popovich
You can see Pop is geniunely happy that Craig is back, though he still shows his disdain for the interviews lol
That was.. beautiful :')
Craig and Pop have the best romance in the NBA, even better than Lebron and Wade in 2013.
Hey All. Craig Sager had the same form of Leukemia that my dad had a few years back.  Lukcily, it seems they're both on the same path to recovery.  I'm donating platelets this weekend and donate blood regularly.  Donating blood is really easy and totally painless (this weekend will be my first platelet donation, so I can't speak to that).  If you can't donate blood/platelets, the Leukemia &amp; Lymphoma Society is a really great organization and could really use your monetary support. Leukemia and Lymphoma patients pretty much all need your blood and platelets, so Long story short, no matter who you are you can help this cause.  I know some people are dubious about the Red Cross's allotment of funds, but blood can't be spent,so you can walk away knowing you've contributed directly to a good cause.  Blood drives are constantly happening all over the country, give it a shot, it's a great way to feel good about yourself.

http://www.redcrossblood.org/    --Red Cross Blood Donation
http://www.lls.org/                     --Leukemia &amp; Lymphoma Society  

Ok, PSA over, Go Celtics!
Please cross post in r/nbaww
Definitely shed a happy tear or three.

:')
really warms the cockles
Bill Murray could totally be Gregg Popovich in a movie.
I think that's the first time I heard Pop say "baby"

It was oddly arousing
The awkward hug at the beginning haha
Pop-Sager is one of the truly underrated NBA bromances.
For anybody that hasn't seen Pop's last bout of happiness: https://youtu.be/Fl_I9s1cN3Q
Pop and Sager are cuter than Jim and Pam.
I ship it 
That was awesome. 
Pop is great, it's just impossible to not like him!
man this made me smile. pop is a class act.
This is why I love the nba
Don't know if I'm crying bc I'm happy or PMSing. Let's just go with both.
http://sports.yahoo.com/blogs/nba-ball-dont-lie/gregg-popovich-repeatedly-checked-in-on-craig-sager-s-health-during-the-playoffs-220301249.html

"He called me four or five times in the next month to check on me and my dad," said Junior, and remember, Pop and the Spurs were in the heat of the playoff run. Pop's timing was downright surreal, too.
"He called the day of my sister Krista's graduation from the University of Georgia, because my dad couldn't make it," said Junior. "And this was before a game against Portland."
Haha I love Pop man.
I love pop
I was smiling throughout that entire clip. I'm happy to see Craig Sager back doing his thing, and Pop's reaction was just great.
You too baby love you!
hahaha this put the biggest smile on my face
Oh man, I was laughing out loud at this. I can see why people love Pop.
Pop is the greatest at telling it like it is!

Pop is a bro. 

"You too baby, love you."
I didn't think I could like Pop anymore than I already did. What a great interview. 
*Human mode activated*
Some people say comedy is nothing but suprise, but I disagree 
Old man broment.
Pop has a way of explaining things that just makes sense.
Is that necktie.... Bedazzled?
I feel like Pop was giving Craig extra salt in his responses, like he was giddy to do his shtick with him because out of sheer happiness in sharing a mic with him. 
Bobo Diaw owning at the end of vid too
he cant do the interview anymore, hes starting to tear up
Does he still have cancer?
That makes me so happy.
Can the Spurs stop being good people, I want to hate them so badly.
I'm just here so I won't get sued.
Pop's the greatest.
fuck i'm smiling with a slight tear in my eye
"now ask me a couple of inane questions"

&lt;3 
Should have cut it the second after he said "We have got to replay that"
The feels!

They are trying to rename a high school after Pop in San Antonio. I think that would be great.
"Now ask me a couple of inane questions" - I intend to shamelessly steal that line and overuse it for a long time. 
I told myself I wasn't going to cry. BUT :')
This brings a huge smile to my face, glad he's back
Absolute legends, the both of them.
Just beautiful. 
My heart is warm. 
Had to watch that twice
&lt;3
&lt;333
Has Craig recovered from his cancer? Im assuming yes? I hadnt heard anything, glad to see him back out there, looking ridiculous as usual!
More please!
Pops the Bruce Arian's of the NBA. 
welcome back Craig Sager!!
Is Craig cancer free again? I thought it had returned earlier this year?
tears
Their interactions are always gold.
Imagine if he didn't like you...
Is his brain slowing down? Seems like he was having trouble speaking
You aren't checking TNT.com/NBA/scores/thisdoesntexist the same path to recovery.
He squeezed the reporter's neck...
:')
Phone conversation between Pop and Sager a while back.

"“Sager?”

“Yeah?”

“It’s Coach Pop,” said Spurs coach Gregg Popovich. “How you doing, pal? I see you are coming back to work?”

“Yeah, I am,” Sager replied.

“Does that mean that this is pity party is over now?” Popovich bellowed. “Does this mean I can go back to not answering your questions and making fun of your clothes?”

Said Sager: “I wouldn’t have it another way.”"
This brought so much joy to watch, I shed a tear inside
That put a smile in my face. I'm so happy Craig Sager is back and well. And Popovich is an example to the rest of us, I think. I admire him! I wish I had the chance to meet him personally.
I need someone in my life who looks at me the way Pop looks at Sager in this clip. 
I want to watch a video of Pop and Belichick interviewing each other so bad. The surlyness would be hilarious. 
TNT didn't really do love TNT coverage for everything they do, and I hate the goddamn Spurs.
as he whispers into sager's ear "Hail Hydra"
How the hell did I miss that Craig Sager is battling cancer? :-(

Hoping for a complete and expedient recovery! 
I hope it's a long time away but when Craig finally goes..... He better be buried in the most fantastic extravagant suit ever.
Pop is that guy in the movie who is a real grump and doesn't seem very likable but as the story goes on you realize he's got a heart of gold after all.

Like a less racist Clint Eastwood from Gran Tarino.
This is why I like the nba.  NFL, mlb, are great in their own way, but man, the personalities in nba are the best.  I feel like I know the players and coaches more then in the other sports.
Pops always makes these interviews seem like interviews of the wrestlers from WWE.

"Happy? You think I'm happy? I'LL BE HAPPY WHEN I WIN AT WRESTLEMANIA 1200!!!!!!!!!!!!"
Tears...
that was great
I think I got something in my eye. Some charcoal dust from the BBQ grill must have gotten in my eye. 
Its almost like Pop has turned into a caricature of himself. 
Did anyone else have to Google the meaning of 'inane'?
I don't care if I'm alone on this, Pop's act is lame and played out. Just answer the damn questions and stop embarrassing people just doing their job.
Number of Eyebrow(s)

Duncan = 2

Davis    = 1


This is actually pretty crazy to me.
Damn, Tim Duncan must have some great potential. 
Tim Duncan has to be the most fundamentally sound player ever. How else can you explain how well his game aged?
Holy shit. Duncan is a machine 
What the actual fuck? Fuck it, Im saying it. Duncan is Top 5 All Time. He is unreal.
Wow. Wasn't expecting those numbers from Duncan.
I hope Duncan plays forever
dude is the KAJ of Power Forwards
Tim "Actual Cyborg" Duncan
AD had a lackluster rookie year which skews those numbers a bit. If we compare the past two seasons, it shows how productive he really is. 

That being said, TD is a freak. I thought he was done in 2011 but nope. He's just consistant and plays the schedule perfectly. Everyone should go look at his 36 minute stats when they can. It's truly remarkable what he is doing at his age. 
Tim Duncan has missed 26 games in four years?  That is insane.
I feel like half of the people in this thread have ignored the "missed game" category. 
Did it really take him 4 years to crack 4000 points? Back in my day they did it [yearly](http://i.imgur.com/q1MtLp6.png). 

What I gathered from this: Anthony Davis is a really good player who will become an amazing one if he stays healthy, and Tim Duncan is the world's best basketball-playing robot.
It's funny how Duncan has been aging for years, and yet he still can't miss a beat with these stats.
Is that including postseason?
I really wish I took more time in my life and watched Tim Duncan every chance I had.
The argument can be made for Duncan as 3rd All-Time. The two schools of thought I've seen either have Wilt and Russel 3-4 or Bird and Magic 3-4. Duncan over either set of two is feasible, so Jordan-Kareem-Duncan is very realistic. 
This is ridiculously absurd, and frankly unfathomable. 

Before ANYONE wants to put a big man like Davis or anyone else in the same conversation as Duncan, look at this and tell me what young player you are fairly confident will still be effective at this point. 
Best player of his era hands down. Gonna Miss Timmy when hes gone
I know this is a contrarian opinion,  but when people talk about best player of the 00s why isn't Shaq ever mentioned?  

The man literally had to fouled in order to stop him when he was at his peak,  and definitely was better than kobe when they dominated.   
Is it longevity?  His frame obviously doesn't allow for him to last as long as kobe or Duncan, and he was in the league for a pretty long time anyway.
  
Having said that, I do think that Duncan was the best player of this generation,  but I don't think the argument should exclusively be kobe vs Duncan. 
What a fucking beast. You can't help but admire guys like Duncan and Brady, to be elite at this stage of your career is simply incredible. 
Will be cool to see how the numbers compare when Davis is Timmy's age, and Timmy is 51-54.  
So to be completely fair to Anthony Davis here - the games missed at the bottom is pretty important to note. These are all cumulative stats, and Tim Duncan played 24 more games.

That said, Jesus Christ, what kind of cyborg is this man? He's on some Kareem shit.
whoa
This makes me so happy. I have always loved watching Timmy. No talk, no showing off, no unnecessary stuff. Just a baller throughout his career. Love it. GO SPURS GO! 
Well, its kind of misleading, because if you compare Anthony Davis to Duncan stats at that age...

Tim Duncan at Anthony Davis age: 0-0-0-0-0 with 0 blocks and 0 wins.
Old man strength.
Where's the wins stat at?
Wow. I am still not sure I believe it
Alien vs. human.  Who is surprised?
I'm assuming this counts playoff games?
That is freaking insane. Maybe the best stat I have seen in a long time. Well done.
Is Duncan the basketball Jaromir Jagr or is it the other way around?
i didn't even know it was davis's 4th year in the league
Sooooo TD&gt;AD?
Newsflash Duncan is the GOAT
Somewhat misleading bc it's not the actual last 4 seasons. The 4th season is this season so that is slightly misleading (not on purpose. It's just when one reads last 4 seasons, it's assumed that they mean full seasons generally.) 
Also, the points thing. Calculating it out, AD averages roughly 5 more ppg than him.
AD averages 2.5 blocks for his career vs Duncan in last 4 years averaging 2.1. Still absurdly close though.
What's also misleading about it is that Duncan's minutes HAVE to be limited so AD actually playing more minutes even though he sat out 24 more games is a positive thing for AD actually.

An interesting omission of steals totals as well. AD has 274 total steals in this span vs Duncan at 163. Big difference. 1.31 spg for AD vs 0.69 spg for Timmy.

HAVING SAID ALL THIS, it's still absurd that I had to do all this to try and make AD seem way better than Duncan despite the similar stats totals. Timmy is an absolute freak and I think the best power forward to ever play the game. Period.
I think he is well in front of Hakeem and shaq now. 
Tim DunGOD
Everyone always describes TD as the Big Fundamental and claims his fundamentals are classic and timeless. 

Anyone wanna elaborate exactly it relates to? Fundamental what? Shooting form? Shot mechanics? Mindset? 
Duncan is still young he will get better.
Lol at people who think that Duncan isn't the best player from the early 2000's to now
This Tim Duncan guy is gonna be SCARY next year
No one like Timmeh in the last 50 years, or possibly, ever
Duncan is like 50, what a beast that he's even competing. Im a Mavs fan but ya gotta respect the guy. 
Tim Duncan is the GOAT power forward, it's just that simple.
GPFAT
This is kind of unbelievable when you consider a lot of people consider AD to be a top 3-5 player in the NBA and Duncan is like in his millionth season.
When it comes to PF Timmy is the GOAT. His talent combined with the mastermind that is Pop is unique and can and will never be duplicated. Everyone says he's too old and some thought he was done. They have 5 rings to prove that this is the best dynasty at least in recent history
I'm really drunk and this is difficult for me to process I mean AD is clearly the best up and coming player in the league but he's not even definitively better than old ass Tim Duncan I don't know what to think any more what the fuck Tim cut this shit out
Duncan is the Kareem of his generation. Hopefully Anthony Davis can become the Duncan of his.
\- half of AD's blocks because of the home scorekeepers
Tim Duncan would be a good name for a fine wine.
they just love using Tim Duncan to shit on players lol
Davis has played way less games. I dont see how you can equate them without using averages.
Duncan is a savage man. At his age, and those numbers is remarkable
That's pretty amazing.
How long does he realistically have? 
I guess, this puts into perspective how great both players are.
Does Anthony Davis wear makeup? 
TIL Anthony Davis has been in the NBA for 4 years... I feel old.
MPG?
With the right team he might win a ring or 2 in his career 
Tim Duncan is a cyborg.
The Brow is beast, I am glad that he's on my NBA Fantasy League team. :)
He had his first game played without a recorded rebound tonight.
Tim Duncan will be 40 by the playoffs tbh
I thought these were head2head numbers I was just sitting here thinking what the fucking fuck
Also a testament of Tim's durability, even at the twilight of his career he missed less games than Davis.
they're both really really good
Its crazy how many points Duncan put up with all that talent on the Spurs.
Timmy Legend.
Needs minutes played for each player. I'm curious what that stat is. 
Tim Duncan is the Adrian Beltre of the NBA
So many Laker shows lol. Crazy.

Edit: Whoops. Wrong thread.
yeah but what about per36 though
Fuuuuuuuck
What is the difference in Free Throws shot?
I don't know shit about basketball, but I love the debates these threads invite. I learn more this way.
Tim Duncan is like a fine wine. Except non-alcoholic because I don't think he drinks. So more like a finely aged grape soda.
Shit post. TD has been better
unfair stat inmo; no way Timmy is working as hard as AD right now.  This is more of a stat that credits the spurs for handling their minutes, depth and rotation.  
I'm more impressed by Davis. I've come to expect Duncan to be a legit superhuman. But fuck, Davis might be the best player in the NBA right now. Never thought I'd say that about anyone but LBJ and KD while they were still playing.
Why not show the averages to get a more realistic picture - man, the bullshit runs thick around here.
To be fair, Timmy is a lot older
Little unfair to Duncan to show this graphic when he is towards the end of his career. Duncan's longevity and championship rings are what sets him apart from the rest. While Anthony Davis a fantastic player, he has a long way to go to equal the career of Tim Duncan.
Who's Anthony David srs. I don't watch much basketball. 

Why am I were 
Anthony Davis is injury prone
Its funny... Watching TD and the Spurs play is really boring when you start watching the NBA... But the more you watch and learn the more you start to really enjoy them
ah but Duncan's per game averages are not as nice because he played in more games!
You can't give me a stat that will convince me that Tim Duncan doesn't suck my balls.
Lamar: "Ay yo whats good fam?"

Doctor: "I'm not related to you. You have serious brain damage"
[deleted]
It seems like a conflicting report comes out every other week about LO
So does he remember Khloe and Kobe? It sounds like they have been there with him, and reports didn't mention anything about not recognizing them. 

Maybe it is just some distant family members. 
sadly shit like this isnt uncommon :(
Best case scenario: Lamar recognizes them, but he doesn't want to pay the phone bill for 50 different people anymore. 
like doesnt remember ever knowing them or forgets between visits
Wasn't he texting people days after?
But he recognized khloe
Damn. We always knew this was a potential issue and it serves as just another sad reminder of the potential long term ramifications of substance abuse. 

Get well soon, Lamar. Let's hope this is nothing but temporary memory loss.
See you on the dark side of the moon :(
Wasn't he getting better? If true, this sucks 
This happened to my mom after drinking and falling off the top of a car at 16, granted the damage was from the fall and the drugs sadly things are never gonna be the same for Odom and family :(
To anyone who's seen Spectre, I immediately thought of the creepy lab scene with the tiny drills
Serious brain damage, but competent enough to sign papers to reverse his divorce
That must be painful for the Kardashians. Someone does not know who they are.
[deleted]
yeah but can he still run the triangle offense?
No kardashian jokes please
He could still beat all the Kardashians at chess.
I feel like they've been hiding this or playing it off like everything will get better. When I first heard about the multiple strokes and being in a coma I immediately thought of a situation someone I know was in.

You don't come back from that. You forget faces, slur your speech and just really can't function on your own. Loved ones try to keep you alive but you're living entirely with the help of machines. Doctors know when they can't fix a person but families understandably can't accept that their loved one won't get better.

It's hard, I know. But as someone who knew someone in a similar situation I'd be shocked if Lamar survives this. This new report doesn't surprise me. The report about him recovering surprised me. It's hard to accept.
Kinda expected. Would've been beyond a miracle if he had no brain damage or anything after so much substance abuse.
This is fucking tragic as all hell.  

I don't know why I'm surprised jokes are a the top of the thread, but fuck guys, this man got really fucked up, I just can't see making fun of him as humorous. 
If he can't recognize close people, he most likely has temporal lobe damage.  Is there any info about localized damage?  Anything else but him not recognizing his parents? Does he not recognize their faces, or his parents, regardless of the sensory medium (visual or auditory)?  Does he not remember who his parents are?

Sorry for all the questions. Just super curious. 
Well, She's  got power of attorney over him as he legal wife now.  So instead of a divorce and getting half of his cash she's basically got all of it now... and can put his ass in a home.. or stick him in room with a nurse until he dies while she can move on and fuck whoever she wants.

Fuck that.. that's a pitiful situation. 
Aphasia isn't uncommon for stroke victims, and Odom had multiple strokes. Prognosis depends almost entirely on how severe his strokes were(how long they lasted). But with a supportive environment, determined patient, and quality therapy, anything is possible. I have no doubt that Odom can overcome his injuries at least to some degree.
He's a new man
If they give this guy a kidney, I'm going to be fairly disappointed. 
To look on the bright side of things ,  not being able to recognize any of the kardashians Lamar might be better off than the rest of us 
Did he not know Bruce is Caitlyn now?
That's unfortunate. Oh well, at least he'll be able to fit in with the Kardashians now. 
That's what horrible decisions get you. 
The perfect chance to dump useless family.
He can recognize Khloe though
I just took my Dad for his first 'outing' since his stroke (6 months ago). I would be devastated if he didn't remember me. Much less be able to wipe his ass or enjoy life. I feel very lucky right now.
But can he still play b-ball
How the hell do you suffer 12 strokes and live...?
Not out of the ordinary consequences. Drink too much. Drugs in the upper family. Blood pressure rising. No attempt to lower the pressure. At some point the pressure via your heart and brain overcomes itself......


BOOOOOM.
No...this is what I feared...

damn
Looks like Khloe's off the hook. 
Maybe he's happier now. 


I can't believe the top rated comments are jokes. Yeah Odom is a moron but this is a serious thing
yet we had stories within 48 hours of lamar being found of 'Khloe and Lamar not getting divorced, giving marriage another shot!'...smdh...
This cat holes up in a love nest, consumes drugs and alcohol and gets his girl back?  Is that how you do it?
This would make more sense than the reports where he was immediately talking to people and texting friends and family. His oxygen levels were likely low for a long period of time, the brothel place was supposedly a pretty long drive. The brain can't do without oxygen forever. 
I know there's been a lot of conflicting reports about Odom, but this is probably the most realistic result.

Just because he caught a huge break in surviving and he's not going to be a vegetable doesn't mean he'll just go back to normal. Dude took a potentially lethal combination of drugs. He was unconscious for hours before anyone even saw him, and it took hours after that to get him to a hospital.

He's very lucky to be alive. Even luckier not to be brain-dead. We got really optimistic when he woke up and started talking, but deep down everybody knew there was no way he would walk away from this the same Lamar.
He just wanted Khloe to go away. WP Lamar.
wow
Fuck
Drugs: Makes you forget the Kardashians
So is this why Khloe went back to James Harden? That's fucked up. Fuck a James Harden
Weren't there reports saying he had no brain damage ? Man, this is terrible...
That really is sad. Thought he was doing better, though you never really get out of a coma unscathed i suppose.
Damn it....I thought he was getting better :(

Hope the fears are alleviated via the doctors.
that is why those initial reports of "he's recovered, he's fine!" had me very skeptical. you don't go brain dead and just recover fine. i have a friend from college that has serious brain damage from drug overdose, and he can barely speak, needs a full time caretaker, etc. it's sad.
Kardashian soul suckers, amongst other things.. 
Stunning and brave.
Even though I laughed and up voted it's kinda fucked up we're making light of a pretty messed up situation 
Lamar odom goes off on tmz 2 months before his hospitalization: "im sick of yall and I'm about to expose yall. I know what yall be doing to them rappers"
https://youtu.be/nofeyuqtzkA

If I woke up to Kardashians, I would act like I didn't know who they were too. 
Who gives a fuck just let his dumbass drop already. 
I thought he was getting a consistent flow of oxygen?
They might have to do this.  

https://youtu.be/PSWxlaYKoMw?t=2m50s
Not able to recognize the Kardashians. I'll take that brain damage
The whore house drug overdose probably has something to do with this latest development. 
In his defense, marrying a Kardashian would make me consider heavy substance abuse
[deleted]
Damn that's tragic:((
He'll recover. I'm sure of it. 
Hey what ever it takes to forget the kardashians
I wouldn't want to remember Khloe either.
Honestly i dont give a shit about a millionaire  doing what he aimed to do and fail and then have another millionaire his [ex]wife spend her all her air time...   
Let's hope this is a case of him pretending he doesn't know who the Kardashians are, so he doesn't have to see them anymore.
It's all an act.  He finally has a way to get away from those trashy Kardashian shit stains.
How can Chloe profit from this? Read People to find out.

Edit: I don't care how much I get down voted, but are any of you fuck nuts going to try to defend Chloe? Didn't think so.
Funny how this was front page of reddit a couple weeks ago and now no one gives a shit again.
"Odom is still struggling to recover basic functions after he suffered many strokes and was found unconscious in a Nevada brothel"

Suffered might not be the best word for describing strokes at a brothel...
At least we know he will never be in the NBA again.
wow this isn't something to laugh about he has disease and brain damage a little soon for jokes.  Praying for Odom and his fam.
[deleted]
His father in law is now his mother in law. I'd be confused, too.
Please give him medical cannabis. It's been proven to help repair a damaged brain.
Awesome!
Porzingis kill list:

[X] LaMarcus Aldridge

[X] Kevin Love

[X] Greg Monroe

[X] James Johnson
death taxes spurs 50 wins porzingis putback slam

http://imgur.com/YgjGDXM
He already has his signature move
What scares me about him (in a good way) is that he plays like he actually knows he is 7'3. That is rare.
KRISTAPS PORZINGIS KILLED THE DINOSAURS.
~~Aldridge~~

~~Love~~

~~Monroe~~

~~Jonas~~

He's coming for your big man. He will crush you.
ANOTHER ONE
Wow. He's a fucking machine. 
Kristaps, what is best in life? To dunk on your enemies, see them flailing before you, and to hear the lamentations of their fans.
On the whole damn squad b.
This is why I get out of bed in the morning.
Zingis Khan pass to Melo is basically an assist to himself now.
HE COULDNT BAPTIZE AN ELITE PF SO HE DUNKED ON THREE DUDES INSTEAD 
Averaging 1.0 Putbacks/game is that a record?
UAV READY FOR DEPLOYMENT
All hail the Put Back God
This makes me so wet. 
I actually jumped outta my seat the same way I did when Ross dunked on Kenny F. That was amazing. 
Nasty sassy stuff right there
Kristap Porzingis has a league-leading 6 putback dunks this season. Seven teams are looking for their first putback dunk......
WITH NO REGARD FOR HUMAN LIFE PORZINGOD!
http://i.imgur.com/PdCjkMe.gif 

I like Kristaps a lot, looks very promising so far

What a time to be alive
Making up for not getting one last game by getting 3 Raptors at once
Maybe 20 more of these and Stephen A will respect him enough to say his name right.
P BAGGED 
It's an inevitability at this point
Remember when Air Bargnani tried dunking and infamously just ate shit? Or when Mozgov got dunked on by Blake Griffin? Porzingis dunking on every PF in the NBA left and right is refreshing.
Porzingis taking out more Raptors than Jeff Goldblum
DAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM
good God, I'm rockin a nice heavy chub right now....
LET'S GO HOME LADIES AND GENTLEMEN!
He made the businessman by the stairs get up and go home
The legend continues to grow...
They just keeping getting better, I think he might actually kill someone eventually
can't wait for the inevitable Porzingis buzzer beater alley oop
if this was bargnani we all know how this would have ended
All hail!!!
Robin Lopez was a necessary casualty.
The Knickstape may be over but it's time for Kristaps. 

Yeah I know it's corny 
Is it just me or does every streamable skip frames at the titular moments? 
What the fuck?! He has like 3 of these a week I feel like. He's some sort of Dirk and Giannis hybrid.
Hey, Latvian on the front-page, yeeey.
Just give him the MVP trophy already 
Sheesh that one was pretty much over 3.5 guys.
They keep getting better
I'm in love
KRISTAPPIN DAT PORZINGASS
Imagine how many put back dunks he would have playing next to kobe.... 
KRISTAP WONT STOP
I have never seen Dirk Nowitzki do a put back dunk. Let alone the ones as vicious as Porzingis has been dishing out. 
if you are very quiet late at night and listen carefully you can actually hear kristaps porzingis growing taller
I think I just found God
Porzingis is the Anthony Martial of /r/nba
ANOTHER...FIVE?
Another memory for Remembrance Day tomorrow. 
[Is this real life?](http://imgur.com/WKc2zxR)
I am in awe of this kid 
Put Back Porzingis is at it again! 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TqHP5ubcjHY
Jus waiting for bronson to name drop porzingis in a song
http://imgur.com/x7xxDon
Thank you to the country of Latvia.
look out Big Al, the Zinger is coming for you...
Porzingod casting his wrath across borders 
He went through the 6 with his woes
BEAST!!!!
So savage that he even dunked on Lopez. RIP Defenders.
[ #PORZIŅĢIS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EhhSFKgMhlo)
Is it too far to say HARE KRISTAPS?
So..
Curry: starts running away right after he releases his shots.
Porzingis: starts running towards right after teammates release their shots.
This is entering Blake Griffin rookie year "he's dunking on everyone" levels
RIP. Holy fuckin' shit.
I look forward to watching the 90-minute career mix of Porzingis putback slams in ~14 years.
How do they keep getting better every time?? When is it going to end? Can he Blake Griffin Blake Griffin?
Over under 50 put back dunks for Porzingis this season?
I'm starting to think they draw this up for him
This dude gets a put back every game and can't even get an offensive board in 2k


🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐
Dude Machine plays for the knicks??
This Porzingas put-back dunk thing reminds me of the excitement of Linsanity.
putsback porzingis
He literally gave no fucks on that one 
He's the Anti-Bargnani.
Melo racking up the Melo assists.
That's his nastiest one yet. 
"I will break you"
Porinzgod just dropped a meteor on those poor raptors.
This is getting boring. I wanna see a putback 3!
Damn that one was really over half their team.
Can I get all his putbacks in one streamable.

Need it now because by the end of the season the resulting streamable will be 2 days long.
gawd this makes me happier than I thought it would.

hope PJax is sitting in a lounge chair smoking a cigar
Porzingis with me!
MY GOD, DOES THIS MAN KNOW NO BOUNDS?! STOP IT, PORZINGIS! WE CAN'T TAKE ANY MORE HIGHLIGHTS!
That was literally the best thing he could of done. Passed to melo then got a rebound + score
99 Putback Tendency
Scola's face been looking hurt since. It was hurt before,  but it hasn't shown any improvement since. 
What a time to be alive.
I love how Porzingis doesn't taunt. Sportsmanship and humbleness are so rare these days. 
Oh my god are we next?! Whiteside and Bosh beware of Porzingod!
Two to three years to develop
Should other Knick's player's be worried of sharing a lockerroom and shower with this guy?
Dirk never did this
bully season
the white blake griffin
Had to make a meme for this guy...Classic 80s Def Leppard...

POR some ZINGIS on me!

http://imgur.com/G7GahfH
[Every team's reaction after another Porzi Putback.](http://imgur.com/Q5rBro9)
His timing on those is impeccable
A Porzingod putback? It's been 5 minutes and you have 40 upvotes. Up to the front page of /r/NBA you go!
I don't know what's an over the back and what's not anymore.
Kinda wish Lakers drafted him... 
Can he get invited to the slam dunk contest already, if he doesn't I'm claiming racism.
Only 20 minutes today though, no foul trouble.  Guess Fisher doesn't trust him in the 4th.
Putback-zingis!
Kristaps is the undeniable putback King 
At this point I will be disappointed if he doesn't record at least one PDPG (putback dunk per game) 
We need a nickname for this
This kid is the truth 
Porzingod
Best part of this was his effort to charge in from beyond the arc to get it; you don't see that effort much from big men.
You would think teams would start to pay more attention ro Porzings and box him out but I guess they want to get added to his hit list too. 
Someone box out Kristaps.
Holy shit! That's one of the best put backs over ever seen!
look at that rookie mean mug. like a mixture of anger and confusion. i dont know how to feel
how many of these putbacks are off Melo misses?
bruh
/r/porzingod 
Every damn day 
good guy porzingis; he a single person to be embarassed so instead he jump over 3 dues instead
In a ton of traffic, too. Damn.
Damn that looked like a prime Shaq highlight dunk
These put-back dunks are getting insane now 
I want to brew the finest beer ever made, have his face on the label and call it: 

Put-Back-Porterzingus 
#Putback City
KRISTAPS PORPUTBACK
Captain Putback!
I could do a better job of boxing him out than I saw on any of these.
Um.... Am I the only one who didn't know Sasha was back in the league...?
He has the lure of animal.
This is stupid. We won't need to wait for long until he dunks on all 5 opponent players at once.
I'm saucin' saucin' saucin'...
This kid is something else. 
I really want us to make the playoffs this year. Not just for the obvious reasons, but I already know for a fact he'll have at least one of these in the first series, and it will be fucking incredible. 
KRISTAPS POSTERIZINGIS
Porzingis is like an actual Monstar
Windex man
That's some superman-like flying.  He has to take away Howard's cape.
Kristaps Putzingback
Next Wilt?
I watched this 11 times.
Has a whole new meaning...
http://l1.yimg.com/bt/api/res/1.2/qNNI23UeAlPRIxg7Ga2DYQ--/YXBwaWQ9eW5ld3NfbGVnbztxPTg1O3c9NDUw/http://l.yimg.com/os/publish-images/sports/2015-06-26/f091b240-1b97-11e5-9389-6710f936dd35_knicks2.gif
Phenomenal! Posterzingis khan strikes again!
[deleted]
I don't even care about wins anymore. I'm judging our season solely on the number of Porzingis put backs.
STAPS W THE JAM!!
I really like this dude. 
I can't wait for Dwight
ESPN gonna be like, "nba record for most consecutive put back dunks."
Box out children. 
The Knicks are so exciting this year. 4-4, they're already 23.5% to last season's win total. I think they'll end up being one of those teams throughout the year that has close game after close game, which should be a ton of fun with Porzingod and Melo on the floor. I think they make the 8th seed by a close battle this year.

There's gotta be a lot of Knicks fans regretting how they felt on draft night.

Between the Wolves and Knicks, I love seeing bad teams become good. Now if only Philly and LA could get their shit together...
I'll take one of these please...
At first it was cool cause i thought we would see "flashes" of doing cool things, but he is doing it game after game. Doesn't look as flashy as blake griffin dunking on people but dang man porzingis really is looking good. I honestly wonder how far down he would have gone if phil didnt pick him. I know Phil was trying to trade down since he probably knew alot didnt have him on their radar.
PORZINGOD!
It's Kristaps Porzingis' world and we are all just living in it.
In case you missed them, [the others.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=88&amp;v=t95MuUIVsxA) 
Believe in Phil! 
Awesome.  This rookie class is looking to be incredibly good already.

From what i've seen, Porzingas still has a long way to go adapting to the mental aspect of the NBA game, but even so.... he's already an impact player.  He's got a very bright future.
Trade melo and build around zingus
Making the draft day crowd look SILLY
He's not human.
I did not expect Porzingis to be playing this well this early. Maybe the Knicks finally have a player they can build around.
So... who did the Knicks fans even want them to draft anyways? Or were they just going to boo regardless? Porzingis so far is probably doing better than anyone else they could've drafted.
It hurts my vocal cords to listen to the Raptors announcer
damnnnnnnnnnnnn carmelo was pissed before, now porzingis just saving his ass
textbook put-backs and coming around to be a solid player. Knicks fans no longer regret drafting him.
This guy reminds me of Ivan Dragon from Rocky
Dissolve the franchise. 

Just close the arena now.
/tear
Putback Porzingis 
I'm not very good with computers so can someone come up with a random bingo generator with the faces of the big men in our league. As the season goes on and more people get murdered by this beast, we can x them out and call "Porzingo" when we can 5 across, down, or diagonal.



As someone who hasn't watched porzingis play, I assume all he does is putback dunks /s
Kristaps Putdunkbackis!
i was sitting here eating my por-k when I suddenly yelled por-zignis gracious as the porzingod por-nished the poor rim 
All the Knicks fans and Knicks people on /r/NBA and everyone else who could question Phil [mother fucking 13 rings](http://media.zenfs.com/en/blogs/sptusnbaexperts/Count-the-ringzzzzz.-Photo-via-@PhilJackson11.jpg) Jackson are looking mighty fucking dumb... well y'all did during the 

How could you even question that man on anything he does basketball related?
Somebody box this man out!
I did not know that Vujacic was still in the league. 
More like Krisputback Dunkazingis. I'll show myself out. 
Lol he passed to a wide open pf for a slam and they missed it.. That's some 2k shit 
That was the sorriest/greatest stretch of basketball I've ever seen. 
kobe channeling his inner [kendrick perkins](http://i.imgur.com/r8sgH.jpg)
Just like Byron drew it up. 
Kobe: "I'm not retiring"
His best game of the season! CLUTCH
Yay positive Kobe play
That hug with Russell at the end... I swear its like watching the Grinch's heart grow to normal size. Even with that chuckle after he hit that big shot against the pacers, it's like his retirement announcement has changed him somehow; like he's almost observing himself in these last moments. It's kinda crazy to watch (in a good way), especially alongside such fellow greats like Duncan and Nowitski who approach it with such aloofness and stoicism... I kinda like that he's doing everything he can to enjoy his last season. He's hunting for those 'feels' - hitting a big shot, winning a close game, the feelings that defined his career. I think he's trying to savor every last moment of them while he still can.
For most fans this would be cringe-worthy. But moments like these are actually the highlights of our season. 
Did kobe give dlo a hug, wtf is this world coming to
that wasn't basketball, that was 10 people running around for 30 seconds 
Kobe shits on trash ass Lebron. Kobe wasn't one Ray Allen 3 away from being 1-5 in the finals 
THATS WHY KOBE DONT PASS

Wow I haven't been watching too many of the Lakers games recently, but Kobe's shooting form looks way off. Has it been like that this entire season?
You either die a hero, or live long enough to see yourself become Kendrick Perkins.
Jesus Christ the Wiz played sloppy tonight. You've gotta play pretty fucking sloppy to let the Lakers win. 
This is the most Westbrook play
After the first blown dunk: "He looks tired, let's see if i can  get him to oop it!"
What a fantastic mess. Confused young guys running around, Kobe trying to be Kobe, and a coach that surely must be just trolling at this point. I'm going to have to watch as many Lakers games as possible this season because this is the type of season that, for better or worse, I'll remember nostalgically in the future. 
Lakers basketball right there.
What a terrible sequence for the wizards
That was very pleasing to watch. 
Kobe with that Perkins GOAT form
Why did I just watch that? Oh my eyes, my eyes *buuuuurrrrnnnn......*
Basketball at it's finest 
Kobe probably like i'm too old for this shit during this sequence.
Just got home from the game... As a Wiz fan, it was tough rooting against my team, but Kobe is the reason I got into basketball. The Phone Booth was hyped all night, but when this happened, the place EXPLODED.

A night to remember. 
I was at the Verizon center tonight. 

3 defenders on Kobe, "give him the ball!!"

someone else on the lakers makes a bucket, "KOBE" 
With all the anti kobe going around I was expecting that whole sequence to be him
You know that scene from the Simpsons where Bart slow-mo's the videotape of the exact moment where Ralph's heart was torn apart?

That was basically me, in the stands, during this stretch. 
K0B3!
Looked horrible, but I kinda enjoyed it. 7/10 would watch again.
Lol, lou will got atributed with both of those steals even though it was lance and kobe who stole the ball.
Kobe taking shooting form lessons from Perkins, I see. 
I was watching this play live and as a Lakers fan this whole sequence was an emotional rollercoaster.
So fortunate to have gone to this game. The crowd was ELECTRIC and this play along with Kobe's dagger shot in the last minute was so so so fun to watch. This game will be hard to top for sure. :)
whoever wrote that post on why kobe is missing so much nailed it look at his form here thats right from curry 
Even Kobe is surprised when he makes a shot 
i havent seen this season's lakers played even in tv yet, but man, is this how disorganize they are? no set play, no plan of attack/ im really sad now.
Looked a lot like my old rec-league games in middle school
Holy shit these crowds cheering for Kobe to hit big shots. This season will be so surreal. 
So fortunate to have to throw extra hard on my 3s You know that scene from the game...
That sure isn't showtime Lakers..
His shot looks so weird now.
That was IN Washington.

I know you didn't realize because of the roar of the crowed when Kobe scored, but damn that is pathetic.
Peak ~~oil~~ basketball.
what the hell is going on here
Why is Kobe doing that to his feet when he shoots a three? Is there science behind it? I think that contributes to his missing a lot.......
For a while there, I thought I was watching the Rockets. That Wizards effort level wow
Why does Kobe do the Perkins follow through after all his threes now?
You know it's going in once he got the Perkins stance down
vintage kobe is back??
Holy hell I haven't seen Kobe play yet this year but it looks like he lost a lot of lift on his jumper 
I swear whenever Kobe does the Kendrick Perkins follow through on threes, he makes them. It's uncanny almost.
ClownFiesta
Holy hell I haven't been watching too many of the 4th quarter on a close game.
kobe showing these young'ns how its done
Lol it's in the stands, during this sequence.
That Wizards crowd is getting buck wild. 
Now dats paper. 
I can hear Jeff Van Gundy calling this sloppy, since it is, but man was that a great sequence.
Genuine question: What's up with Washington?

I just realized that they're 7-9. I had assumed that they would be 10-6 or something. 
First Time...Everytime
That was basically me, in the middle of the NBA.
Kobe with the Perkins YOLO followthrough!!!

BTW - Does anyone know where to find the gif of Ibaka doing a YOLO followthrough with Perkins at his side as aa Jedi ghost?
I'm going to have gone to this game.
The crowd going crazy for Kobe... I love it.
But but but...everyone on the floor This is the peak of the 4th quarter on a close game.
He shot that like Steph...
Im just happy to see yourself become Kendrick Perkins.
This is not a highlight.  
Is it just me or does he release that shot earlier than he used to? I thought he usually goes higher into the jump then releases. 
If that's the kind of plays Byron Scott teaches I understand why the Lakers lose so much, that's damn hard to master and then execute correctely.
After reading the title I was like oh shit, thats one of those bad days for Kobe with 3 turnovers and a missed dunk..
Seeing the crowds reaction gave me chills. Not many players will get the same response during their last season. 
I remember Shaq constantly bricking free throws in the same response during their last season.
How Kobe reacted after the play is something I don't think we could have dreamed of seeing 3 or 4 years ago.  I think he's taking this mentorship seriously.
dat follow-through tho
When's the last time Kobe hugged a player on the court, during a game, let alone during the regular season? I don't think I have ever seen that before. I've always been a big fan of Kobe, luckily got to see him play a couple years back. It's good to see him enjoy his last moments as one of the best players of all time.
When I saw this title, I thought it was Kobe that did all of these things back to back....
Just because you all aren't ready for Kobe's playoff push doesn't mean I'm not!
That was a complete clusterfuck. I mean even high school games aren't this bad. lol
In a sport when thinking about the last few games though.
Peak oil basketball. what the hell is going on here Why is every team coached by thibs and Ron bloody Adams?
I was working on a jigsaw puzzle during the game last night, and decided that every time I grab a piece and attempt to place in a spot I saw aloud "KOBE!" 

I am probably hitting the same percentage and volume as he is
Kobe with the low-key Kendrick Perkins. 
Pretty sure I had a stroke after this 
Lol Kobe did the Bynum at the end.
You can just tell by kobes body language that he hasn't a fuck to give.
Weird af to see Kobe huggin dudes like that. 
I'm jealous of DLo only because he gets to hug Kobe
[deleted]
"Curry!" -Kobe
Bye you rapist, won't miss you.
Is this even Basketball?!
Such lakers, wow
"What's a God to a nonbeliever"
Just imagine for a second if this was Porzingis putting Dwight on the poster. Highest upvoted post on r/nba of all time? lol.
Poor Zingis
Where's your God now r/nba?
RIP /r/nba
Where were you when Kristaps was kill?
is /r/nba like a prison bitch? now since howard destroyed zingis, do all our loyalties transfer to dwight?


The Rockets sends their regards.
[Seems appropriate] (https://media3.giphy.com/media/10ERZqYioLWJ6U/giphy.gif) 
The god of /r/nba will never be vanquished!

But damnnnnnnnnn...
Can confirm, Porzingis ded.
Video of the play.

https://streamable.com/bfh7
Do Porzingods bleed?

They will.
This sub's poster child literally just became one
*slowly takes off Porzingis jersey*
Well every rookie needs an introduction to the NBA.
God damn
It was a good career while it lasted. #Thankyoukobe!

Edit: I meant Kristaps
Don't do him like that Dwight. 
just completely dad dicked him with the body shove
Thank you!
Kobe about to be gone and now this. Dwight takes the W tonight. 
Porzingis and Knicks fans should be proud. When you see players run in front of a lob pass to a big man with leaping ability to deny - you know they  aint soft. 
\#prayforporzingis
There's going to be some interesting comments in this thread
Pffft, big deal, Kristaps is already the king of putbacks ^holy ^fuck ^^what ^^a ^^dunk
http://giant.gfycat.com/QueasyNarrowHalicore.gif
The reactions from the bench/crowd are amazing. Guy two rows behind bench goes to cry on his girlfriend's shoulder hahaha
I dont know why but this made me so happy. Suck it /r/nba 
Dwight Howard the Anti-Christ
Sometimes I like to give the defensive player credit. Porzingis played solid defense. He got high up and kept relatively straight up and tried to swat away the lob. Sometimes the offense gets stopped, and then sometimes that offense is Dwight Howard and doesn't obey the laws of physics.
[Holy shit...](https://media.giphy.com/media/n8eU11XoQkuI0/giphy.gif)
Dwight/Thornton with the high pick and roll in OT. Great coaching! 
How good was Porzingis?
Dunk of the year
Even Zeus was captured in an net by his fellow gods, just saying.
Oh mama that was a spicy dunk
Welp shut down the sub. 
Holy shit. Dad dicked
That was a pretty good contest though. 
This is the kind of shit that creates super villains.
Haha of course there's a gif of "Harden's insane D" getting much more attention than this. 
lmao at Derrick Williams' bench reaction.
RIP Porzingod 2015-2015
Posted this very thing not 5 minutes ago and it was taken down. 

Edit: I posted a Vine - my own dumbass fault. Please ignore.
Glorious. Especially when someone made a gif of Harden fading out in favor of Porzingis makes this x100 times better. 
Rookies get dunked on. [Dwight knows](http://ballislife.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/17736-kobe-dunk-on-dwight-howard.jpg)
DON'T JUMP YOUNGBLOOD
That's the most vicious dunk I've seen Dwight throw down in 2+ years with the Rockets.
Dwight dunks on Porzingis but Porzingis gets all the props for the dunk... Thats r/nba for you in a nutshell. Lol
Oh dear god. Good on him for trying to contest and all, but GOD. DAMN.
That was fuckin dirty 
That was dirty. Big ups for him trying to block it though. 
Kudos to the kid for protecting the rim, but damn, that was vintage Dwight.  Welcome to the league, rook.
I pooped 
And all of /r/NBA flinches at once 
Kristaps Knight
Good lord
Rockets scored a few more after this. They were pumped and all smiles!
Dunk of the year so far if you ask me. DJ on Brandon Knight-esque. Derozan on Gobert makes it a close call though. 
Dang
I'm sorry but imagine how crazy this would be if it were the other way around.
Poor guy thought he had a chance at blocking it.
I like seeing all the mouth coverings going on at and behind the bench.
You had a golden opportunity for Poorzingis. :(
Welcome to the NBA, youngblood!
Welcome... To... The... MOTHERFUCKING SHOW
HE'S JUST A BOY. HAVE MERCY
HOWARGOD
Kristaps seems like a bust.
Great poster gotta love the fearlessness of Porzingis to go up like that
Eh, it's better than ducking out of the way like a little bitch
I always rather have my player get posterized than not try. 
I was at the game for this, the crowds reaction was ridiculous. i even said to my brother that the rockets were going to win, the momentum totally shifted.  
Nope, didn't happen.  This was photoshopped 
welcome to the league... brutal finish
Dwight doing something good? Porzingod getting dunked on? Great play? I'll see you in the controversial section. 
rip Porzinjiz circlejerk 
**THE KING IS DEAD. LONG LIVE THE KING.**
God vs Superman
That crowd and bench reaction was priceless 
oh shiiitttt... dwight's still got it. 
Dwight Howard, WITH NO REGARD FOR HUMAN LIFE!!!
Welcome to the NBA. 
Dwight didn't even get full lift on that. He's had good health in spots the last few years, but even when not 100 percent healthy he is a freak athlete. Good to see him talk some shit too lol. "That's my fucking basket."
he probably missed the free throw. 
Hopefully rockets can hold a decent record now that Dwight can play back to back games.
Poorzingis.
Look at all the girls right behind the bench in some of the best seats and most expensive seats in the stadium during a tied game in overtime absolutely not paying attention whatsoever. I would kill to have those seats and to witness one of the best posterizations of the year and maybe one of the best ever. They were probably treated to those seats by their rich boyfriends and couldn't care less.

I'm salty.
KP: "i never experience dis in latvia"
HA HA..love it when a villain shits on a hero..
The circle of life...
weight room!
He is biding his time...he will strike again soon
/r/nba's poster boy got postered RIP Porzingis 
hurry the fuck up and get back to all star level basketball dwight. rockets need it badly
On this day, two gods have fallen.


The Mamba  and the Porzingod
You can just read Porzingis' body language so clearly afterwards.

['What was I thinking.'](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/9a/d3/9f/9ad39faa0860ae91a46c1c7b6af83e4c.jpg)
I'm going to assume the 7% who downvoted are Knicks fans.

edit: wow it's now 12%
Shh bby is ok
Length is huge but sometimes when a dudes got power... length gets fucked on.
The worst comment thread in r/nba in a long time. The porzingis circlejerk coming head to head with the rocket-hate circlejerk and somehow making this about 36L and not D12. Thank god Kobe announced retirement or the this subs anus might have prolapsed from such immense butthurt
That's a murder. 
Dwight with some rookie hazing
So much power. That was the most someone got dunked on since Vince dunked on Mourning.
Just look at the guy with a towel. lol
This must've been what knicks fans had in mind when they booed at the draft.
now that was a dunk. 
he showed signs. come back monster dwight

the crowd reactions in the clip are pretty good
Poor Zingus...
Shades of Orlando Dwight!
NO nO noooooo!
Unforgivable 
Would have been so much better if he hung on the rim
Who's this Dwight Godward guy?? Seems really good. He was booed some time ago but now this, wow, this guy has stepped up his game. He may be the next superstar!! 
welcome to the league young fella
Dwight fucked up. KP is gonna hit the gym now and pack on 20 lbs of solid muscle.
That was ferocious
Poorzingis
blonde lady reaction in the upper left 
\#Poorzingis
It's about to be in the background with smug looks.
Poorzingis
whats selfie kid's instagram? i want to know how he feels about this
Damn. I knew it would happen at some point this season, but why did it have to be Dwight? 
The Knicks bench though..
Appropriate:

http://youtu.be/8p5M6KKx6GA
I have respect for anyone that will put there body on the line to attempt to block a player like Howard.  
The word "posterize" gets used *way too fucking much* for dunks.
I'd be more impressed to find out he made the free throw
Poorzingas. 
I like that Porzingod isn't afraid to go for the block, great reflexes too. kid's gunna be a HOFamer
oh lawd
[o no he didnt](http://i947.photobucket.com/albums/ad311/AyVee23/gooo.gif)
uhhhhh..... welcome to the nba porzingis?
more like RIPzingis
That was actually pretty good defense by Three6 Latvia, but Dwight just murdered him. Goddamn.
His athleticism is obviously still there. Isn't he 30 in about a week?
Jahlil is thinking - if I commit this type of murder, will the Sixers release me?
Did the ref call a foul? They were both jumping for the ball. I really don't understand basketball.
I feel like his teammates want to make an ohhh nasty face but then remembered it was their teammate that got posterized.
Oh man that was child abuse. 
RIP Porzingis. 
Poor-zingis
Jose Calderon felt that one in his bones. 
The Lord has been crucified. A moment of silence please.
"Welcome to the league, youngblood."
The Knicks bench reaction sums it all up:
Derrick Williams - "dayyyyyym"
Kyle O'Quinn - "glad that weren't me"
Lou Amundson - "fuck!"
Sasha Vujacic - "does this means i get more playing time?"
Can we take a moment to recognize how terrible a job the Knicks did on defense to set that up?  Seraphin is out of position on that entire pick and roll and Calderon took a terrible line back to his man to get back in position.
I forgot Dwight could dunk 
Superman is in a building!)
Poor Zingis. 
Gotta get your weight up after that young rookie!
&gt;Poor Porzingis

You really didn't think of just "Poorzingis"? Smh op.
Honestly, that's about as well as anyone not named Shaq or Wilt could have played that one. Hack the shit out of him and hope he misses and turn your face away so that if it all goes wrong you'll be anonymous on the poster.  


http://a.espncdn.com/combiner/i?img=%2Fphoto%2F2015%2F1129%2Fr31694_400x600_2-3.jpg&amp;w=267
PorzinGOD DAYUM
"Awwwww, poor zingis!" - my dad 
Poorzingis?
What a fucking loser trying to play defence like that. 
In a few years Porzingas will put on the weight Howard did. And it'll be Zingas with a nasty slam.
The god is slain!
They way he launched up off the ground, in that red jersey and in Houston, was almost like one of those... what are they called again? Oh yeah just like a.... missile.
Why does this subreddit hate the Rockets so much? Personally I hate Dwight Howard because he should be a superstar and plays like a bitch.
every rookie gonna be [baptized](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/xYiHvMuYJ44/maxresdefault.jpg) at some point
Fuck
Kristaps Porzingis challenges D12 at the rim! 

(To continue with the 50/50 headlines)
Rookie vs Seasoned veteran.. lol 

Pretty awesome but. 
Dwight posterizing a promising rookie star to be on the day of the announcement of Kobe"s retirement on a chance overtime game... what a fitting day considering it was Kobe who did this to Dwight.

Passing of the torch.

damn. that was nasty.
It was a good dunk, but not even close to being a dunk of the year as some have suggested. 
How the hell is that a foul?  They both went for the ball and neither had clearly established their position before the ball reached Howards hands.
I can't help it. I just don't like that man. 
[deleted]
This is why he has to put on weight.


ow
Strength vs length
I'm just glad porzingis didn't go full brandon knight 
I feel like this gif shows how size in terms of muscle and weight plays a role in offense, and in Zing's perspective, defense. 
The Latvian is cut!
RIP /r/nba's Lord and Saviour
OMG this was the ultimate anti-circlejerk moment.
Dwight be like, "It's Kobe night, so I'm gonna do what Kobe did to me!" Porzingis baptized in his rookie year just like Dwight.
Lol I am huge knicks fan but missed that tonight cause of walking dead. The best part is seeing the knicks bench covering their mouths when they saying ohhhhhhh shit!
That was flat out disgusting.  Don't feel too bad about it since it came after all those great putback dunks by porzingis :)
I guess he is mortal after all.
shh bby is ok
"Poor" porting porzingas had it coming. Hop off
I'm actually really liking this [Porzingis](http://espn.go.com/blog/new-york-knicks/post/_/id/63614/porzingis-on-dwight-howard-dunk-i-want-to-get-him-back) guy.  
“He dunked on me; he got me. I was asking [my teammates], ‘When is the next game against Houston? I want to get him back,’” Porzingis said with a grin. "You know, it happens. He’s a great player. I’m looking forward to playing next time against him."
He ded 
Dwight has had many questionable life decisions in the past. But dunking on a god tops the list.
Could the 15-16 celtics beat the 95-96 bulls?
this is one of the greatest things I've ever seen. Thank you for changing me
Evan Turner made history with that pass by giving the 76ers a record 0-16 start to the season and their 26th loss in a row. 
That kid looks like he just witnessed Jesus.
Football is still my favorite sport. But /r/NBA is easily the best sports subreddit
"I gotta bail out Evan. Again"

-Jae Crowder
The only thing I would change is when it fades to black, have it say "NBA. Where amazing happens." But with Evan Turner's logo.
In 30 years, we will be telling our grandkids about this moment.
That boy is a young Bill Simmons. 
&gt;A lot of people have been asking me about the shot the other night. And there have been some misconceptions about what actually happened--I wanted to clear it up.    

&gt;When we called time out with 50 seconds to go, we-we went into the huddle and Brad told Evan, he said "Evan I want you to take the last shot." And Evan said "you know Brad I don't feel real comfortable in these situations, so maybe we oughta go in another direction."    

&gt;And Isaiah came in and said "You know Brad, Evan said in his commercial that he's been asked to do this 26 times and he's failed, so why don't we go to Jae?"    

&gt;So I thought to myself, I guess I gotta bail Evan out again. But I've been carrying him all year so what's one more time? Any way, the shot went in and that's my story and I'm sticking to it. 
This will definitely be played at Evan Turner's HOF induction ceremony.
tearjerkingly beautiful.
Love the LOTR soundtrack choice
whats the song you used for this? something from lotr?
We are all witness.
Moments like this are why I watch the NBA. It truly is a amazing league with greatness achieved nightly
Hey /u/kylepg I just got Evan Turner to retweet your video! 
I'll upvote anything with Lord of the Rings score. 
Russell, Bird, McHale, Parish, Pierce, KG, Scalabrine and now Turner... boy do the Celtics have a rich history.
i cried
Oh my god this is amazing 
This. This is the type of stuff that changes lives.
Brings a tear to my eye.
Every generation, there is a moment in a sporting event that transcends sports, that unites our dreams and banishes our shared fears, that rises above the constant buzz of our everyday lives, and forces us to look beyond our internal struggles, our artificial borders, our man-made governments, and our self-serving interests and makes us feel that we are One. One humanity, One world, One nature, all working together to achieve what we told ourselves was not possible. This was not that moment.
ESPN Classics worthy
That.... was ......beautiful. .tears.. 
This is simply amazing.
So, serious question, what the hell is going on with Evan Turner? I'm a huge OSU fan but haven't been following the NBA this year. Has he been playing well? 
this is fricking awesome
Christmas came early. Amazing. 
Two of the greatest competitors of all time dishing it to two of the greatest three point shooters of all time!
I feel so inspired. Later guys, gonna go make something of my life.
doing god's work
I am so happy to have inspired you.

May your life never pale in front of this achievement
God I fucking love this.
This is amazing. Lmao
This is amazing. I love it. What a pair of legends. Of course I am speaking about Crowder and Turner.
his words dont do this play justice
Simply inspirational.
Can't stop watching.
this is simply beautiful
Fuckin Classic
that was beautiful.
Reminds me of those where amazing happens commercials. Wish they still did those.
this is fucking awesome, but i wish you included like parts of evan's interview so taht i could give this to my friend who doesn't really keep up and would undersatnd it from one video. thanks for taking it this far though, great product
http://i.imgur.com/LTMADj5.gif
Why did I just get goosebumps?
This is one of the best things ever posted to this sub
OP, you're fucking amazing for creating this video. 
Evan Turner's legacy.  References a pivotal play in basketball history, uses it against a scrubby D-league 76er team.
I shed a tear. this was beautiful
Love me some lord of the rings type music in random slomo epic videos
I'll upvote anything with Lord of the NBA Evan Turner.
Fuck.  I miss jae
this would be removed from r/nfl
Ohhhhhhhhh man, MJ is so smooth.  
I'm thankful for this. 
Goosebumps! And now I'm crying because of this, a good cry that is. Thank you for this moment, Jesus!
i was waiting for a "where amazing happens" at the end
This was beautiful.
What I think is forgotten in that possession is the presence of mind that Isaiah had to kick it out to Evan Turner to even initiate a small *play* to get *Jae* the *jay*.
Jae Crowder is so clutch. I watched a couple of NCAA and Big East tournament runs when he was at Marquette. The team Marquette had at that time wouldn't have gotten a sniff of tournament action without Jae. He willed them to so many wins with his defense and clutch shooting. I was so surprised to see him drafted so late and then to be traded...

Smh
Thank you for changing me Someone needs to tweet this to Turner I am so happy to have inspired you.
I laughed. I cried. I called my family to tell them I loved them. Thank you /u/kylepg, you have shown us the light of the true hero of the NBA: Evan Turner.
Quality post. 
Absolutely beautiful
"COULD THE SIXERS BEAT THE MID 90s JAZZ?"
Sorry guys. This is my first real season watching basketball. Can someone explain this to me? 
Is this in 240p
[deleted]
[Hard to understand anything he says](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l353j7DNA_Q&amp;t=1m58s)

This is one of the NBA Evan Turner.
Wtf is this?
Ahem... playoffs at least? Would be nice...but close enough
Can someone catch me up? so basically this guy got an assist, and is comparing it to the MJ kerr pass, even though it's no where near as great?
damn lebron still gets up just as high
That's awesome. The first one looks like a set play with Big Z setting the high screen on the elbow; the second is just Bron running off a flashback. 

I wonder if he had a twilight zone moment of the mid-2000's Cavs as he ran down the floor.
Soon as i saw it, i knew i'd seen it before.
Holy shit, this is the same exact play. Whats more impressive is that in 2009 LBJ read the defense when there was no lane. 
This was the first thing I thought of when this play happened last night. 


SICK!
Does anyone know if Hubie Brown actually points out that the play last night was identical as 6 years ago? In the end he is saying "I tell ya, that almost looked like the exact..." That'd be awesome if he pointed that out on live TV.
[Lebron's dunk at Arco Arena](http://cdn.solecollector.com/media/sneakers/images/IG%20Bron%20Dunkman.jpg)
they have that connection
wait... fuck... that was 6 years ago??
I was so sure Williams was the last piece needed for those old Cavs teams but I guess as a number 2 option Williams just isn't there but with this team off the bench he's in the perfect spot
The only difference is that Carmelo didn't get screened like Metta World Peace did in the first one. He just didn't play defense. Which is unusual for him right?
Panthro to Lion-O :')
MO GOTTI
That christmas was great
James really does elevate on that. Geez, he can be so fucking good. He probably has another 4 years left in the tank for top 5 in the league play. And in all honesty, with all the work he has put in to expand his game past just being able to muscle people out the way, his old man game should be solid.
Mo Williams &gt; D Wade
There was a back screen on the original one. Mike Brown is a genius.
Both plays also feature Derek Fisher with a front-row view
OP used to be a Heat fan. 
i wish the cavs went back to those early lebron jerseys, those were sick
Some chemistry never dies.

Really cool find too!
w/e these guys suck...

*sobs*

i miss you
I've always thought him and Mo were a good duo.
My favorite part of this video is the 2009 slow-mo clip of Lebron dunking to Mariah Careys All I Want For Christmas
Mo Williams is gonna be a fucking all star again.
Wait, Mo Williams is playing with LeBron again?!
OP, how did you remember the original play?
#TheReturn
It's called the Kraken, and yes, Mike Brown drew it up.
Sick. Dope. Legit. Finna.
Lebron jams are just so fucking satisfying to watch. Dude always puts so much STANK on it!
This exactly what I thought of when I saw that play! Against the Lakers, I remember Van Gundy was saying how Lebron gets a dunk like that every game from Mo
I think it's more amazing you caught this.
He didn't need the screen the second time.
i feel like the knicks are on the opposite end of 90% of top plays
Probably a stupid question, but are there a lot of basketball jersey that have sleeves?
Odom :(
didn't he run this play with the Heat as well?
Seeing Lamar Odom in the first vid just brings back memories :( 
damn nice defense Melo....at least the first one involved a pick by ZI for LBJ to get open
Even needed 3 dribbles to do it both times.
I don't know about that. Big Z set a backscreen on Lebron's defender in the first play. Lebron just caught Melo slipping on the 2nd play 
Holy shit, think about what Porzingis sees on that play. He turns his head and looks at lebron going by at a million miles and hour and dunking in half a second. That is insanely fast.
That play has been a staple of Lebron's teams his entire career. It's not even a play really just a built in option. If you were to look at a career highlight reel you would see a bunch of these 
The only difference is there was a need for a pick on Metta by Ilgauskas, Carmelo's lazy ass just didn't play defense
How do you guys even peep stuff like this?
idk but this is eerie to me, like i was trying to enjoy my thursday but Illuminati 
Nice play but that defense is horrible on both plays. No one was even looking at him till the last second. 
All I saw was Lamar Odom in a Lakers jersey...
2/6 lol 
Man their jerseys were so much better back then.
[Fog Raw still doing his thing 6 years later.](https://youtu.be/dS0qGi_Spqc?t=22s)
they use to do that like at least once every game. The cavs were so fun to watch in that era.
I miss 2009 LeBron 
If only it was Varejao setting the screen for Mo in the newer version...
Who looked at this and was like I saw this in the 2009 NBA Christmas special?
I knew someone was going to do this when I saw that play
Hubie hasn't lost his memory with old age
lebron with the that will smith stripper shirt
So now we know they will try to run this play going up against a 3-2 zone. 

Clippers video crew, are you paying attention?
6 years from now he'll be jumping higher even
Anyone who watched the game: 

Did Hubie Brown pick that up off the bat? Cool as hell...
I remember when OP had Heat flair lol. 
Wasn't it called "the Kraken"?
I think Melo had a minor stroke when he realised LeBron was gone 
Friendship

I fucking knew it. This play haunts me to this day 
Damn, that was cool.  I'm sorry for Lakers fans. Looking back at good ol'days.
Aww this is sweet! 
dang 2015 lebron got more air time than 2009
Just Panthro hooking up Lion-O, no big deal
This is poetry
Against a Phil Jackson team with a 31 year old volume scorer and a Hispanic center
[deleted]
[deleted]
This title reads like a Buzzfeed headline.
Neat
Not "exactly" the same, since there was no screen set on the point man the second clip, but DAMN close
definitely looks like lebron has less bounce now. 
this generations stockton-maline pnr /s
Yah... and FUCK THOSE SLEEVES!
why does every highlight video title ends with SICK!!
DeMar can do that...
the execution of the celebration.. 10/10
Stoudemire out 2 weeks with PTSD after seeing that shot
Ok this is the one time I'll allow the use of the word [vintage](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xLURC7khQGs)
The 360 noscope wow
Wade really exposed why we were a 16 win team last season with his last 3 possessions.
We Timberwolve'd the fuck outta that
I fucking love the Heat again
Wade looks jackedddddddddddd
Im gonna be so sad when he retires
Wade will forever be must see T.V.
10/10 showmanship. He started bowing before it went in. 
Quietly and without competition, Wade is hands down the most alpha dog player in the league.

He's like the Ron Isley character from R Kelly's Keep it on the Down Low music video.
KA-BOOM
Between Wade and THREE TIME SHOOTING STARS CHALLENGE WINNER Bosh the heat have to be the in the league at hitting half court shots
Stoudemire on the bench probably had repressed memories flashback
Wade shoots better from half court than from the corner
Play of the year so far, amazing.
Gahdamn, everything about this is so smooth...the steal, the spin, the shot, the subtle celebration...
I'm gonna miss Wade when he's gone.
THIS MAKES ME SO HAPPY. Add it to his top 10 of all time highlight real that I watch constantly on youtube
If you told me his shot was the least impressive part about this I wouldn't believe you, but that celebration was the best.
360 no-scope FTW
shame he never won mvp
dat celebration
with the swag spin
that is a great fucking celebration
EL GUADE
Wad3
That was a sexy shot.
That was so graceful. 
DISGUSTING
This is how you have fun. 
WTF....
My Boy DWADE up to his old tricks I see
My boy D-Wade been balling so far this season.
360 no scoped 
I liked the inflatable 3-fingers.  That was fun. 
Him and Bron know how to celebrate✔️
That celebration is glorious 
Wade is definitely leaner than he's been in years past. 
jeez louise
Goddamn swag on a trillion.
I love D Wade
Knew that was good. 
That Dwayne Wade kid is pretty good, how come I havent heard of him?
I really think shots past half court should be 4 points.
Vintage Wade!!!!!!
god damn gfycat takes too long to encode videos
So much swag in that play
Steal. Spin. Swish.
dat celebration

now im having flashbacks
God dammit! Does anyone have a video or something? The above link just will not work for me...it wont load.
FaZe Wade confirmed.
lol legend status
Good job, old-timer!
The decision pt 3
Wolves currently lead the league in half-court heave attempts given up.  
  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4_R1AE2bgWA
COLD AS ICE!!!
Look at that man! Thank you sports gods for this blessed man! 12 years giving us his all, and he's still one of the top ballers in the leagues! He is so pumped!!!! Just his reaction gets me so hyped!
D-Wade is back to being cool-- I love it.  #aresidekickscoolagaintoo?
The NBA is fixed.
45 or 50 foot? A basketball court is like 92 feet... It's way past the halfcourt line.. Dude can't math 
That was so smooth
flashbacks to him swatting amare in phd and hitting a buzzer beater
lame celly
Is it just me or does rubio seem to get fucked over every end of half? First thing that came to my mind was harden's crossover and 3.
How is Prime Wade back?
D wade has still got it.
Someone should Photoshop upvotes coming out of his hands when he blows into then
Did dis dude just do dis
I just got hard
savagery
Classic Wade making it look smooth af
That's a classic D Wade play.
[deleted]
I stopped like Dwade during the Lebron years, but maybe I'm ready to start liking him again. still FUCK HIM for breaking rondo's arm
normal pull up 3 for curry dont see the big deal
T R A V E L B O Y Z
Can we stop using this streamable shit, it's worthless, doesn't even play the clip. Use YouTube.
Skill or luck?
Was that his first three of the season? Awesome.
Act like you've been there. 
Nice to see him understanding his weaknesses and reinventing his release
Stephs gotta get off rookie difficulty 
...
This isn't even fucking fair anymore.
"SHIT, NO, I MEAN'T TO PRESS TRIANG-....nevermind"
... and he just hit a longer one.
johnny flynn
I'm pretty butthurt after that
Wtf 
You don't even need to put Steph Curry in the title. "A wild 3" is enough, everyone knows it's gonna be Steph.
I think its safe to say that Steph Curry is Midorima. 
If he keeps shooting like this, teams are just going to foul him as soon as he gets on the court. Giving up 2 points is better than giving up 3 lmao. Hack-a-Curry.
[All I can think when I watch the Warriors play.](http://i.imgur.com/GfJNU68.gif)
Zedis Lapedis
Wait...did that count?? This is so confusing. He's playing like I was raised to believe the Harlem Globetrotters could play: hitting 40 foot trick shots at whim. 

What is going on??
AM I THE ONLY ONE WHO SAW HIM THROW HIS MOUTH PIECE AND THEN MAKE IT APPEAR IN HIS MOUTH AGAIN????
#\#justcurrythings

Even on an off shooting night Steph Curry still got ice running through his veins. 
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/COBfpBnUEAAtYbj.jpg
Refs only calling touch fouls tonight.
[Steph had to have stolen Baron's old move.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rVOZKJ1D0us)
A little reminiscent of that 3rd quarter buzzer beater he made during the playoff series against the Grizz
Ok wtf... That's a shot you would see in a video game. Holy shit what a crazy shot
Apparently Curry's thing is hitting miracle shots against Memphis.  
Unreal.
Fucking plot armor.
This only proves my theory that Curry made a deal with the devil. Curry can make crazy shots all day but Satan gets to keep all of Curry's testosterone. It's a fair trade really. Play like an old video game character in exchange for looking like an effeminate Arabic prince. 
Lucky shot and yet, not really. Fuck this.
Dear NBA:

Steph is OP.  Please patch immediately.

Signed,

Rest of league.
Ugh, I can't help it. I love the Sixers, I love Big Jah, but Curry is my favorite player. He's just so damn fun to watch.
love the crowds reaction lol
What a hot little slut 
Refs were straight up awful in this game.
LMFAOOOOOOOO

GOAT shooter EVER!!!!!

Warriors fans you are so blessed watching him every night. Damn these 1030PM start times.
As amazing as this shot is, I don't ever think he would get a call the way he was trying to draw a foul. Like I said amazing shot, but if he had missed this shot it would be a really bad shot attempt that cost a possession. But again, I'm trying to use logic when it comes to Curry so...
lol these refs wont call this. yet they call touching fouls every possession for either team
that fucking buzzer beater too
I like going back and just focusing on a different fan every time and seeing their reaction.
i don't have nba 2k16, but i wouldn't be surprised if his 3pt rating was an infinity sign out of 99.
Holy fuck guys. Enjoy this. We are seeing Curry in his fucking prime. I didn't appreciate seeing LeBron in it and I sure as hell am not gonna miss this.
flagrant 3
Bruh.
Craziest shot this year
it just isn't even fair anymore

it's like

why even have the playoffs

just have a month long 29 game series between the healthy Cavs and Warriors
He's a synth. Plain and simple.
broadcaster sounded so mad lol. regardless of who made the shot, how do you not emote a little more than that unamused steph curry...*trying to draw a foul*...
steph forever being better at the actual game of basketball than i am in a freakin' video game 
You can kinda hear the crowd collectively go, "OH COME ON"`

the way the game was getting called, I can see that being a foul. 
I think the funniest thing about this is the whole stadium standing up and being like "What the fuck?!" Best crowd reaction ever. 
Maybe he just really hates Isaac Newton?
Nice Aimbot Steph
Stephortless
Lol
...Da fuq? How is that possible?
i clicked on it thinking that it was going to be him airballing and looking really dumb while trying to flop, "oh the curry circlejerk is over and the backlash has finally begun".

...

a little off.
Heat check
We gotta change up the scoring like in gym class. Boys/Curry's shots: 2s and 3s. Girls/the rest of the NBA: 5s and 10s. It's only fair. 
Is it me or are the Grizzlies playing the warriors like every other game? Must suck to be them these last few weeks
His teammates aren't even surprised it went in. 
all of these clips start with him almost losing the handle in a shaqtin-esque way but then he regains and throws in a 30 footer
Is this video choppy for anyone else?

Dude makes that incredible three and is still mad he didn't get that foul called 
Curry is like teenage Gohan in DBZ when he plays for his high school baseball team and has to avoid using his Super Saiyen powers in order to not arouse suspicions.
I still don´t understand how can someone make so many impossible shots. It should not be possible to hit so many low-percentage shots at his rate. 
How did he became the greatest shooter of all-time so fast and with almost no warning ?
Best shot I've ever seen him make. THAT is saying something. 
He called bank.
That's gotta be shot of the year
He's on 2012-2013 lebron level right now. Just on fucking fire every night.
When you make the opposing crowd react like that, you know you're fucking special. Holy hell, these aren't even that shocking anymore
wat 
Are you kidding me    
Vinestar.
AGAINNNNNN
i don't even understand how that happens
WOW, craziest shot of the year!
Holy crap! This is getting out of hand
This is the exact same hoop he made the 70 footer on too
God he is going to be remembered forever. A top 3 most watchable player ever
"...all part of the plan boys, I intended to do that".
wot 
DUDE WHAT THE FUCK
always on the grizzlies :/
I'm not sure how much longer I can believe that Steph Curry is human.
I.....what.....how.....fuck
this guy. 
At this point, I think he's just bored and finding a way to entertain himself.
How is this even fair for anyone man!! Like what do you say to your player as a coach after someone hits a shot like that? What do you as a player say to your teammate after that happens?! 

Just bullshit hacks man.
I call hacks
Okay, what the hell?
That Curry shot selection
/r/DDDJDD first ballot HOFer
such a savage
Does this guy ever miss anywhere?
That is a percentage shot for curry than most players in the nba shooting uncontested threes
they're playing the grizzlies again so soon? wth
#GAME SLIDERS AT 100
He had ankle problems, they fixed it and now he's better than ever. Just like how Mike had his ankle/foot problem and then became GOAT afterwards.
Steph is that kid in rec league who shoots with two hands and can chuck from 30 feet. You want to tell him "yeah you made it but everyone knows you look dumb." 


This guy must be controlling the ball with telekinesis or something
THAT"S A BAD MAN!!!!!!
That is stupid unfair
WHAT THE FUCK
Check out the reactions of the spectators.
Apparently the bank was open on the holiday 
Sure...but when the Lakers try and do it.

I was following that game on my phone, when the play by play came up with "Steph Curry makes a 3-point driving bank jump shot from 29 feet out." Thought it had to be a typo.
when flopping goes right?
I'm going to start submitting gifs where steph curry throws a shot like this but misses and everyone will be more surprised than if he made it.
Someone needs to turn the skill level back up to all-star 
I thought this was going to be a "See, Harden isn't the only annoying superstar!" post. But of fucking course it went in. 
We need mics hooked up to the team playing the Warriors each night then make reaction montages to Curry's 3s.
so is he gonna get fined for flopping there?
I just..... I'm speechless. 

I don't even care anymore. I'm jumping on the Steph Curry bandwagon. This guy is just too fun to watch. 
That would be the stupidest shot if it was any other player. I dont even like him but he's transcending the game at this point
how
Curry is absolutely bananas. He's on another planet
hilarious shot, i just laugh watching steph. the Memphis broadcast said its an automatic tech for punching the air like that when arguing a call, do refs actually call that ever?
Goddamn
Someone sitting court side just had their head explode
Can someone fix the sliders already? 
That was one of 2 crazy long 3s of the night.  Had to leave the game.  Couldn't take it anymore. Grizzlies back-court was like 1 for 19. Getting time to blow this team up or fire the coach or SOMETHING!!
Curry going full Westbrook.
I think Steph just might have sold hes soul to the devil.
It's one thing if you were actually able to stop him, but you literally can't fucking do anything, it's absurd.
http://i.imgur.com/EeLxs9g.jpg?1
Every time I watch this the video it freezes at four seconds then skips ahead to the final two seconds. Anyone else have this problem?
[How?](https://youtu.be/zYwdzYC3uUc?t=56s)
VAC
His skill level confuses the fuck out of me...
The only thing that makes me feel good about this is that it's not just the Pelicans that he's hitting this ridiculous shit on. 
I love how unimpressed the commentators are. They aren't even surprised anymore.
Loving this team so much.
Did dis dude just did this?!
This is making the tpn for sure. 
cheat codes confirmed
Went to the game and sat right behind the camera man that shot this. Can confirm that Steph is good at basketball both on-and-off camera. 
Curry is a living cheat code. 
Proof that Curry learns from his contemporaries, he just tried to pull a James Harden. He's got not quite there yet though, refs didn't whistle.
I would've just walked home and told coach to find somebody else to guard him
What does trying to draw a foul mean?
Awesome shot but where the hell is the foul he is looking for haha?
What the fuck
He needs to turn his sliders back down to 50. Not fair.
Sometimes I dream

That he is me

You’ve got to see that’s how I dream to be

I dream I move, I dream I groove

Like Steph
I mean what're you gonna do
Was that as jittery for me, as it was for you, bby?
lmao at the grizzlies all turning to look at steph. 
Can someone put together a highlight reel of his missed threes?
I can't even do this on 2k
It's like he turns the cheat code on before every game. Crazy.
It's like they implanted an Huds up display like jets have in his cornea. Like Ironman has. 

This can't be human.
fuck someone give him the MVP trophy already cause man just committing murder in the first degree 
I would have loved to have sat in on Steph's meeting with the devil years ago
If someone did this shit in 2k is turn my PlayStation off. This dude this shit in real life, what kinda shit
His reaction was initially like "Foul?? Foul?? OH SHIT! I mean.. YEAH!!!"

My reaction: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1YVrxFmheSc
Oh that's just stupid.
Even the vendor behind the Memphis bench got excited
As much as I want my team to succeed and be the best, it's quite fun watching the Warriors. It would be fun to see another 70+ win season by a team. 
I'm just glad he didn't get a foul call on that play, would have been undeserved and cheap.
This man is using clienttrace. 
Curry's been practicing his circus layups it seems.
He's transcending legendary.
Is he on NZT or smth? Wtf
I get irrationally annoyed by how good he is. Like it pisses me off when he plays my team. 
If there was a theory that stated that reality is just a matrix like world where some have control over how it works, then Steph Curry would be the first example of that. 
if this was Harden or Lebron, people would be bitching about him flopping. 
I'm sick of this guy. 
 I just did this same thing on 2k right now... Except I didn't make it 
Curry literally is UNbelievable in the area of the court outside of the three point arcs.  All of his shooting of course, but most of his insane ball handling skills and moves are in the area of the court outside both three point arcs.  This is a good example of that area that he absolutely dominates in:  **)(**
There's a glitch in 2k again.
video player is so bad it doesn't work on my computer  :/
Luck doesn't last forever. 
Steph Curry is the Lionel Messi of basketball 
I don't understand the "trying to draw a foul" phrasing. The opposing player bumped him from behind while trying to reach for the ball--that's a foul. Curry didn't do the Chris Paul thing of stopping short so the player chasing him runs into him, or the Harden thing of jumping into the opponent. Yes, he was trying to get the ref to call the foul--and if he'd missed the shot, that might have happened. But he wasn't trying to manufacture a foul.
Inaccurate title.

"Steph Curry throws up a wild 3 while flopping like a soccer player" would have been an accurate title.
Okay I like Steph, and I understand that was an amazing shot and he was on the ground but I have no respect for an nba player who doesn't hurry back on defense, that shit pisses me off
did dis dude just did dis
As amazing as curry is, his crazy shot selection and plays cant be good for young kids learning the fundamentals of basketball 
What is the point of making a lame shot? Would missing have made the referees call a foul?
This is just not fair. This is fucking inhuman. You can't even do this shit in video games. What the fucking fuck are we witnessing?!
I really don't think that's a foul tbh.  Crazy shot.  But no foul.  
Still an absolutely terrible basketball play. There was an almost full shot clock and he had Klay trailing for a wide open 3. STOP TRYING TO DRAW A FOUL AND FUCKING PLAY THE GAME.
1. Haha, I don't know what I expected.  
2. I'm glad they didn't call a foul. It's so frustrating when the refs call little bumps that are caused by the offensive player as fouls on the defense.
This is embodies why I hate Steph Curry... like he doesn't need to do this, it's just showing off to me...
This fool sold his soul to the devil or something. I'm a warriors fan and even I'm kinda upset at that
Quit whining Curry jesus christ. Went down like he got trucked, deserve the no call on that flop job
How come Steph doesn't get the hate that Lebron and CP3 do for flopping 50 times a game? That shit he does when he like folds his body in half and tries to touch his toes after a jumpshot is awful.
The first four are gather steps
he picked it up at the 'A' from *AmericanAirlines* and shot it at the 's' lol
If you look closely, Melo travelled 
hahaha that's more of a 5k than a stroll 
But did he make the shot tho? 
So people always joke when it's a really bad travel like omg he took 7 or 8 steps!!! 

But holy shit he actually took 8 fucking steps. 

How do you miss that?! I know it's funny but at the end of the day NBA officiating has to be at a pinnacle of shit
Where's the person who's gonna tell me that a player is able to take 15 steps because it's a gather. 
Me7o
Feel like this detail is sometimes neglected in these travel posts: did the refs call it?
I feel like he never technically had possession after he stopped dribbling until right when he was about to shoot 
They're missing a lot of these, aren't they?
7 or 8 #SHAQTIN
So should we issue an angry statement to the National Basketball Referee Association?
I notice guys do this, where they just let their hand hover under the ball without touching it while they get their steps right. Melo does it here. It's interesting because if he isn't touching the ball he technically hasn't picked up his dribble. Right? 
"I said 'Hey babe, take a walk on Hassan Whiteside.'"
It is really a fucking time they start to call this shit. The game is turning into a fucking travesty with every year.
http://www.theonion.com/article/carmelo-anthony-called-for-traveling-back-in-time-17057
I counted at least 8 steps
In 50 years dribbling won't even exist. Our grandchildren will ask us, "dribbling, you mean like the set shot and short shorts?"
WOW
said it in the other topic, these calls need to improve. 
For people who think it isn't carrying if you don't dribble again: "A player who is dribbling may not put any part of his hand under the ball
and (1) carry it from one point to another or (2) bring it to a pause and then continue to dribble again. First part is kind of important too.
Kenny: Shaqtin a fool!
Thought the title said [Caramello](https://41.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_llw9z2e0TR1qi97hao1_500.jpg). Slightly disappointed.
I'm not saying it isn't a travel, but watch the slow motion version and he doesn't pick up his dribble until around 26 seconds on the game clock. Before then his hand is simply near the ball like you'd see for a hesitation move. At this point he arguably takes a single step before setting for his shot.

The main point being that if he had continued his dribble after the hesitation instead of gathering for the shot, he likely wouldn't have traveled at all. 

Really the only debatable part of this is did he take too many steps between when he picked up his dribble and the shot.   It's a lot closer than these comments would suggest.
It's crazy how few people in this thread understand what a travel is -- maybe this is one reason why game threads always get so heated. It's 100% not a carry because he never dribbled the ball again, and if it is a travel, then it's three/four steps at the most. 

You don't start counting steps until he has possession of the ball. You're allowed to take as many steps as you want until you have possession of the ball. 
amazing footwork
Yeah this is being overblown. He doesn't regain control right when the ball comes back up, and by the time he gains control he has already taken 3 of the 6 steps so many people are quoting. Still a travel, but nowhere near as bad as it looks upon first glance.
I'M WALKIN' HERE
Yea, missed travels have been the thing all night. This was probably the worst tho lmao 
if you look closely, lebron traveled 
At least 3 steps on that one 
They don't call this shit but they do call the all sissy bullshit fouls they always call.
Not denying it's a travel, but want to confirm something. 

Can someone explain this rule to me. It looks like Melo technically didn't have possession of the ball as he was taking those steps, it was still in the air. Let's assume for a second that it was still in the air, is he allowed to take those steps? 

as [another commenter indicated](https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/3u0zr4/carmelo_goes_for_a_stroll_in_miami/cxazhxe): You're allowed to take as many steps as you want during a dribble. Notice he doesn't gather the ball until his last two steps.
I guess "Melo doesn't get calls" work both ways!
I count a legal NBA 3 steps there. 
Stroll count: 3 
Looked like the ol' Barry Sanders Stutter Step.
I'm glad /r/NBA is pointing these blatant travel calls out.

It may seem petty to some people, but the NBA seriously needs to address this type of stuff.
He had to get his passport stamped after that...
i counted 7 gather steps
is this "going for a stroll" thing a new phrase or what 
Funny thing is the ref was right in front of him
what is this? A gif for ants!
Beast
Looks like the ref only looks at Melo as he enters his shooting motion
Lmao he looked like he was about throw a bowling ball
After the shot, did anyone from Miami care? It looks like they didn't catch anything either.
So this is a meme now huh.
Notice he doesn't gather the ball in one hand and then dribble again.
And they get mad when Budenholzer hits a ref. 
I counted 2 steps doe. Give or take 20.
He didn't travel. He went in an adventure
Did he make the shot?
lmao
8 damn steps. NBA officiating is a joke when it comes to calling travels and carries.
One day, one of these threads will be somebody actually taking a stroll down a street somewhere, and it will be glorious
Did he make the shot?
What a shitty game that was...
Why isn't this fauled? I live in europe and when I played basketbal and made more than 2 steps I was being insta-fauled:(
Yes, but did he make the shot?
I counted 4 steps after the gather, mild travel
The NBA must have used all of their traveling calls in the Minnesota game last night. 
That shot is worse than the travel
Is this new? 
These "free steps" episodes are becoming a trend this year.  Lazy refereeing?
The NBA really needs to stop letting these go. We see like 2-3 per game now. Obviously less blatant, but still. I mean How many guards start moving with the ball before the dribble. It's getting to the point where someone really needs to review travel calls protocol. 
Seven. Steps.
I'm sure this has been pointed out but, this season seems particularly terrible with these blatant travels. We're what, 15 games into the season and we've had like 5 of these already? 

Seems like the NBA and NFL refs are really really bad this year.
Overrated Players
If you're gathering the ball, that's one gathering step. [Like if the chips get stuck together, that's one nacho](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p9aiarbo23g)
Is that like 9 steps I counted. That has to be a record. 
Is there any reason why this keeps happening? I could understand why they allow it after a tomahawk dunk, for the sake of the show, but this? Before a three point attempt? :(


I need to know whether the ball did or did not in fact lie?
Everytime I see one of these I'm like, are you fucking kidding me? It's always obvious, even in person at NBA games.
wanderlust...
I'm going to open one of these one day expecting an in-game travel video and instead see [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J5N_HzkSiAg)
Better pack a lunch, cuz we's going TRAVELIN
Refs don't call on fast breaks lol. 
Traveling in the NBA pisses me off. These are supposed to be the best players in the world, yet they cannot follow the most basic of basketball's rules? They need to be called out on this.
Your allowed 6 steps to pick up the dribble.
I counted 8
not as bad as people think but I count 3 legit steps so obviously that is a travel. it is not 8 steps though at all. 
He's gotten away with a few of those tonight, but so has Bosh beneath the basket.
What fucking game are these refs watching
ITT kids who don't realize the NBA has more in common with the WWF than the NFL
yeah, this is not a travel
This is almost worse than the Kemba Walker vs Spurs one
I wish when people argued about travels they would actually find the relevant parts of the rule book to support their argument. Everyone is so anecdotal with their arguments. "I was taught x" "I've seen people say y" "They usually call it blah" these aren't convincing arguments.
Learning from LeBron 
not a travel
~~Lebron~~  Melo Traveled.
*shrug* Harden has basically made a career out of it. 
Don't think it's a travel. He took three steps after he caught the ball in his right hand. He landed on his left and brought the right up for a shot
The rule is 2 count from refs.  His ability to tippy toe doesn't make it a travel. 
Ironically had Melo taken a dribble right before shooting,  half of this board would say it's not traveling because apparently it doesn't matter how many steps between dribbles you take....    
what if i told you
this is not a travel? 
Not a travel.
This doesn't surprise me in any way at all
Swaggy's right hand is for buckets only boys 
Maybe this is what is wrong with the Lakers maybe if Swaggy passes the ball to Kobe just once it will fix all the problems 
Can we create a timer that keeps going until it finally happens?
371 minutes is only the equivalent of playing 10 games together as starters.  
This may be my favorite basketball stat of all time.
This is incredibly hard to believe 
When Kobe's shooting 13%, it's hard to assist him.
The probability of Nick Young passing and Kobe making a shot on the same possession is not a good one.
This has to be some kind of record
Nick Young is gonna kiss the ball and make it glow a Swaggy hue and then gracefully float it into Kobe's hands and then the whole world stops, the crowd fades away, it's just Kobe and the rim in a nexus where time and space do not apply and Ave Maria is playing in the background. And it's going to be a swish. Every time a swish. From Nick Young with swag.
Game recognize game.
Combination of three things:  Kobe can't make a shot, Nick Young learned that if he passes it to Kobe it probably isn't coming back, and swagger.
why is everyone hating on Kobe. hes throwing up all these bricks to rebuild the lakers. 
Well, to get an assist, the guy who is shooting is supposed to make the shot. 
Those two fucking deserve eachother.
Well doesnt Nick Young already have the lowest Assist rate of any other guard in NBA history or something?
Batman should never throw Robin a bone.
Keep in mind you have to pass the ball to get an assist.
Too much swag.
He's a fucking terrible passer, it's just not NBA level at all. Not even his simple passes.
I'm surprised they've played that many minutes together. 
Swaggy P, taking the P out of Pass 
You don't cross the streams...
Well Kobe would have to make some shots first.
Not surprised, I honestly don't remember the last time I saw Kobe catch and shoot.
This is the most Lakers stat ever
Why would he? He don't miss 
Something me and Swaggy P have in common then
Iant it kinda hard to assist Kobe though? He holds alot of ball and when he gets the ball he usually creates his shot himself. Ive only watched him play phoenix and they didnt run alot of off ball plays on him.
Wait... are you telling me Nick Young has assisted someone else?
Kobe likes to create his own shot though, how many times has he been assisted by anyone during that time? 
This stat is a bit intriguing, however I think most of Kobe's points the past few years are off of isolation plays (pretty much eliminating any possibility of getting an assist after passing to Kobe)
Lmao thats glorious
[Haberstroh loves tracking this stat.](https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/2trf73/haberstroh_if_kobe_is_out_for_the_season_its/)
I think it's crazier that they've only played 371 minutes together over three years.
Wouldn't that mean that Kobe has to make a shot even though Swaggy P passes to him?  
Only solution: Kobe needs to shoot more.
To be fair, Kobe couldn't throw the ball into the ocean right now, so there's that. 
They're worthy of each other
He's a scorer, he gets buckets. No more, no less.

When I peep his game log, the most assists he has is 0 or 1, usually 0. 

Also, Kobe isn't a spot up shooter, he's an iso-player. Nick ain't looking for him, he's chucking that shit up.
So many people in the thread bagging on Nick Young, when he's actually been shooting a respectable percentage and has been sticking to his given role fairly well. Sigh.
Tbf assisting Kobe means he has to score... :)
Nick Young is awful. I don't know why we keep hearing about him all the damn time. Actually I do know.
Everyone is to blame for this. EVERYONE, except jordan clarkson
Maybe because Kobe misses, or runs an iso which eliminates the assist opportunity.
I swear this isn't the first time I've seen this... Wasn't this posted last year (with slightly fewer minutes) right when Kobe was shut down for the season?
And you people thought Kobe wasnt teaching anything to the young guys... 
Lol im listening to "On the Blvd" - Snoop and Dre, while reading this, and Snoops says "im like fuck a pass, like Kobe"

God damn it
Kobe rarely gets assisted in half court sets. He's scored from iso for the majority of his career. 
but has kobe ever assisted Nick Young?
Has Kobe ever assisted Nick Young?
This is actually the least surprising statistic of any NBA statistic I've ever seen. Also a good example of why Nick Young should be playing in the Filipino Basketball League or China and not the NBA. 

Do you think Greg Popovich would let this happen on this Spurs?
Why assist when I can get buckets instead? 
I wonder if Kobe sabotages Nick Young assists number by intentionally missing shots.  
Damn thats a couple hours together on the court without that happening.
Isn't this why they brought in Lou Williams to help not assist to other players?
Kobe is shooting near 30% from the field. Nick Young's career high in APG is 1.5, playing 28 mpg. Swaggy P's list of players he has assisted isn't long.
He averages 1.1 APG for his career (1.3 on LA).  This really isn't that surprising.  Would like to know kobe's overall FG% during those 371 min.
Well...you can't get buckets by passing to Kobe.
Obviously a totally different player and position..but i bet Hassan Whiteside has a stat like this with a teammate...dude has a career high of 2 assist..
bet kobe is proud.

''my boy following my footsteps''
That requires two unlikely events to occur... 

a) Nick has to pass...

b) Kobe has to make a shot.

Once you establish the requirements, it's really not ALL that surprising.
IF they averaged playing only 1 minute together a month... That would be 371 months.  That is over 30 years and we aren't even taking into consideration that the NBA season isn't 12 months long.  
I was looking for a comment about Kobe's ability to actually make a shot...

but I was disappointed
No bullshit?  Wow.  I wonder if they at least talk to each other.  
to be fair, swaggy p probably has never assisted a lot of his teammates, and 371 minutes isn't a lot of minutes
In Nick Young Russia, Kobe assist you!
I wonder how many assists Kobe has to swaggy?
That's fucking pathetic. 
In Nick Young's defense I don't think I've ever seen ol Swaggy P pass. He's a natural born chucker
This isn't surprising in the slightest.
this isn't surprising at all lol.  if you watch yhoung play as soon as he gets in hes shooting.  been pretty decent this year too except for the last game against denver
Nick Young has also never played D while Kobe is on the floor.  Or, when anyone else is on the floor.

Actually, this applies to most of the Lakers.
Well, yeah. Nick came in 2013 after Kobes Achilles injury and Kobe has barley played until this year. 
his swag is too strong to be passed onto a scrub like kobe
Nick Young fucking sucks. Just plain and simple.
I been feelin alone over here but when I played ball thats what happened on teams with guys like Kobe.  Just dont pass him the ball.  Nobody wants to give him the ball and only do so begrudgingly.  This guy will tear any team apart because he sucks away all the chemistry and the other guys will to play.  The lakers have had to bribe and order his team mates to give him the ball for years now.
Lakers don't even play today. Fuck...even when the Lakers are the worst team in the league they still get more coverage/attention than 90% of the league. Annoying.
Why would you pass to an inferior player?
It´s super fun to kick the Lakers while they are down but remember that the Lakers always pull amazing things out of their ass like Clarkson and Randle. This is supposed to be a tank season for them. 
If they miraculously get the first pick this season we are all "fucked". 
I feel like this is a metaphor for the league: hot starts that lead to 4th quarter meltdowns, furious comebacks that lead nowhere, questionable officiating that completely changes the outcome...
that lady cheated. The other lady could have picked her baby up the entire time. gotta get past the line baby!
I am irrationally upset by how badly that mother cheated by picking up her baby before she crossed the finish line.
I know we did this [before](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QjoCrF75BGQ&amp;ab_channel=SacramentoKings), but apparently we did it [twice](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BjJpwsDeJaQ) in as many weeks last year. 

My favorite YT comments: "Kid can hustle better than DMC himself.﻿" &amp; "Damn, baby quicker than Darren Collison﻿"
If you don't like that, you don't like NBA basketball
this is so damn adorable..doesn't make much sense but the nba should have their player's babies do this maybe once a year at the ASB.  Ofc dwight will have a kid there every year just like the plumlee family with Duke.
Yeah parents cheat or at least streeeetch the rules on these. It's weird why they are so competitive over a hilarious and random event. My son did this on a Disney Cruise. Some parents had their 14-18 month old looking kid entered. Kid may have been a late walker but was clearly an expert crawler with veteran savvy. You'd think a kid "crawling" on just his knees while being completely upright would be a red flag, but I think judges are scared to tell parents "no" in something like this so you get frequent rule breaking or flaunting.

My son won anyway. Don't pay attention to the cheaters in life, keep your eyes on the prize and focus and you'll walk away a champion. He learned a valuable life lesson that day.
Lol the baby starts crying @35seconds [here](https://youtu.be/m5ch7nqAw6g?t=43)
THe baby with the headband reminds me of Mike Bibby.
This is way better than "dude stands on cylinders for 10 minutes"


As a non-American who watches a lot of games on league pass and sees the in arena entertainment, seriously what the fuck is up in the US? Are you all high?

This has been a golden day for NBA videos though
Bandana kid and stripes came rushing out of the gate after realizing how much time they wasted, However bandana, once again looked like he just didn't want to be there, whilst stripes just couldnt handle the pressure. And you thought free throws were mentally hard? Purple Tutu coming straight from clutch city with a come from behind victory.
"IF YOU DONT LIKE THAT, YOU DONT LIKE NBA BASKETBALL!!!"
9/10 Sensory overload.
If I did this I would just yell "AYE BABY!"
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HvjGHNwr1Nc
Ooh my word that was shockingly exhilarating! I gasped a little when the camera panned back and showed those two kids gaining on the leader.
Kosta Koufos could learn a thing or two from these babies about running the floor!*


^*= ^I ^don't ^actually ^know ^if ^Koufos ^is ^slow ^it ^just ^seemed ^like ^an ^easy ^joke ^to ^make ^and ^picked ^a ^player
Oh are you kidding me that bitch tolded cheated. That baby was at least two feet from the finish line.
Lol that's my bud from the freshman dorms with the mic. Scotty too hotty!
Had to reread the title,  was looking for Glenn Davis the entire time
Wow, that felt super intense. I could feel the parents evilness coming out, and that poor baby who just couldn't go anymore and stopped and just started crying. This is intense sport.
They do this at the United Center twice a season. My first born is due in April so will just miss this season. However, he will be at prime age for the baby race come the 2016/17 season. We have a plan to practice and train for it. We're going to win that fucking race. 
I am i the only one who read it as negative 10/10 ? [8]
That one baby choked. Should be traded, waste of cap room.
Saddest and cutest way to lose all your money betting ever..
That one lady should have used Voss Artesian Water instead of Aquafina if she really wanted to win.
Rofl, why the fuck was that so entertaining. The two babies near the bottom and the one breaking down and crying, the one next to it just stops once he starts crying, the salty look on the mom's face whose baby was dominating then stopped to suck in the glory.
This is why I watch american sports. You guys are weird.
Stripes baby choked harder than Nick Anderson
she cheated. fuck that bitch.
That baby with the purple tutu was clearly on some HGH.
Awwwww :)


the parent of that baby who blew the big lead must be so disappointed. no raspberry kisses on the belly for a week.
Dick and Dom In da bungalow anyone?
We need Kevin Harlan calling this. "PARENTS WITH NO REGARD FOR TODDLER LIFE!"
Just when I thought I had baby racing figured out, I got duped by that purple shirt wearing baby.
Damn that baby just left that guy hanging on that high-five at the end...
This is amazing. How has nobody else thought of this yet? 
They need to be testing the moms milk for steroids. 
NBA Season Ticket holder here. Can confirm NBA halftime shows are the wackiest. 
I half-expected one of the mothers to pull out a breast to turn on the turbo, like my wife's friends.
watched a lot of these(league pass loves to show them) and this was one of the closest I've ever seen - it basically basically had everything you want in a baby race. Multiple babies participating instead of just one monster crawler, obligatory mid race break, crying AND a come from behind victory in a princess Sacramento themed dress.

It was a slightly controversial victory with the mom picking her up from behind the line, but I have it on good authority that they went to New York for the replay and upheld the win.
How long until Fanduel and Draftkings get their hands on this shit
I would also point out that the baby who won is the child of a Kings employee. So there's some extra bullshit for you.
The baby who got off to the fast start should have finished instead of showboating and going for the box out.  REKT.
This is cruel and extortion of babies 
This has some "crack baby basketball" level potential right there.
That was so adorable. 
I would watch Baby Racing before I would watch NASCAR.
Contest was rigged. The biggest baby wasn't even in the race - Cousins.
Why isn't Demarcus Cousins participating?
Crawl through the tape!
Grandpa got left hanging at the end.
FROM OUTTA FUCKING NO WHERE!!!! Lookin like Mo Farah out there with that godly sprint to the finish. Someone hand that baby a pen because she needs to sign that multi-year multi million dollar contract with Nike. 
Choke artist
Run it back
At a University of Arizona game we had wiener dog races at halftime once, that was extremely...*interesting*. 
Any idea what prize was at stake?
Chao races from Sonic adventure anyone?
And the winner is [rocky](http://37.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mb73g94b4t1qmt85zo1_1280.png)
This should be x-posted into r/theocho
Somone needs to put the Rugrats theme song on this 
The Jeffrey Maier of Baby Racing.
Actually advanced analytics show that the winning baby is horribly inefficient and hurts the team overall.
Run through the tape youngblood
Tortoise always beats the hare.
Isn't it really bad for baby ears to be in a loud stadium ?
Relevant Upright Citizens Brigade - http://www.spike.com/video-clips/an7mht/ucb-runner
Kid didn't even pass the finish line, I demand a remake 
[Run through the tape. In life. Run through the tape.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BV-1sTG6d-0)
My sister and niece did this at half-time of a Bucks game a few years ago. Niece was disqualified for standing up and walking, but she waved to the entire crowd so she was technically the real winner.
Why would you watch it again if you rate it negative-ten out of ten?
The Sacramento Kings are doing psychological studies on how the brain of babies react under bright lights and a whole lot of pressure. 
Classic Tortoise and Hare story. Why don't you just rest after the race? (moral of the story imo)
This video will be studied by future civilizations and they will be slightly disturbed, but intruiged.
Wow, that baby in the white.

http://i.imgur.com/gO7Omkb.jpg
That can't be good for their ears, can it?
I'm surprised none of them broke down and started crying
WTF is wrong with you people?
That's cute, but why are they luring the babies with toys and food like dogs? 
I hope Kevin Johnson wasn't there. Poor kids. 
Totally worth the mental scarring some of these babies will have when they grow up.
7 games last night and this is the top of the /r/nba front page, those must have been really bad and boring games. Someone should make a sub for just NBA basketball.
Fucking prize-crazed parents.

That kid on the left was crying his eyes out and all the mother cared about was him crossing a freaking line.
Wtf america...
Lol that court has to be the dirtiest surface those babies have ever seen! Look out!!
this is as disgusting as kids pageants
I disagree fuck babies, and fuck racing babies. 
I had heard KJ likes 'em young, but jeez…
lol as if the Sixers will get rid of him
The disappointment in his face for every play is priceless. I don't blame him; this is probably the most times he's lost in his life.
In the arrrrrrrrrrrms of the angelllll...
Sixers fans noting down the name of everyone shitting on the process so they can come back to haunt them when the front court of Okafor, Noel and Simmons takes them to a three-peat in the next decade. 
Not many times I feel bad for a 19 year old millionaire...but I feel bad for him.
This thread and "Jahlil Okafor is loving life in Philly" separated by 3 posts are a great pairing
I find this funny but I don't think I've ever seen a losing team more shitted on than the 76ers...I don't think the Knicks last year suffered this much grief
On the air ball three I love how the ref put his hand down before he missed the rim, he just knew
What am I doing with my life as a Sixers fan? I wouldn't be this loyal to my girlfriend. 

Burn the place down. 
Whelp fuck /r/nba this week.
98% sure they'll get their first win tonight
What number do I call to donate?
https://instagram.com/p/9Et8Udv1is/
##jahlillivesmatter
Could someone get Jah so I can make sense of this... Where is Jah?!?!
I just want one win so these posts will stop.
I wouldn't really be mad at Okafor for having that body language. Can't really blame him for being competitive and confident 
Kendall Marshall with the full beard looks like mini DJ Khaled.
Lmao that air ball 3 pull up.
Ben Simmons to the rescue 
I actually love this video. I understand alot of people and myself included do not like the strategy that the sixers are doing with the tanking and all but that's the direction they wanted to take. We Do have some nice pieces in place, and hopefully everything goes our way this summer. But who knows.  As a sixers fan I'll Stay loyal till the end but as a nba fan god damn is this shit brutal. 
The 76ers could end up looking pretty good next year as they'll likely end up with two top 8 picks in the draft. They have their draft pick and the Lakers pick (top 3 protected). If they land Ben Simmons (#1) and someone like Jamal Muray/Jaylen Brown/Brandon Ingram, that's a pretty good pull. 

Their starting lineup next year could be something like this.

PG: Jamal Muray
SG:Someone
SF: Ben Simmons
PF: Noel/Saric
C: Okafor

That is something they can build around. Free agents could start to sign there as they have loads of cap space. They could score a DeMar DeRozan or Mike Conley to play for them. With those young rookies, they need to find some leadership (not saying DeRozan or Conley are those) to show them how to handle NBA life. 

The thing is that this is the year that this tanking process needs to pay off. If they can't land big in this draft, they're screwed. 

I'm a sixer fan, but I'm not even mad this is amazing
that one paul george move was dirty
Hey Heat fans, just imagine if you lost to us. All this shit we're getting would be going to you lol.
They're only 3 more losses from setting the new losing streak record.
He'll be fine. 
This is pretty goddamn funny
poor Jah.. :(
DMC for Jahlil and draft picks.
a lottery rookie playing on a crappy team? say it aint so
I am definitely still behind the team and trust the process, but this was pretty funny.
I'd be sad too if I had to play for the Sixers. FO can't even tank right.
The sixers will get better, Jahlil and Noels will develop. Plus the sixers have two top picks next year with the chance of getting Simmons or Skal. 2-3 years they will defiantly be a playoff team
Jahlil should be a sophomore at Duke and instead he's wearing a Sixers uniform with a bunch of other should - be college sophomores, juniors, and seniors - they just happen to be playing against NBA competition.

He doesn't need saving he just needs to develop along with everyone else.
This is great, but you could edit a similar video for every player in the league. 
anyone else having issues w/ the volume?  i can't get it to play anymore
Shoulda stayed at Dook.
lmaoo
My god, he really does look like Tim Duncan.
@DukeNBA

You might #SaveJahlil when you send us Ingram and Allen at the end of the year.
The first clip Sauce Castillo's feet were stepped on... and thats my story and I'm sticking with it!
Okafor would've been the same if not worst with the Lakers.
[Okafor makes a move to create a shot for his teammate, who misses the wide open dunk #SaveJahlil](https://twitter.com/DukeNBA/status/668990365802852352)
Jahil's like "this is the NBA level? seriously?"

##believeintheprocess
Fuck you guys. 
The disgruntled superstar the Sixers wanted to trade for is the one they already have
Today is your best chance Jahlil lol
It´s all part of a plan. It´s not like anyone not named Cavs or Spurs have a chance to beat the Warriors. 
Curry is playing like an MVP and he has a team backing him up so the best thing a young team can do is lose, learn and get a top3 pick.
I wish Jahlil would give some effort on defense. Maybe then I'd feel bad for him.
For just 4 second round picks, you can save Jahlil from this and get him sent to a good home where he will be able to blossom into what we know he can be.
Noel's better than Jah though... Maybe if Jah put in some effort on defense he wouldnt need saving 
I love how the referee lowered his hand on the three point attempt before it even got to the basket, lol
needs some sad music
I don't have my sound on... is Sarah McLachlan playing in the background?
When's KButter returning? 
The Sixers are taking "you have to lose before you win" to a whole new level. I will pray for Jahlil.
Don't worry you've got a road game in MN.  That's pretty much a guaranteed win for ya.  ....Can someone hold me?
If Noel gets traded this season will most of the Sixers fans abandon the process?Honest question.
much better with teh music
1st clip, defender got stepped on and tripped, offensive foul.
2nd clip, Lebron whacked his forearm/wrist, foul, two shots.
3rd clip, eeesh, alright it might have slipped?
4th clip, oh god.
Why does it look like DJ Khaled on the bench next to him??
Thank you for making this. My friend and I were just watching the second half of the Pacers/76ers game and I was telling him how bad I feel for the guy. 
I am definitely still behind the team is Well to be resigned he will have the worse offense i've ever seen.
Ugh. It sucks that I laughed
That last airball was fucking priceless
When do the sixers play GSW?

I'm callin it
I don't know why, but this totally reminds me of those [Sarah Mclachlan commercials.] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6eXfvRcllV8)
Instead of Sixers fans crying like they've been shot, just take it in stride. Sorry, but this is what happens when your team is some garbage--you get made fun of. There's no shame in it, just embrace it, and hope 2016 is your year. I thought this was pretty funny and shouldn't be taken seriously.
Reading this post, I feel like the entire 6ers fan base has Stockholm syndrome.

Everyone knows the logic Hinkie is employing. We just don't think it's going to work like y'all imagine, and if y'all cap out at a 3 seed it'll be for naught.

There's a lot of young teams in the East with a ton of potential. The difference is teams like the Wizards are getting to taste that excitement today. :( Or the Timberwolves. Seeing that has to raise the blood pressure.
Does anyone else hate the Sixers, Sam Hinke, and their *stupid* fans?
I never ever want to see the Lakers win, but if they somehow kept that pick in the top 3 this year (...and maybe next year), then went apeshit in free agency and made a deep playoff run, giving the sixers like the 27th pick, that would make me smile from ear to ear.
I don't blame him, but he already knew that he was pretty much fucked when the Sixers took him.
I guess the Hinkie haters are seizing the moment.  As a sixers fan, I can't wait for the next few years though

Overabundance of assets and young, undeveloped talent
What's crazy is that I think the Lakers would have been even more disappointing. We may have ended up with even less wins than the Sixers (especially if we started Jahlil).
If the Sixers pre-draft interview doesn't include "How do you feel about losing night-in and night-out?" they are making a mistake.
[Serious] Do non-sixers fans want to keep seeing the sixers continue to lose?

Part of me wants them to turn things around and start coming together since I know what a prolonged period of suffering feels like., But the stronger asshole part of me wants to watch this dumpster fire rage on for as long as possible. It would be neat to watch the Warriors and Sixers have the best and worst seasons ever at the same time.
lmao
God damn we could have him right now 😩
[deleted]
something something trust the process?
as a Philly native, this makes me sad.
Fuck you guys
Shouldn't tanking for this long have changed something by now?
The Sixers will force a rule change in the near future. I'd be embarrassed if i were a fan of that team. 
Dear Okafor, 


I'm sorry Philly signed you. Ask to be traded or dropped from your contract. The rest of the NBA will be glad to have you and will be, at the bare minimum, more functional than your current team. 


Sincerely,


Everyone not in Philly
This post sucks. You could make the airball, bad pass clip from any other team. Looking for shit on sixers karma. 
The process may work or it may not work. just enjoy basketball you birdbrains
Where's Jahlil's reel? The one where he takes dumb shots, forces things on offense, becomes a black hole, turns the ball over, misses easy box outs, and is a liability on defense. 

It's fun to cherry pick, but a lot of our problems are due to Jah. We are literally better without him on the floor. I see you're a Heat fan too, so you should've been able to gather that when you watched our game. 

Anyhow, this has already been posted so your karma grab is meaningless :/ 

Edit: I guess this is Fuck the Sixers week, downvotes for all fans who support their team and believe in their ownership 
The Sixers plan to tank forever and rebuild their roster entirely out of Centers doesn't seem to be going well.
Trust the process, am i right?
[deleted]
I kinda feel bad for Okafor. 
Philly isn't even an NBA team anymore. It'd a D-league team and deserves to be demoted. Also they should forfeit their draft pick.
The Sixers have been unlucky/bad at drafting more than anything else.

Their plan, the "process" is smart in theory, but you have to execute it.

Of the 4 Hinkie era lottery picks, Okafor is the only one who is a definite hit. Noel is an interesting player but needs to vastly improve to be worth anything. Embiid may be done. And then the MCW pick is now the Lakers pick that they could get this year. 

If they were 3/4 or 4/4 instead of 1/4, we would be talking about how smart this was. And even at 1/4, if he hits on 2 guys this year, the narrative could change again. 

But this draft is probably his last chance. 
"With just $1 a day..."
Folks are acting like he is the complete package, hes on a team who are learning to play basketball the right way, while he is learning to play the right way. You can obviously see he has talent in the post and although not in love with the mid range game, that has potential, but overall his game is far from complete, so maybe he needs to buckle down like the rest of the team and get a few W's.
[deleted]
Too bad he's locked up for 7 years

and man those millions of dollars we are giving him for his service

Jeez if I was offered this situation I would surely turn it down to be a regular working man

Who would want to play basketball for a living and literally be able to retire before 40 with millions of dollars

Those starving kids in Africa must really feel like they got it good
Can his nickname be Jahfeel? please?
How long does this tank process last? Even after high picks they get worse
In the arms of angel
every other teams gonna have their windows closed by the warriors so fuck r/nba 
yeah if i were him i would demand a trade. He's just going to get worn down carrying that d-league team for the next 5 years, and that will narrow his chances at getting a championship with his next team. Yup, I'd demand a trade and sue if not granted it, he definitely has a legal case here...right to work!
He wants out of Philly so bad
Me in group projects
The mic picked that up really well. Clearest on court exclamation since KG's infamous taunt of Faried. 
One of those Charlotte dudes set a screen on Walker for Curry. PAY FUCKING ATTENTION. 

I swear, the Warriors playbook must be the most confusing thing to defend ever, no one ever defends them well at all. At least one person is always lost on defense after just a few passes and screens. I don't understand how honestly. 
I mean he's right. He's guarding the reigning MVP and Lamb and Hawes just stand there as he walks in the paint and gets an open layup
The mic picked that up so well my girlfriend was like "they are allowed to curse on TV??" cause she thought the broadcaster said it 
28pt quarter, 

lol at Hawes staying glued to Bogut
That made me like Kemba even more
he got picked by his own team lol
I'm a huge fan of Kemba and this just makes me feel bad because he's been stuck on a team with no people to compliment his style and he clearly cares about winning and playing well.



I hope people don't get salty just because he said a swear word.
 id need help on that too
I took the audio from this clip and added it to a different clip of Curry shooting a three over Walker... for no reason, just for fun. [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6cbDd1zHGlA)
He's totally right to be upset.  Where the fuck is the help at?
I'd be livid too.
Kemba will have nightmares of Curry cooking him in the 3rd for the rest of the season. 
Well, where the fuck was the help at?
I read 'Curry layup' and expected a three pointer in the video.
Dude set a pick on his own teammate 
Lmao...he's not wrong though
&gt;"Help, Help!"

&gt;"Yes? What do you need help with?"

&gt;"No, no, I was *addressing* you *as* "help"
He's got a point. 
Love Kemba, he's the only one that plays with fire every game, he was just cold tonight.
lmao ref reaching for his whistle after kemba said that. 

what are you gonna do, give him a tech? SMH
Hardenesque defense by Lamb
lol I played this in front of my grandparents and they thought it was hilarious.
Well he isn't wrong.
Maybe it's just nostalgia, but anyone remember players being this lazy in previous eras?  The amount of plays where players just stand around being James Harden on defense is appalling.   
Lamb moving like Harden on that play.
they were just happy to be there.
Damn he had every right to be. Why is everybody just watching
That's pretty normal defense for December in the NBA 
I dont see the problem here he ONLY scored 2 points that trip down the court where as he normally scores them in 3's.  Easy lay up just saved the hornets a point as far as I can tell....
Marvin Williams doing his James Haren impression
Looks like they finally managed clone Kevin Love
Last game he was hugging everyone and shit haha
Just curious, but are some players cussing all throughout the games? I think it would be really interesting to hear what some of those convos would be like.
I can't stop watching Kemba Walker say that 
"Sorry bruh I just wanna get dat bread."
Imagine how pissed Kemba had to be to say that out loud on the court. Fuck mannnnn.
**LAMB**
I was at this game and said the exact same thing.
Wonder how he felt at the end of that quarter
who was that white guy on the block? Did a nice job helping seal the right side of the lane. probably should've put a hand up though.
Jeremy Lamb is such a sleepy player
I feel his pain though, it's his teammates' job to help 
To answer the question: Kemba's two sources of help D are now injured and in Toronto. 
i like kemba walker much more now
* Marking Bogut

* Steph driving

* "Better to guard this fool. No easy Js, amirite?"

* Lets Steph score

Big decision, man.
Lambs help...
And then it was Tyler Hansbrough.
I'm still trying to figure out who #2 was guarding on that play.
Seems like the Illuminati hasn't payed him yet.
Yes there should have been help, but Kemba's D was pretty shitty in the first place, kinda just watched him go to the hoop.
I know that Kemba has a right to be pissed but that wasn't exactly lock down defense on his part.
Said every point guard ever.
Kemba was right, but talking like that to your teammates isn't going to help.
Literally 3 players not making an effort to help. Trash.
This might sound homerish, but the thing with Curry and the Warriors is that if you bring help, he'll just dish it out and someone else will score.
This really shook me up. As a CT kid I saw this man win 3 tournaments in one season all on his own. I thought he could do anything. It's Curry's world, we are just living in it. 
It's like they don't even try anymore to stop him
Kemba was ice missing next to every shot up until the 4th quarter and lettin your team present the project?
Dude set a pick on his own team lol He's totally right to be computer engineering but lol fuck that.
Kemba bro you're shooting 1/13 right now your teammates need some help too
What the hell is that, Harden?!  you're the only person between the ball and the basket.  play defense first, *then* worry about complaining to your teammates/ref.  fucking ridiculous
Looked like he was ordering popcorn from the stands
I don't care if he IS a superstar, the biggest problem is that he doesn't get yelled at for this by his coach. I don't care if it's the pros or high school this type of play deserves a benching and a scolding.
Remember that this guy never passes up a chance to claim he's the best player in the league. 
lol how can you earn the respect of your teammates with that kind of effort?
Thought maybe this would be a positive 50/50 until I saw it was in transition.
hes a shit leader
It must be frustrating when your teammate has hundreds of millions of dollars coming for em with his face all over the nation and he doesn't give a shit about playing defense
James Harden will never lead a team with his current demeanour, we'll take him back and he can be an option rather than a leader.



pls
James Haren oesn't know how to efen at an NBA level. Ue just can't play efense.
I am from germany and because of that I cant watch A lot of NBA and I am just lurking here from time to time, BUT If I See A post praising James hardens D I know for A fact that I will See the rockets get scored On.
that's just so sad.. and the fact that he said he's the best player in the league at the beginning of the season.
What's he doing?
[I think we all know where this is going.](http://i.cdn.turner.com/nba/nba/dam/assets/131101011235-20131031-shaqtin-a-fool-00002504.1200x672.jpg)
How hard is it for Haren to put in even a little effort? I love how he was like blaming his teammate as he let the guy run past him. 
Harden is the gift that just keeps on giving. 
Been watching for a long time. I've never seen a guard let a fastbreak go when he was in complete range of the player.

Wtf. 
Very recently someone tried to make the point to me that saying Harden is awful at defense is just "circlejerking" and showed me some stats like DRtg. Lmao.
I told you to charge your controller James
Everything about this guy seems douchy. What a pussy. I'm sure Houston fans feel lucky to have such a potent scorer, but this shit must drive you guys insane. He has for sure the worst reputation for being a lazy defender, and it doesn't even phase him. 
Was Terry trying to lean into a foul?
Dammit, I clicked on this hoping for some save face for Harden. Really fucking ridiculous.
This is one reason why Harden scoring 50 pts doesn't get as much attention on r/nba imo. 
Damn I thought the complaints about his defence actually got to him and I was expecting some tough, scrappy lockdown D.
This is the only 50/50 which I was completely sure what it was going to be.
"How could you let him get past you Jet!"

"oh"
That title made me do a double take. Then I watched the gif.
Was this gif directed by Buster Keaton?
I honestly thought it would be a clip of him playing good defense... jesus Harden
He's like those people at haunted houses who aren't allowed to touch you but try and look spooky anyway.
sigh...and this is the man everyone is saying is the top SG in the league. I miss prime Kobe. 
Time to shave the beard 
He really cut off that back pass to Calderon, just shut down that avenue completely, bravo.
Looks like he wants to get the interim coach fire too. 
"Use the force James"
Seems like things have reached a boiling point with Rockets fans. Never seen so many Rockets fans shitting on Harden before. 
This is terrible and probably Shaqtin material.
If I were a coach, this means bench.
His defense is offensive 
He is bad the for the NBA. I don't want any future players to admire and learn from him.
Belongs on the Clippers
Ive never seen that before. 
I came to see the har_en defense. Wasn't disappointed. 
Is there an advanced stat that measures how many ppg a player gives up or at least contributes to giving up points? I'm curious to see it for Harden of all people.
Some people might say 'oh it was a busted play anyways' but he had time to AT LEAST run back and foul the guy. This is truly pathetic from a player who is supposed to be the leader of a team. 
the 'complain to ref so you don't gotta play D' tactic
And players voted him MVP? Whoops. 
Don't stop until you hear the whistle, bro
that was honestly shocking to see an NBA player so blatantly not try.
At least Kevin McHale can now say he is not getting paid to yell at him
He just doesn't seem to have the same competitive drive as other guys for how talented he is.  These plays happen way too much.
I knew the title was too good to be true. 
That's hilarious.
Risky click
It's bad when you know the title is sarcastic before opening the gif.
I haven't been watching the rockets.  Is this why McHale got fired?
(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻)
I came here expecting no defense from Harden, and i still was disappointed.
I was about 95% sure this post was going to be sarcastic. Was not disappointed. 
TOP 5 player!
Thank goodness they fired that Kevin McHale, he was obviously the weak link on this team. 
Such a joke that this man was even considered in MVP talks last season.
And this is why Harden is the most overrated player in the game. Chucker who doesn't play D.
hey he needs to save his energy for all those flops.
I guess he thought one season of okay defense was good enough to silence critics.
Salary: $15.76 million USD (2015)
Unbelievable. 
As soon as the spotlight lessens a bit on Harden the effort slips. 

Guy is straight up team cancer
But rocket fans told me that harden was average on D this year!
I'm a Knicks fan and that shit still ticks me off. His first play style is so garbage to me, then he has lapses such as this.
It's so strange. It's one thing if you suck ass at defence but how can you get to NBA and not be competitive enough to at least TRY?
And this man was an MVP candidate? lol
What
the 50/50 title trend continues lol
Classic James Haren
shameful
James HAREN FTW!
This is the first time I have laughed out loud at someone's defense. 
Harden said nah why waste my effort lol
That's James Haren
Never seen a player rely on ref calls for both offense and defense so heavily before
This is why I hate how he plays the game. He wants fouls called first and they he will actually play some basketball. He has so much potential to be fun to watch, but the is always whining to the ref, and it makes for terrible basketball. 
I don't understand how he doesn't get benched for stuff like this.
This is a top 10 NBA player lmao
OP, spell his name properly man
thats his whole game, bitching to the refs about calls, and flopping. 
That is ridiculous, Harden is a bitch.
Not when you're the only 50/50 which I was talking about basketball?
can we stop using imgur for gifs
yo, i think i'm blind. shit was like a couple fps.
*inane D
Dat buttery smooth fps
Something about the Knicks just brings out the best in Harden's transition D

http://gfycat.com/BarrenFormalGalah
/r/nbafiftyfifty
I'm pretty sure everyone knew this was sarcasm before clicking on it.
Haven't you heard the best defense is offense 
Title was too easy to guess which side of the 50/50 it was gonna be
Atleast LeBron woulda hacked the shit out of him.. 
do u think ppl show him these videos?
[That title](http://i.imgur.com/1kdDpjx.jpg)
Harden: "BRO! WTF Defense was.. shit he's... fuck it, bro wtf?"

Watching that really bummed me out. They need to hire a coach that will wake them up 
It is a miracle they will a game here and there. Way to rain on the party, Knicks.
These are like the Dion Waiters gifs, don't know which way it will go
Sleepy eyes, sleepy D
Matador Defense, literally.
Khloe Kardashian needs to give him back his D.
He's just cooling around out there.
What's interesting is that every time people criticize his defense, Rocket fans chime in and claim he's actually a good defender. This is despite highlight videos of his defense over and over again.

Whenever he has a remotely good defensive game, people come out of the woodwork and go 'in your face haters, he's a great defender'.

Tired of that shit.
LMAO I'm just thinking in lieu of Kobe's retirement announcement, Kobe is a legend, how many GIFs are there of him pulling shit like this in any of his 20 seasons? Harden if you wanna be the best, start putting in the work to call yourself the best. 

Mamba fan out.
/r/nbafiftyfifty
I am forever waiting for a title like this where James Harden actually plays good D. 
Obviously yelling at the ref because he thought that Terry had the ball, which is understandable.
My bullshit opinion? Dude will never be a champion. 
thats what an mvp would do.
He was just trying to correct his teammate's poor defense in the middle of a play. What's the big deal?
He's still a stud.. and I know he loves to call himself the best player in the league..but I think I still take Lebron,KD,Russ,PG13 and Steph before I take Harden
Maybe it's just me but I think this is better than drawing what probably would have been a foul.  He started to run, realized he was late and just gave up the 2 points... 

Like if your argument is "Well he should have at least tried" fine but with that much distance to gain 99.95% of the time that's either a dumb foul or 2 points.  He should have tried but I don't think it would have made a difference and I can't blame him for giving up on a play that he had little chance of stopping. 
/r/nbafiftyfifty 
hes a shit about playing defense That title made me do a double take.
Harden in a nutshell. 
Lag
I told you to charge your controller James I came to see it for Harden of all people.
False hope that this was going to a clip of him playing good D lol
https://youtu.be/QDfSX8UCuYk
[Seems as if he loves to play D on the Knicks..]( http://gfycat.com/BarrenFormalGalah)
To be kinda fair, it seemed like Terry was fouled or going to steal the ball and the break would stop but the break continued..

But yeah, horrible defense and just gave up way too easily on the play.  
How did I know that it would actually indeed be a video of Harden not playing defense
This ain't even 50/50 at this point
Shaqtin' da fool incoming 
Could you imagine if this happened on the spurs? Immediate time out followed by benching.
he points at him and says " you fucked up". 
This is why people say the NBA doesn't play defense
Harden is the worst defender at the SG position, which is crazy because one of them is retiring after 20 seasons.
Hate Harden as much as the next guy, but kind of looked like he thought his teammate was about to get a steal and stopped his momentum. Bad play, but not as bad as some seem to be implying. 
It's shit like this that make me glad the Rockets are doing so badly.  You suck James.  
Man, Pop would've berated his ass for that.
DPOY! He was draped all over that guy. Harden is one of the Detroit Piston Bad Boys displaced in time. 
Harden, not da real MVP
I can't believe the amount of heat I caught from this sub when I called Harden's "defense" from last year a smokescreen.
I want Harden to cover Austin Rivers one-on-one on the break. Harden waves as Rivers goes by him, Rivers crosses himself up and falls the floor as the ball rolls to a stop beneath the basket.
Scoreboard!
OKC may have gotten nowhere near max value, but they're better off with Adams than Harden. I can find no scenario where Harden wouldn't have become cancerous if he stayed with OKC along with Durant, Westbrook, and Ibaka. His attitude and general playstyle is flat out embarrassing to the league. In addition, I'm almost certain that he was the primary orchestrator in the firing of Kevin McHale.
[deleted]
It appears that this year, players are actually shooting better when being guarded by Harden.

http://i.imgur.com/ixWIDXM.jpg

http://hoopshype.com/2015/11/17/the-internet-is-mocking-james-hardens-defense-again/
I feel like you can't build a contender around this guy...
I would prefer to be the worst team in the league than have Harden on my team
These lying titles are getting really f*cking old
Looks like OKC might not have just been trying to save a nickle in salary...
James Haren you mean
Can't wait for the inevitable return of Ames Haren
Is it me or are the "opposite" titles on r/nba getting old?
Does anyone have a higher quality source. /r/nba has spoiled me and raised my expectations!
Holy shit, that's actually horrible, wtf was he thinking?
Fuck James Harden! 
This is why regardless of how offensively gifted he is, I will never respect him as a player
He is SO intense...
I feel like he should be fined for that
Man, the only thing insane about Harden's D is him putting it in a Kardashian
The whole NBA game is a disgrace to defense.

Source: College Basketball
Harden is a scrub.
I hate kardanshian
Is anyone gonna mention the other guy I'm on his team that had the pass basically stolen and gave it up?
I do appreciate Hardens contributions to one of the most entertainingly dysfunctional teams in the league. 
Wtf this is not /r/nbafiftyfifty
Terry was trying to take the foul 
Inb4 rockets fans feel persecuted 
Him and Jet were calling for a foul that Jet was trying to take
In Hardens defense (haha) I'm pretty sure he thought Jason Terry stole the ball. By the time he realized the truth, it was too late to play any meaningful D without committing a stupid foul
r/NBA sarcasm getting a little annoying for me. 
Misleading title
It looks like /u/xarziv is salty
dumb ass, terry got fouled and harden thought it was gonna be a dead ball. ref missed the call and they get a free layup
first and foremost, yes, Harden should have kept playing and stopped ball.

HOWEVER

what everyone is failing to realize, shockingly, is that Jason Terry got PULLED BY THE NECK by Lance Thomas. It looks like James is instinctively and momentarily stunned, both by the fact that this even occurred as well as the fact that the ref did nothing about it. 

Again, there's no disagreeing that he should have continued to play defense, but in that moment, wouldn't you be pissed and shocked if you just saw your teammate get pulled by the neck like that with no foul called? Wouldn't you be caught off guard just long enough for the opponent to slip by? No player should ever assume fouls will be called no matter how blatant the foul seems and he is definitely at fault for the blown coverage. I just think it's irresponsible for everyone here to completely ignore the context of the situation in piling on the usual hate for him. I have a hard time believing anyone here would not pause even slightly if they were in this same situation, which would be just enough time for the defense to be blown. This situation is more of just bad luck and wrong place/wrong time than haha pathetic James Harden, non-existent defender and no-effort, POS "leader". 

I fully acknowledge his significant, consistent shortcomings on the defensive end and how it impacts his ability to be a true leader and elite player. I just think if anyone wants to be rational and reasonable, then they would at least acknowledge what really happened in this situation instead of ignoring the facts in perpetuating the same narrative. But, I get it. As fans, we have a right to hate and it is what it is. Hate as it relates to sports is not supposed to be rational or make sense. It's a part of the fun and we're all going to be naturally prone to it based on how passionate and invested we are. I have been and will continue to be guilty of it myself. I just had to get this off my chest for my own sanity after seeing all the comments that to me, are completely off-base and ignorant as it relates to this specific situation. Maybe people didn't catch the foul on Terry, maybe people did and don't care and want to hate anyway. I completely understand both. Just wanted to vent and clear my own conscience.  
Jerk away /r/nba. Make sure to clean up after you finish 
Oh eat a dick you over reactors. He was shocked that Terry got yanked back by his neck in front of a ref and no foul was called. 
So this is the new thing then on /r/NBA? Lying? That's what's hot on the streets with you kids?
Everyone in this thread talking shit about Harden wish that they had him
I personally think this misleading title 50/50 stuff is retarded bullshit but I'm upvoting because fuck Harden
Curry has now gotten to the point where he just has teammates for the sole purpose of bouncing balls off them
What a beautiful no look pass from Draymond, this chemistry is really starting to show now 
This is better than a no-look pass, it was a no-awareness pass
Haha Curry, "Uh, should I...uh ok...alright, uh I guess I'll go". 
That's so Draymond
I cracked up when I saw this happen! Haha

But you can see it hit the baseline after 
THAT'S A VIOLATION!!!
well technically hit the baseline so shoulda been out of bounds :S
Steph was like...."is this legal, ref?  you aren't calling it, then I guess is it!" lol
I'm glad someone else caught this, saw it and was laughing like crazy. Draymond was harping on the refs an annoying amount tonight, really hope Shaqtin a Fool gives him a hard time for it- doubt it will happen, but this was a golden play.
can we open the discussion that he's a better passer than Curry now?
Play of the game right there 
If there was something I desperately needed in my life at this very moment, it was this. Thank you.
thats.. low key out of bounds lol. ball dropped on the line. Someone could have sucker punched somebody in front of them and both that ref and draymond green wouldn't notice.
but it hit the out of bounds off of green first. That's not allowed right?
Lol. at first I thought he made a full court inbound oop to festus of someone. lol
It should be Detroit ball because Draymond's " pass" hit the line before going to curry. Just saying. 
Lmao Curry had to do a double take when the ref didn't make him redo that.
this is gonna be #shaqtin
Out of bounds? 
I feel like the ref was about to blow his whistle and then remembered he was in Golden State. 
aww steph.
Curry: Ball live?  Aight. Ball live guys
Wow team chemistry is at an all time high.

On a side note is that not out of bounds? Hits Draymond and lands out before going in. If that were a inbounds pass were the inbounder bounces out of bounds prior to it going into play surely that is out of bounds and a turnover... no?
"Is that play legal?!"
Ref too busy by Draymond to catch that it was out of bounds.
Dray be like a mom busy yelling at dad while the kid just wanna play ball. 
serious question: is the inbounder permitted to bounce the ball off of the out-of-bounds floor? i realize draymond hit the baseline which is probably an issue, but i'd like to think of some neat trick plays while i avoid working today and this is info is key to making that happen
You can hear someone screaming "HELLOOO HELLOOOO" right after Curry inbounds the ball.
Teammate Chemistry: A+
Is there anything Steph can't do?
So why don't people go crazy of this clearly missed call? like.. it was 1m away from the ref and it was clearly out of bounds. Fucking joke.
Nice job on the title. Was expecting a full court pass.
So casual
Draymond getting lazy right there
BEAST!!
he got hella court awareness 
Draymond so good, even his gut can do a pass.
What a chest pass
Out of Bounds!?!?
Off the Greezy 
This play is for those who don't believe that Steph hides all of the teammates weaknesses.
LOL
Me_irl
Curry continues his wizardry...
Look Ma, no hands.
Curry also carries as well
That's like that dog that throws the ball for itself 
I hope this is gonna be their thing from now on 
#VerySolidPlay
This is freakin amazing. 
Dray gonna Dray
Would that be considered an out? Since it bounced off green onto the line
THIS MAKES A MOCKERY OF THE GAME. HOW DARE THE OFFICIALS NOT CALL IT. ANGRY ONLINE OVER HERE
I see Draymond's been watching some Kuroko's Basketball
Hows that not a technical?
im actually happen the zebra didnt stop the game for this bs
Draymond with his bicep and Kanter with his face, these old guys passing with their hands better get with the times.
Definitely more impressive than the elbow pass 
Didn't that go out of bounds?
[Green to the refs](http://www.csnbayarea.com/sites/csnbayarea/files/green-draymond-warriors-tongue.jpg)
[What this is](http://www.chocolatemoosey.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/Apple-Turnovers-9669-1024x682.jpg)
Why not just call him Raymond? Why the D?
Steph and Draymond working on their give and go.
i didn't know that works....
LOL
Draymond always talking to the refs lmao
i think the ref should have called it. i guess i'm a hater. 
That should have been Piston's ball. You could see the ball bouncing on the line.
it looked like the ball touched the line. out of bounds....
That's a turnover if we're being technical about it. It hit the baseline before it bounced inbounds.
Lmao there's no way that's actually legal. 

The ref just goes along with it, I guess you do what the MVP wants.
Carried it. Turnover Curry.  Yum.
&gt;Green, seated next to Duncan, was waiting for the zinger
I like to think Duncan's never spoken to or about Green until this exact quote. The devastation has been planned for years, fucking Jar Jar.
A rare Duncan diss. Painful.
Selected 46th overall from the 2009 draft. Was basically Lebron James's pre-game dancing partner in Cleveland. Waived from the Cavaliers. Signed by the Spurs. Waived after a few weeks. Played in D-league. Then went overseas. Signed again by Spurs. Improved his 3 and D. Became Pop's newest whipping boy. Set a finals record for 3's. Then played a great part in a Championship team. Signed a $45 million for 4 years contract. Now one of the best defensive players in the NBA.
But you are still shit on, by none other than Tim Duncan.
Life is hard when you are Danny Green.
Another example of why Duncan is a terrible team-mate.
I see Popovich is grooming Timmy for his job.
Fundamentally Savage
Our second unit is a well oiled machine. Yes Danny Green is shooting poorly but I truly believe it is because the looks and catches he is getting are not very good. He is a spot up shooter that has made a living at the top of the key and wing. Our first unit has become iso heavy and it is affecting Danny Greens looks. When Tony is Running the pick and roll at the top of the key Green is being forced to clear outside of his comfort zone. Also when Kawhi is backing down defenders in the post Green has to clear to the other side to prevent a double team. Green needs to start sliding to the corner like Bowen did when Timmy owned the high post. Green is forcing fairly contested shots due to bad spacing or is trying to get looks off the dribble which has never been a strong suit for him. It will just take time with our first unit. They are iso heavy now because the motion doesn't flow well yet. The isos get us points but if one of those guys have a bad game we will struggle. Hopefully the first unit can find their stride and realize that holding the ball on an iso for 4 or 5 seconds with no intention of passing is going to prevent us from making a deep run in the playoffs.
God I love the spurs
When you're a dynasty and he still suckin'.
Danny Green fantasy owners also agree
[Out of nowhere!](http://www.kappit.com/img/pics/201511_2305_fbhce.jpg)
The best organization, top to bottom, in pro sports.  The Spurs are amazing.
Popovich's coaching tactics leaking into Duncan 
Boom roasted
All players who play with bad teammates should just come to the Spurs so they can say this and "get away" with it, The relationship between the members of the organization is amazing, one of the reasons they've been so successful.
It must be so hard to be a player on the Spurs during a dry spell.
Leonard is only 24, what the fuck? They've been good for so long, and they have Kawhi Leonard, Danny Green, LaMarcus Aldridge, Patty Mills, Tim Duncan, and Kyle Anderson, guys who are going to be able to contribute for years still. Ugh they're going to be good for a long time, it's not even fair fuck the Spurs 

Edit: can someone explain why I'm being downvoted? 

Edit 2: For the record, I was at -6 when I made the first edit 
You jsut know know Duncan is going to take over for Coach Pop at some point.


Danny Green is definitely the Mario Chalmers of the Spurs.
Danny pls
When you're the loser of the group and they roast you endlessly, but you stick around because they're cool and make you look better than you are. 
When you get rekt by dad. 
Timmy, must also have Danny Green on his fantasy team. 
And this is why I love Timmy and the Spurs. Had I a modicum of NBA talent, can't imagine any teammate/organization combination I'd rather play with.
Sucking what? 
 ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) 
TIMMY WITH NO REGARD FOR GREENS LIFE!!
sucking what...?
Timmy you fucking savage. Poor Danny, this history of his teammates and pop getting on him is so enjoyable for me. 
So danny green is the mario chalmers of the spurs now?
I went and looked up his game log for reference. Timmy don't lie. http://stats.nba.com/player/#!/201980/gamelogs/
Savage!!
I love Tim Duncan.
thats brutal lol i remember last year? when danny said he felt like he let tim down with his poor performance in the playoffs  because  he thought it was timmys last year
Shots fired, which Danny Green will most likely miss.
Damn it Danny 
[something about the Spurs. some kind of opinion or something]
Savage
they really just have to hope that pop sticks it out after they all retire. 
Where's the lie though?
shoted fiared
so classy
I'm surprised at Otto scoring 19 on Kawhi.
I thought this was NBA circlejerk for a second!
Those are bold ambitions Timmy.
They're serious about 6-76 this year.
I've got the picks with me goin' backkkk to back - Sam Hinkie
And they are still the most exciting sports team in philly by a large margin
I know Brett Brown loves coaching this team but he's gotta wake up some days a bit miffed that he has to coach one of the worst teams in league history 
PHILAD0-11PHIA
started from the bottom now were here
witnessing greatness yall
Joining the Spurs as a true model of consistency 
uh..congrats? 
I saw that we were up 1 with about 3:30 to go. By the time I got a stream up, we were down 6. Sounds about right.

At least we've been getting competitive on some games.
:(
http://imgur.com/AAPuhec
[Hinkie intensifies]
I bet their first win comes against the warriors.
What a time to be alive
I'm still into it
We already had this thread when they were the first team to go 0-9 in consecutive seasons.
Who's streak ends first? Ours or theirs? Honestly I think both are pretty hard to keep up.
I'm not sure how closely most people follow the Sixers, but this team is much better than last year's team. And more fun to watch.

The Sixers have played one of the toughest schedules to this point and been competitive in a handful of those games. The wins will start coming once the schedule eases up a bit, I still think "better than the Nets" is a reasonable expectation.
everyone will forget when they are contenders after hinkies plan is in motion
Got the tank in me going back to back
Congratulations!
#HinkieBall
Same exact narrative as the beginning of last year. No, we won't end up with the worst team, no we haven't gotten much worse.
Back to Back
At least you aren't the Nets
Not enough top prospects on that team yet?
So when do they come out of "collecting young assets" mode and go into "improving year over year" mode? All these young talents joining the team, there has to be SOME improvement.
Back to back like Jordan 96 97
"Team without shooters of perimeter defense is bad."
Well they got Jahlil. So id say losing is working for them
The tank will continue till they draft Lebrons James Jr with the number 1 overall pick
Well... it has been a very hard schedule.  Along with an injury riddled team, undrafted players playing up, lots of inexperience guys, and close games.

But no one wants excuses...

I personally have been loving this season.  So entertaining
going as planned
Getting all of these records and getting a top 5 pick every year. What's not to like? :D
I was really hoping to see a 76ers fan to post [this](http://m.imgur.com/gallery/vIf0lAD).
Hope they can continue the streak next season.
congrats Phillyyyyy
I believe in the 6-76ers, they'll at least win a few
thats some damn nice consistency good job
Weren't they already the first to start 0-9 back to back ? 
[oh] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gutCFMc5khY)
Yay.
I wonder if this multi-year tanking job will pay out in the end   
Philly NBA champs 2020?
The Nets traded away their soul with the outcome of being terrible, but we didn't even make history yet. You guys win. 
We did it.
I can't believe you've done this.
The Sixers have drafted the early season projected #1 pick the straight years, they got this tanking shit down packed.
So....almost as bad as the Detroit Lions
What a time to be alive.
Goddamn. My favorite teams are the Phillies and the Sixers, and they're both the worst they've been in fucking decades. Someone kill me.
Proud of my team^^/s
 #wattba
Congrats philly fans!
That blows.
I wonder if they'll be able to three-peat next year
At least they have that going
there's always next year
Ouch. 
We did it!
This tank better be worth it...
I still see them winning more games this year. Okafor is pretty damn fuckin good, him and Noel will drag them to wins.

They can beat the shittier teams like Nets, Lakers and Rockets
Makes you wonder who's going to be the team that first loses to them.
The process is working.
ITT: Group therapy for Sixers fans.
Who says history is written by the victors? Not Sixers.
I wanna coach the 76ers. They probably still won't win games but getting paid and losing? I could get behind that.
If you're gunna suck might as well be the best at it
YOU DID IT GUYS GOOD JOB
Cmon Philly 0-19 is the goal here, you tied the longest losing streak ever why not break the worst start ever and then try fr 0-27
Stop making fun of us guys. :(
http://www.0and76ers.net/
It's an embarrassment. I hate to be a dick about it to the players, fans, etc. but honestly is the Hinkie approach really worth how bad they've been the last few years?
going BAAAACK TO BACK
No biggie.

They're super young, unfamiliar with each other, have faced a rugged schedule and have been missing four of the team's six best players for most of the season (plus Noel missed a couple games). Covington made a huge difference last year and came back last night on a minutes restriction -- they were +9 with him on the floor last night in a tight loss to Dallas. 

This would be a disastrous start if they were aiming for the playoffs, but this season is about player development (again). If they're still awful in a month, which I suspect won't be the case, then criticism and mockery will be more justified. Despite the record, there have been some individual signs of promise from Okafor, Nerlens, TJ, Grant and others. 
You laugh now but whose gonna be laughing at draft day when we get our 2 lotto picks
In any case, sixers fans know this team is built to lose on purpose instead of fooling ourselves into getting a 7 or 8 seed and getting mauled by the Cavs. We mostly watch to see how the young guys do. Okafor, Noel, Stauskus, Covington, etc. They play hard every game. Brown is coaching a d-league team and 3-4 NBA players and every game is relatively close. Its not at all bad to watch. Would much rather watch the Sixers than Lakers not suck on purpose and never play hard and only win when Kobe randomly goes off.
I think the Sixers can do it. I think they can beat the 2011 Bobcats for worst team of all time.
#\#TrustTheProcess#
Greatest tank dynasty of all time
I am sorry, but this is a fucking joke. Down vote me all you want Sixer fans, but your GM, Coach, and Organization has let you down. In the process tarnishing these players legacies from the beginning.
"Trust the Process."
refs had to swoop in there and ruin a close one great game by both sides besides that
I trust the process but man there is a reason that it requires so much trust
BACK TO BACK 
It's impressive how awful they have been.
Congratulations to the sixers and their fans!
Honest and serious question to Sixers fans:  what the HELL is wrong with that team?
I know this might not mean much, but I am incredibly confident this rebuild is headed the right direction. Don't be surprised if we see 2-9 11 games into the 2017 season. 
All part of the plan baby, all part of the plan.
who cares, our frontcourt will be numero uno here in a few years 
Movie Trailer (Don Lafontain's voice): Imagine a team that tanked for several years to get top draft picks... [stereotypical film re-winding sound]: and they still completely suck.

Trailer:


From the people who brought you "Tank for the First Pick I: Draft a Point Guard Who Peaked in College", "Tank for the First Pick II: Draft a Center Who Had a Season-Ending Injury Even Before the Draft," and "Tank for the First Pick III: Draft a player at the Same Position as Last Year's First Round Pick"


This season's blockbuster: "Tank for the First Pick IV: Try to Bundle Some Players in a Fire-Sale Trade or Draft a Center Again."
Now that u posted this you can go back to watching the raptors wade around in mediocrity for the next decade, at least u got drake??
Cheer up Philadelphia. Y'all still have the Phillies, Eagles and Flyers. 
What a time to be alive.
"... Fuck."

-next year's top draft prospects
If we had steph curry on this team I still don't know if we'd have any wins right now 
So who'd win if the Sixers played Kentucky?
No other bad/tanking team in history has started as tanky as the 76'ers 2 seasons in a row. 

 #Process
If those lottery balls keep screwing us over, than we will competitively lose every single game.  Well that's not entirely true, we'll have at least two wins when we wreck the Lakers.
Bring back AI #thereturn
I don't believe Gregg Popovich would make it to a full month coaching the 76ers this year.  Poor Brett Brown.  With sincerity, I hope the team succeeds for him soon.  Defensive-minded coaches are my favorites.  That might be the bias talking from past coaches on Chicago sports teams (Tom Thibodeau's 5 years on the Bulls, Lovie Smith with the Chicago Bears, etc.)
They're just trying to get to 0-12 to show their support for Ronda Rousey.
Process^TM
they should have drake do a halftime performance for the sixers for such a big milestone back2back
Trust the Process
Bring long two Waiters in there, he'll fix all of their problems I guarantee it 
[Sixers fans be all](https://youtu.be/LTnq268y2ms?t=1m27s)
Trust the process, though, right?
[deleted]
I went to Philly a few months ago and was kinda surprised that the Sixers *weren't* the laughing stock of the city, everyone was hating on the Phillies haha
phiLLy
0 and 76ers Part II: Electric Boogaloo 
Oh man oh man

Not again
I remember a wider fan telling me in the summer that he would rather have Hinkie than Oshley.

I wonder if he still thinks Hinkie has a plan. 
I would legitimately love to see the 76ers be docked their 1st rounder for purposefully tanking.

If the NBA set a standard that you shouldn't throw games that would be awesome imo.
Is the 2016 draft even worth tanking? They just flat out dont have their stuff together.
Is there a good reason that Christian Wood sits all night when Covington and Sampson get serious minutes?? 



I get that its a "process" but I dont think sixers mgmt has any idea how to deal with talent beyond one or two players. This team is brutal and no one seems to have any idea what to do about that. Is every single player on this team a trade chip? Is there any SEMBLANCE of a team being built here? Its like this team is a place for kids to audition for real NBA teams and roster spots. 
Yaaay! Go 76ers
Yeah! Tanking sure does bring shitty teams back into contention! Everyone should do what Philly did.
I remember about a month ago some clown was trying to say the Sixers were following the same path as the Thunder in their rebuild. Got downvoted for saying they were nothing alike. 
tanking never looked worse lol
nothing wrong about that. you know what nba team is making the wrong kind of history? THE ROCKETS! opening the season with THREE STRAIGHT, THREE STRAIGHT, THREE STRAIGHT, THREE STRAIGHT, THREE STRAIGHT, THREE STRAIGHT 20PT LOSSES! the first one beign at home against the fuckin nuggets! then they go on a 4 game winning streak and looking good? EHHH WRONG! 4 GAME LOSING STREAK, PLAYING LIKE ABSOLUTE DIARHEA SHIT! first two losses against the NETS AND NUGGETS, AGAIN! THEY DID IT AGAIN! THIS IS HISTORY FOR HUMANIT, NOT JUST NBA. THERE'S SOMETHING WEIRD AS HELL GOING ON HERE! ABSOLUTELY NONE OF IT MAKES SENSE NO MATTER HOW FAR YOU STRETCH IT!
This is the Kings not worrying at all about that pick swap they dangled out there to unload all that money on Philly so they could buy their new triple-double machine.
Turning a losing culture around is going to be much harder than the 76ers anticipated. 
Nothing but net
Somewhere out there, Mark Cuban is smiling.
Air Jordan!
Not seen here is how much Chris Paul hates him
Imagine being Chris Paul in this moment
Sit him until he agrees to shoot granny style. 
You guys are being overly critical. At least he shot them in the correct direction.
*Upvote if you're a strong independent DJ who don't need no free throws*
Theory: He shoots left handed but he has never noticed that he is actually right handed.
How is this even possible? How can someone be so bad at the most basic and most important part of basketball. He has to have been on a basketball court for thousands of hours at this point. How can he be so bad at shooting a basketball!? 
&gt;I get up to the foul line...and I airball the first one.  But I did not airball the second one.  Because after you airball, the goal no longer becomes to make a basket.  It's just to hit some shit.  To show the people in the bleachers that you have a general sense of the game.  So I hit some shit.  Bottom of the backboard to be precise.
His mechanics are off, its a phsycological thing, blah blah blah. I don't care. If you're a professional basketball player, you should NOT airball 2 free throws in a row. 
I don't understand how DJ continues to do this.... he takes at least 100 free throws a day when he practices and warms up. it must be all mental
How he thinks that is less embarrassing than granny shots is beyond me.  
My coach in high school always told us to never miss the same shot the same way two times in a row. If you airball it, you better miss long. I don't know how he didn't adjust to at least hit the rim on his second free throw.
how the hell is it even possible to airball a fucking free throw
But I thought Coach Nick said he'd [shoot 70% from the line] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QhwPuwzOfOg) this year...
"I got to the foul line and I air balled the first free throw. But I did not air ball the second one. Because after you air ball, the goal no longer becomes to make a basket. It's just to hit some shit."


Even John Mulaney has a better grasp on basketball.
80 MILLION DOLLARS
*clipper announcer voice* "but they look GOOD."
So glad he decided to go back to LA and be coddled. 
Air Jordan!
Maybe he's one of the players who has their talent stolen for Space Jam 2.
Not using his legs enough
Ha ha
I just cannot wrap my fucking head around how this happens. These guys touch a basketball so much it must feel like an extension of their own limbs. How do you misjudge the weight of something you hold for hours every day.
Even Shaq hit rim
I can understand how big guys could have a tougher time. The high angle, the big hands, the long limbs...they all make sense why it would be tough for them to shoot a really high percentage. But there is no reason to be under 50% at free throws. 

Nearly every other NBA player could learn to shoot above 50% with their off hand within a week or two. I'd say a decent amount could learn how to kick the ball in the hoop at 50% with a month's practice. 

He just lacks the will to get better. 
He needs to start playing the bank shot for his free throws. 
As a Mavs fan all I can say is. Good 
CLUTCHNESS.
And bballbreakdown said he would shoot 70% this year... can you hear me shaking my head?
DeAndre be Shaqtin' a fool
There's actually a great "surprisingly awesome" podcast episode explaining the mental aspect of a free throw and shares insight on why NBA players struggle with them.
I mean, this isn't anything new right? We see this fairly often every season right? Even Lebron has done it
He should just try to bank them in. It'll be better for him. 
I seem to remember Shaq airballing at least 500 in a row. Until he started shooting them underhand that is.
I was at this game. Crowd was just absolutely silent on the second one.
Gotta love the birds eye view that shows as little as humanly possible.
Wow he really needs to start lifting weights so he can be strong enough to make that shot 
Elfrid Payton did this last year too
Guys it's nothing but net? 
Am I blind? I've watched it a hundred times and it looks like the first one goes in. Guess this is why I wear glasses
On the latest Lowe Post they talked about the ridiculousness of free throw percentages among these big men. I haven't tried to shoot underhand since I was a kid, but it obviously looks like they would have a better percentage just doing that.
Air Jordan, am I right???
God damn, that look on his face like he knows ya'll are about to shit all over him. 
I seriously can't get over how awful the new logo is. Every time I see it I cringe. 
That's the kind of thing you tell someone who shoots like 40% from the line.
It's funny how a lot of the crowd hangs their head after the second airball.
Classic DJ.
shoots with his arm too straight.
swish baby
He might as well start shooting underhand.
10/10 Drummonds
The gfycat URL says it all "/BlindHonoredFurseal"
Why don't these guys who suck at the line not just try to learn a drastically new shooting method. I mean, it couldn't be much worse than how much they suck right now. Look at Rick Barry for instance: 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nz-T30WZKo8


Why the fuck doesn't he just try shooting granny style. It would probably increase his FT% by at least 10% and he would be just as embarrassed as air balling free throws...
In a professional basketball competition.
There should be a rule against fouling him.
This is just a theory but perhaps it has something to do with him being a professional basketball player?
Somebody tell him it's okay to bank them in off the backboard.
I want to see how he does if he shoots from the top of the key instead of at the stripe. 
When will someone have the balls to go full Rick Barry
Hmm, this is the first time I've seen him shoot FTs since last year's playoffs. His form looks different and worse. Can anyone who watches a lot of Clippers games chime in here? I haven't had a chance to watch much if any bball this year cause of work so I don't know if it's the stress getting to me or my memory has just gone to crap (getting old).
How is this less embarrassing that shooting underhand/granny?  That's always the excuse I hear whenever someone suggests to one of these guys they do that instead of being horrible at FTs.
Height and athleticism plays such a huge role in basketball for big men that free throws gets ignored. And then once you start missing, it slowly becomes mental.
why in the hell does he hold the ball so high? why in the hell does any shooting coach let him do that?

there is absolutely no wrist involved in his shot. 
Dude has been such a letdown this season.
He was close, though!
"Professional basketball player"  What do guys like him do in the off-season? There is no excuse for an NBA player who goes to the line as often as him to be such a poor FT shooter.  If hand size prevents him from having good shooting form then shoot underhand.  People would laugh at first, but if Jordan started making 70% of his FT the laughter would stop.  

*"professional"*


Generally having a bigger role in the offense leads to getting fouled more, especially for a big man that can't shoot. How does he expect to be given a bigger role if he can't hit free throws?
I've airballed free throws, but even in high school i had the presence of mind to blast the fuckin ball into the backboard and make a hole in it on the second shot. I'd cut his salaru in half after witnessing this. 
If I were Doc Rivers, I'd bench DJ until he started shooting underhand FTs.

"Wah wah, but they'll make fun of me, coach!"

People are *already* laughing at you. Your team's only shot against the Warriors is if you play like a two-way superstar. You can't do that if you're shooting FTs at a worse rate than a decent 3pt shooter hits 3s. 

The only difference in embarrassment between bricking FTs and shooting underhanded is that the latter makes you look like a "pussy" in a way that the former doesn't. Ha! All this talk about having the heart of a champion or some bullshit like that, yet schoolyard notions of manliness win out over a legit shot at being a much better player and giving your team a much better chance of being champs.
what a joke of a player, hassan whiteside all day, 
His release point needs to be lower. The ball is way above his head.
It always blows my mind that guys like DJ, Dwight, Shaq, Rondo, ect. Can't hit atleast 50% on free throws. Its not like its any farther than the college foul line. Its such an easy shot
Fuck you ,im rich bitch
Trash.
I understand being nervous with a billion humans screaming at you, but I have a hard time respecting these big men that have terrible shooting mechanics. It is apparent they relied purely on their size and athleticism while developing and didn't really give a shit about putting the time in to learn how to shoot a ball
I don't get how they haven't gotten him a good shooting coach and fixed this yet.  His shot is mechanically flawed in so many ways
Aw jeez. What is the appeal in this guy again? Centers need to be able to score in our modern NBA, he can't do that. He can't shoot freethrows, and gets fouled like crazy. His defense is alright, but alot of C's can play defense. What is SO SPECIAL ABOUT HIM? 
idk why hes so bad does he practice them at all? every European big seem to be good ft shooters
what do you mean "somehow"... this happens occasionally. look at his FT%
Even the best basketball player the world will ever see is going to mess up twice in a row over the thousands of hours they play.
Clippers suck. Cp3 needs out of that career killing team.
Well he is in the NBA just cause he's tall and athletic,  he really can't ball that well
ITT: fellow 7 foot tall muscular humans critiquing Deandre Jordan on his free throw ability.
I watched the video. Not that I needed to, it was exactly what I expected. Pathetic. 
This still surprises people?
If those are the skills required to play in the NBA,  then I would absolutely qualify for one of those multi - million dollar paychecks.
The face-palms, hands in the air and chin-to-chest disappointments in the crowd make me realize that Clippers fans expect a little more out of the team these days.
I can say, with the utmost confidence, that your average joe playing ball at your local basketball court has a better free throw than this man. 
Absolute joke. I still don't understand how he's so highly rated by people. 
Swing a miss by Jordan)
DAE hate the clippers!? LOLOLOL 

Edit- Just saying, if a big man missing two free throws is highlight worthy, that's a cirlclejerk. 

As a coach, how do you not just go fucking ballistic when your superstar does shit like this then the other superstar just doesn't try on defense? 
I love how the ref reacts to the fast break faster than any Rocket. 
Harden and Howard deserve eachother
What the fuck was that
he was going for that no look pass
Me and my buddy's play ball every week. That's an Andy pass right there.
I love how both harden and dwight didn't even attempt to get back
wow, the body language is just pure shit.
SVG probably had a good laugh 
By far my favorite most hated team.
all I'm imagining is Cartman playing basketball and saying "fuck you guys, I'm going home" and then just leaving the ball like that.
Dwight, you ignorant slut!
He's just sad he didn't get to shoot the 3
Holy shit rockets fans, is this the product you watch? Wow the body language is so pathetic, four of the five don't even react 
He didn't get the screen he wanted, then tossed the ball and didn't look back. Amazing 
[deleted]
I like how Harden just stands there lol.
Yuck.. If my 10 year olds did that, they'd get benched.
that no look defense
Rockets commentators were so angsty that game

"Hey if you actually run you can catch up with drummond!"


Both him and Harden are All Stars. For someone like me who grew up watching the 90s games, these All Stars are just spoiled kids. 

But well, who cares, they make big money for the league. 

He throws these dumb one handed passes with his left hand every game...like throw a proper pass for once
I wonder what Harden said to Dwight.
Was it Diwght Howard's lack of trying, or Stan the Man's epic defensive scheme? I'll let you decide...but it's the latter. 
He was trying to run something different with Harden, Harden pointed to pass the ball to Lawson, Dwight then made that lazy pass. I posted in my Groupme when it happened, I think it was 2 plays in a row where they looked like they weren't on the same page. 

I believe it was the play before this where Dwight was standing right next to Harden at the 3 point line after a long rebound, and instead of handing it off to Harden, Dwight passed it to Ariza in the corner, who fumbled the ball and had to pass it back out. 
Harden watched that happen without even breaking his stride.
God dammit. This is just inexcusable. 
Lawson is the only one trying to stop the fastbreak lol
ignorant slut
lol. These Rockets!
SVG must have a grin on his face
DWIGHT YOU IGNORANT SLUT
I dont watch basketball that much. But from what I see the rockets are [a team of these guys](https://youtu.be/aYEvESwz4js?t=4m16s)
I was worried there wouldn't be a huge train wreck this season.

Thanks Houston!
Has anyone seen a professional team give less of a shit in your life? I mean I can scarcely believe the stuff I'm seeing.

It's also just so incredibly wonderful.
I bet because he was looking the other way when the pass was intercepted when he saw Jackson making the layup he was ready to trash Lawson for being sloppy.
I like Dwight,  I don't care what anybody says. 
I'm not even from america and know nothing about NBA, this was just on /r/all. Is this even legal?
Dwight Howard, everyone.
No way this was going to be a 50/50 one.
Did somebody break the Rockets?
I like how KCP runs with Jackson to follow up in case of a miss and Harden is just standing still.
I mean, Lawson's gotta come to the ball when he sees a lazy ass pass like that so it's not all Dwight. Just... mostly Dwight.
yeah and everyone was against US after the whole Dwight fiasco.  good riddance.
The harden effect is rubbing off on the team.
Fucking hell my coach would bench me faster than the speed of light for that
Thanks for the 2016 playoff spot guys!
So disrespectful to the entire rockets coaching staff.
He was great in Orlando, but his ego is just too big. Look at that pass my friend. Deserves to be an superstar. HAHA
He's just fed up having to give up the ball.
Dwight, I told you not to be an idiot.
Read the title in Michael Scott's voice 
Beets, Bears, Bad at Basketball
But Kevin McHale was the problem... 
What happened to my team? :(
i love how it flashes the graphic for fastbreak points right before this happens. 
anyone else reminded of this?

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m1qPTATzegQ
The Houston rockets lead the league in Don't Give A Fuck All Stars. With a core of Ty Lawson, Rockets, and Dwight, Darryl Morey shows just how overrated intangibles are. Go pure analytics go.
Apparently the Rockets just don't fucking care anymore.
I think my favorite part of this is how they just showed the fast break points statistic.  
He could not give any less of a fuck right there
I think Howard is leaving after this season.

And it isn't necessarily a bad thing for Houston.

Dwight is certainly a beast and one of the best centers in the NBA, but it's hard to justify paying a multi-max to someone who seemingly plays only about 50-60% of the games, and is going into their 30s with a history of knee and back surgeries.

Additionally, the emergence of Capela and D-Mo would make losing him not as costly. They aren't as good as Dwight, but they are younger and can be had for much cheaper.
That's some shit that happens to me in street ball
Can anyone clarify why this sub hates the rockets so much?
Man.. I don't how you Houston fans can bear with this.  Or do you..
he should have been benched at that moment for the rest of the game, period
Dominate apathy. 
Is this a "The Office" reference, lol.
https://memecrunch.com/meme/PRZC/john-wall-bruh/image.jpg?w=1024&amp;c=1
Terrible effort -- coaching/management's worst fear. A lot of blemishes can be hidden (especially with an analytically-adept front office like Houston's), but effort cannot.
To be fair, he is clearly trying to give the ball to Lawson to start the offense but Lawson simply doesn't go get the ball..
That's why he hasn't gotten any better since high school.  I swear he's been "developing" for 10 fucking years now!
Shaqtin a full nominee
Please tell me that was a miscommunication, and not a result of a tantrum from Howard being pissed off at Harden for some reason. 


I wish the Rockets would get rid of him.
Well Lawson didn't come to the ball

Its not entirely Dwight's fault
Houston, we have a problem. 
Not his fault. If he did that in practice it wouldn't be stolen. Cause Harden. Get it?
I actually feel sorry for rockets fans right now. There is no reason for this basketball team to be this bad right now and it's embarrassing to watch. I'd rather be a sixers fan than a rockets fan right now because at least sixers fans get to watch their team play their heart out. 

The rockets are just a joke right now. I'm also beginning to think Lawson is just caught in the crossfire right now. It's not like he became a bad player over night, I just don't think he can do anything on this lazy squad. 
Shit like this reminds me of how lucky I am to be a Lakers fan. Talent alone doesn't get you championships, leadership and focus is required. And as much as I hate Derek Fisher, both as a player and a scumbag, he was that leader when Kobe and Shaq would measure dicks
If the entire Rockets team just died in a plane crash, the NBA would be kind and just automatically give them the #1 pick, right?  I mean, hypothetically speaking, of course...
But...but Harden + Howard is suppose to be the remix of Shaq and Kobe!
Type Lawson needs to be traded. Why in the fuck  was he in last night's line up
Another lovely day of whipping western conference ass.
Everything about this play is hilarious.
This is what happens when you let go of high character guys like Chandler Parsons
This GIF makes me so happy...
[deleted]
They really don't want a ring
NOT THIS GUY
Rondo with 20 assists. 

Is this real life?
/u/goran_dragic is back boys!!!! Gif makers better step their game up!

That was a beautiful play btw. 20th assist of the night for Rondo too.
You know what the hornets definitely didn't do? Build a fucking wall.
I love Rondo so much right now.
20th assist for Rondo! Please win this game Kings! Losing that lead was fucked up for my health.
RUDY-FUCKING-GAY
HE'S BACK! MY ONCE FAVORITE ATHLETE IN AMERICAN PRO SPORTS IS BACK!!!
i really hope this guy as at the game: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WK7lIjFsGvg
Fuck Karl
Wowzers in me trousers, Rondo has 20 assists and there are at least another 5 minutes to play
 this game is why I drink. I drink mainly after losses like this and sometimes when we win.
Leaving Rondo uncovered to inbound with .7 seconds seems moronic to me. Why don't you put your tallest guy on him to make it tougher?
It's crazy how calm he is throughout the games. You can really tell how much thinking is going on in the PG position while watching Rondo play. 

Dude is just stoic and throws it up to Rudy with no hesitation. 
That's basically the same play as Grizz beat Kings last year ^^^without ^^^the ^^^tip
Beautiful execution.
Perfect pass
But then the hornets won
Check out the poise of Rondo on the inbound. Totally calm
Jeez he wasn't even that open... That had to be a perfect pass and it was
Why not put someone on Rondo to at least make the pass hard?
I can't understand why the Hornets' coach would not stick someone on the inbounder. You HAVE to make that pass more difficult.
Its not fun if you lose...by giving up a 22 point lead...
Also, that makes rondo's 20th assist for the game! First one this year. Respect.
Yeah, I'm thinking he's back. 
Timeouts advancing the ball is one of the best rules in basketball.
WHAT THE FUCK
Geez, this just happened and it's already up. I bow to the, /u/goran_dragic 
This is such a strange game to watch, they were up like 20 now OT goddamn lol
Fuck that court is beautiful.
Even tho it was great to watch I knew rondo had just fucked the spread
Still caught that L
And his 20th assist for the game. Where you in Dallas? WHERE WERE YOU?
You make me sad Rondo 
Fuck all the haters.  Rondo is a basketball genius.  
Rondo has been so damn good this year.
I'm here to tell u people i told you so this offseason
FUUUUUU
THAT PLAY WAS BEAUTIFULLY DESIGNED! 
[deleted]
/u/goran_dragic... what a god
my god
How do you guys feel about not putting a guy on rondo, basically lets him put the ball in a perfect spot for free, or do you think it wouldn't have helped 
Does this play ever not work? 


Like when there's less than a second left in a game just have 4 guys stand in the paint and one guy guard the inbounder. If they want to attempt a tip-shoot from anywhere outside of the paint just let em have it. This play wins like 3 teams a game every season. 
Fucking sick!!!!! 
Why was Boogie benched? Only thing I thought of was foul trouble, but its OT, who cares...

Also, Belinellli been shittin the bed pretty bad. Good team good player type?
lol, how does this work so often.  what other play can they run with .7 then an alley oop just defend the paint.
Oh mahh gawd. That pass. That accuracy. That timing. Oh and that finish. 10/10
This play wins like 3 teams a game just have 4 guys stand in the league.
"RUDYGAYWHATAPLAY" damn, he had that one locked and loaded
You can see the exact moment Cody Zeller's heart breaks.
FORM A FUCKING WALL
Somehow when I see Rudy Gay alley oop I think dunk. Nice play though.
He's perfectly capable of 30 assists.
Rudy Gay, What a play.
Ha. I'm a poet, and I didn't even know I was rhyming those words.
Man that guys voice annoys the shit out of me.
This game was a UConn fans wet dream
Celtics era Doc Rivers play right there
Hurt his back in the PG position while watching Rondo play.
How's Rondo been this year?
that's the first time i've ever seen rondo celebrate. 
DM;SW
What a pass
::ahem::  I believe you mean he found Rudy *Swan*?
lin was so heartbroken i felt him give up on life lol
that's why you put someone big on the player making the in-bounds pass, particularly when they use a guard to do it - good pass/finish though
Picked him up in like the 9th round of my fantasy draft and WOW
^rudy ... RUDY GAY WHATTA PLAY!
[Mavs fans and all of last season's Rondo doubters when looking at those 20 assists on the stat sheet.](https://i.imgur.com/mvVtpFN.jpg)
Hats off to Rondo and company.  Well played game.
...and they lose the game 

(mostly cause Rondo couldn't make a jumpshot)
When did Rondo become the new circle jerk around here? Anyone says anything remotely critical of him and gets down voted to oblivion, even when it's a valid point.
This doesn't show the terrible defense Rondo and Gay played on Kemba to give up the basket before this. Giveth and taketh.
So many things going good for Mavs fans this year. This is the one that hurts though. 
I don't know how he compares to stocks, but he is one of the few guys in the L now with that kind of Stockton level court vision.
In the last two weeks or so I've notice a substantial increase in GIF quality. Can someone explain? Is the future here?
This is such a strange game to watch, they were either average or below average.
This title would be immensely confusing for someone that doesn't know sports lingo/player names.
Still can't get over the LeBronStache.
oh snap /u/noahsbun doing work for bleacher report now?
OC? Bleacher Report? what?
Can you imagine if he had wrapped part of the sleeve around his forehead? They would have beaten us by 50! 
FTFY:

http://imgur.com/JLfkuem
Once again, sleeves are fucking dumb. This isnt football. They limit motion. 
We've now seen Hulk LeBron and Batman LeBron.
What is it with this fetish Adam Silver et al. has over sleeved jerseys? They are hideous. Players don't like them. I would never buy one or wear one and I can't blame players for not wanting to play with them.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=DRxBoiFdY14
What font is this? Looks nice.
How many minutes played in each scenario, just curious.
Statistically insignificant
/u/noahsbun you should do one including every game in his career he had sleeves vs games without to get a better sample size. 
I actually thought of your stats/pics as soon as he tore his sleeves off, love seeing these
Did.. Did bleacher report do this after the reddit thread? 
I always hated sleeves, they suck for basketball..
Doesn't Curry wear the sleeves on a regular basis as well and still kill it? Seems like James is the only one consistently complaining. 
seent it
I don't even like sleeves on the rare occasion that I'm shooting around a basketball, so I can't imagine one of the best players in the world liking sleeves.
So we now can confirm that the sleeved jerseys are the worst unis that have EVER been put out in basketball.
Sleeves must go. Can't argue with science.
He took his shooting sleeve off too tho...he still has it on in this graphic smh ^^^^/s
I can't believe this is a thing.
I would understand why the players dislike the sleeves so much if they didn't practice in a combination different sleeved shirts.
The hairline is woefully inaccurate. Should be way more weird and fucked up. 

3/10. 
I love the internet.
Ugh...everything Lebron always. 
#GTGTPWTW
For a better sample size we need to look at the previous games that at the same point in each game did the stats get better or worse. I dont know what point he tore them recently, but if he (hypothetically) tore them at half time, maybe he just consistently plays better in the 2nd half and the sleeves made no difference.
From 09 to 15 LeBron raised his game almost as much as his hairline.
These are the stats we deserve.
Haha, I read this as 15-21 from 3.  I was like 'Holy Shit!!"
What a time to be alive
I love this stuff
I cannot golf with a long sleeve shirt on, so I understand the need for the free movement.
Espn [robbing](http://prntscr.com/8ziijs) your statistical analysis.
It seems David Robinson and Danny Glover had a baby.
Is it the off season again 
sleeves dont lie
Filling the Goldsberry-shaped void in my life.
Quality ESPN post right here
He needs to repeat this i guess.
So BR requested this? 
Sleevegate! 
Small sample size
shower thought: if this had happened in the NFL where a player tore NFL equipment it would probably result in a hefty fine, and a stern warning.

In the NBA it will result in no more sleeved jerseys..
Shouldn't the second graphic have 17 total points?
giving him exactly what he wanted with these graphics.
[deleted]
I think this post will get you hired at ESPN.
theydidthemath
Only problem with this graphic is you can't clearly tell LeBron has hair implants. Otherwise pretty darn good. 
Similar plays happen when you play tens of thousands of possessions together.
This is one of the best infographics I've seen LOL
Not to get all stats-geeky here but: are any of those statistically different? 4/11 vs 5/12 ~ the same, 0/3 vs 1/2 ~ the same, 0/2 vs 4/5 might be different but the sample sizes are too small to really tell, no?
I thought he played worse after ripping it
# #ICantSleeve
[deleted]
HULK SMASH
Should also add "minutes bitching at the ref". Pretty sure it took a nose-dive after he took out his aggression on his shirt.
  
E: I guess you're all going to pretend he didn't spend 10 minutes barking at the ref in the first half? Some of his first points were from a fast break because he never got back on defense. You know you can be a fan without being having a player's balls in your mouth. 
Hmmm. I think I understand now. LeBron tore his sleeves. You know what else tears sleeves? That's right. Werewolves. There are three Es in werewolves. Andrew Wiggins plays for the Timberwolves, between "Andrew Wiggins" and "Timberwolves" there are also three Es. You know what what else has three Es? Et cetera. Etc is Latin. Rome spoke Latin. Kobe is from Italy, where Rome is located. 

Love to the Cavs confirmed.
I say its all mental and the sleeves are being as a scape goat for your minimally better performance.
they were quite generous to his hairline

also, who gizzafuck?
Are we really going to blame lebrons shooting woes on the sleeved shirts? LeBron has been an average/below average shooter his whole career.
Still less than Steph Curry.
Imgur top reply

&gt;Nobodyn0se 85 points : 6 replies : 16 minutes ago reply

&gt;Better title: "Why statistics with small numbers are meaningless."

Just fucking stupid.
is this real? i miss baseball and real stats. downvote me, but so far i've only seen ovverreaction to bullshit stats. chill out.
People say nowadays the NBA is too buddy buddy, but honestly I think most NBA players hate seeing when one team or player dominates headlines the way Curry and the Warriors are. They might not try to rough him up like players did in the day, but they're definitely gonna bring their A game every night and try to embarrass them, take them down a few pegs

Love the response by Rose
the real rivalry is riley curry vs pj rose 
This is a great quote by D.Rose.
People joke about him being out tonight being the "curry flu" but you know Rose wants nothing more than to play steph for 30 minutes. Disappointed we won't get that matchup.
Classy answer.
Pushing everyone, except Harden
Get the hint yet Deandre Jordan, work on your complete game not just lobs and dunks.
He's changing the game singlehandedly. It's like what Garnett said, "It's beautiful for the game of basketball"
I wish he was playing rose vs curry would be magical
All you have to do is:
100 push ups
100 sit ups
100 squats
10k km run
EVERYDAY!!!
I love how humble DRose is.  Great player, great teammate, great person.
Sucks that he can't play today to try and battle curry...
Whatever you do, don't read the comments below threshold 
I WANT TO WORK OUT LIKE CURRY DOES
[Relevant Boondocks](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pnHq-xsc9A4&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=1m50s)
If Derrick Rose feels Curry is pushing him and the entire league then the NBA referees should call a foul.
Watching Steph Curry play is like watching a video game.  All I'm missing are the repetitive Marv Albert quotes and the ball glowing bright gold when "HE'S ON FIRE!"
STOP BULLYING US, STEPH CURRY!
Wanted to see them in action. Bummer :(
I've seen a lot of improvements from several of his teammates as well. I think they all push each other, challenge each other, and cause each other to improve. It seems like a great environment to work (and play) in, and a great group of team mates. 
He's doing what Drake did for Rap.. 

Now we await for the Kendrick Lamar
This is probably the most intelligent and thoughtful response Rose has ever given the media. 
Game see game.
Great perspective to have. The Warriors are pushing every team to try to get better. For example, the Rockets wouldn't have fired Coach Mchale had they not felt the pressure to be doing even better. 
ITT: A barrage of poorly worded, ignorant Derrick Rose jokes. 
He's talking about Eddy Curry, right?
D rose for klay is coming
wow reddit is just a curry circlejerk isn't it? as soon as someone says something bad about him the downvotes come in. 
I know he pushes me.  Dude inspires like crazy.
Hahahaha 
This has got to be the most coherent thing that's ever came out of his mouth. 
LOL D Rose fans getting butthurt over their injured idol
There's no denying that Curry's been great for the game.

The constant shots of his daughter on the other hand.....
yeah he's also not injured
You're not in the conversation,  Rose.
Derrick Rose is not even in the comparison. 
That's the least dumb thing I've ever heard D Rose say!
Meanwhile Rose is out this game. Guess he pushed too hard.
No fucking shit Derrick, real deep analysis there
Rose's torn ACL is the best thing that ever happened to Steph Curry. 
Rose has had like 3 above average for an average of game this season.  Settle down right not Jeremy Lin and mo Williams are better than you.
Derrick Rose better be nice, or be might hurt his knees/ankles/hips/toes/hair and have to sit out another season.

Oh wait...
Push harder Rose. On second thought, don't. You'd just injure yourself.
Translations:

"I would love to join Warriors and get championship ring, playing with Curry" ~ Rose
I was hoping this would include the crowd shot with the middle-aged white dude dressed in his best business casual flexing for the camera.
What's the yams?
Miles felt that one in his plums. 
Steal, then dunk. 

That was the first thing Pop programmed into Kawhi. 
I kinda hope kawhi has a heel turn out of nowhere and just starts trashing teams and players. 
Are the spurs looking for any more fans?
Patty Mills looks like a raccoon.
Kawhi's facial hair though

I don't want to jump tony conclusions, but I'm pretty sure Kawhis dick is like... 15 inches long.
That was nasty!
omfg
He's so fucking long. 
Manu's face at the end. LOL
Absolutely no emotion
Yelled "holy shit" so loud that I woke my roommate up
He hit em with the indubitably!!
i think i saw vince carter's spirit
Solid Blake Griffin impression.
Vicious 
Kawhi has been killin it this season
I came
Crazy how he just slings the ball to Danny Green. Big hands might be one of the best physical traits to have for Bball. 
And next week he'll turn all the yams into a delightful casserole for Thanksgiving. 
I love how he just sticks the ball to the floor with his huge claw, so mccollum doesn't have any chance to retain possession or knock it out of bounds.
Kawhi's emotionless face after such a beautiful dunk makes this even better. He's truly a silent assassin.
Any suggestions for removing this throbbing erection i have right now? Shit is getting in the way at this point, i just want it to go away.
Yeesh, that was violent!
Kah-Wow!
Should change his name from Kawhi to KaBoom!
Hands down favorite guy in the NBA, guy can do it all
FINALLY a clip on here that showed the replays. It's so annoying how they cut out before the slow-mo, it's too fast and you can't see any of the juicy details 
Why are we on the wrong side of every gif on here?
Superbly stoic facial expression
No one can say the Spurs are boring to watch!
What's the yam?
Kawhi Leonard is the exact type of player I want MKG to develop into. 
I wish he would be more humble and not get so pumped up after he makes an amazing play like that. Only thing I don't like about Kawhi.. 
That shit was NAAAASTY 
Holy crap
What a sweet potato!
If a loose ball gets anywhere near this guy the other side might as well start running back on defense. 
That dunk followed by no emotion shown.
HOW?
SOMEONE STOP THAT MAN OH MY
Better quality

http://youtu.be/fTPdhDaKaUo
"Kawhi leonard is a system player"

"Kawhi Leonard is top 20 player at best"
Bringing da yams like he coming over for Thanksgiving
What's the yams?
Hey mad
That's a felony
That's a very good use of that word.
He just put it in the mouth piece.

I love the Spurs :B
That was sick, wicked and nasty!
Kawhi is the best yammer in the league hands down

Tfw Pops just march pass the rest of the cheering bench with his head down after that play.
That Patty Mills "claw" sign is what does it for me
Fuck this gay earth
How do you do that and not show emotion? Dude has to have had a lobotomy or something, it's the only way.
Pop will be yelling at him for the one handed pass. 

Yumpin' Yiminy!!
my god kawhi is nice
Hammed the fuck out of that.
well, can the league give him the DPOY as early as now? no one will dispute it.
I love how Kawhi does everything to perfection in that play, a solid steal that just looks so secure followed by a claw bullet pass followed by Kawhi just calculating how high he has to jump to dunk over Plumlee.

I love how neutral he looks after the play, no hype no emotion just Kawhi business as usual. If he keeps this up he may just snag up a future mvp and another DPOTY award and hopefully more.
I love when people's uploads actually show the replay from multiple angles
yams on yams on yams

so is this a typo or yet another example of how un-hip I am?
His dunks look like Pippen's.
Holy shit you guys, this looks a lot like Danny Green's [dunk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iY7LnSzHV58) on *another* dook player, Greg Paulus, back in the day. It's uncanny.

Only this time, Marcus Ginyard is played by Danny Green, and Danny Green is played by Kawhi.
Sweet potato dunk
Come on and slam, and Plumlee just got YAM

...'ed
Kawhi can feel it, down in his plums. Gettin' all swollen, bout ready for the pickin'
Did the Blazers win anyway?
Yams everywhere
Yams and slams for all of us!
OP getting that funny typo karma....I know you did it on purpose.
Nice seeing Spurs fans cheer on some pure athleticism for a change instead of having nightmares of it.
This can't be healthy for the fish right?
But he doesn't have a fucking rear view mirror??
jimmy butler is a really weird dude. 
[John Wall went with an aquarium shaped like dice.](http://www.animalplanet.com/tv-shows/tanked/videos/john-wall-wants-a-vegas-themed-tank/)  Both episodes air Friday night.
Yup. Weird news of the day for me.
Me when I read this: http://m.imgur.com/R3iMkIV
That seems fucked up for the fish.  The guy that installed my take said tapping the tank is bad/annoying for the fish i can't imagine what this damn thing does to them.  
Does nobody read the article? It says right in there that the vibrations are insulated by the tank so the fish won't hear anything
I wonder how he puts water to the aquarium.

I bet he uses...


...buckets.
It's like a Chappelle Show skit.


Oh come on, it really kind of is.
That's a sound investment. 
This kills the fish. 
You guys are crazy.  I like you, but you're crazy.

Buckets just signed a $95 million contract, and people are talking like he's going to eventually be broke because he bought a custom fish tank. When he's supporting 15 friends, buying cars and houses for everyone, spending 3 stacks at the club, etc. then we can worry.  

What's the point of being rich if you can't buy stupid shit like this?  At least he didn't revive the Pimp My Ride crew to put one in his car.
Being a basketball player must be a never ending game of "I never knew this existed, but now I want it" 
Guess we'll be seeing Jimmy on the updated version of broke former athletes documentary 25 years from now.
His fish gonna be dead
bumpin to the top of the aquarium where it will lifelessly float
These episodes are dope. As a Laker fan, I hate Dwight Howard, but his fish tank episode (for his snakes, actually) made me like him a lot as a person. He's too big to be so excited at the Houston Zoo, it was really funny. He's a prankster who loves animals. 
But does he have a room where the walls, ceiling and floor are aquariums, begging the question: who's really in the aquarium? The fish, or us?
Buckets is hilarious
He'll be alright, since he's Lebron James' father: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0spXnX0l638

[A picture for those curious](http://cbssports.com/images/visual/whatshot/jimmybutlertank.jpg)
Is Jimmy Buckets an actual human being? I'm genuinely convinced that he's a cartoon character that somehow plays basketball in the real world.
Bulls fan better hope this kid is in a Kardashian free box. The guy has "reality tv" written all over him. 
PETA's going to get all up in that ass
This will kill your fish jimmy.
Fish Tanks are the new Scarface posters
NBA MTV CRIBS

i would watch the hell out of it
I like Jimmy but he's a weird dude. Lol.
"my fish gonna be bumpin"
When keeping it real goes wrong
From no rearview mirror to vibrating fish...Jimmy Butler everyone!
[He makes those bub-bubs bounce](https://youtu.be/BDr742MGZJ8)
Was this before or after his big contract is what I wanna know. 
Thats pretty sick..lol
TIL Jimmy buckets is Weebo from the wire
First the story about removing his rear-view mirror, and now this.  I'm starting to think Jimmy Butler is an idiot.
Dory was there all along?
Hey I just got a raise so I bought myself a new macbook pro for 2k. I be makin it rain son!
This is why I love Jimmy Butler and the NBA.
that's fucking amazing. jb just took a couple steps up in  my book.

my dream has always been to have a house with a half-court in it where the walls are aquariums.
Like Butler, but honestly that's really stupid, and cruel to the fish. 
He will also be featured on Broke part 2 by ESPN. 
FISH GETTIN TURNT!
The fish tank was probably built by the Animal Planet guys. Hopefully the boombox is safe for the fish or he is going to have some bad news for Animal Planet!
NBA making animal cruelty cool!
Looks tacky as fuck
Krebs pls.
Butler's home is a steal at 4.3 Mil
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P9bk_QLvc_c
Fiscal responsibility in action...or should I say FISHCAL responsibility ;)
It's shit like this how athletes end up broke when they retire. 
What a terrific investment 
*this kills the fish*
Your fish gonna be dyin.
Idk fam, this looks more like a 6,000 pound aquarium that is also a boom box. You ain't foolin' me Jimmy...
Why would the animal planet show this guy torturing fish with Taylor swift songs..
This has probably been brought up before, but has Jimmy Butler and Kid Cudi ever been seen at the same time in the same place?  I'm convinced they are the same person until otherwise proven wrong.  
I have an 8,000 pound pop corn machine that is also a rescue center for dogs.
Someone please post the links after the episodes airs.
Does it play Taylor Swift though?
Welcome to NBA stardom, JB.
It's a damn shame what Animal Planet has been reduced to.
That fish bump doe
Wee-Bey Butler
For those concerned: I don't think it actually plays music if you watch the episode of Fish Tank.
Act least he is spending his money wisely.
Is that some sort of brownstone walk up?

Jimmy needs to watch the "Broke" 30 for 30
Smart purchase
Athletes waste money on so much crap. Fish tanks of all things have become one of those things to waste money on for nba guys. 
I read "Jimmy Buffett" at first and was really confused.
JIMMY G. PAID
/r/nottheonion
oh god... that show is so corny. I'm actually terrified to see how cheesy they make buckets look.
I'm sorry, but that fish tank is super tacky. 
poor fish
looks more like a washer and drier than a boom box
its ugly... I wouldn't want that in my house
What a great investment idea! Phew, I was worried about his long term financial outlook after he retires. But I feel much better now. 
Between this, the rearview mirror, and Taylor Swift JB is a wack ass dude. His fish probably eat just to become big enough to beat his ass
Money. Well. Spent.
Anything the guys from Tanked setup is mostly designed to kill the fish.  They are on the same level as Walmart employees. 
Original name for it was "Fish Torture Chamber"
I love watching that show, they do so much cool shit with fish tanks
Jimmy Butler following the fine NBA player tradition of blowing extravagant amounts of money on stupid shit.
when you got more money, than sense.
To all you ass hats in the thread about to call peta:

&gt;an Animal Planet spokeswoman said the speakers do not touch the aquarium's thick acrylic, which acts as insulation to protect the fish from vibrations
Here come the Animal Rights police🐠🐟🐡🚓🚔
That sounds awesome, I'm looking forward to seeing it
"I fucking hate the homeless." - Jimmy Butler
As someone who knows jimmy personally this makes so much sense
So Jimmy Butler is A: Dumb as rocks B: An asshole
Black people with money is hilarious.
lol jimmy butler might be a good player, but he sounds like he has an iq of 30
Hey I thought you said Jimmy Butler was dead.
this kills the fish
can I have one?
After hearing all the stories about how certain frequencies drive aquatic animals insane, I don't know if this is cool or savage.

Supposedly fish don't have feelings, at least I heard it in a song... :-)
This is actually an old Memphis ABA team called ["The Memphis Sounds"](https://cdn2.vox-cdn.com/thumbor/IsA1dMu9_Ayeo4Ys1ehw7b1uedQ=/cdn0.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/3769986/rsgnmi.0.jpg) for everybody talkin shit
VC looks amazing
shiiiiiit that's dope
They should really be showing off the [back of the jersey.](http://content.sportslogos.net/news/2015/11/Grizzlies-Sounds-uniforms-f.png) Love the cursive font on the player name.
This is some seriously niche shit.  They're [throwbacks to the ABA](https://730foxsports.files.wordpress.com/2010/10/rsgnmi.jpg) memphis sounds!  Gives me an excuse to recommend the [great Loose Balls to](http://www.amazon.com/Loose-Balls-American-Basketball-Association/dp/141654061X) anyone who wants to learn about the wild history of the ABA.
I might be wrong, but I think this alludes to the proud musical background of Memphis. It's a nice touch, and a direction that should've been explored a while ago. I like them. The ABA ball is an added touch.
NBA street 2
These are sick 
I really like these (that curvature) but when I saw the title I was really hoping for Vancouver throwbacks. 
Fun fact: Vince carter is so old he played for the original Memphis ABA team
They. Are. Beautiful. Best looking jerseys in the league
Wow. These are spectacular.

Hope this leads to a name change for them, Grizz just doesn't fit like Jazz doesn't fit Utah.
I like them but I also don't like them. Not sure how I feel yet. Also, Jeff Green's tricep is cut as fuck. 
everytime I see Jeff Green, I can't process why he isn't a good NBA player.

has all the physical tools to be a good stretch 4. disappointing 
cant wait to get the Zbo, TA and VC jerseys.
They nailed it. 
I've got some hardwood for those.
Kinda wish they [were these instead.](http://imgur.com/VCJYwe3) I guess those aren't old enough yet to be considered Hardwood Classics yet.
Honestly those are really cool, but red just feels so weird on Memphis.
pls make us better, jerseys
fresh af
This is what they should have changed their identity too after the move the Memphis Sounds is a whole lot better and more appropriate than Grizzlies.
Shouldn't their throwback jerseys be Vancouver?
yoo we need a VC dunk highlight in these. here's hopin'
Nba has been on top of their jersey game the past few years. 
Holy shit those are glorious
Heart skipped a beat.  Thought it was Vancouver grizzlies
I was expecting the Vancouver jerseys tbh
Pfft, was really hoping it'd be the 90's Grizz jersey. 
Vince Carter still plays?
Reminds me of NBA Street Vol. 2 with that cursive man.
is that VC's original jersey?
Dr. Funk! Dr. Funk! Dr. Funk!
Just change their name to the Sounds and give Vancouver the grizzlies back
fuego 
VC been on that Lowry diet. 
Wow, these look sick. Really dig 'em.
fire! 
[video](http://www.nba.com/grizzlies/video/teams/grizzlies/2015/11/11/1447278039223-151110_Sounds_Jerseys_Tease.mp4-109887) on the Grizzlies website. Can't wait to see them on the court
Very nice. Wouldn't mind seeing a Memphis Sounds comeback.
So dope.
These are gorgeous. Love the throwback to the ABA.
Damn those are nice. Straight up looks like the St Louis Spirits from the 70s
Its hard our here for a pimp!
Damn, those look awesome
Chalmers gonna look good in those!
/#freethetams
Better not play the Celtics or 8% of men will lose their fucking shit
Vince needs to bring [the Roswell Rayguns](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=An24cpRw_64) back together.
I've been begging for the Memphis Sounds jerseys for years! Sweet that they're back
Andre 3000 would probably approve.
absolutely swagalicious
These are sick AF
really digging those jerseys.... if only it came in blue too...
wett
I miss the grizzlies

I miss Vince Carter

This is hard as a Canadian basketball fan
Ha-ha funky. Looks like tropic thunder. Fun stuff.
those are dope as fuck..if the 1970s had a basketball jersey, [those would be it](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vnBexLcMkq4)
Pretty dope!
*Fabolous voice* NICE!
I don't know why NBA teams come out with ugly sleeved jerseys when people are willing to buy the fuck out of classic jerseys. 
Makes me want to order a milkshake and dance the twist. 
Impressive tricep. 
Why not Mike Conley instead of Lee?
Groovy, baby. 
Daamn. I would cap one of these in a heartbeat. 
these are fucking sweet
Memp his
They should wear these for Xmas lol
They win.
The font makes it so sexy. So simple and sexy. 
these are so rad. wow. 

change the text to "Clippers" and these would have been a great new jersey for my boys! but instead we went with something that looks like the logo of a 3rd party video game controller company. dammit to hell. 
That Jackie Moon is a marketing genius.

Let's get tropical!!!
Dope as fuck!
http://www.friendlys.com/_sites/friendlys/includes/img/logo-big.jpg
Love em
I'd get this if it were in blue
i dont even recognize this griz team
Yaaaassssss. 

Also, isn't VC old enough to have worn the original? 
I see Dr. Funk
Damn, those unis look good
legit
I'm really excited about this but not more so than my dad. He is looking forward so hard to this. I got a hat tonight. They remind me a lot of old Showboats stuff that I vaguely remember from growing up. 
uhhhhhhhhh HOLY SHIT YES PLEASE AND THANK YOU
They should've changed the team name when they moved from Vancouver to Memphis. My suggestion: the Memphis Hound Dogs. I can't stand when teams change their geographic region but keep the themed nickname to the prior city. Like the Jazz and Lakers. 
I had no idea Vince Carter still played
Neat.
Nice!
Now they just need VC to re-enact [this whole commercial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=khOP9vvNH8I).
Really weird to see red Grizz jerseys, but they look amazing!
We goin waaaaay back with these!!! Love it!!
Jackie Moon approves.
I'd love to see the Pistons wear the Flint Tropics' jerseys.
Does anyone know the font?
Disco Stu aproves this uniform
Fuck 💦💦💦💦💦💦
where could I get one of these?
Holy damn, those are money.
Merry Christmas! ho ho ho!
That's a pretty snazzy font.
I hope they use that ball too. 
'Meningitis', nice
vc looks sick imagine him levitating above the other dudes someone needs to make this gif
Funny trivia: the Memphis Sounds were owned by a guy with the last name of Sorin. His daughter changed her name to Storm and picked up a job in media. Today, little Hannah works at a cable sports company. 
They look like a barbershop quartet (or triplet in this case) lol
Hey, a reason to watch the Grizzlies! 
i hate that font 
Memghis
Absolute trash. I wish I had more hands so I can give that shit 4 thumbs down
Grizzlies throwback jerseys should have a giant "L" cuz they stay losin'
When is the last time this has happened, Lin? Also it might be because the stock they had. I'd have to imagine a LeBron or Curry jersey would never sell out 
They should just make Porzingis jerseys...no one else.
They should get...*putback*
three six latvia
http://imgur.com/Th4A9a3
I wonder if that crying kid at the draft got one
I didn't think r/nba would have that much disposable income.
Just came back from the bodega and all of the Yoohoo was sold out. Said they would restock tomorrow as well.
I even bought my mom a Porzingis jersey for Christmas
Their eyes were watching Porzingod
All aboard the hype train......next stop Latvia
Back then, they didn't want me. Now I'm hot, they all on me.
They've got a deal going where you can exchange your Lin Knicks jersey for 30% off
Thats cuz they made two of them...
Honestly might buy one
I was thinking about buying one not only cuz he's the shit, but I love getting those eastern European players jerseys because of the colorful last names. Sabonis, Pekovic, Stojakovic, Marciulionis etc.
#PORZINGODDDDDD
https://cdn.streamable.com/video/749d496018f411e58418af48a908340b.mp4 
Looks like the Knicks weren't the dinguses that drafted Porzingis but the geniuses that drafted Porzingis.
Porzingis was my favorite prospect going into the draft, I wish he wasn't on the Knicks. Dammit.

Even though we are in the same division, I guess we aren't really heated rivals, at least in my lifetime. Met in the playoffs in 2011 and 2013 when we were eliminated without Rondo. I respect Carmelo for the mere fact that he complains the least of any star in the league. 

Oh god I think I kind of like the Knicks
[Put me on one of those best of    /r/nba threads](https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/3b4v02/2015_draft_4_pick_kristaps_porzingis_baloncesta/cx5gxxd?context=3)
seeing that NBA.com didn't have any Porzingis jerseys for sale to begin with, I would concur with this tweet. 
Everyone is getting too hype, I'm freaking out. PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF (PORZIN)GOD DON'T FUCKING JINX THE ONLY POSITIVE THING IN MY LIFE RIGHT NOW 
No need for any more Porzingis #6 jerseys as he will be changing his number so the NBA can retire his jersey this weekend
Here from /r/all.

What's the context here?  Who is this guy?
The invasion is real.
NO WORRIES, got a backup plan: tattoo of his jersey on my back. portrait of the Latvian gangbanger on my left deltoid, on the other, a portrait of his mother.
Doesn't matter, I'm just custom making my own jersey that says "The Lativian Gangbanger" on the back. 
I know this has been talked about but do players make any money off jesery sales?
NBA's online store only allows 13 characters on custom jerseys, meaning you can't get number 6, LATIVIAN GANG-BANGER
I live in New York and sincerely believe my low-level rec league has to be responsible for at least 50% of these sales. All the gear guys are going crazy.
Never forget:  http://m.imgur.com/a/D1ocE
All hail The Khan!
PorzinGOLD! ka-ching!
Porchachingas
I was told not to buy one since it could be a great gift at the holidays.
this Zingsanity is fun.


&gt; buying official merchandise and not buying counterfeit
I fully expect a "PORZINGIS JERSEYS ARE BACK IN STOCK" post in a few days.
i bought all the porzingis jerseys. i'm trying to corner the market in porzingises. once people realize there's a porzingis shortage, the prices will skyrocket and that's when i make my move.
so is he the ROTY already? 
Kristaps is love, Kristaps is life
The Porzingod shall turn 5 jerseys into 5,000. Fear not you desperate Knicks fans, keep in faith.
I'm pumped how much love he's getting. Not everyone can handle [all that damn weight](http://www.courtsidescribbles.com/post/133545563265/nba-comics-porzingis-knicks-pressure)
look at you lakers
I honestly think if this guy can put in the hard work he does now and works towards his goal and makes New York a championship contender then he can be a God.
Most people buying these were probably booing the pick on draft night too haha. 
Where are the Porzingod or Godzingis jerseys?
I want a Raptors Porzingis jersey now.  They should make one for every team.  
Baltic Thunder!!!!#
Knicks fans have been sooo thirsty for a basketball team. You see it every time. They resemble a team. And that is awesome.  (LINSanity) This is what guys mean when they talk about mecca of basketball. This kid is talked about non stop. Not just sports talk,  but the news. This guy is killing it after 11 games! He can ball and the fans know it. Dude gets better every single night. That dagger that was called off must have done all types of confidence from the team and of course in himself. He gets better every night out. The faces Melo makes are proof enough everyone on that team knows he can help them win games. It's early but the Knicks outshine everyone in NY right now.


  Mets,  Knicks,  O'Dell  and the best team of them all the Rangers. Can anyone remember a time where NY had this much range across the major sports? 
Hey, anyone else remember when everyone booed the pick on draft night? 
http://www.talkbasket.net/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/porzingis-620x400.jpg
[deleted]
Linsanity all over.
zing god put both hands together that's a put back dunk
The Cartmanland strategy
First Bort license plates and Reillys at the Jerk Store, now this.
This list of nick names you can give this guy is endless
Richzingis 
Would you Porzingis in my cup? *GULP* Umm... yummy Zingis.
And everyone was saying he was a wasted pick in the draft.
Porzingis to play bare chested for rest of season
I need someone to remember this comment when Steve and Skip start talking about the "Cinderella Story" of Porzingis at the end of the year.
Not super surprising, I was at the Knicks vs Pelicans game Sunday and I saw almost as many Porzingis jerseys as Melo jerseys. 
A relevant basketball market in NYC is going to be a scary thing.
Is Phil Jackson back to being a genius?
The praying mantis getting some love....nice!!! 
Goldzinger &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; all other Zing nicknames
Time to aliexpress this shxt
PorzingSanity!
Can't believe they sold all 6 of them already. Jk hes good.
Here's what most of you thought of the pick at the time, you reactionist fucks.

https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/3b4v02/2015_draft_4_pick_kristaps_porzingis_baloncesta/
As a Lakers fan I am getting madder by the day that we picked D'Angelo "Bench Warmer" Harrison. Zingus and Okafor are playing so much better!



For some reason I really liked Porzingis from the videos I watched of him. I thought he was going to transition well, especially from the interviews he gave. He really sounded like a guy that loves basketball and a gym rat. I am really glad he is doing so well, but I really wish he had on a Lakers uniform.
Remember when new York fans booed the pick?
And with the 4th pick in the 2015 draft, the Knicks select kristaps Porzingis.  BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!

Remember that?
I already got mine before the season started :). Give me all your cookies and blowjobs.
Boo that muthafuckers
Good thing I copped that Chinese edition off AliExpress before the season started
"If he gets paid a lot of money...it won't sit well around here." -Melo
It's interesting... New York fans boo the selection and it seems like everyone is disappointed. 10 games into the season, he's the darling of the NY media and everyone seems to love him.
What I love most about this is a bunch of knicks fans hated that the team picked him and now they love him. 
Is this guy even going to be that good? Or is this just typical for New York getting a player that is serviceable?
Last season the Gobert jersey was sold out the second anyone wanted to buy it. He was such a big surprise that absolutely no one saw it coming.
They sold all 150 jerseys. Wow!!!!!
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
That finger shake in the end makes it
https://twitter.com/boogiecousins/status/664696197383229440
me irl
Actually smooth as fuck

Source: would've handled that way worse
Kosta "Tom Brady" Koufas 
http://gfycat.com/GloriousAmazingBovine
I actually went to school with him! SUPER nice guy. He watched me play guitar hero once! So I mean, he went to nba, I won a guitar hero tournament once, we did what needed done.

And here I am.
[still the best hanging of all time](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1nZT3vyiHSs)
Underrated title. Well done op 
Kosta is one of those ex-Jazz players that I love to see pop up.  [Dude has a great personality.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iiHWMWbZCB4)
Kosta Koolfas
the real greek freak
Koufos
stay positive kids. 
Kosta can't even grab a high five. He's gone at the trade deadline. /s
haha thats adorable
Is he straight up referencing [this?](http://gifrific.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/Tina-Fey-giving-herself-high-five.gif) I mean, the point at the end...
It's hard to see those white guys out of the corner of your eye sometimes.
I work at a restaurant in his hometown and every once in a while he'll come in and I make him the most bomb ass Grecian salad. I feel like a personal chef for 10 minutes. What's #15's deal?
[complete opposite of this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EpPudPqdvY0)
[reminded me of this](http://ak-hdl.buzzfed.com/static/2015-01/28/15/enhanced/webdr10/anigif_enhanced-buzz-25435-1422477206-5.gif)
His reaction is priceless
I'd give you a high five Koufas :( 
Lostas Foukas.
So fucking smooth
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
burst out laughing watching this live
/r/LeftHanging
"Paper beats rock everyt - yeah nevermind, scissors"
"still counts"
Turmoil in Sactown!!!!!!!
hisssssssssssss
[Obligatory "good thing it wasn't Russell" reference](http://gfycat.com/PortlyMilkyBluebird)
"Alright I'll send you an email"
[Reminds me of this](https://youtu.be/Zc11PUnFgkQ)
Kouf the Goof!
not a stickman
This happens at least once every time I play ball at the rec 
Lol, just lol.
god damn that was awesome
Sold him a pair of shorts once 
This reminds me of high school ;(
yey good job me
He self high fived himself. Who does he think he is? DDP?
High five?

My five.
Kosta come back 
This should have been george Karl's reaction when dmc chewed him out in front of everyone.
How can someone not be rooting for this Kings team? Sucks that they're  2-7. I'm holding out hope that one day sooner than later it just clicks and they go on a double-digit win streak.
Cousins is a baby-back bitch. A talented baby-back-no-salad-eating-not-knowing-what-a-hyphenated-modifier-clown-look-a-like-mother-fucker.  
Obviously, it sucks to be a Kings fan these days. But, in a way, it might be the most fun in the league. 

Weeks go by while I'm following my team and the only stories are. Raps win, good job! Raps lose, awww. But the Kings fans have something going on everyday. Did my GM really say that? Is my best player going to Sprewell my coach? Did we lose the Maloofs and somehow still end up with the worst owner in the league? Is anybody going to slap hands with Kosta Kufos? 

I'm pulling for you Kings fans. 
I would hate to be teammates with boogie he seems like a huge asshole
DMC is a royal asshole 
Doofus.
yeah dmc never high fives white players. He seems a bit racist but idk that's his prerogative 
Lmao if he took this picture with Dame that would've been perfect 
I can't stop laughing at that smile.
i just punched my screen
His face has the perfect expression. "I'm smiling because I'm a cool guy but if you look at my eyes you'll see I'm dying inside" 
one of the best clutch moments i've ever witnessed
[mfw](http://m.imgur.com/DjQoIjX)
I can't hate parsons. The dude has such good sportsmanship
Come on man. I've been punched in the dick enough this season
He was almost the hero, too. Got the lead for Houston right before on a crazy broken play.
That game was nuts.
Goddamn. Can I not escape this fucking moment for 10 straight days, please? 
[Credit: Rip City on Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/NewRipCityBlazers/photos/a.440683292617904.104833.198309363521966/1099774470042113/?type=3&amp;theater)
http://i.imgur.com/YQzJqh8.jpg
I love everything about this. Everything.
Gotta be Wes taking the photo.
He looks like he's reliving traumatic memories visiting the memorial
chandler parsons looked better when he had hair
Good sport
lilard time'd
One of the best moments of my life
In my head it was Wes Mathews that tricked him into walking down the tunnel and made him stand there and take the picture. I love you Wes. 
All I could remember was that it was on harden.  He told parsons to switch just before this play. Man oh man. I'm having nightmares. 
Might not be relevant but the Brandon Roy shot with .8 left on the clock broke my heart more than this one here. Same spot too. 

Blazers :(
0.9 sec.
Yeah I remember it too Chandler because YOU WERE LATE ON THE SWITCH AND YOU WERE LEFT TRAILING ON ONE OF THE MOST DEMORALIZING SHOTS OF MY ENTIRE LIFE. I HATE YOU, YOU WANNABE-MODEL, MARK CUBAN FANBOY, FORMER DEANDRE JORDAN HOMIE, DOUCHEBAG, NO-D CHANLER PARSONS DICKWAD...okay I'm good, I'm good.
The Feels. It made him leave and start anew with Dallas.
I still blame Harden for telling him to switch on Lillard last second. 

https://youtu.be/muFKw5qXJQw?t=54
Kodak moment
Everything. one of the whistle.
Might not be relevant but the Brandon Roy shot with .8 left on the TV and then you'll see it.
"I may look happy, but i'm actually not"
Haha, he's a good sport about it, though!
"Rose Garden"
That double OT vs the spurs where Dame made was nuts. that whole situation up.
It's beautiful!
I screamed "Noooo" so loud and hard that my fraternity party stopped and everyone left home. 
This dude got so paid and hasn't done shit lol
I'm surprised he doesn't have a thousand yard stare
Dirk did the same at the Warriors stadium.
His fault too.
That switch that James Harden called fucked him forever
http://i.imgur.com/WWGBPel.jpg
Fucking Hedo Turkoglu.
Here's [the full story.](http://es.pn/1NozXwb)

Bron: "I didn't hold up my end of the bargain in 2009 for the fans, for us, to meet in the Finals. ... I know the world wanted to see it. I wanted it, we wanted it. He held up his end and I didn't hold up my end, and I hate that. I hate that that didn't happen."

"I mean, in high school I wore a nappy-ass Afro because of Kobe Bryant. Because he wore it. I wanted to be just like him, man. And I always said my inspiration came from [Michael] Jordan, but I always thought Jordan was so out of this world that I could never get there. Kobe was someone that I just always kind of wanted to be like and play like."



It would've been amazing to see a Kobe/Lebron finals matchup.. I can only imagine.
I will fight everyone in this thread.  Bring it.
Get the false modesty outta here! LeBron averaged, what, 38-8-8 in the ECF? The rest of the Cavs shat the bed, and it didn't help that Hedo Turkoglu and Rashard Lewis caught fire from 3 that series and hadn't yet been busted for using PED's.
Everything this thread comes up its a race to see who can say Fuck Hedo Turkoglu.
[This commercial](https://youtu.be/aX_V7a_tqpo) always gets me.
I mean, if the NBA were ever to fix games to ensure a team made the finals, it should've been LeBron and Kobe in 09. Not the fucking 02 Lakers/Nets that nobody gives a shit about.
2009 was the best chance for a Lebron/Kobe finals. But you could say Lebron didn't hold up his end in 2008 or 2010 either. And Kobe didn't hold up his end in 2011 or 2012. So many chances but the stars never aligned.   

Edit: We don't talk about 2013. 
I was so pumped for these Finals. And then the fucking Magic were ruining it for everybody (well....besides their fans).

AMIRITE NIKE?
ITT:  People discrediting Orlando's 2009 finals run or viewing it as a fluke.  Fact of the matter is SVG is a genius and was dead on in valuing three pointers.  That entire year, Orlando was discounted as a contender because they were a 4-out team with a stretch 4 around one big.  Lots of experts said they wouldn't win because jump shooting goes cold in the playoffs.  Except it was not a fluke that they shot high percentages, it was the damn system.  Now it's the damn model that teams go with most often.  It's a damn shame that Courtney Lee missed that layup in Game 2.
;)
Didn't see a lot of Magic-hate for a while :D   
Good to come back to these days
Dwight was too much to handle 
Was that the year they had the muppet advertisement campaign going?
Can't blame the Magic for the Cavs having no one to support LeBron.
Dwight was the problem. Stopped levron in 2009. Stopped Kobe in 2014
2009 Kobe could beat anybody
LeBron James and Mo Williams can kiss my Magic ass
Yea, fuck those pesky 2008 &amp; 2010 Boston Celtics and the 2009 Magic for beating the Cavaliers...the Cavaliers had three straight years to have a Kobe vs LeBron finals. Let's not act like it's the Magic's fault.
Lakers win 4 - 2
What could've been 😥
awww you guys are so sweet!
Yeah cause, you know, it's not like the Magic deserve credit for simply outplaying Cleveland that year...
should juiced up more to compete with the juiced up magic. 
Cavs vs Magic Game 6 2009 NBA Playoffs - 5/30/09 - Jalen Rose Analyzes on ESPN https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kTNpGKsreHE
**How is it I'm the only one pointing out it was Mike Brown's fault!!!???**
Lebron did wait for him there for 5 straight years
Well to be honest, Kobe and the Lakers should've met up with LeBron in the 2013 Finals, but that team was a huge disappointment.
At least we got KD v. LeBron in the Finals... even if KD was just entering his prime.
FUCK THE MAGIC
Would have made no difference.  Different opponent, same result for Kobe and co.  

Lakers had already beat the Cavs twice that season including ending their 23 games home win streak.

With Ariza, Kobe and Lamar all capable of defending the queen efficiently, Lebron shot a horrid 36% in the first game and and even worse 25% in the second meeting.

Cavs also have no answer for Lamar Odom, who seem to play his best against the Cavs.

The real shame was not Lebron not making it that year, it's the Celtics.  Those three years should have been a gold and green battle only.  It was a big let down for us Lakers fans to see anyone but Boston came through.  We wanted revenge.  Although we got it the next year, but one year removed doesn't taste as sweet.


All this manufactured hype surrounding the mythical  Kobe/LeBron Finals, and yet quietly swept under the rug, is the fact that one Paul Pierce went through LeBron multiple times, on the way to two epic showdowns with Kobe in the Finals.

Pierce is the most heinously underrated and ignored superstar of the era. 
Same with kobe in 2012 right?
Man... We really missed out on that one. Looking back, one finals between those two would've been all I wanted 
Was that the year of the puppet commercials?

Edit: NM, scrolled all the way at the bottom and saw that /u/tsn101 asked the same question
I say it all the time, but it's really a damn shame we never got to see a Kobe v. Lebron finals matchup 
Man, all of these Kobe retirement related threads make me so sad, and nostalgic. 
It actually should have been in 2011. Lebrons first year with the heat, and Kobe coming off a 2 peat ready for a third. Then came Dirk and the Mavs swept them, and beat the Heat getting revenge from 06. Ah, what a great year. 
Who's to say LeBron can't hold up his end of the Finals bargain this year against Kobe?!?!?!
Orlando was the year the Cavs were crazy active in trying to build a team effort.
Only LeBron could make Kobe's retirement news about LeBron himself.
Yeah, he was too busy posting a mere 18 BPM and playing the best basketball mankind has ever seen.  Totally his fault.
24 dolla chinese food!
Because of the vitamin water commercials was so involved with that year's playoffs, they had to switch up their ["Kobe vs LeBron"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v9ilXA1bHg8) campaign to ["Dwight Howard's"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=izyOKeySyXg)
Damn, at that time that would have been fans and the NBA wettest wildest dream. 
:(
I respect LeBron taking ownership for this match up not happening, but it should have happened on multiple occasions. I think the best shot at it was 2011 when the Lakers were looking to for their 3rd in a row and LeBron went to miami. The Mavs sort of ruined the NBA's wet dream of Kobe vs LeBron in the Finals.
Man made me realize how long ago the Lebron and Kobe nike puppets were. Good times lol
Lebron, you've done well enough!
That was the last Finals I didn't watch.
**I REMEMBER 2010**
Nobody told the Lakers to get swept in 2011
19 years in the NBA
A CRAZY fact: since 2007, LeBron or Kobe played in the every NBA Finals, but never against each other!!!
I would have love to see that. ;(
[Ahhhh...good to be back reading these comments.](http://i.imgur.com/kM4WCR0.gifv)
Of course Lebron finds a way to  make it about lebron
Blame Dwight Howard. He killed the cavs

Nobody told the Kobe to get swept by the Mavs in 2011
That would've been such a good series. 

Instead we get a can of whoop-ass opened by the Lakers and the Magic are out of there in barely 5 games. :(
Troll post: LeBron is an arrogant player and will never touch Kobe's greatness in terms of mentality.  Kobe would've torched LeBron and ruined his mind if they ever played in the finals.
blah blah me me me me me blah
And it felt soooooo good.

Cavs had no business being in the Finals that year.
"let's make this about me"
And trust me we greatly, greatly appreciate that. 
I might be in the minority, and also biased because I'm a Nuggets fan but I think Melo vs LeBron would've been awesome too that year. We were so close, fucking Trevor Ariza :(
Why doesn't Pop just run for mayor of San Antonio.
I'm in favor. Shit, I want my kids to go to Popovich High School.
Gregg Popovich High.

That better be high quality basketball school then.
Lee's not the worst historical figure to name something after, but I'd be all for renaming it for Pop.

Edit: should amend this to say not the worst among controversial historical figures/people who probably shouldn't get recognized in that way. Wasn't clear before.
As long as there's a Pop statue involved, I'm in lol
Man, don't name stuff after living people.

I'm just saying, generally.  We all know Pop isn't really a person; he's too good at coaching to be a mere mortal.
My high school alma mater... This would be pretty cool.  
A C- gets you a one week suspension, a D gets you a two week suspension, and an F gets you expelled
Only if former players come back and teach.

Rasho Nesterovic will be the 9th Grade English teacher.

Stephen Jackson will teach AP Physics.

And so on.
Pop does have a higher winning percentage. 
George Washington owned slaves, change the million schools named after him? 

^^ actually screw this argument, all aboard the Pop High School train
Lee was actually a pretty badass dude. Kinda sad his name is "bad" now, because of that whole civil war thing...
As a general rule, I don't support naming things after people who are still alive, because there's always the danger the person does something regrettable later in life. I could see making an exception in this particular case, though. 
This reminds me of Tom Landry middle school in King of the Hill. Is there a real Hank Hill out there with a poster of Pop on his garage wall? Would Hank Hill like the Spurs or Mavericks? 
Pop for president !
Fuck it pop for president now 
Robert E Lee waited until the last second to free his slaves and let his army kidnap free black people to bring back as slaves, but he was actually super cool because he totally didn't like slavery. Thanks for clearing that up, r/nba.
High School history classes have failed a lot of you. 
*prays a sideline reporter asks him about it the next time he's interviewed between quarters*
The Spurs will rise again
We have Alonzo &amp; Tracy Mourning High School in Miami which is pretty cool.
More of this please. #SportsUnites
Tom Landry Middle School
Do it.
I think it's a good idea. At least Popovich is a winner.
Lee had many good qualities but ultimately he helped try to split up the USA and led an army, that was at least partially to maintain an institution that brutalized an entire race, into a war that cost over 600, 000 Americans there lives.  And he lost, thankfully.  He is a man to be studied, begrudgingly respected for some of his qualities but not honored.  
ITT: People with no general knowledge of the Civil War, Robert E. Lee, or what we actually stood/fought for.
I love San Antonio's passion for the Spurs
Pop isn't a traitor, so good idea
One's an American traitor who fought for slavery, one's a proud vet who helped internationalize and beautify an American game. I'm for the change.
Why the hell is a high school named after Robert E Lee...

I don't get why people name things after America's enemy. The confederacy fought a war against the US. I'll never understand people in the south that still run around with confederate flags. 
What are these touch fouls?
Would they be the San Antonio Pops with a big piece of popcorn as their mascot?
The school should be renamed "Two Questions Per Day".
Where do I sign?
Where do I sign?
I mean, is there anyone in San Antonio who *wouldn't* want this? Seriously, would even 10% of the population oppose a name change like this?
There is a school in I think satsuma,  Alabama called Robert e Lee elementary.
Would they turn it into a military academy?
They should wait until his retirement to change it. So in like 25-30 years.
Or they can name the next school built after him
Please don't sign it, Lee has been one of the worst sport schools in the area 
I'm moving to San Antonio if this happens. 
We should discuss war tactics more often
I would name my son Gregg Popovich.
Aww shit yeah. 
[Here's the link to the petition.](http://www.ipetitions.com/petition/if-youre-going-to-change-the-name-of-lee-high/?utm_medium=social&amp;utm_source=facebook&amp;utm_campaign=button)
Frankly, I don't care what they change that to *as long as they change it.* The fact that the CSA aren't anywhere near as reviled as Nazi Germany is a travesty.
I like the idea, but not to change it because of people being politically correct pussies.
A racist traitor or Popovich...hmm, decisions decisions.
[deleted]
Matt Bonner for janitor!
POP POP!
James Woods High School, literally.
That's retarded. 
Geez. Could they not choose another school? 
This is my favorite running joke in the NBA
Suspended 4 games for inter-species violence.
When the Knicks come to Portland and Robin has to face the Blazer mascot, that meeting should be broadcast on national TV.
They should have included Brook for that extra burn 
NO REGARD FOR PREHISTORIC LIFE
I'm just laughing about how someone's professional job was to create that favorite 'Lopez' sign lol
He actually did it, the absolute madman
[Wojnarowski] The Knicks are suspending Robin Lopez for two games citing "detrimental conduct" to another team's mascot.
Yay!!!! I love that RoLo's still doing this.
BOOOO... STOP FLOPPING!!!
Such a flop. He stood there for a full minute before going down.
I love the Lopez vs Mascot beef so fucking much
I'd get violent too if I was ranked under George Lopez
We don't need Space Jam 2, we need "RoLo vs the Mascots"
[Oh Robin, how I miss you](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X2WH8mHJnhM)
Shoulda had brook on it 
Damn the raptor sold that shit like Brock Lesnar 
While his on-going war is hilarious, nothing will ever top [the Brooklyn Nets jumping the Piston's mascot.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vdh3tn74fzo)
Kyle Lowry be like, hold on let me stretch doe
Whats #RTZ stand for
I will always love RoLo for this.
nancy lopez? it's cool to know that the Raptor is into the LPGA
This is a joke right? I'm high and not sure... 
With no regard for Raptor life. 
Brook* on that poster would've killed it

Should have had Brook up there. 
These mascots should start pressing charges for assault.
I'd like to see him doing something to Half Bear. No seriously I would like him to permanently retire half bear.
I would love to see what the Jazz Bear would do... He's not right in the head....
[Here's the Knicks video](https://streamable.com/88on) taken from their [twitter](https://twitter.com/nyknicks/status/664250270868615168)
Probably didn't get into the overwatch beta
Why did the Raptor mascot get rid of his inflatable suit?
The raptors mascot is a true professional. Seriously always makes me laugh.
It would've been so funny if Brook Lopez was on there.
What was going through his mind: little blood repping ass, Barney looking ass reptilian bitch. 
he looks like sideshow bob so much
That mascot looks like Barney on meth
When's he gonna mess up Spike Lee since he's our mascot? 
Who the hell is Nancy Lopez lmao.
Absolute gold.
LOL! this slayed me.
MAJ Feud of the Cench 
I like this amateur pro-wrestling video.
I fucking miss that goofball.
Mascot plays it perfectly.
I love that the NBA allows this to happen. A subtle reminder that at the end of the day, its still a game. Have fun. The NFL should take notes.
classy fellow
If I was the mascot I'd flip the tail around 
He doesn't tip either.
RoLo is such a weird guy but he is so hilarious. Love this bit and how both sides put on this show for the fans.
I just miss him even more after watching this. Maybe he'll return with his comic books one day
He is gonna fuck up blaze's shit so badly,  I can't wait 
They even spelled favorite in Canadian.
I wish we had resigned Lopez. He fit in great here, was a solid player and could make a fucking free throw. 
LE SALTY FAM BRUHH

EDIT: y u salty nerdz downvoting me xD
So will these gsw wins count for nothing when they're voting/evaluating COTY?
Kerr is so chill. I remember when the Warriors were down in the series against (I forgot who), someone asked him, "what are you going to do now that you're down in the series", and Kerr responded, "panic, we're going to just quit and pack our bags and go home ". Probably the funniest thing I've ever heard a coach say. 
Kerr might be the best coach I've ever seen in terms of always saying the right thing. Media training really shows and he's just a good dude in general
He's never heard Byron Scott talk about basketball
The day Steve Kerr says something wrong will be the day... Something crazy happens, I suppose. I'm not clever. Use your imaginations! 
"the dumbest thing I've ever heard" and dude shared a locker room with Dennis Rodman for years.
Just saw a report that the NBA is considering giving Luke the credit:
http://www.cbssports.com/nba/eye-on-basketball/25391708/report-nba-reconsidering-giving-steve-kerr-credit-for-luke-waltons-wins
Of course he can't be credited with a W-L record... It's just a W record. 
Steve Kerr is a smart man. Seriously, the fact that Walton isn't getting the credit is insane.
I guess he didn't hear what Jerry West said


I keed, I keed 
The Pep Guardiola of NBA
I think the legend Don Nelson would no longer be the All-Time wins leader if they credited Avery Johnson with the wins he filled in for on the Mavs 
Reminds me of [this gem](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WHCWsPqD5Eo) from when he was coaching the All Star game 
I swear I almost never have a problem with anything that comes out of Kerr's mouth, the guy is a class act
I did some research and apparently in baseball, "interim" managers are credited with wins while "acting" managers are not. The NBA probably just needs to develop this distinction. There's no need to make it retroactive either, just starting with this season any "interim" head coach gets credit for wins under their watch and "acting" head coaches are not. 

Someone just needs to call MLB and ask them. Apparently the NFL does the same thing crediting "interim" head coaches (usually after someone has been fired) with wins to their record. 
What if the first game Warriors lose is Steve Kerrs first day back as HC? Would be funny.
Which is why Byron is so terrible. I think he honestly thinks he can win games. I can't figure it out. 
Everyone except Luke Walton cares about this too much.  Listen to the man himself.  None of this matters.
Must not watch the Republican debates.
Why is Walton coaching the warriors anyway?
Kerr made the choice to promote Luke Walton to head coach didn't he?
So Kobe is pathetic.
And Kerr heard when Barkley picked AI as his first pick.
He said this a while ago, and I feel like the article was posted a few times.  Gotta get that karma doe.
Yeah even after he was credited with a lot easier to say the right thing when you're not a jackass.
Damn Kerr, what a stand up guy. Respect.
Preach

Preach !
Thank you! Kerr is a smart man.
As with any PBT "scoop", this is a reblog of someone else's reporting. This time, the guy that deserves credit is Ethan Sherwood Strauss. Kurt Helin, and the other bozos at PBT, especially Dan "Line Graph" Feldman, are hacks.
I think you just mean Win record. We are talking bout golden state right? 
Kerr's saying what he's supposed to say.

But Walton not getting the wins isn't that big of an injustice. No team is ever going to look at his body of work and then say "Nah, he doesn't have any official wins" when looking for a coach.

Honestly, this whole situation is already a huge boon to his career. He wouldn't have gotten as much recognition if he had just been an assistant coach this year if Kerr were around.
Can someone ELI5 what is going on in this whole situation? Is Kerr no longer the coach?
It arrives at the helm earlier.
Even though I think he's secretly texting his dad during timeouts, Master Luke deserves to be credited.
Shouldn't these all be credited to Mark Jackson?
Now there's the question, could they win with anyone as coach?  I say no since the big difference between Jackson and Kerr when Kerr got in.  
Kerr. Such a hot little slut. He's so hot right now. 

P.S., Steve, that's only 'cuz you never heard Byron talk during a timeout. 
So, it's really the Lakers who you have to thank for the Warriors's record? And Kobe? So Kobe is secretly winning?
Really, it doesn't matter. He's getting that respect and will be a head coach some day. Maybe soon.

I will the defend the rule though. Usually, the head coach isn't out so long. The HC might have to miss a game or two, but it's still their team. They've formed the plays and decided on the lineups and minutes. The substitute is basically a stand in.

If Coach Pop had to set out 1 or 2 games, who do you think deserves those wins more? I'd say Pop easily. It's his team.

However, I could support a new rule that changes the record to the substitute after 10 games or so...
stop it kerr you hot little slut
This could be avoided if GSW stops reporting Steve Kerr as their head coach. The head coach gets the wins. So, name Luke Walton as the interim head coach - especially since they knew it wasn't going to be 1 or 2 games. The rule was meant for minor lapses, not being months out.
To be fair even if it doesn't show up on his "official" record, people around the league will know what he has been able to do without Kerr. 
I always thought this was kinda funny, Warriors are on the come up, MJax is coach, he sucks even though they have great seasons, then Kerr takes over, Kerr GOAT. Now a year later, Luke Walton has them at 16-0, but it's still all due to Kerr, while no one was giving MJax any credit for Kerr's first year.
For what it's worth, I could of been coaching the Dubs for the past month and they would still be 16-0
Reminds me of the old fifa games where you would just send like everybody to slide tackle
We've been up in the fourth in the past five games :( 

I really think we're going to get that first win soon, lord knows the players and Brett Brown need it 
Goddamn, somebody hire the whole damn team to give a pep talk to the Rockets. 

*That's* hustle.
When 75% of that roster is fighting to be anywhere in the NBA, of course they will hustle.
This is why some people insist the college players have more hustle. I think its really just sloppier play that makes it look like they're more scrappy.
So happy to see TJ getting a chance! One of the scrappiest defenders at PG and an excellent distributor. 
A lot of hustle on that team, but not a lot of control.  Covington has averaged 7 steals in the past 3 games, but also had 8 turnovers against Memphis last night.
I am such a fucking huge fan of the Sixers after watching them (for the second or third time this year) against the Grizzlies yesterday (or maybe two days ago). Not sure if I like the franchise overall, but I love the hustle and the obvious passion that a lot of the players play with. Maybe it's not every game and maybe it's the streak busting their ass, but I'm cheering for all of them to make it in a league that's constantly just trashing on them.
I though for sure this was going to be one of those sarcastic titles
108%
I believe they still only got two points from that.
See, I don't care too much if my team doesn't win very much. I just want my players to hustle to their best every game. THATS entertainment.
I have a hard time believing the Sixers haven't won yet. They played good enough to beat us twice. I was impressed by the talent they have on their starting five. 
Brett Brown be like... http://imgur.com/VHYAVbh


&gt; Say what you will about the Sixers

I've been saying that they are fun to watch for the past 2 seasons and I will continue saying that. 
This is why the future is bright in Philly. I just hope they never fire their coach.
I was really hoping he'd miss that dunk.
Anyone know that gif with like six little kids all in a tent and on the way out every single one of them trips and falls down? It's fucking adorable as shit and that's what this video reminds me of.
This is a good example of how these players buy into the system and the coach and not many turmoil or frustration stories come from this franchise. As bad as this team may be, I believe that Brett Brown is a fantastic coach and keeping his team fighting and developing as well as keeping up chemistry. Philly ball has been depressing due to talent, but they sure are scrappy, I think that'll pay off big with their young players with a very hard working culture. 
Yes we know they do. 
This is the kind of play that wins me over with respect for the sixers. Hell they almost topped the Celtics, we barely got past em. But for a team that hasn't won a single game this season, and for the players to show that kind of intense effort, makes me have a lot of respect for them and how they're being taught to play the game and that is with intensity and hustle 
Last night when I saw this, I was just so mad a Jeff Green. He picks up the ball has control of it and then throws it literally at the person diving in front of him. Idk Green just makes me really angry at times even when he is leading our team in scoring. 
Mop kid about to have to put in the real hustle.
The right opposite of Houston Rockets.
Kudos to Brett Brown. Team could be playing listless basketball. Instead, they're just terribly skilled in comparison to opposition teams but still they try. 
Hey somebody found something nice to say about the Sixers! Finally.
Jakarr gets the block and the steal, McConnell, Covington, and Canaan all go to the floor trying to get the ball, Okafor is out of the play on defense and then allows the Grizz to briefly recover the ball because he doesn't go to ground.

Sounds about right.
of course there are going to be a bunch of funny comments, but this is great to see. at the end of the day, these guys are getting paid (very well) to play a sport they already probably love. Despite their record, its great to see that they are still playing for the name on the back on the jersey and for pride.
Its almost as if they try to win 
108 MPH hustle from Okafor right there :D
Yeah well, I generally say that people shouldn't get riled up over what the average NBA subredditor says. There's always going to be that one team that everyone is going to bash on. So now that the LOLKNICKS circlejerk has died down, everyone needs another team to pick on without getting stood up to, in which it is now the Sixers.
Give the 76ers a few years and I think they'll be good, a majority of the team is just pretty young right now and could use more experience 
Am I not entertained? 
Phew for a minute there I thought he might miss the layup/dunk.
Man... we didn't take care if the ball for shit last night. Only 3 guys even hustled.
The anti-Harem
They might be a bad team, but they fight and I like that , just need some vets and time we shall be good again *pray to the gods* we need at least 1 decent Fucking team in Philly 
The way these Sixers highlights have been, I fully expected him to miss that dunk. 
expected them to miss the dunk 
as a life long sixers fan,   I like to see this, but its still tough to be excited.  The only thing we look forward to these days are draft days.  Maybe in 5 years we will be able to contend.  
Love this team - wish them the best
🐐 would've gotten that ball for Memphis if he was on the court
This is a good team long term.
Just win already, dam it!!

Is that Tony Wroten with the dunk? Man I love that dude
damn the grizzlies didn't hit the ground one time
Ya we're gonna lose tmr.
That's good shit. I always root for the Sixers: they're the new Clippers! Seems like coach has had them playing hard throughout these tanking years; I hope all that work pays off one day.
It would of been funny if he missed the shot lol
They're going to be a good team in a couple years. 
They probably watched Creed.
they're a really good defensive team! 

it's just that at crunch time, they make bad decisions especially on offense. They don't slow the pace down and just shoot it given the chance. I could rant about the sixers rebuilding process and the lack of veterans on the squad but this comment is for just commending their D.
this is what desperation looks like, huh.
Everyone hustling to get the ball but okafor... Is this a trend?
That was my impression when I saw them live.  Very passionate core, but cannot execute as a team down the stretch.  It's just disheartening to watch.
A /nba thread where I can talk about the sixers?! [That's a bingo!] (https://media3.giphy.com/media/W5dBnWmcGDABi/200w.gif) 
People can talk shit about Okafor but dudes giving it his all, he's going 108 miles per hour out there.
Was half expecting a missed dunk at the end. 
No one has ever questioned their efforts
What you will about the Sixers, but these kids hustle. 

YEAH WHEN THEY'RE NOT BEING LOSER THUGS. Just doing my best typical recent Philadelphia sports fan impression. 
It would have been so much more poetic if after all of that, he clanked the dunk
Of course they hustle, most of them are d-league caliber players who are thrilled to just be there. 
Would've been so fitting if after the 1st 2 amazing efforts we lost it because jah slowly bends to try and get it instead of diving 
Lol.. they are just walking.. and their like oh I have a chance to get the ball. I mean it doesn't seem like that big a deal 
saw plenty of times where they just gave up
Still lose 
Kind of.  It's like 1 kid hustles at a time.
It's sad we refer to them as kids
Nah, they just tryna get themselves injured 
Plays like these are the ones that make me mad at their front office. These guys are DYING to win games but their FO refuses to put them in a place where they can. 
It'd be the most Sixers thing ever if he missed the dunk.
the sixers are the worst pro sports team in the history of any sport or team ever and watching a Philly franchise suffer may possibly bring me more joy than my own team winning.  hey, he said say what I will..
OP is absolutely right, just look at the way Okafor drives.
Wow grats to these big boys for hustling. It's not like they're getting paid millions year to do that. If I were a professional basketball player, chances are I'd fucking hustle too.
So do diswashers.
I like how it turns out well for the Sixers but theyre so untalented that it still looks like a fails clip
I sort of expected them to not come up with the ball
Traveling foul, he took like 25 steps holding that ball
They don't deserve what Hinkie is doing to them. Hope they get to bolt for actual NBA teams trying to win soon.
Little did Kelly know, with that tap, Dirk just sapped all his youth.
Dirk seems like a pretty cool dude.

[Just two bros kickin' it](https://theoffdutymime.files.wordpress.com/2012/05/nash_nowitzki_drunk.jpg)
https://i.imgur.com/pFtHdof.jpg
Lol I mean he did get a lot of separation there
HE GAVE HIM A NOWITZKI!
That was pretty close too. No shame in that.
A little joshing between two future HOF'ers
[I though this was a Nowitzki?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VbB0ILfxMNE)
Much safer than Dirk giving Kelly "an Olynyk"
man, dirk is so chill
From one #41 stretch 4 to another. Passing of the torch. Kelly Olynyk for 2023 NBA finals MVP!

Hey, a man can dream.
Tryna show his father up
nbaww material
If you don't love Dirk, you're probably a sociopath.
Isaiah* Thomas really looks like a kid in this vid.
Moments like this make the NBA so fuckin sick
How excited was Olynyk to be drafted by the Mavs and play with his idol Dirk only to be traded to the Celtics for Shane Larkin... Who's laughing now Shane!
I don't think Dirk would be laughing if Olynyk gave him the Olynyk
How could someone ever not love Dirk?

Kelly should actually do this a lot. That was a really good look
He gave him the Nowitzki!!
Imitation. The highest compliment you can give to a player.
NBA being too buddy buddy my butt, this is just a cool moment. Dirk continues to be an awesome individual. 
This is like in wrestling where Wrestler A uses Wrestler B's finisher in Wrestler B. 

Except it didn't work all the way. 
down 15 and still having a giggle
Good and fun sportsmanship. 
This is amazing
This was cool to see, I'm gonna miss Dirk when he's gone :(
Olynyk showing some love.
Olynyk looks like a much taller version of someone you'd see at Bumbershoot
/r/sportsarefun
Dirk should have done an Olynyk and pull his shoulder off. 
 Im the captain now
If Kelly had short hair they would be the same person.
Ahh yes, Dirk, King of Dirks
Kelly Olynyk will be a star big man in a couple more seasons. His rise will nicely coincide with the end of Zbo's contract... Would love to have him play next to Marc.
I thought it would be like a wet willy or noogie or something...  :\
I was like "Shouldn't it be called a Livingston?" but there was none of that penile grip
I don't get it. This was on /r/all. What does it mean?
Dirk proceeds to bump KO a little bit too hard
Porzingis took that shot in last game and missed and it hurt my heart
hahaha
That was a pretty damn good move
Isaiah Thomas next...
is this not the cutest thing?
At this point the games momentum changed.
The video froze on me and all I could notice was Evan Turner doing the logo pose.
Later Dirk gave Kelly 'an Olynyk' and now his arm is in a sling.
Gotta bank that bad boy in young blood.
Thats too awesome

Lol that's awesome 
Thats a nice moment
Fuck Olynyk
Not included in this gif was Olynyk's attempt to pull Dirk's shoulder out its socket after shaking his hand
At least he didn't dislocate his shoulder.
idgi eli5?
Dirk be like, ["Nah, this is how you do it."](https://i.imgur.com/lxfRGAT.jpg)
Dirk is going to break his arm, give him an Olynyk.
I can't wait for Love to pull an Olynyk on Olynyk!
so that's what he's doing when he's not dislocating arms.
Breen/JVG said something along the lines of "well it's not important that it didn't count, but it is important to know he can take and make that shot." Kid's gonna be great.
Should have been .8 left on the clock. anyways... ITS STILL REAL TO ME.
man i love how happy carmelo is. 
Should have counted for "basketball reasons"
The last 20 seconds of that game were just a roller coaster of emotions.
who throws a pass that low to someone 7 FOOT FUCKING 3?
[well...](https://31.media.tumblr.com/122e34c90039581a9e515fd26ddc455d/tumblr_inline_najaea1Nhb1rnuijn.gif)
These refs are like the kids in school who tell you Santa isn't real.
Kristaps is a fuckin baller. 
Too bad he wasn't available when the lakers picked at #2
This kid just won't stop making me love him. 
Broke my heart to see them wave it off
Heartbreaking loss for the Knicks. The refs should have reviewed the clock, but oh well. At least Porzingod's confidence will go up.
It still counts in my heart
Derek Fisher about to have a full 1 hour film session of just him hitting that .3 second shot over and over.
I feel bad for the Porzingod- that was so fucking close. would've been one of the biggest moments of his career.
If this counted /r/nba would've imploded
broke my mouse when this happened. 
Melo is just standing away looking onto the celebrations like "go get em, kid"
The clock should have been reset to 0.8 or 0.9. Also, that release looked simultaneous with the buzzer. Wouldn't it have been too close to waive off?
Just gave something new to Stephen A. Smith to complain about.

"Absolutely positively without a doubt and all certainty DISGUSTED with how Porzingis handled that last 0.6 seconds. AFLERGHBERRGHH DISGUSTED. Handing the ball to a rookie that shouldve been nowhere NEAR that 4th pick of the draft was already blasphemy, and then to have the nerve to not even get it out of your hand with an ETERNITY of 0.6 left on the clock?! ABSOLUTELY BLASPHEMOUS. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. UTTER DISAPPOINTMENT."
Man. if that shot had counted, then it would've broken r/NBA lol 
Never forget.
Carmelo felt so happy there for a second :(
Amare's shot against the Celtics was the first thing that came to my mind when I saw that play lol.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I7fk82huDGc
Porzingis is ready to take over the league.

The league just isn't ready.
[PorzinGOAT](http://i.imgur.com/GiitE9k.png)
You can't help but root for him.
Bad pass...too low
&lt;/3
Melo deferred to Kristaps you saw him block out so he could get a clean look
I love seeing how happy Melo is
Greatest of all time
Derek Fisher should know all about making shots at 0.4
Shoulda had .8 on the clock, but we lucked out yesterday so it's all good. 
That's the benefit of have Melo on the court, just him there requires so much attention it opens the court up for others, in this case porzingod
Still clutch as fuck. 
I don't think I have ever been this sad a shot didn't count. 
KP is that dude
Soooooo happy for the Knicks homies. Kid could be something special!
How bout the play call by fisher too? Everyone thought Porzingis was going for a lob. Great play. 
Man I can't help but root for this guy. He's gonna be a great player, seems like a good kid, can't complain
It's especially heartbreaking because it was KP.  Really wanted that to go in just because it was him.
Fucking Ja Rule was right. Kristaps is a star. The Knicks are going to improve as a franchise on the back of PorzinGOD. I want to see SAS eat crow on TV.
Is this payback for the melo out of bounds play from yesterday? /Tinfoilhat
Fuck I love this guy. He's so great.
Regardless, he's making Phil look good indeed.
GGs Hornets. We had a wrong call possibly save us last night, and we had a wrong call make us lose tonight (the shot was no good and that's clear, but there should have been more time on the clock which would've made the shot good). I enjoyed getting to watch some Lin, and hope he continues to play well for you guys.

The silver lining to this loss is that that shot could be a big confidence boost for Porzingis, even if it was waived off. We all know that the kid is playing well and I'm not trying to suggest he has confidence issues, but he has been ice cold from down town. He knows it and has clearly been hesitant to shoot the 3 ball. Despite him not shooting well, we all know he's capable of shooting the ball. Watching that shot fall in the highest pressure situation might help him.
Watching it live I knew they were gonna call it off.    
The pass is just too low. He's 7'3 it's gonna take longer to hit the peak of his jump/release    

Still a G tho
Oh man if that was .8 he had it. It's a shame but he took that shot calm and cool. I trust this man with our team's future. 
They would've counted it, if it was a put back dunk.
Lol! Melos face is like, "Where was this guy when I was like 5 years younger."
GODZINGIS

O

D

Z

I

N

G

I

S
damn man. as a lakers fan. porzingis is making me feel insecure and upset we didn't draft him
Knicks fans [be like](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DmIURIqjDmY)
Regardless, this guy is a fucking STUD I'm jealous of all the pussy NBA players must get
Because of our pick swap right I really should be cheering against the Knicks this season, but god damn I can't help but love Porzingis 
That would have broken the Internet
I love Porzingis 
The call was correct but the clock management was not. The amount of time he took to take that shot is plenty quick enough to cover .6 seconds. Oh well. 

The team continues to play well together and believe in themselves. Schedule has been rough so far. A couple easy wins against bad teams and confidence will soar. I actually think they have a good shot at the playoffs. 

Kristaps with 10 15 and 2 blocks plus this game winner that got cancelled. 

Only problem is Melo still for the most part doesn't buy into the ball movement. 25 shots is too many for him. I wish he'd eliminate 5 of the worst forced shots in exchange for keeping the ball moving fluidly. 

But who cares. In 2019 When Melo is finishing up with the Knicks this kid will be 24. 

Despite his bad FG percentage so far I think it's clear he has a silky smooth jumper and that the efficiency will come around. No rookie Jump shooters ever really shoot well to start. You have to go used to your spots and the pace among other things. 

The first quarter tonight showed us what he will look like. The best part is that it's so blatantly obvious with the eyeball test that the team is so much better with him on the floor. He is a constant threat in every facet of the game and makes the. Play better.

This kid is fucking amazing. I am a happy happy man 
It still counts in my heart, Porzingod
PORZINGOD
I am so glad this kid is shutting up all the haters 
yo I'm not real introduced to the whole NBA scene but Porzingis makes it to the front page a lot, is there some highlight reel of his on YouTube or something?
Long Live Zinghis Khan
That seemed like an awfully low pass. Extra time to gather because Porzingy is tall and the ball was low. Helluva shot
kristaps might be something special folks.
Heartbreaker!  
  
I felt bad for him, but he'll have plenty of chances in the future.
He looks like a mix of AK-47 and Dirk lmaoooo
how can they waive it off when the results seems so inconclusive???

NBA replay center and the refs strike again. lol
That was a shame. The Knicks should've put that game away earlier and not depend on these last seconds. Fisher kept Amundson on the court for way too long instead of gettin RoLo in there. Also, Linsanity went to town on his former team during the whole game.
Nevertheless, BELIEVE THE HYPE! Hail, Porzingod!
Love this kid, but due to contractual obligations, fuck the Knicks.
Carmelo laughing completely makes this video. 
Poor Godzingis, he'll have more opportunities 
10 points, 15 rebounds, +7
Yung K looks good
I'm genuinely upset that this didn't count. K-GoD
I'm hard???!!!!???
dude can play
I really like the fact everyone was saying he was too weak for the NBA but gets 15 rebounds with ease.
The wrong time was put back on the clock but that's life. Knicks got a break against the Raps the night before.

What really pisses me off is the 4th quarter offense. The Hornets are pretty bad and the Knicks outplayed them the entire game and then just collapsed. Zinger almost bailed us out of a choke job.   Bad loss.
I love seeing this kind of highlights specially on a team like the Knicks, they need this as a boost and will surely be a great team again.
Remember when people booed him on draft day? Me neither.
I never knew I could be this erect...
You know what's funny, ever since NBA 2K16 came out I knew than that Porzingis was the truth. T
Porzingis is like a 76 overall who plays like a 85. He is an above average rim defender and finisher, can drain from anywhere on the floor, and his reach allows him to make up for any lack of physical strength he'll face in NBA. Porzingis I'm calling it now will be an elite stretch 4 in this league over time, even better than Chris Bosh(although may never put up Toronto Bosh like numbers). Porzingis on the pick and roll and pop all day long with a true point guard, he is a stud!
My heart launched itself from my chest so hard that it put a hole in the wall. I then buried my head in said hole when they said it was late. Now I  need to see a psychiatrist because my love for Kristaps has become "manifested in violent actions". Porzingis is love Porzingis is life.
FUQ DAT, SHIT WAS GOOD
Porzingod couldn't save that awful pass.
I feel like an asshole for talking shit about the Knicks taking him. This guy is awesome
Did anyone else feel like the clock started a little late anyways?
# #KRISTAPSZANITY
First off, Knicks got robbed. Total bullshit that wasn't counted. Second, why the hell was the pass so low? Third, it was all water and there was room to fucking spare (from the 3pt line).

Melo isn't going to leave this team. This is a solid nucleus. Please, please please please do not break this up. I know the Knicks. I know how they operate. Please let them play ball. 
Why'd he cock it down to below his waist like that? Was it a bad pass? Or a bobbled pass? Did he just not have the momentum to be able to just launch it? 
Damn shame, that was a sick shot, but did anyone else think the pass was a little low?
anyone have a gif/vid of the zeller basket that happened just before? i keep reading that hawes tried to give the game again but zeller swooped in with the denial.
The same exact thing happened to Stoudemire:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M4NlYScPbXc
PORZANITY LETS GO
This one has to a heart breaker for NY Knicks fans.
Honestly I'm not even mad. I'm happy to see that the kid had the balls to take that shot AND he made it. It felt like a win to me. Not to mention he had yet another double double tonight. I'm excited for his future.

Knicks had no business giving up double digit leads during the 4th in the first place.
This reminds me of that heartbreaker Amar'e Stoudemire had against Boston in his first season with the Knicks.

That was a similar Knicks team, now that I think about it. A lot of heart and hustle, with a bunch of average talent playing above their level just because they played so hard. I really liked that Knicks team, and I'm loving this one. 

Zinsanity
Inbounds pass was too low
That one was just a warning shot. The next time you won't be so lucky, NBA
Fisher needs to teach him the 0.4 
Almost a Linsanity feel to it. The way KP started the game I thought he would end up with a 20pt, 20reb game.
Gutting.
Dude is legit
Holy Shit, literally the same play as Amare from 2010.

https://youtu.be/M4NlYScPbXc
He brought the ball down below his waist before the shot. He would of had it if he didn't hold onto it so long.
He was not defended though and rightly so.  No big man is going to get that shot off in time so the defense marked else where.
Would have loved to have seen D'angelo Russell get an opportunity like this.
Then it's not a game winner is it? 
I really didn't think this kid was gonna be any good but man was I wrong, steal of the draft.
Porzingis all over my tits!!!
Behind KAT, this guy is my favorite rookie. He's going to be so good. 
With every game that passes, I only get more excited for Porzingis. Can't wait to see what becomes of him in the years to come. For the first time in a long time, I can actually look forward as a Knicks fan. 
Anyone else watch that and pause it at .1 seconds? The ball's left his hands... shouldn't that have been good!? Looks like he got robbed to me.
I fucking love this guy
I honestly don't know why people thought this kid was going to be a project. The kid played in the 2nd best league in the world i would think he'd be the most ready... I ain't complaining tho
This is HIS team.
* Should've been .8 left on the clock, not .6
* Light went off with .1 still left on the clock. Never seen that before, wonder if NBA will respond to that.
That kid has a bright future.  He'll get the next one.
/r/nba would have imploded if it counted anyways 
Man hes really using that booing as motivation.
So is Kristaps good/worth the pick so far? I have watched 0 Knicks games so far.
it's pretty obvious that it was after the buzzer. His windup takes so long
ROY
Nice fucking job by the refs, super close
I was in the arena and man was it wild it there when they waved it off
Crosspost to /r/prematurecelebration
The post title seems like he got the shot off in time, but was robbed. Hornets win motherfuckers! GO HORNETS!
it was that wind up wasting a few millisecs
Whats up with Melo not going to jump on him, he's too mellow. Although i do like his lil grin. Maybe he thought it was late.
What a terrible pass.
Somehow someway Stephen A Smith will blame Kristaps and yell a bunch
he took a bit too long bring the ball up for teh shot, could just be due to his height.  crazy game though
Can you imagine having him, Durant, and Westbrook on the same team???
lol at the knicks fans who booed and literally cried when he was drafted.
I bet all those fans booing him on draft night are probbaly his biggest supporters now
He would have made it on time if he was a one motion shooter.
If ~~he hit that shot~~ that counted he could've taken Melo's spot as NY's golden boy
This guy's got a very slow release 

lol @ all the downvotes.. you watch that video and it's the most obvious thing - which is also the reason that it didn't count. Most NBA players would have gotten that shot off in time. I'm not trying to rain on the Porzingis parade but it's just a fact. 
yo knicks fans put these daily porzingis clips in the fucking knicks sub instead of upvoting them to the top of /r/nba every day 
So not game winning? Lol
[deleted]
Someone remind me of the rule pertaining to "buzzer-beaters".
Refs tried to give the Knicks another win
Not really a game-winning shot if it doesn't actually count because the game is already over. 
I like how Carmelo doesn't go over and celebrate with PorzinGod.  He puts his arms up like he shot it and walks away from the celebration scrum.  If you thought he was jealous of Linsanity, wait until this is PorzinGod's team next year.
Where are all those fans who booed him?
Lmao I thought this was serious and I was really happy for 76ers fans.

Gotta be tough for a guy who has won so much his whole life to lose 14 games in a row right off the bat.
At least Okafor is showing that he wants to win and hates losing. Remember the draft questions concerning him not loving the game?
He's probably lost more games in his short NBA career than he lost in all of college and varsity high school combined. 
Can you blame him? Goes from winning NCAA title to not having won a single game yet. Must be so demoralizing. 
He might be the most lethargic man alive. He always looks half  asleep and he still manages to dominate the post.
http://i.imgur.com/BpUXmab.gifv
I know how he feels.

I don't care if it's minority opinion; if this team is a joke again next year (and not being a joke doesn't even mean playoff squad, just a competent basketball team with an actual identity) then Hinkie deserves to be fired. He'll have four drafts under his belt by that point, which is plenty of time to get a team pointed in the right direction.
You sir, have found a great basketball Gif. This could literally be used for any disappointing comment. 
He has nice hair
I'd like to also throw this out there as well
https://twitter.com/lilnthebasedgod/status/668589425719422976
[which streak will last the longest - GSW's or the 76er's?](http://strawpoll.me/6077544)
"How come the Lakers don't want me, man?"
[Well, he could've handled losing to Miami a lot worse...](http://www.totalprosports.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/stoudemire-vs.-fire-extinguisher.jpg)
He's just reacting to the comcast sign on the wall. Fuck comcast.
Poor guy he coulda been a WAY better 2-10 team!
Legit question: Could LeBron take this 76ers roster to the playoffs?
His head hits northeast which indicates he wants to go to Boston.. Okafor to Boston confirmed 
A lot of jokes about "trusting the process" lately, but you know what? I 100% get what Hinkie is doing, at least now. The more they suck, the more it's guaranteed that they're going to get both the Lakers' pick and a high draft pick of their own.

Lakers only keep their pick if it stays within the top 3. If they're the worst in the league, their chances of losing the pick is 30 something percent. If they're the second worst? I think it's just under 50. They need to be worse than the Lakers this year, and so far they're getting the job done and then some.

When you have a decent chance at two top 5 picks in a draft, you better believe you're going to do all you can to achieve it. Why even try? Just lose out. It's a percentages game, and even if they have horrible luck, they're still going to end up with at least one top 4 pick. It's absolutely a win/win for them to be as terrible as possible this season.

Now, instilling a losing mentality into a bunch of young guys is probably horrible for their development, but that's another argument altogether. Right now, what they're doing is easily the smartest thing they can do.

I mean, I'm not even mad. I'm pretty damned sure Byron is out there tanking the Lakers for the same reason. Can't knock the hustle at all.
people say the sixers rebuild makes the players content with losing, but then make fun of the rebuild when someone is upset with losing.

cool
me_irl
He was in ucsb before the draft training and  partying it up. Jah said he's okay with any team except the sixers :( 
God this feels awful. I felt terrible looking back on his "I want to bring continue my winning tradition from Duke with the Lakers" interviews when we drafted Russell and he went to an unquestioned tank with the Sixers. I guess it makes it slightly better that we'd probably still be tanking with Okafor so it's not like he missed out on that much? Maybe?

Hopefully the sixers are good next year, if they're not I don't see him staying past his rookie contract. 
I wonder when some of these contracts are up if these dudes are gonna stay. Must be awful to be losing so much for so long. I imagine many will jump ship.
Oh wow, I do this a lot, falling into walls for no reason. I thought I was the only one. I do it no matter my mood, so maybe Jah is just weird like me. Have you seen his demeanour like anywhere else? Him being a weirdo isn't out of the question
Only healthy Chicago boy trapped in hell.
In NBA 2k, Philly sucked hardcore 15-16.

They got the number 2 and 3 picks in 2016 draft (Skal Lab. and Malik Neuman)

they did better in 2016-2017 but no playoffs. got 2 lottery picks.

they fucking won NBA Finals 2018, 2019, and 2020.

keep ur heads up philly fans.
I don't think I'll ever get over the lakers FO passing him up
Can't blame him. He's been winning his whole life. Just won the National Championship earlier this year. This is new for him, but it's good that he wants to win. It's a good characteristic. 
Kids say the Darndest Things.
I first laughed then i became very sad. Much emotion. 
This is a hard thread to read
Damn he's pretty swole
Definitely feel for him 
He probably hasn't been on a team this bad In his entire life 
Hey bro at least you're playing in the NBA.
Even if the Sixers luck into being decent one year, the long tenured players will be burnt out and toxic from the losing culture of distrust and negativity that Hinkie has built.  Truly a historically awful GM
This clip is a week old. Very timely. 
I need to remember to stop reading comments on sixers posts. all the \#HotTakes make me want to rip my eyelashes out
JJs new half sleeve looking fresh
WP, OP. I thought this would be a picture of him eating a cheese steak or something.
We will take in this young pup after he's left out in the cold, Philly rain... Come to Boston Jah. 
Not to worry. Another young "asset" is going to his position so help their collective trade values and sane the day. Or something like that. 

Embiid also is still considered one of the best most promising young bigs in the league. 
He just likes the feel of the cold wall on his skin, like the cool side of a pillow.
Man, he wishes he was in NY rn. Porzingoat &lt;3
It's like basic training in the military, you got to break them before you can build them back up. 
losing is awesome!
yeah, because no mater how good you are, the team looses. That can be disheartening. 
I'm sure he's wiping his tears away with some Benjamins
He needs to do what Barkley did and eat his way out of Philly.
You can obviously tell he wanted to be drafted by the Lakers, and was shocked when he wasn't. I think he has a higher ceiling than Noel, but he will be the one traded if they have to decide between the 2. 
Perfectly exemplifies the toll a culture of intentional failure takes on a competitor.
Does anyone else want this experiment to fail miserably to discourage others from tanking so blatantly?
Yeah, but guys trust the process. Trading away talented young players and building a team to lose games is definitely not going to kill a young player's confidence for years to come. 
I really thought this was gonna be article about him loving the city. I feel as though I've been rick-rolled. Good job OP. 
poor guy. whatever, he's a millionaire lol.  the lakers should've def drafter him tho
Philly deserves all the ridicule they get. Everyone in the league knows the plan is to purposely be the worst team you can be. But these high picks aren't free, they come at a price. It costs your team respect and dignity.  In five years, Philly will be a great team, but for now the Sixers and their fans need to take their medicine.
He really deserves better, Jahlil played his ass off, never complains to the press and just quietly put up stellar numbers.
Being so bad it discourages your young players is a great strategy!  Good job, Hinkie!
Just trade Russell for Okafor and get it over with. Both players stock has fallen, admittedly Russell's more than Okafor, but it would solve the problem of Noel/Okafor and let's not even mention Embiid if he ever gets healthy. Jordan Clarkson can play point for the Lakers and Roy Hibbert can come off the bench. Lakers will be so bad defensively they'll easily retain that top 3 pick and may have a real shot at building something with Randle/Okafor/Clarkson/top 3 pick.
76 losses.. #teamgoals
Ouch. I really feel bad for these guys. They are the Anti-Warriors. Losing, especially when you can even get one is awful. 
I really, really hope the "process" totally blows up in Philadelphia's face and they have to rebuild again. Because so far,they're lottery picks have yielded 4 big guys, and a rookie of the year they already traded away. Not a lot of hope going forward. Contract them for all I care. 
Maybe he should play some fucking defense then?

With Noel on the court no okafor the sixers defense is again top 6 in ppp.

With okafor on the court with or without Noel?  LAST
That's probably how he feels when he realizes his contract has team options instead of player options too
and to think Jason Thompson would have been on this team. bench time with the Warriors must be a dream come true compared to this.
I get that they're rebuilding, but can someone explain to me why they let go of MCW?
Is it me or do Duke players seem to hit the zenith of their career at Duke?
Lmao sees the "76ers" and just gets instantly depressed.
http://i.imgur.com/6fTdNYv.gifv

its depressing that i assumed this was another one of those sarcastic titles
Paul George looks like he wanted that shot to go in as much as anyone else in that arena. 
Kobe might be retiring but "Kobe!" lives on
[The crowd's reaction was really special after this shot. Chants of 'Kobe!' and the smiles from Kobe. I really hope his legs recover and he goes out with a bang.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fhcjbUT2bzw)
A few plays here and there like this is all I ask for this season. Kobe pls
[The follow up.](http://www.streamable.com/jum7)
It's such a Kobe thing to do 
His form looks weird as fuck. He just airballed the next shot with the same form too. 
Basketball to Kobe, "Don't leave me yet..."
Still the kid with the garbage can in the corner counting 5...4...3...2...1
This actually made me happy
Haha He was laughing at Paul George later.
I teared up and I'm not ashamed of it damn it

3 2 1 KOBE
Nick Young can't contain his emotion
Please can we get a 40point game from Kobe this season?
I am secretly hoping he yelled ''kobe'' when taking that shot
What a shot!
that smile!
That was a sexy shot. 
lol at the grin after the shot, even the mamba didnt believe the shot was good. haha
Oh god that airball
I'm going to miss these Kobe moments so much!! What a great shot! 
I was 100% expecting it to hit the shot clock or something with all the bullshit titles going around.
wtf are those pacers uniforms
This season, all I want is a buzzer beater by Kobe and probably a 40+ point game. 

That's all. 
Aaaaand then he air balled the next one :(
Unbelievable!
Kobe!!!!!
D'Angelo didn't flinch.
god damn it kobe you ruined it with that follow up
Clutch to the end.
Damn it was so nice watching the end of this live. PG and Kobe were nothing but all smiles out there for the last few minutes of the game.

I would have lost my shit if he drained that last 3 attempt to tie it tho..
This shot gave me ptsd
This got me so hyped. It was a glimpse of what younger Kobe used to do all the time. I really didn't want him to shoot the next one though. I just knew that it wouldnt go in. Too bad it was an airball also...
remember when we just expected that shot to go in? fuck, man... :'(
The amount of lift, and the shot was such vintage Kobe. 
I was so afraid that this would be something like KG skying for the put back.
Love how PG seems happy for him:')
And then he airballed the next one for the tie...
VINTAGE AS FUCK
Man those jerseys are awful.
BASKETBALL LOVES YOU TOO KOBE
Cherish them while we still have them, boys
Kobe in full fuck it mode lol 
[after he airballed the second one](http://i.imgur.com/PLTZJRh.gif)
I guess the positive title/terrible play thing is reserved strictly for Harden.  I was expecting this to be the shot he airballed
AND HE TIES THE GAME 

oh wait no it was an airball
clutch as fuck
KOBEEEEEE
[deleted]
i need this in hd
of course its the day he announces retirement ;-;
Flashback...

I'm gonna fucking miss him so much.
What the fuck are the pacers wearing haha 
It's like that one last sip of Vino.
You're welcome.
It's so weird to see Kobe smiling at the end of a close game. Usually it's just Mamba mode the whole time.
I really didn't want him to shoot the next shot with the same form too.
I lost my shit at that shot. The second one...wasn't as nice, but it felt great seeing Kobe pull one of these out again
even though they lost. I feel fuzzy inside
I always go for the best things in life. Whenever I eat beef from now on I'll only buy Kobe. 


Fuck wagyu. 
his release looks a lot quicker
His shot looks so weird this season 
Buzzer beater by Black MAMBA!
I hope he can get another game winner at the buzzer this year, for old times sake 
Was that a carry?
I thought at first that this title would be ironic and was waiting for Kobe to shoot an airball
Just one more time, I want Kobe to go off for 40, or hit a crazy game-winner, or something. I know it's really unlikely with how he's been playing, but we need one more. 
That 3 beat me in fantasy. I was up by 2 points and lost because Kobe hit a 3. 
im surprised he actually hit it, i expected this post to be a joke
Right before that he had an even more impressive assist to Clarkson.
Man, he looks so slow. Makes ya sad
That was a great shot, but if he made the next one it would have been even better. I hope he gets a storybook ending to his career like Jeter did. Getting the game winning hit in his final home game, maybe Kobe has a monster night or hits a buzzer beater. 
Even a blind squirrel finds a nut every now and then 
Are my eyes fooling me or is this on glorious 60fps?
And this is why I want Kobe to keep playing. I cant stop smiling because theres still stuff like this in those legs. 
I knew he would airball the next one xD
Damn. he had shot 3-18 before that. Part of me wants to see a new efficient kobe. The other part wants to see this kobe who doesnt give a fuck about his percentages, and trusts himself. 
Sports is a rare industry in that the experienced and senior-level types have a shelf-life that is so short that they have to value each and every moment at the top and there is nothing they can do about it. It's a sad &amp; tragic occupation. 
---

Just seeing his nonverbal language, you could see the conscious awareness of the finality of this all. He knows these very moments won't be acheived again and he is no longer worth the bigger moments, rather appreciate these small moments. It really is analgous to human life.

---


Bless you all ✌️

AND thank you Kobe for giving us these moments of philosophical and existential poignancy. 
Not pictured : 16 bricks
Pure luck 
Going to miss the Mamba 
ALMOST VINTAGE KOBE
wtf those uniforms are hella ugly
And Kemba knows they fucked up.
"where the fuck is the help at?"
Bogut jogging back like "my work on this possession is done"

Kemba head down like "my work on this possession is for nought"
Probably still the last person to make it back on defence 
and this is where I suddenly remember that the Hornets were within 10 with a few minutes to go in the 3rd.

I still remember having to do a double take at the beginning of the 4th quarter because I was cleaning while watching the game.  I thought things were closer.  I noticed Steph was hitting some 3s.  Turns out it was a lot of 3s.
Curry looking at the line on a wide-open shot is way funny to me considering the absolutely ridiculous step-backs and other shit he pulls off on a regular basis
[That look on Kemba's face.](http://imgur.com/AIFm7ZX)
Honestly this is just getting weird. If any 7 footer in any other league of basketball on any other team at any other level at any other age did that during a game, they'd be reprimanded by the coach or benched. But he's *so good* at 3s, that it's now acceptable.
we got money!!!!
but he did sneak a peak though.
Know's
Soon, all other 9 players will be doing that as well
Aimbot cheats
Curry's instincts on offensive rebounds and loose balls are almost like a bizzaro Dennis Rodman. He always seems to know where the ball is going, and rather than go for it like Dennis, he gets into perfect position to receive a pass and hit a wide open shot. 

Of course, sometimes he also happens to be *exactly* where the deflection is going.
So we're all just going to ignore the renegade apostrophe? Surely someone's as OCD as me?

No?

:(
thats one of the funniest things i've seen this season. and look at kemba's reaction. must be thinking "man where the fuck is the help at?"
Kemba knows, too.
And Frank running up like, 'Derrrr I'll get this rebound.."
Klay just stands there then nods and does the three symbol
Would it be too troll if the whole GS Warriors started running back? Like it would be a race to get back on defense before the ball goes in haha.
Fookin got a head staught on these limey buggas!
At this point I think you need a designated "stick on Curry even when he walks to the bench" guy. Although that might be like throwing a wool blanket on a fire for all the help that'd do.
I think we all knew it was money. Wide open Steph is pretty much a guarantee. Shit, contested Curry is still a problem.
What's going on in that play, only 3 warriors are in that half court yet they left curry wide open... Curry, have they not heard? do they not know?
Bogut is just trying to make sure no one pulls a [Kuroko to Kagami dunk on him](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_QrBUDGex0)
this is also part of the warriors strategy to not go for offensive rebounds, but run back on D. of course, it helps that curry is shooting wide open.
I remember a stat during last year's playoffs that he was shooting over 90 percent from that area during the playoffs. This was pretty deep into the playoffs so it was based on a decent sample size as well
For comparison, every single team Tony Allen, Green, or Lee go running down the court for an easy layup/fast break. Conley has to follow up after them because they miss like 80% of their fast break wide open layups. 
The Hornets players were just huddling trying to decide who gets to take the ball out.
would've been so much better if he didn't look back at all 
I remember when rondo used to do this every time he passed to ray allen
Wide open Curry? Yea, pretty sure that's the default reaction in that situation
I fucking love this team hahaah
Steph curry checking the time before he shoots
Caption should be **DEMORALIZED KEMBA WALKER**
what the hell? why was kaminsky nearly standing off screen on defense during that play?
I like how Steph takes a quick glance just to make sure.

"Hold up. Ok nah it's all good."
Lisa Ann knows the money shot 
Also, check out Thompson sauntering into the picture to give his nod of approval lol this team is ridiculous
Kemba's reaction 10/10
OP, are you youtube commenter 'Melo Xiang'?

melo xiang: ["1:54 before curry made the shoot, this austrilian thug already running back for defend﻿"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=McNCtY2-Roo)



Other players must be terrified playing against curry atm 
I'm too damn tempted to check this... but to stubborn to be a comp of all these Curry moments.
Just look at this sort of gamesmanship the game last night https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GMplb18JWV4 And Kemba knows they fucked up.
I'm not a huge basketball player, just a fan.. Why does Curry do the small lookdown motion with his head before he goes into shooting motion. Is he making sure that he's behind the line?
The whole crowd is like "you fucking kidding me? uggghhhh". Quite a few people did that thing where you wave your hands for a quick moment like "ofc".
My job here is done
Left corner 3 is unreal for Steph. It's more efficient than a LeBron dunk. 
FTFY: Kemba knows that shot is money.
The chemistry on this team the best I've seen in a long time. 
Why the fuck was every Hornet in the paint with Curry in the corner?
[deleted]
There needs to be a comp of all these Curry moments. 
I know it's not playoffs or anything but is that a bad habit to develop? Wouldn't he want to secure the rebound in case it missed?
Still not smart to run 
He doesn't know if he's looking back.
Bogut sets illegal screens 
Funny and kind of cool, however, he gets paid big bucks to grab that rebound if he does miss it. Showmanship is nice, but let's act like we take every game seriously, Right?

Edit: Wrong.
Rockets faded jersey confirmed sick, would buy 7.
the unis for the nuggets and jazz are dope
You can see the whole league here: [http://www.behance.net/gallery/30578981/NBA-football-kits](http://www.behance.net/gallery/30578981/NBA-football-kits)
I would straight up buy that home wolves shirt if I could. This is really well done! That Pelicans home is awesome, inspired by Portugal's kit I'm sure. 

Favorites: 

Kings away

Pelicans home

GSW home (the bridge is really cool)
The Kings one looks like an explosion coming from the genitalia. Looks cool.
I love that throwback color scheme for the Memphis away jersey
Dang I want a Jazz one.
Both Denver unis are sick
I fucking love the Rockets ones man. Can you let me know when you start selling these? Respects.
These are super well done.

I love the Portland unis. 
I love this. Just out of interest how did you make these?
Houston "Spain" Rockets

And be honest: Was you partially inspired by [Denmarks away kit](http://s3.amazonaws.com/storefront-media/nyheder_img/12914_8_max.jpg) for Phoenix home kit?
Holy hell those Utah jerseys are fire
damn these were all really well done. Grizzlies, Kings, and Pelicans really stood out. 
The Trailblazers one is sick.
If only Nike made kits half as bold as some of these... Their kits are so bland and "safe"...

Then on the other end of the spectrum we have shit like [this](http://i4.mirror.co.uk/incoming/article1930702.ece/ALTERNATES/s615/Leaked-images-of-the-Liverpool-201314-away-and-third-kit.jpg)...

This is a nice balance OP!


YOOOOOOO that warriors blue kit is dope, that bridge was an amazing touch


so is the crown on Sac
The Sonics have finally stopped being included in these type of things it seems. It is a sad time to be alive.
Scrolling down and thinking "Man these are great, I can't wait to see the Spurs one"
I reach the Spurs and wtf we get this dull ass jersey
The Black Memphis ones are dope as fuck. 
wow these are so good. now take these soccer uniform ideas and make them into basketball jerseys. 
Pelicans looking like they going on some Norman style conquest with that cross. 
That said, great work on these.
Nuggets one looks beautiful. Something about those horizontal stripes on a sleeved shirt really makes it.
I feel dirty saying this, but that Rockets kit is so sexy.
Thunder still manage to be worst ones...
Pelicans black uni with the cross is dopeee
Dude, shut up and take my money for that white Suns kit. Good job!
Dude these are amazing. This might be asking a lot but any chance you're going to do former franchises (seattle and vancouver)
Any special reason why they're all Nike? In soccer there are all sorts of different manufacturers - Umbro, Macron, Lotto, Puma, etc. etc. 

Anyway, excellent work. You seem to have a mastery of the subtle application of stripes.
Dont give Silver any idea man
Fantastic! 
Those Rockets ones are fucking dope
FC Memphis Grizzlies. 
That Kings kit is dope
You should have made the Lakers resemble Barcelona with the stripes. Due to history and cause Kobe loves them.
I'd definitely buy the Suns jerseys 
The warriors are even the best at being soccer uniforms
Awesome work, dude. 

As a Jazz fan the orange doesn't make much sense for the team's jerseys. If I could choose a color scheme it'd include green and yellow rather than orange. 
You forgot to splash Fan Duel across the chest 
These are amazing.. Great work man! My personal favourites are the rockets home jersey, grizzlies home jersey, pelicans home jersey, trail blazers home jersey and jazz home jersey. Also, do you plan on doing these for Eastern Conference teams?
Aka Sweden
Kings road = [Slovenia](http://www.soccerjerseysclub.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/AmvkgL3CIAEaJZL_jpg_large.jpeg)
Dope bro
Good stuff. Very nicely done. 
The dubs Home Jersey should have the bridge in gold... other then that most DOPE. 
I really like these and can't really pick favorites. The vertical stipes of Denver and Utah are great. The Grizzlies' black is pretty realistic away shirt.
Damn, the Kings' kit is fucking, for a lack of a better term, fucking fire!
These are a perfect example of why international kits are always the best looking. Not a horrible looking sponsor in sight. 
Where are yall getting these uniform templates??

I keep seeing these same templates everywhere??
All I see is Boca Juniors in the Utah home one.
Apart from all the numbers being the same font, these are DOPE!
Pretty sure my favorite is the Kings Home jersey 
Utah "beehive state" Jazz! Deliberate or not it's a great theme to incorporate. Blazers unis sick to, expected diagonal stripes but I like the vertical just as much.
Nike, please.  Take my money.
Really well done. Your alternative griz colorway is really nice. I wish they'd incorporate their old color scheme into their current jerseys
Why Adidas for some jerseys and Nike for others?
I love the Kings ones!
So awesome.
I wish I could buy these
They're all great, but I particularly like the Pelicans'
Really like the bridge on the home Warriors jerseys and the cross on the Pelican's jerseys.  
Would buy so quickly 
You actually made the Clippers' Jerseys look good. These are dope.
Really well done.  Love the orange shorts for the Suns.
My two favorite sports united! Mad props op.
Premier League kits to NBA coming up? :)
I absolutely love the Jazz shirts.  both of them.  Rockets red/yellow fade though....I think I'd actually wear that.  Makes me sick thinking about it.
Damn I want those tops and I don't even follow soccer.
Blazers unis sick to, expected diagonal stripes but I really like these and can't really pick favorites.
The mint on the grizzlies uni looks sick
I like most of them, especially the aways because they pop. Wonder how the bridge on the GSW might look in yellow? The teal on the Griz looks great. The shading on the Rockets is interesting. Feel like some of the monotone ones would look better with contrasting shorts, but that's just me.
The Suns and Rockets ones are amazing. Would definitely buy both of the Suns jerseys. 
New Orleans is hot
Where did you find the template?
these are fucking dooooooohpe
Pelicans and Trailblazers home jerseys are really on point
Such a great job, OP!

On behalf of all soccer and basketball fans, thank you!
Nice work, but I would change the home and away shorts on most kits to get the contrasting look. I know that look is slowly disappearing on the national kits, but most clubteams still have it. I really prefer it over the one color look with soccer and football kits. Oddly I don't mind it in basketball.
Oh gawd the Sixers one is so fresh, GIVE ME!!!
These are so dope (and I hate soccer). Blazers and Suns are my favorites.
I like the blazers shirt but maybe reverse the collar color on the black a la Man City?
These are some really cool designs but if you want to be realistic you should add a big company logo around the chest area of the shirt.

The faded Rockets uniform looks cool, but it will be a different story if you stick a big Mcdonald's logo on it.
Wow, I really like our jerseys.
Dude, this is sick! Especially dig the Rockets' kits!
These are actually pretty dope
OP, so you're graphic designer Alexandre De Sève? 
Why are you not working for the NBA yet I demand an explanation
Rockets Dubs and Nuggets are sexy as fuck. Seems like the thunder colors don't work anywhere. 
Awesome! But you should swap the old jazz logo for the current one...which I guess could also be called the old one.
wow that Memphis one, just wow. love how some of the Vancouver color scheme carried over. 
The USMNT need to adopt those Sixers jerseys, pronto. Or at least the Wizards jerseys.
i like how the eastern conference is adidas and the west is nike. 
Dude you got skills. These are beautiful
Srsly this is a Master Piece - i really like all Jersey except of the Miami Heat Home Jersey - this isnt great in my opinion maybe little bit more "HEAT" theme like a Flame or something.
But anyway good job srsly
amazing job
this is incredibly well done! you'll get a job designing real uniforms soon enough!
i have a dubs baseball jersey. would love to add a dubs soccer jersey to the list
Grizzlies, Suns, and Pelicans are my favorites. well done!
I really like the Mavericks away kit. It actually looks a bit like the FC Dallas blue hoop kit. I'm not sure if it was intentional, but, if it was, I love the call out to them.
Generally far superior to the official unis. Players would still tear the sleeves off, though.
Dude!!! Try to get these made! I would fucking love both kings jerseys!!!!!!!!
These kits are so tight. Thank you for this
That white Kings jersey is so, so sick! I'd love to see them do a similar design on their actual uniforms. Well done!
His [Hawks home jersey](http://i.imgur.com/Fz0fGWT.jpg) is probably my favorite... Also like the Rockets home one though.

These are so fucking cool! Way to go /u/FreddyFarcelin!
Take my money!! 
Wow, just simply wow. Somebody get this guy a job in this branch.
These all look amazing except for ours. With such a basic color scheme, you really can't do much with it. I wish we had more color sometimes :(
These are beyond cool, they're incredible. Awesome job!
Phoenix away is fire man love the design 
Rockets one reminds me of sherbert 
These are so sick!!!!
These are so sick!!!!
These are so fresh, I love how you used the old Vancouver colors for the black Grizzlies jersey.
Real dope man, good work.
Not that this isn't cool as fuck but why did you do this?
Those White Kings ones are money. And I think you should make the first stripe under the yellow on utah's green.  Those would be my favorite of them all with that one little change. But all of these are nice. 
Amazing as always, but man, the OKC logo has got to be one of if not the worst logo in the league. Just looks weird on the kit. 
Why?
Nice work! This is how sleeved jerseys should have turned out
never thought I would see a uniform that made the new Clippers logo actually look nice! great stuff, man!!
I like them but they seem really minimalist and eventually the style/pattern got repetitive... the only one that stood out was the kings kit tbh. 
Holy hell those Utah jerseys are fire Nuggets one looks like an explosion coming from the genitalia.
Really excellent work, man. You have a gift!
Sacto

PHX

Nola

EDIT - great job on these.  i'd wear the shit out of those blazer kits.
I have never seen one of these, and thought, "yeah, every single one of these is really well done." Until now. 

Great Job. 
A soccer jersey post that isn't just local businesses slapped on the teams colors, brilliant work man! 
WOW! These are very well done! Cheers to you /u/FreddyFarcelin!!!
Those are wet
You're one talented mofo. Bravo.
Bucks home and away are so fresh
Not a huge Memphis Fan but I would be if they had those jerseys
All amazing. The Suns and Bulls ones look the best imo.

How come you changed the Blazers jersey so drastically from the original concept?
Now, redo all of them with a big fugly shirt sponsor logo in the center to make them authentic
Memphis, Denver and Houston be mine!
these are how the sleeved jersey's should look..
These are cool as fuck. 
Wow, these are fantastic. You definitely have a talent for this work. I can't wait to see what you do for the Hawks.
This is so sick. We'll done! 
I don't know why, but thank you for not referring to them as kits. 
I think that the 2000's logo is actually still the official NBA uniform manufacturer next year.
Shoulda gone with adidas kits. They're way better than the Nike soccer kits
do whatever makes you happy, even if its completely pointless shit
Now I wish the Suns were a soccer team.
Still can't fix the OKC jerseys :(
Could you do a Raptors soccer kit?

the one you have doesn't fit the the style of the raptors at all.
Looking at those Mavs aways, Dirk in blue/white  would be full on [Diego Forlan](http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/01673/forlan_1673318c.jpg)
Are all soccer teams/jerseys sponsored by Nike or is it just a template used to create all the jerseys?
This is my favorite thing.
10/10 would buy a Sonics jersey in that style for workouts. Very nice.
Favorite 11, no order: Hawks home (idk I love it), Celtics away white (biased as shit), Charlotte home (the stripe and fade to the waist is so clean), Mavs away (I almost came when I saw those, the fading blue stripes, mmph), Nuggets home (hard to go wrong with those colors), Rockets home (need I say more), Lakers away (fit for royalty, imagine if basketball worked like soccer, the Lakers would be like Barca or Madrid marching into some lowly team's little stadium wearing those? game over), Grizzlies home (you don't lose under the lights wearing those), Bucks home (ARGYLE!!!), TWolves home (thin black stripes and white waistband mmm), Raptors purple home (again, you don't lose at night in those)

Critiques: The Bulls homes would be great with white shorts, don't like when H/A follow nearly identical/inverse schemes (Nets, Nuggets, Cavs, etc), don't like light blue on Pacers away, Sixers home could do w/o the big stars, I think the crown in the away Kings shirt should be on the home shirt with a clean white away top, on the home one it would be (going up) black, purple, white, purple shirt (maybe the black on purple design wouldn't totally work?)

Everything else is pretty damn solid. Awesome work.
Hey our ugly logo(which I love) looks great on the jerseys. I'd buy 10/10
i scrolled through all them them.  Each time i said "ooooo....that looks gooooooood."

Nice job, seriously.  All them them were amazing.
Are you the dood that did the helmets? 
That vertical trailblazer pinwheel on the socks are such a nice touch
rockets fade, memphis old colors and new orleans cross ones are incredible
I wish you would have expressed as much creativity in the rest of them as you did with the GS Warriors one (Love the GG Bridge texture) and the Sacramento Kings. Most of them are just basic kits with the team's colors.
Rockets away (colored) jersey looks like a Chinese national team uni with that color scheme.
Nicely done.  I would like to see the design on the Warrior kits stand out a bit more, though. 
Damn these are so dope. Both the Grizz and Pacers ones are awesome.
Love this! So much better than the pajama-looking unis they've been breaking out. 
Kings, Grizzlies &amp; Pelicans I like
Well fucking done.
Time for PCMoD, amirite?
Amazing.
Damn, I love the Suns home jersey
Utah Jazz looks like the Boca Jrs one
This would be awesome for us Euro's. 
Suns and Spurs uniforms are so rad.
these are amazing
These need to be sold!  I'm a grown man, I'm not wearing a basketball jersey around town, but I would wear one of these regularly.

Nice job.
Utah blue looks like a Boca Junior shirt : gorgeous.

Some of those would look great with collars, especially those with horizontal stripes like the Phoenix purple to go for that polo look.
Would buy all of those 10/10
Lacks giant sponsor logos, everything but the Kings home jersey look naked. 
Wow.
Bravo Alex :)
Awesome work man! I would rock the white mavericks jersey for sure
I love them. Not for playing basketball but to support your team these look amazing. Great job.
Amazing work, man.
These are so sexy!
/r/streetwear would fuck with these
Why is some random dude online's designs for soccer jerseys better than basically all the MLS jerseys...
Great job man.
Look really cool, but I don't see a Pistons one :D
The rockets and pelicans unis are sick. The warriors seem a little too basic
These are really dope, but my Spurs got the most boring ones :(

Would love to see one with the "fiesta" colors
Please crosspost with /r/mls.
Few things:  love the "button up" look in the Houston white jerseys; love the crown from the Kings purple shirt spreading into the shirt; but god almighty do I love the Pellies home blues.  These all look great.
this is what the sleeved jerseys should be

grizz should give hornets their colors back

rockets and kings are my favorites
Love
Blazers alternate 3rd kits would have Rip City.
So is there a way to actually buy these 
nba is going to steal this idea and run with it lol.
Why are they Nike? 
Honestly picking up Diaw in 2012(?) may have been the second best move the Spurs made post 2010. After Trading for Kawhi, of course
You are the Dancing Bear, young and sweet, only 33

Dancing Bear, feel the beat from the pump and fake

You can dance, you can dive, having the time of your life

Set that screen, watch that cut, digging the Dancing Bear
That guy in the crowd calling for the travel lol
It bothers me more than it should that Bobo didn't crack the top 100 in any of those nba player rankings. There aren't many in the 75-100 range that I'd take over him.
How many players in the whole league have the skill, vision and confidence to pull off a backdown from the three point line? It's not a lot, and most of them are way bigger stars than Boris. I love him.
In the 4th quarter, he realized he had a smaller defender on him and did a backwards drive from the 3-point-line: https://streamable.com/24tu
"And when you look at Boris Diaw and what he's done to this franchise he's changed everything. We celebrate his brilliance and when you talk to Boris Diaw you realize what a classical human being he is. It was 201 years ago today, Beethoven's Symphony No. 3 in Eflat, which shuffl-, sh-, sh-, which escorted in the age of Romanticism in music. And when I think of Boris Diaw, I think of Beethoven and the age of the Romantics. This guy has it all."
That was probably the most Spurs one player play to ever be played ever. Jesus Christ I mean the fundamentals, the lack of flash while still having some semblance of flash. That steaks hot and ready but goddamn the thing never once sizzled.
Im in love with the BoBo
Boris' rhythmic post moves are what Timmy is describing to Tiago in [this classic gif.](https://cdn3.vox-cdn.com/thumbor/VcNIPU6kT9WJEXvfB8wnbwVCHSs=/cdn0.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/3536588/sag_gif.0.gif) 
Other than maybe Steph, I can't think of one other player I enjoy watching play more than Boris Diaw. His game is beautiful.
anyone got video of that play late in the 4th where he used the booty to full effect?
Ginobili is still my favorite Spur ever but Boris quickly climbed to #2. I love when we run out the Diaw-Ginobili-Mills lineup because you know there's gonna be some fluid ass offense 
Boris has been amazing so far this year, he's like a Braavosi water dancer in the post.
boris is just. so. useful. there's no situation where he can't make a positive contribution.
[With sound](https://streamable.com/qvh4)
Ah the Cream Shake
[We didn't need this but we have it now.](https://gifsound.com/?gfycat=SilverDefenselessEyas&amp;v=GaazK61cC9k)
That was pretty
Imagine if he ate right and worked out. He could have been an all-star many times over, running the point or being a dominant point-forward with his height and skillset. I guess being a lesser millionaire and enjoying yourself in the off season is chill, too...
His resurgence with the Spurs has just been plain old fun to watch.
I always love spotting the people motioning the travelling call when absolutely no travel was made.
lmao at the old white dude in the back with his arms crossed, starts doing the traveling motion on Diaw's up and under
This guy is the ultimate role player. He not only plays his role, he flashes out moves that some of the best players in the NBA can't even do. 
watching boris diaw should be mandatory for aspiring post players.
everytime I see Diaw dribbling around slicing through defenses I hear the dr. zoidberg sound in my head
always some dumb motherfucker in the crowd calling travel on step through type of plays


http://i.imgur.com/0CgNtpE.gif
if only dwlight howard could do that 
Even Jahlil Okafor was like... teacccchhh meee thattt. 
can someone edit the basketball out of this, would be sick interpretive dance
damn that dudes got feetwork.
Poetry in motion
my love for boris knows no bounds.
He looked like slightly fat Paul Pierce with fancy footwork.
Boris makes me question the laws of physics. Seems impossible that a man of that stature can move so gracefully. 
ugly, ugly,...oooo, nice.... daaaaaaaaaaamn that was a right handed throwing back left.... I didn't know Diaw was so pretty! Nice plant foot too. 
Sprinkles. 
poor ed davis never had a chance
[deleted]
better than the nae nae
"Here Ed Davis, I'm going to take your lunch money, and then I'll proceed to purchase my daily big mac with said money."- Probably what Boris said after scoring.
He's been so good this year
The part I like the most about this is he didn't travel. The travel no calls in the nba hurt my soul. 
Check Portland's assistant coach writing down something right away.

*Don't let fat boy dance all the way to the hoop*
that man in the stands really wanted the travel call.
lol, I could watch this all day.
That was actually pretty good D from Portland, right up until he went for the shot fake. 
Lol at the fat guy at the top of the screen doing the traveling signal
thats how i do  a pump fake
Unstoppable.
I still cannot for the life of me understand how someone like Boris Diaw is so skilled and graceful.
When you remember that the average guy in the NBA is around 6'8", this stuff is incredible...
the two guys in the crowd making the traveling motion obviously have no clue what a travel is 
Pivot..PIVOT&gt;&gt;&gt;PIVOT!
Smooth af
RIP #17.
Hey thats how I play basketball 
There was a similar moment late in the 4th when Diaw Posted up from 3pt, backed down the defender one dribble at a time, all the way to the basket for a layin
Buttered Baguettes! 

Just watched the Dirk and Holger documentary the other day, and this reminds me of the scene where Holgers friend is playing Jazz in the gym and everyone is just dribbling around to the music. There is actually a [short clip](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tnbguU38DUc) but itdoesn't show the best part. 
Someone needs to edit the ball out of this gif
The up and under when preformed correctly just looks so pretty. It's so simple and just makes defenders look bad.
Boris is such a boss.
As graceful as a ballerina.  Go Sper Go!
When a play is so good, you see it live and know it will be on reddit. This.
I wonder what that Ass. Coach was writing down as soon as he saw Diaw scored.
Lol at the lone fat homer in the background signalling its a travel. 
He has the higher basketball IQ in NBA
Looks like my fatass at the YMCA schooling all the youngins.
According to Highkin, Pop goes on to [say](https://twitter.com/highkin/status/671473180704432128): "He brought it night after night. He wanted to destroy everyone on the court. A lot of guys don't know about that mentality."
That's probably the best tribute anybody can offer Kobe lol
A majority of coaches probably have similar memories
Pop had defensive schemes to neutralize *everyone but* Kobe.

Such dynamite performances against the Spurs &amp; Bowen/Finley whoever the fuck was put on him. Complete player at his best. 
Wrecked us in 2001 and 2008 especially.
Kobe is 18-12 vs the Spurs in the playoffs.
ahh the 2008 playoffs against the spurs were epic.
[I'll never forget this series](http://www.basketball-reference.com/playoffs/2001-nba-western-conference-finals-lakers-vs-spurs.html). Kobe has been an absolute monster and it's sad people have already forgotten about how great he truly was. Saw a Sixers fan on here earlier cherry-picking a bad play to say Kobe would have no impact as a mentor for youngsters lmfao....

People who think Kobe was merely riding on Shaq's coattails for the first three rings are sorely mistaken.
Kobe was 4-2 in playoff series against pop. 
For Kobe, that's probably the nicest thing Coach Pop could have said about him.
Am I the only one that's in complete denial this is actually happening. It wasn't that long ago he was just carrying the Lakers during 2013 season making explosive plays until his injury. I can't believe it....I can't believe it.
4-2 against the Spurs in the Playoffs. 
not trolling..but i remember a long stretch where the spurs couldnt beat the lakers in a playoff series. that was an amazing feat by the lakers
Love how all the sports subreddits are full of people that seem to personally know the mentality, emotions, and disposition of all the players in the league.

EDIT: Everybody saying Tim Duncan isn't cutthroat in competition are crazy. I've watched literally thousands of Spurs games and the guy is stone cold. He is a high level assassin who feasts on the blood of his adversaries. A lot of you muthafuckas seem to be confusing him with David Robinson. 
He is like the Yin to Yogi Berra's Yang. 
Popovich keeping it real.
so paul pierce is a fun guy?
Great 'Fuck You' from Pop.   
No, Paul Pierce is the truth
Kobe was the Spurs killer, man.

He probably couldn't have taken them in '06 or '07 on his own, but damn he would have made it at least interesting.
This is actually pretty funny. Nice going, ESPN.
thats actually pretty hilarious
I wish Sal was more into basketball. Would love his outlook on the NBA. Joe House has been spectacular on the new pod though, definitely my favorite guest now.
&gt; @JamesAndrewMiller ESPN has suspended Cousin Sal for 3 weeks without pay, he will not receive paycheck before Christmas

/s
Man...I've never seen what Sal looks like in real life before, and that wasn't what I was expecting in the slightest bit.  I'm actually stunned.  
I love that original ESPN logo.  It' just so...70's...
Cousin Sal is my favorite Simmons guest. 
Thats pretty funny. I wanna give espn credit for coming up with this but I think it was Cousin Sal's idea. But good on espn for going along with it.
Did that actually happen?
Shout out to ESPN for making a great joke.

Also, how are people even questioning that this is a joke? It is, very clearly.
Good job by you Billy!
Seems like a gag Sal would come up with himself. All in good fun.
Heh heh heh.  Funny stuff. I like how ESPN is poking fun at themselves.
This seems to happen more than it should. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BuM1xadb4jw
Look, I just wanted to say about the decision-
https://media.giphy.com/media/10Gp0wzMg4LB0A/giphy.gif
That was much funnier than I expected. Love Cousin Sal. 
I don't get  it :(
Was a joke
That's what cousin sal looks like? Really?
BILL SIMMONS GOOD ESPN BADDD
Okay have to give ESPN probs, that was pretty good
I thought Cousin Sal would look Italian.
Bill Simmons is the Chris Benoit of ESPN.
Pretty based tbh
Cousin Sal is so great. Everything he does on tv/podcast I enjoy.

If you gamble, listen to their podcast and bet the opposite way of what they pick (besides the obvious ones like a Pats win)
oh, I thought it was going to be an actual technical difficulty. This is just tongue in cheek humor. Meh
Moments earlier Cousin Sal's prop bet was that MNF would be decided in the last 2 minutes and he was talking about how ESPN probably won't appreciate it but you don't even have to watch the game. Just turn it on for the last two minutes that's it there's no need to watch the rest. Then he started to list what else you should watch besides MNF and the same technical difficulties thing came up
ESPN trying to become Fox Sports Live.. smh
Waaaaait a minute... Is this... Real? My first thought was "Haha, funny edit"
hahaah Fuck ESPN
this is a joke, right?
Can somebody's day explain this to me? I guess I'm not nearly as up to date with the sports world as I used to be. Who is a Bill Simmons and why was his name covered up as a joke?
Gives him more attention than if he had just said "Bill Simmons"

Now people look up what got censored
For someone who really don't understand Bill Simmons was fired by ESPN. He started his own podcast. Therefore it is not allowed to say his name on a ESPN show, thus the technical difficulties.
Good job by you, Rappy.
Damn I was hoping it wasn't a joke
I wish /r/NBA could do this. 
That was great, and honestly I wouldn't be surprised if it was planned by Sal
Well played, ESPN.
ESPN has been dropping straight fire for the last few days or something. Whoever they added, he's definitely getting my MVE vote.
Does anybody have mirror?

Doesn't load for me =\
The 8 bit please stand by is hilarious. 
I'm gonna go the opposite direction of this thread and say this was kinda dumb. "Never heard of him" fucking really. Die espn 
obviously a joke
why is espn mad at bill simmons again? i forgot
but honestly this is the opposite effect. now we are all talking about bill simmons. 
Never heard of him.

That was a brilliant line afterwards haha. 
Wow, I can't believe that is real.
explains why the lakers are holding on to scott

they dont want to hire a new coach because kobe will be taking over soon
lol the fan in the first row
I love how Scott is staring in as if he's intently learning.
http://i.imgur.com/MKETtWB.jpg
If only Kobe could handle the rotations.......
Meanwhile sacre found Waldo
That fan be shouting "KOBE!" 
"alright, just give me the ball here"
Just give the ball to black jersey kobe
Did anyone see LeBron last night dominate the huddle? Blatt looked like he was gonna go out and run LeBrons gameplan. The greatest players have the right to take over the huddle 
Let's be honest: Kobe has the highest basketball IQ in that entire organization.
"Pass. Me. The. Ball."
It was a really complicated play, so Byron couldn't understand it 
Well he IS already being paid enough for a player and a coach... Fuck it fire Byron!

Everyone knows Kobe could do it.
To be fair kobe has more knowledge of the game than at least most of the coaches in the game
Just make him player/coach already lol
How hard is it to draw up an Iso to yourself? 
So I'm gonna inbound it to me, pass it to De'Angelo who will feed it to me in the post, and we'll score.  Everyone else go home and think about what you did wrong.
Kobe does not have the patience to coach 
You should credit to /u/edwardfortehands. I believe he was the one who shot this
I really hope Kobe stays in the NBA scene, as coach or TNT commentator, fuck ESPN.
And here's Manu drawing up a play and winning the game:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WzGY9aAdgmQ
You know I like it when coaches don't feel stepped on when presented with ideas from players. It shows trust and understanding and not "I'm the boss you only listen to me!"
Can anyone imagine Kobe being a coach for the Lakers after his retirement?
When people say (in this post) Kobe will retire next year, I will say this again, he will be playing until he is 40.
If this was the Cavs and LBJ was doing this the media would be going crazy. 
"Just pass me the ball and get out of my way."
He's drawing up a play for that dude with the black jersey on. 
Drawing up the game losing play
"You're all going to pass me the ball and draw your man to the 3 point line so I can iso, k?
This is starting to enter the realm of art. 
Dat cheerleader ass doe
Did it work? Is there a video of the play?
to be fair the spurs do this too.  this is probably a case of a different means towards different ends, but it's absolutely common place for Manu or Tony to draw up plays.

just saying that this isn't inherently a bad thing.
It's probably "Give me the ball and get out of the way."
Kobe's just spicing things up for [documentary footage](http://nesn.com/2015/11/kobe-bryant-hired-full-film-crew-to-document-season-in-case-he-retires/)  

"...enough was enough, Kobe knew it was his time to take over as head coach"
I always thought that they should have made Kobe the coach instead D'antoni. It would have made him a more team player by default and possibly the GOAT if he could have coached him and Dwight to a ring. In another reality I know that happened.
Coach Bean. Make it so.
this is the best thing ive ever seen
Heh cuckolded
tank mode again
imagine if Kobe became the coach after retiring
I hope he goes into being an analyst. 
When Lin was with the Rockets he use to do this to McHale all the time.
https://youtu.be/WZMBeEMBz30
Coach Vino. 
yikes...well at least he's doing something
Nothing new, Kobe has done this in the past even while Phil was in LA
Coach Kobe #dominatecoaching
You could draw up a tic-tac-toe board to put your Xs and Os and it'll still be better than whatever Scott draws up. 
Coach kobe sounds so good. Make it happen 
KOBE!
Coach K
That's the sign of a stable winning basketball franchise.(Not really)
Now I know why they're 1-8.
When Jeremy Lin did this last year Byron Scott unleased the fury of the ass splinters on him the rest of the season. 

Pretty sure all BS will do this time is ask Kobe how many shots he wants.
Probably for the best.
"I don't care if this motherfucker sinks to the bottom.  I don't care if we're fucking drowning in five minutes. At least TRY to get these fucking dishes clean? And would it kill you to work a little harder on your attitudes?"  -If Kobe was captain of the Titanic.
"I'm going to bring the ball up the court. You guys stand here, here, here &amp; here. Get ready to crash the boards."
And people say the Kings are the biggest shit show? Yeah.
He could have been "Coach 2K"
Why doesn't he just look into coaching? I understand it's hard for him to accept his time is over as he's dedicated his life to the game, but rather than go out barely hanging on, end on a good note and start coaching.
What's with the long sleeves, Kobe? Is it because old people don't like the cold weather? /s
If there ever were going to be a player/coach, it would be Kobe.
i enjoy the lakers in total free fall. 
He's gonna send you a shirt with the logo you made lol
You have officially passed the "we made it stage".
I'm onto you, /u/thesportsguy11.
Evan Turner. 1 cool dude. 
Dude that's awesome. Make sure you update us if he really does send stuff (not that I think he's lying, but there's a chance people who say they're gonna send stuff online don't end up doing it)
Fuck that gear, better ask him to break bread. 
I've been loving the /u/80sheets Saga from the start!
[What I interpreted he was sending you from the title](http://www.poker-babes.com/poker/changing-gears/Poker-Gears.jpg)
That's really cool, I don't think his intentions were to steal your work like the reddit lawyers say. 
YOU

MOTHAFUCKIN

MADE IT

FAM

don't forget us. send home a hooker or ten.
that's fucking sick, dude
Keep us posted ;] Grats!
what do they do with authentic jerseys? throw them away after every game?!?!
Why did my sister dump him :(
Probably goes without saying, but you should post the stuff ya get :D
lupet mo pare! :)
niiiiiice
You'll need those gears to craft some new mods on your gun
Anybody care to breakdown what this is about? 
lucky!
"I got u" is like the most comforting thing one human can say to another
Evan Turner: people's champ. Now that, I can get behind, at least. 
Can someone break down the full timeline of events here? I've only seen sporadic posts.
Well. You are a legend... But why the Cavs? I mean come on... :D
Evan turner is a better person than a basketball player
So this thing is still going on and I keep wondering, why is that logo so attention worthy? I don't see it. 
OP, as a fellow Filipino, pls update us if he does deliver.
We're happy for you, OP. It's not everyday that you get this sort of interaction with NBA players!
awesome!
Someone with the backstory on this plz?
Maybe he's not a Villain after all.
He ripped you off lol
Alam na this. Haha
He's sending you a potato. 
This is awesome man! Really cool that he's contacted you, let us know what ya get! :P
Sorry,I may sound stupid but What kind of "gears" is he sending?? 
Does it bother anyone else that he said "your" and then "u"?
SWEET! POST PICS!
Evan Turner pacer jersey
im starting to like ET alot now. playing good and being reddit cool. was on the trade him side for a while
What is your twitter?
Your from Ph? Lol gonna take some time before it arrives.
I'm a fifteen year illustrator in the apparel industry for people like Nike and Burton. This is bullshit and you should get royalties.
lol send him some lechon, sarsi, nagaraya, and cornick 

there's not a lot of filipinos in boston; in my brief stay there the only ones that were there were myself and the rest of the bachelor party
Hope he knows where the Philippines is. :) #bantz

Galing mo Kababayan!
https://twitter.com/iMarcLoL/status/536442934372347904 i cant fuck with evan turner after what he said to me a few years ago. dude is racist towards asians :\
Post mo sa /r/ph yung gear. :p
Ikaw na! Bigyan ng Jacket!
'I'm in Phillipines....still ok...??'

ET be like - *shiiieet, gotta fed ex it now*

'Yeh i got you fam'
Mabuhay ang pilipinas lol
why do u talk to him like he's superman on a pedestal he's just an average nba player
Make sure it's the newest gears of war
Porzingis is the complete package. The man knows how to ball and spit fire 🔥
God that kid pissed me off. This is my favorite Porzingis moment so far.
And I have you tagged as saying "kristas sucks cause he's european" on the draft thread

Not like your statement was much better 
Draft criers turn to jersey buyers
I am in love
"Screams from the haters//got a nice ring to it//I guess every superhero need his theme music."
Nobody in NYC has been ethered this bad, since Nas ethered Hov
That kid doesn't deserve a Zinger jersey
i dont doubt it. that kid seemed like a total dickrider
Can someone link me a video to the kid crying?
["Oh who knows maybe one day that kid will have a Kris Porzingis jersey."](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A7n17170nQw&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=4361)
Happy for Knicks fans. God-Speed.

That little kid was such a jerk.
It seems like KRS-6 just took in everything about draft night, and is using it to fuel the fire.

Fans boo? Fine. Kid crying like a bitch? Go ahead. Three teams passed on him? No problem. No one expects him to contribute? Okay.

He lets his game do the talking.
Fuck that little kid, recording himself "crying" on his phone, that was just unnecessary 

Also: REKT
[Beg for the mercy of Kristaps](http://i.imgur.com/KLrXasP.webm)
His shit talking is straight fire. Love the kid
CAN THIS MOTHER FUCKER DO ANYTHING I DON'T LOVE
Kristaps is an example of the beast KG was talking about.
http://youtu.be/v5d44YkprWQ
What player did the fans want the Knicks to draft for them not to boo? 
I love how this small moment turned into the one thing we can all bond over.
This kid has star potential on the court and he already has an amazing media persona to match. Gotta love it.
Post Porzingis, get karma. Not that I'm not complaining. 
KP is a little bit like KG. I love it. 
The one time he comes on ESPN NY radio and I'm in a different country :/ 

Listen to that station all day, never use the nice car stereo for music, just ESPN NY, and I miss my boy on it. 

0/6 Vacation ruined.
[Here it is, after searching the entire thread you found it!!!](http://newyork.cbslocal.com/2015/06/26/knicks-fans-boo-porzingis-draft-video/)
I'm so torn. On one hand Porzingis seem like a cool due=de and really fun to root for. On the other hand, fuck the Knicks. I really don't know.
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahah
WOW GUYS hindsight really is 20/20

Everyone is hating on the kid but let's not forget the complete outrage Knicks fans were having on this sub the day he was drafted. The only difference is you didn't get caught on camera taking a selfie. And all of the non Knicks fans were absolutely tearing the Knicks a new one with constant ridicule. 
I'm not fellating KP as much as my fellow Knicks fans are and NBA fans are in general but this kid gets it.  As much as I hate the word, homie got that swag.  I just hope for his own sanity he's able to keep up this Jeter-like worship he's garnered up until this point.  
this symbolized the attitude shift of knicks fans towards kris
Everyone is bashing the little kid...but IIRC it was his bitch ass dad starting the booing and getting his kid to chant "we want winslow"

So I agree, fuck the kid, but let's not forget, fuck the dad too
Damn that's awesome 
Every time I think I can't love Porzingis even more he keeps proving me wrong. 
Wont be surprised if hes on here.
Man I really like this guy. And the fact that he got booed on draft night has everything to do with it. I can't root against someone who started out with his own fan base rejecting him. 
Kristaps need to record a diss track about that kid. It'll be a Porzingdiss track
Savage.
See what Porzingis does to people, he helps them cheer for the Knicks again.
Anyone have a link to the picture??

Then again, there's a long track record of the beast KG was talking about.
The kid was upset cause his Dad didn't get what he wanted. Dad must be an NBA GM. 
Is it possible to hate Porzingis? He seems like a really good and funny dude
What sucks is because of that dumb kid and a few others, everyone assumed all Knicks fans hated the pick which wasn't true.  There were a lot of us who supported the pick that night.
Pics or didn't happen. 
Ohh I used to love T-Mac and Yao on the kid to die in shame.
this sub realizes that kid is 8 years old right?
this guy is handing out ethers like they're nothing!
On one hand Porzingis seem like a entitled little drama queen who judged a player but hate the team.
Knicks fans are and NBA fans are and NBA fans are and NBA fans are and NBA fans are in general but this got my justice boner hard.
Actually all of the harsh judgment.
A zinger by the Zinger
People get so stupid on draft night. After watching the nba since the 80s, you just never know how good or bad any draft pick will be. You never know for sure.  Just gotta be patient and see what happens in the games. And what we see is a star being born
Knicks fans did KP dirty on draft night, there were more audible boos than any other pick that night.

Of course, the bandwagon is real. Now that it's clear KP is one of the best players (if not the best) of his draft class, those same fools are buying jerseys.
You guys really need to chill. Hating on the kid? Like, are you serious? Assuming shit? What if he was just really wanted another player and was rooting for his team to get that player, what if he followed that player throughout college and wanted him, and was sad when his team chose someone he didn't know? He's a kid, kids do stupid shit, now stfu.
Seriously?!

I can't find this jersey in a youth size anywhere.
Requesting the draftday Godzingis
All hail Porzingod, /r/nba's new lord and savior
Can't sack-tap the Kristap
Good for you Knicks. I thought Mudiay was going to be your pick. Hopefully Russell can put it all together and hopefully the pinnacles of the east and west can meet in the finals   
Whew, getting a little kid for being just that; a little risque for /r/NBA in here.
Oh my gosh, I am so ready for the circlejerk over Porzingis to be over.
DAE PORZINGIS? XDDD
YUNG KRIS!!!!!! HE LOVES HIP HOP I NAME HIM YUNG KRIS!!!
Just another idiot fan who thinks he knows more than the front office
#topbantz
Absolutely hilarious.
r/SexyPage/
This dude has swag on top of swag
Kristapsironi CHEESE!!!!!!!!
More like PorZINGis, amirite?
*Hedo from the otherside*
Ball.
End of an error
Not just the NBA but all of basketball. Never again will Hedo touch a ball till the day he dies 
Helped us rob NBA fans of the chance to see a Lebron vs Kobe finals. Ty hedo
People also forget he was on those really good Kings squads with C-Webb and Bibby. He was a good player, and people need to realize that even if he was a dick. Sure, he got caught for PED's, but the NBA's anti-doping policy had a ton of loopholes at the time he was caught, so it could be a little blame on both sides. He also forgot how to get in shape in LA, but he was the first Turkish NBA player. We have to assume he paved the way for other Turkish guys like Mehmet Okur, Ersan "Turkish Zombie" Ilyasova, and Omer Asik to come over and play. That has to applauded despite his shortcomings.
I guess I'm supposed to say something nice, but Hedo was kind of a dick who brought ugly politics into basketball and also got caught using PEDs.

So good job Hedo, enjoy your retirement as much as I will.
cut up a slice for ones homies
Now he can continue his career as the best party animal
I'll miss his sweet pick and roll play with Dwight, back when Dwight was still likable.
I loved watching this guy during the Cavs Magic ECF. That block to seal the series was awesome. 
Turkey Glue! RIP that brawler 2000's King's bench. 
His brief stint on the Suns is the biggest WTF of my years spent watching our team. Easily the definition of, "*that* guy played for *that* team?". 
What's with the "ball"? I'm a bit out of the loop here, sorry
enjoy your retirement you weird ass hand licker. http://youtu.be/NwGiJDCd8oU
well I remember he had a buzzer beater 3 like 7 years ago when on the magic so that's nice thanks man 
Finally Jalen can retire.
I'll never forget all the sprite and pizza pizza endorsement commercials when he was on the Raptors. Basically just him eating pizza and drinking sprite, which summarizes pretty nicely the effort he put in for the Raps... 
Wow didnt know this many people hated him here. His career went downhill after Toronto move thats for sure, but he was a legit player and crucial piece for Magic between 07-09. Guess nobody watched nba back then here. Anyways, regardless of his personality, he will always have a special place for me because he was the best player ever from my country. 
Good. I wish every day you hadn't changed your mind from Portland you asshat.
Anyone talking shit about Hedo (other than Raptors fans) can get the hands.

NOOO WHY TURKEY GLUE WHY?!?!?
Does this mean Jalen Rose is retiring his hopes of a comeback?
Damn, time really flies. I still remember the days he played for Sacramento.
Pizzas for EVERYBODY!
Great, now he can eat his Pizza Pizza and drink his Sprite without his coach nagging him.
My all time favorite, for whatever reason.  I'll treasure my Hedo #15 Finals jersey forever.
I will always remember him as that dude who took PEDs, balled out, and ruined my chance to see a LeBron vs Kobe finals.
Hedo was the first NBA jersey I ever bought. Gonna miss him
Ball. 
Ball.
Apparently he played in 997 games. Kinda wish he'd play 3 more to get that 1000.
A one of a kind player in his prime on the Magic. Could play the 3 or 4 and run the offense as well. Great shooter. Maybe hung around a year or two too long.
I'll always remember him for his 09 run with Orlando. He was the best offensive player on that championship runner-up team.
At least this time he's not doing it halfway through the second quarter.

Clippers' all time 3PT% leader, Hedo Turkoglu.
This made me look up some of his Magic highlights, and I came across this hilarious compilation of [Stan Van Gundy being disgusted with Turkoglu's made threes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Owi62unJUpo). Classic Van Gundy
I was wondering why a post of Hedo Turkoglu retiring got 500+ comments and 1600+ upvotes. The comments are mostly shitting on him too.
Man he was raw on that magic team. Should had came back in 2010 to help them out against Boston. Instead of getting greedy and going to the raptors.  Because after that, he was never the same 
shoulda made the All Star team that one year, dude could hoop. Ball.
I wasn't sure what to expect all those years ago when he signed with Toronto. He did have like a few good games? 

Also obligatory: Ball

Have fun Turk
ball
Ah turkoglu. should've retired years ago. he has that 'old man' vibe that made me feel really sorry for him when he broke his back in the playoffs a couple of years ago
Ball 
End of an era
who do? Heee do!
If he kept in better shape he might have still had a couple years left in him. 
This is the way the Hedo ends.  Not with a party size meat lovers, but with an individual cheese slice.
All of a sudden Hedo was standing right next to me this summer at Eurobasket. He seemed to be a pretty nice dude. All the best for you, Hedo!
An integral piece to those Dwight led Magic teams.
Turkadodo*
The only thing I liked about him was rooting against him, so at least there's that. 
Dude was a dick to Kanter and stopped him from getting on the national team.
Honestly, I didn't know he still played.
http://www.sportsnet.ca/basketball/nba/five-hedo-turkoglu-moments-raptors-fans-wont-forget/
* [She's a Turkoglu](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wiWRsSuW4iE)
* [Hedo (Hello)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R74A_167K68)
I forgot that Hedo was a thing.
He's coming back to Sac to join Vlade and Peja in the FO &amp;#3232;_&amp;#3232;
Ball.
"Hedo, how do you feel about your basketball career and what are your plans post retirement?"
Hedo: "Ball." 
Hedo Turkey Glue
HE WONT BE GETTIN DEM CHECKS NOW BRUH
Goodbye Turkey Glue.
My favorite Hedo memory is Mike Tirico pronouncing his name "Heko Turkoglu"
Still got him as my flair! 
I'll always appreciate you, you beautiful bastard.
Congrats Hedo. You and  your freaking Magic team robbed us of a Kobe and LeBron dream match up in the finals.
This man stole money from Toronto. 
I think basketball retired from Hedo a few years ago.
I remember how he torched the Cavs in the 2009 ECF. Dude had a smooth shot and unique skillset.
I'm so disappointed the first post here isn't "Ball". Guess that's a realgm thing.
Portland should send a thank you card to Toronto every year for signing this dope and not drafting Lamarcus.
Kind of a dick. Didn't want humor me before a flight and take a picture at sac international. Peja was down though, Hedo just pretended to not understand.  I was 16 and impressionable, which means I rooted against him for over a decade. 
Nice, peace out Hedo I won't miss you at all you dick
They need to get that [short-sleeve, too tight undershirt](http://img.bleacherreport.net/img/slides/photos/003/982/045/hi-res-47ef80ebca1446aece5192498215ed9f_crop_north.jpg?w=630&amp;h=420&amp;q=75) in the rafters of the Staples Center ASAP!
Did not realize Hedo was not his real name.  

Hope he enjoys his second career as an X-Wing pilot.
I feel like this happened the same day he signed his contract with us but maybe I'm wrong
Although his Toronto days were pretty disappointing. His Magic days were a joy to watch. I loved that 09 team so much.
It feels like it was just yesterday when he showed up to training camp with a nose job and pieced ears.
His expression in the picture they used is just perfect.   He literally looks like he just got done announcing he's retired.
Finally
;-; gnight turkeyglue
Ten years ago he was a great fantasy player. 
I think the NBA decided that about 4 years ago
Glad he was with us in '09 cause he really helped in the playoffs, he was fun in the old 2k games. After that trade though I wish he didn't come back. Too expensive and too washed up. 
pizza
Welcome to the Kings front office 
Nobody shoots like Hedo
:(
&gt;ball


Fairwell to the Michael Jordan of Turkey
Was he on a roster?
Hedo almost ran me over in the parking lot of the RDV Sportsplex in Orlando FL.

His car was nice though.
For all the Blazer fans out there, "BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO."
Ball
Good riddance, now he won't infect the Turkish NT anymore
Mark Jackson on Hedo's block on Kobe in Game 2 of the 09 Finals...

"HeDO says...HeDON'T!"

Will forever remember Hedo for that. (And damn you Courtney Lee!)
I guess that Jalen can forget about his future comeback now that Hedo is gettin' them checks anymore
Like we ain't already made that decision for him
I'll never forget that 19 point game he had for us last season.He even dunked the ball in that game. 
"drinks u done had a few, you doing what u gotta do
not good, not bad, she a turkoglu
u would let her come on thru, as long as she dont tell the crew
not good, not bad, she a turkoglu
not wifey but she still would get the piping
and she claiming that she like me, i'm like "hey, dont sit beside me"
drinks u done had a few, doing what u gotta do
not good, not bad, she a turkoglu﻿"
I'll always remember when Guy Torre said he looked retarded but God changed his mind at the Emmitt Smith roast
No more ball
He's still playing? Can't say I really blame him. NBA minimum salary to ride the pine would totally be worth it. Regardless, Hedo had a great career.
Who-do? Hedo...:(
Loved that European-led Sacramento team in the 2000s, great games when they played the Mavs.

Bye Turboglu!

Who would have thought Hedo's retirement would lead to an education in Turkish politics?

I'll also remember him from his days on the Kings. Dude had no fear.
No disrespect to The turkinator, but he did PEDs like a year or two ago and still sucked lol
R.I.P.  Turkey glue.
I remember him killing us in the Eastern Conference playoffs during Lebron's first tenure here in Cleveland.  Thought he was already retired.
Primo stream guy must be a mess right now. He loved those pizza commercials with Turk. 
*breathes sigh of relief*
This is a lateral move for some bonehead Blazer fans. They now boo Aldridge every time he touches the ball instead of Turk. 
Ball
I'll always remember him because of the Dancing Hedo videos

https://vimeo.com/13329267

http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x2mlvob

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=827ySPOkmyY
See ya!
[Career threes.](http://imgur.com/R53JrQK) Woah.
ball
Always my favorite Hedo moment

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Kn39hgK564
Who?
I remember Stuart Scott talking about a clutch shot Hedo made during his Magic-era: "who knew? Hedo!"
Jalen you wanna give the people what they REALLY want?
I lost a shit ton of 2k games in college between me and my buddies because of this dude right here.
I will always remember my dad calling him Turka-shit and getting heated during our playoff games against the kings.

Good times.

All in all, he had a pretty long career and was a talented basketball player. Made a lot of clutch 3s and was a solid passer.
BOL
Prime Hedo in Orlando was a Bad Bad Man..

I was very upset when Rashard Lewis hit FA and signed with Orlando but fell in love with that team, Hedo had some moments. Vividly remember his Kings days 
I really liked him in his magic days.
He was one of the greatest Mr. Keep Getting Those Checks
Turkey-Glue!   I don't really like him as a player, but props and respect to an amazing career.  
Don't play. He retired *like* three years ago. 
Good for him, but I am never going to forget his fucking foul line jump shot against the Cavs in the playoffs years ago. I believe it was LeBron's last season on his first stint there. He RUINED MY LIFE!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iLZMBsaSTP4
This won't be relevant for a while, so might as well.
I will never miss having hedo in the nba
Fuck you for taking Lebron Kobe Finals from us!
He helped ruin our only shot at a Lebron-vs-Kobe Finals. Fuck that guy.
He was one of the least watchable players in NBA history.
TIL Hedo Turkoglu didn't retire like 10 years ago. 
My dad would always shout "Turkoglu" instead of "Kobe" when we'd play basketball.
I've got no way to prove this but I'll say it anyway. My mom used to live in the same fancy condo Hedo was staying in down in Orlando. She always spoke highly of him and he was apparently always very nice and well mannered toward her. She's become a real Magic fan over the past 10 - 15 years of living down there so good stories about Hedo were always nice to hear.
Dude averaged 20/6/5 for an entire season in which he played 82 games. He was one of the best big ball-handlers we've ever seen and ran the point  as well as any little guy we've seen. Apparently everyone's in-depth knowledge of internal Turkish politics is trumping his very unique set of basketball skills. He was an absolute delight to watch and he had a major effect on big men becoming more interested in ball-handling. 
Good riddance, fuck face. 
from a very bias Raps fan, he won't be missed.
Rip
Fuck you Hedo Turkey glue. You fucked the cavs up so hard that LeBron eventually left. Dick. 
no ring
no longer getting those checks
The reason we lost the 2007 ECSF to the Magic
I loved him best in his Sacromento Kings days with Vlade Divac and White Chocolate... he played the game he loved, kept his mouth shut, and the basketball cohesion that team had was something remarkable. I miss those days.
Hedo man. He was a beast in 2009 when he played for Orlando and they went to the Finals. They didn't understand that he was the MVP of that team next to Howard. When the Magic traded him away the next year that's the reason they didn't go back to the finals.

Hedo don't sell jerseys tho.
Turkoglu delivers!
Time for Jalen to finally hang them up 
Good riddance.
As if that wasn't decided already by everyone 
Ill miss you hedo. https://youtu.be/qk2-3vikD_8
My favorite Hedo moment was when I worked at a bar in San Antonio and he came in. There was a hostess there who he was interested in, he asked her out. She said she wasn't 18, which is true she was 17 but looked years older. He asked when she turned 18, she said next week. 'Well let's go out next week then' was his reply, she declined the offer. It was sweet, sweet justice watching him get turned down for all the times he let me down on the court. i loved watching you leave, Hedon't. Thanks for nothing. 



TL/DR: Hedon't can't even get high school chicks.
I wonder if Pop would notice if Kawhi switched from corn-rows to a mini-fro
Duncan needs to watch out for Tony Parker then...
Pop would be horrible at fantasy league
I can't fathom how the Spurs are going to continue after Pop and Tim move on :(
i was not expecting a graveyard at the bottom of this thread. 
"you never open the door for me"
For the love of Pop please don't retire. 
[Seeing these threads next to each other on the front page was confusing, to say the least.](http://i.imgur.com/76XlN5u.jpg)
dammit that actually made me laugh
lol he's not even actually married to him! Classic Pop!  
edit: my bad should have said something like "wen u realiz dat dese guyz will retire one dey :( 1 lyk-1prayer" instead
popzinger.^TM 
LOL
HAHAHA A POPOVICH QUOTE! He's just so hilarious!
I'm more entertained by the guy with the hat standing up and waiting for the moment he can give that sweet, sweet arm pump action.. Sitting back down. Standing back up and YEAH THERE WE GO.
pretty sure that was 5-7 offensive rebounds for drummond
And with this play, Drummond destroyed me in fantasy. 
I feel sorry for the statistician having to keep track of all those boards.
The recoil on Dre's jump is insane...the guy just keeps leaping. 
That's like a bunch of toddlers trying to catch a balloon at once. Adorable
And now you all know how Drummond gets 20 rebounds a game.
3:00	Ersan Ilyasova misses 6-foot jumper	43-47	 
2:59	Andre Drummond offensive rebound	43-47	 
2:59	Andre Drummond misses	43-47	 
2:58	Andre Drummond offensive rebound	43-47	 
2:56	Andre Drummond misses layup	43-47	 
2:54	Andre Drummond offensive rebound	43-47	 
2:54	Andre Drummond misses	43-47	 
2:53	Ersan Ilyasova offensive rebound	43-47	 
2:53	Ersan Ilyasova misses	43-47	 
2:49	Andre Drummond offensive rebound	43-47	 
2:49	Andre Drummond makes two point shot	45-47	
Do you know how badly I was hoping that they actually stopped playing basketball and actually started playing volleyball, like full on Bump-Set-Spike?

I know that would never happen, but man would it be entertaining.
Good rally team! 
The assistant coach with the fist pump knocking the papers out of another coach's hands.
and one of the questions about Dre going into the draft was his motor. NCAA clearly just wasn't really made for him.
Jabari wasn't gonna have any of that lmao
Midway through, did you get the feeling that the players forgot whether they were on offense or defense?
How entertaining. We need more of this. 
Drummond was just having fun doing a tipping drill.
Bucket hat kid had hope from the start that Andre would put that in.
Drummond deffffinately had a lift there. 
On a more serious note, how many rebounds was Drummond credited for in that gif?
Hehe, Monroe didn't box-out a single time!
Does the guy who runs houseofhighlights instagram page just sit on this subreddit and grab clips lol..
How many rebounds was that?
Poor guy that was writing the game log. lol
Jesus how many rebounds did Drummond get there haha 
waited too long for this thread
The poor shot clock guy 
so thats how drummond gets so many rebounds
I love the one where Dre gets 2 hands on it but can't get it in so he just chucks it back up like "lets go again guys!"
Is there a version with audio? I really wanna hear the audience's reaction
That went on much longer than I expected.
So what happened to the other 2 posts with this video? 
Twelve taps. 
Love the dude that knocked down the clipboard in excitement 
Man he needs to work on his setting form.
That's some 2k12 shit
Do those all count as rebounds? 
On this possession, Drummond had 4 offensive rebounds, 3 misses, 1 made bucket.  Ersan had 2 misses, 1 offensive rebound. 
Is Cousins subs any good though?
Someone infinite loop this.
This is why you box out...
and of course Drummond gets it.
[Grab it MoFUCKA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SpE3K4GnmZ8)

Credit to: Lamar Odom
9 shots on basket
That game is actually called Kangaroo when a basketball is involved. Funny none-the-less.
Can't only hit the ball 3 times before it is dead?
I remember NBA live 2004 you'd be able to do this. Square square square
funniest thing ive read today
ELI5: why is there no call for the 3-second rule?
What the fuck lol
Tip drill!
I love you Drummond. 
I remember spamming rebounds like this in NBA 2k My Player mode, I got rewarded more for that than setting good picks.
4 hours in and nobody notices, yall are getting sloppy

Watch the coach on the bench get his  clipboard get knocked out 

Edit: oh shit, and the guy and girl sitting next to the bench, sitting like awkwardly good Christians. 

I hope its not a 1st date
I'm sure most NBA players would be amazing at volleyball. It's a shame we'll never get to see it :(
Underrated reaction from the bench 101
haha pretty funny how  no one could get the ball.
That's some shit you do when you're 18 playing against 10 year olds at a park. 
44 point quarter? Nerf this team please 
You reach I teach
We're watching history this season. The Warriors this season, barring injury will be considered one of the best teams of all time. 

It's really cool to watch, and I'm not even a golden state fan. 
19 points and 6 assists in the first quarter. Jesus Dubs are amazing
Steph trying to retire Ronnie Price in his 11th year. 
that's why you don't press one of the best dribblers in the league at half-court
This might be the year where that asterisk Lebron has as the NBA's de facto best player goes away. I honestly think Curry has taken the mantle as the league's best player, bar none. LeBron may take it back, but it's not on loan anymore as it has been with other MVPs.
19 &amp; 6 is solid from a point guard for a game...it's incredible for a 1st quarter. I'm just so elated that this guy is on our team.
This is play of the year for 90% of the players in the league. Does this even rank remotely high for steph? He's insane 
Honestly, watching this, does anyone think KD can ever win a ring on OKC while Steph Curry is healthy and in his prime?
Ronnie Price burned twice. Ouch.
You reach; I teach. I pump; you jump.
A dagger through the chest in a "machine gun" quarter.
That's my favorite play of his this season. Where's the NSFW tag?
Steph is theatre. Some of his 3's aren't just 3's, they're an experience.
RIP Ronnie Price
Steph is on another level 
The usual Steph Curry. The kid is on another level, but I wonder what the reaction will be when Curry dunks though.
360 WIT DA WRIST BOI. 
I like how fans recognize the greatness of his current play despite allegiances at this point.
We are watching prime curry folks. Its last year. Its this year. 
Well, this game is over and so is the MVP race...Or well it never was a race.
Good lord man... It's not even fair at this point
look at the flick of the wrist
Luke Walton is just standing there the whole time like, "Alright. Cool, Steph. Nothing too impressive. You could do better." 
This is insanely nice but correct me if im wrong, did he not take 2 steps then stop?
Can anyone get me a gif of stephs behind the back pass to Draymond who sinks the 3? That was beautiful
Don't reach young blood 
Steph Curry for best injury surgery ever?
&gt;only does
Don't think you'll have to worry about that streak tonight lol
44 pt quarter with time to spare?  Par for the course with GSW...
[Reminds me of his filthy shot fake from the 2008 Sweet Sixteen game against Wisconsin.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B8NebXqBsto&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=43m43s) It made me an instant Curry fan. What a bad motherfucker.
fuck Lebron vs MJ debates, time for Curry GOAT debates. 
why was he reaching for a steal at half court? 
Honestly, Steph is playing like he's the best player in the world.
Go home #14
Curry just dangling bait in front of him
I feel like I need to watch this in slow motion. 
If they don't win another title this year I'll be utterly shocked.
And he starts walking back IMMEDIATELY. Absolutely filthy.
on track for 400 3's... that's ridiculous
It's a weird glorious time to be a Warriors fan. If the Raiders start making the playoffs I won't know wtf to do with my self.
Stage One: Really Ronnie Price? You think I'm turning the ball over at half court because you swiped?  I'll be going past you now.

Stage Two: Sure I have the lane, or I could pull up before you catch me.  But I know you're panicked.  Fake.

Stage Three: Ronnie you flew far.  Swish.
That title made me expect a close up of him chewing on his mouth guard.

What I saw is somewhat better.
His fundamentals on offence are just first world problems.
I thought it was going to be sitting on the bench with a 30-point lead.
He's reaching Bo Jackson Tecmo Bowl levels of ridiculousness. 

I like how the bench reacts like somebody just dunked on Shawn Bradley
goddamn. something something mlb: the show
Barring injury Curry is gonna be the MVP for sure. 
I feel like Doc Rivers has received at least one email that reads "Do you see what you've done to us? You did this Glenn!"
http://b.thumbs.redditmedia.com/upd-4UdF-u_huxSwX__sNL5hL1UNJB27yhiDjEvNjvs.jpg
Not even in his 11th year.
I'm new to basketball, did anyone think he was going to get that good 2 years ago? 
Were they playing in Golden State or Phoenix? The fuck?
Sitting in his wheelchair?
When they were healthy, the thunder beat the Warriors a run for their second unit extended time and it just seems unfair.
Dat release. 
One of the worst steal attempts I've seen in a while.
This is disgusting.

So how often does the defender fly from behind you as opposed to towards you on a pump fake?  Not sure I've seen that before
Curry is so fun to watch!
Golden State has a great home crowd. 
The suns change their court again? I thought they had the "suns" name on each side of the court.
I was there last night and it was the first game I've ever seen live! Crazy to watch what Steph Curry can do. Unreal at times
Does anyone else realize how loud the Phoenix crowd is cheering for Curry? Damn that must sting.
You reach, I teach.
i don't even wanna know what it would feel like to be playing with that much confidence. you can just feel it through the video
o mama
like a fish going after a lure...Curry is a monster
Not even fair. 
What kind of peanut butter does Steph eat? You better bet your ass it's smooth.

Edit: letter
Meh I do this to dudes all the time. Nothing special here.
I hope Curry keeps getting more arrogant and starts slipping by the time OKC finally plays them
Does this make anyone else just depressed?
They're still playing with a worse memory.
LeBron tweet: 

[Hahahaha! Man u boys on @NBAonTNT hilarious.  Oh ok Kenny,  thought u was my boy! Hahaha.  I didn't know u was tatted though.  Hahaha](https://twitter.com/kingjames/status/662454715054235648)
Inside the NBA is easily the GOAT show. They have so many memorable moments every single broadcast. 
Greatest sports show on earth. 
Russbrooks.
Much better than ESPN
Was expecting Kenny to accidentally flash his dick.
I always see people talk badly about Kenny but I think he's a great analyst and he's really funny. 
Lindsey Czarniak (sp?) did this on ESPN today with her dress and it was terrible
I love these guys so much
Lol ESPN did the same thing and everyone shit on them. This segment did a look a little less forced thought. 
Haha the guys laughing at him while he is doing it is hilarious
So much more entertaining than any NFL commentators
Did anyone else think he was going to untuck his shirt and in doing so, flash his dick?  Ala Lebron?
Inside the Nba &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; ESPN NBA Coverage


Saw this on Russillo and Kanell this morning. They had a soundbite of LBJ in regards to his sleeve ripping and Russillo gave us this. https://vine.co/v/eLrKaBqin73

Here's the full podcast: http://espn.go.com/espnradio/play?id=14061297
I wish I could afford to do that.. :3
Wtf is that shirt made of, paper? Or is Kenny just that much of a beast?
Laughed at some of the Baby _____  references
Laughed at some of the Baby _____  references
I was expecting a dick flashing was disappointed.
Lebron to TNT confirmed. 
I thought I was about to see the Jet's unit 
that screen would be glorious to play video games with
Thought he was going to whip his dick out. 
Showing them guns.
Espn wouldn't budget for extra sleeves. How hard is it to have a good sports program? And don't get me started on ESPN's new monday night football score slates. Or lack of slates
NBA on TNT has embraced the dank memes
😂😂😂 I love inside the nba. 
That was a quick upload! 
Thought he was gonna show his dong in live tv for a second
I thought pulling a Lebron would be Kenny flashing his penis on live TV.

I started getting nervous when he took off his jacket.
He totally sold me on that one.  I didn't know if maybe LeBron had guest-hosted a segment in the past and also had trouble with the replay controls.
corn
I thought he would flop and whine. 
It seems everyone is to follow *suit*
well memed
He looks like a homeless man
Obviously scripted, but still hilarious
So this is cool but when espn does it, it isnt?
Guess TNT can do no wrong in the eyes of /r/nba, even when they do the same thing as ESPN
Mona Lisa with an Etch a Sketch. Cavs announcers man
The Nets have come very close to beating the best team in each conference 
I WANT KAREEM WITH MY COFFEE

[It's that time...](https://streamable.com/lf8s)
http://i.imgur.com/vDrzQTO.gif
Wow. Left one second on. LeBum.
Dang that last shot by the nets almost went in too
Austin Carr nailed it - sloppy AF game, great finish.

Cept K Love, he brought it tonight.
[**Full sequence**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1FdVWiiS0ew)
Lebron scoring late-game show and then flies right back to D up.  Championship mentality.
A game winning running hook shot over a 7ft shot blocker

\#JustLeBronthings
/u/goran_dragic is a wizard, this went up before I even watched it happen. 
2 GAME WINNING SHOTS TONIGHT!!! **GET HYPED**
he is very very good
This Browns fans perfectly expresses how I feel 

https://youtu.be/HhW6nSLSq6Y
Just chucks it in like it's a pickup game
LeBron has for the most part shaken the "choker" label and people hardly make fun of him for it anymore, if at all. He was never really a choker if you're defining it beyond last minute shots and include the last few minutes  of close game, where he was among the best in the league. He has made soooooo many buzzer beaters in his time in the league. 
LeBron "Kareem Abdul-Jabbar" James, everybody... Get HYPE!
GOOD GOD
Almost a floater.  Baby hook?
Jack's heave at the end way damn close. Got me worried.
LeClutch
Really happy he put it on the floor instead of just putting it up.
M'lebron
this shit is exquisite.

for real.
*another one*
I was expecting his unstoppable move
Lechoke strikes again
that defense though
hnnnggggghhh that was nice
he went about half speed on that drive lol.

He is like, really is this the best defense you got?
I'm beginning to think LeBron post-2011 is the most clutch player in NBA history.
Hook game on fleek
I like how he doesn't celebrate after hitting the shot, he just instantly starts defending.
Yeah he isn't clutch at all.  Right skip bayless?
Lopez had a decent chance again to change the outcome of the game in the last seconds.
Game. Blouses.
cool but has anyone noticed there is a hd/sd switch on these gifs??
Me for the last ten years: "LeBron is amazing his dumbass just needs to realize he should use a hook shot. A hook shot is all he needs."

Me today: FINALLY
Porzingis would've dunked it.
I mean its Cleveland, right? Aren't they supposed to be the best team in the East? Only put up 90 on a garbage Brooklyn team, wow, amazing. 
That was a pretty ridiculous shot. Not something you usually see him do but you pretty much knew the result the minute it left his hand. He timed the execution perfectly too. Any sooner and the Nets had a decent chance to answer, any later (with that type of look) and you end up with a finger on the ball at the red. I think those sorts of details are things that don't show up on stat sheets but really are the basis of 'clutch'. A lot of players don't fear the last shot, but it takes a special player to work with the clock on the last shot the way Lebron did in this sequence. Just Lebron Things indeed. 


That was a beautiful shot. 
LeClutch at it again. Doesn't get more clutch than the king 
That was not a hook shot. It was a floater 
LETS GO LEBRONNNNNNN! BEST PLAYER IN THE NBA, TOO CLUTCH, BOOM.
Stupid sexy LeBron
It's good to be King
Scrub can't even hit the most beautiful game winner of the night, so unclutch
God damnit we just can't catch a break.

 Oh wait my apologies, we caught our break (thanks JR) but it doesn't matter because we can't hit a fucking shot at the end of games and it's downright infuriating.
cool
Watched this happen with the magic of smart phones in the dish pit at work. Got told to stay quiet due to my reaction.
God this pisses me the fuck off. The only good part about sucking is you get a lottery pick. But Nooo we fucking gave away our picks for jack SHIT. Fuck you bully king. Worst GM in the world. You must be giving the owner the greatest head every night to keep your job. You're a fucking moron. 
[Reminds me more of this actually.](https://streamable.com/5ss4)
If Jarrett Jack made that......
[bill right now](http://i.imgur.com/jY9fwi1.gif) (Celtics have unprotected pick from Nets in this years draft.)
gif credit: u/-MarcusD- 
LOL. Poor (Brook)lyn. 
this was rough...https://twitter.com/bballbreakdown/status/670796961709068288
Not even a hook shot, more like a floating leaner fadeaway shot put. Must have been working on it over the summer.
This is the most salty I have been about a Nets loss this season. Worst fucking officiating of all time.
hooked-N-cooked
Lebron scoring late-game show and then rimmed out a 50 footer.
You knew it was going in the moment it left his hand.
Honestly, it's REALLY nice to see Lebron do a move like this in this situation. For so long we've seen him settle for crazy jumpers or just go ham to the rim (the latter not working without the in air dexterity, ability to avoid contact, and finish like smaller players have).

Loved this move.
For some reason streamable always takes forever to load for me and it's really choppy. Anyone have a solution?
http://www.gfycat.com/FlimsySpitefulButterfly
Jarret Jack almost hit the half court shot immediately after
That's the best team confirmed?
Can't miss with those edges. 
Real game winning hookshot. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xHm3LNEYnKk&amp;ab_channel=BeyondtheSummit
That wasn't actually a hook shot but still awesome though.
Mo played really well in the dish pit at work.
Great play 
More like a running jump hook
That's not a hook shot!
That was the sickest hook shot i've seen in a long long time.
Worst GM in the 4th quarter.
Who was LeBron running towards?
VERY GOOD 2 GAME WINNING SHOTS TONIGHT!!! GET HYPED I'm sure they would've reviewed that play and it wouldnt have counted.
nice, but that wasn't a hook shot, he squared to the basket in the air
Remember when he was practicing his sky hooks on instagram like a year or two ago?? About time he brought it out
A game winning running hook shot but still awesome though.
Idk I'm sure the warriors game will also be a nail biter Which was the sickest hook shot over a 7ft shot blocker #JustLeBronthings Don't forget about Kareem...
WAIT WHY THE HELL IS NO ONE TALKING ABOUT HIS HEADBAND?


Why did the CAVS barely bet the NETS?  Aren't they on polar opposite tracks right now?
GIF Large  http://i.imgur.com/Yo9Ysbk.gif

Small  http://cdn.makeagif.com/media/11-29-2015/D5dZAD.gif

Medium  http://cdn.makeagif.com/media/11-29-2015/DuK1JR.gif
Nice unguardable shot, but not a hook shot. It's more like a one handed push.
After the shot he's running around looking for someone to chest bump with. 
I wouldn't say hook shot, more like a floater. 
Refs won this game for the Cavs. 2 clear LeBron fouls they didn't call in the final minutes of the match.

The hook was pretty badass though.
Terrible d from Lopez. Game has less that 5 seconds left and he is giving LeBron space? Yeah, protect the ring, but play the ball man!
So who gets the sidebar? Bron or Cojo?
This ought to make Skip Bayless happy. 
Once you hit 30, you resort to YMCA tactics.
Man streamable is fucking awful
LeBron can now retire a champion.
Lebron needed a screen for the game winning shot... He good but he not great #staymelo 
It's Lebron and he probably would have found the basket anyway, but what the fuck is that block by Thompson? Really are we to the point were you can just NFL block people, just don't use hands?

Really dumb decision by Thompson. Lebron would have killed him if ref called it
As a Celtic fan I cannot under sell how happy I am that he hit this shot.
Get back to me when the playoffs start.  I'll be impressed then.
[deleted]
Towns needs 11 points and 15 boards in 2 games to match him. hopefully he can
Am I so drunk that my beer has started talking to *me*?
The top picks in this draft class are all very impressive so far. The future seems bright lads.
I think that this draft will be considered the best since 03. 
Meanwhile in LA, D'Angelo Russell shot the ball a staggering *nine times* before being benched.
Great start. Towns should get there in his next two games too. 
If he can stay out of foul trouble, this guy will be HUGE this year.
[deleted]
3rd player in the last ten years? It's impressive sure but an awfully specific stat too. 
And he's only playing 24 minutes per game. His per 36 numbers are pretty awesome (aside from fouls).
Towns will be the 4th after his 2nd rebound in the next Wolves game.
After the draft tons of people were crowing about how much of a project he would be and it wouldn't be worth the time investment... if this kid's considered a "project" then where can the Hawks sign up? we will take on the burden
🐐
&gt;Porzingis is the third player in the last six years to average at least 11.7 points and 8.3 rebounds in his first six career games.

Cool?
/r/knicks 

/r/Porzingod 

"He's gonna be a bust." - SAS after the draft

"He's not a bust, he could be a pretty good player 2 to 3 years down the road." - SAS now

"Fuck you SAS" - me always.

The PorzinGod is quickly becoming one of the biggest stars in the NBA, from his play, his attitude, his media attention, and most of all his potential.
That's good company to be in.
I'm down with the Porzingod, but I hate these sorts of stats. There's no point to them like 90% of the time:

&amp;nbsp;

[INSERT PLAYER] is the first player in 19 years to score 8 points, grab 7 rebounds, throw 6 assists, commit 5 turnovers, make 3 free throws, miss two 3PA and receive one technical foul. OH MY GOD. 
First 6? What's next? First 23?

Seriously? Wtf is this? Buzzfeed?
But how many of those games were on a Tuesday?
It's as if younger players are getting better...
he had so many options with nouns in the this sentence and he went with all the grandiose ones. 

cherry picked stat. way too early to start calling him either of these two players. way too early to call him a hit or miss...
I'm glad PORZINGIS is giving NY something to get excited about... kid looks like he might develop well
I can't wait to see this guy become good and all the stupid fans who know so much can eat crow
Towns has 76 points and 48 rebounds through 5 games.
To do no of yo yo into this email so i
porzingis is what sabonis could have been
I had him pegged as ROY, ima stick with it
cant wait to trade him in 2 years for draft picks
More like Richzingas.
Am I the only one worried about Porzingis' longevity/durability? 7 footers tend to have joint or foot issues, and he's also very thin. I hope he has a long and impactful career.
Remember when everyone (including Reddit) was shitting on this pick?
This isn't fair since there are only few people in the league that get the same minutes in their debut.
Remember when Knick fans boo'd him at the draft night?
needs more minutes
I believe he is younger than both of the other two and their respective rookie years isn't he?
Who was the next closest? I can figure it out when I get home actually.. I scraped all that data. 

LeBron was a few rebounds short and that was 12 seasons ago. 
I love everything about this headline. Every god dammed thing. 
"PORZINGIS = AD"  is all I'm hearing
Action Bronson!
Porzingas is legit I think he's gonna turn those boo's he got on draft day in to cheers. And even turn out to be a good/all star quality player
Phil came through for the knicks. 
I started to read this and my heart skipped a beat thinking zinger had scored 70 in a game
Every time i hear his name i figure his name is just "zingis" and every one just feels bad he got drafted by the Knicks.
Porzingawd!
As a Laker fan I was keen as for Zinga all last year thinking we would get 5th to 7th pick,  man I would have loved to see him on our squad
But this sub told me he would be a bust
As a Spurs fan, I had a good feeling about this kid. Them internationals, thoe.
Anyone have a gif of those NYK fans that looked horrified at his draft selection?
Towns with a casual 93 and 60.
WE GOT A GOOD PLAYER 
Not gonna lie, I got a little bit hard when I read this title.
And he's only been playing 20 mins a game.
Wait, didn't ad and Blake miss their rookie years b/c of injuries?
CERTIFIED GOAT. CASE CLOSED.
BUT HE'S EUROPEAN SO HE MUST BE A BUST
Knicks fans don't deserve him for how they treated him on draft day. 
Why do people like these fringe stats?
Well I mean they essentially drafted Yao or Durant at Center.  Dudes 3-4" taller than everyone with his athleticism at his spot, of course he's going to tear it up (even immediately).

Love him, not knocking him and I think he's going to be BAD ASS, but yeah can we stop acting like a 7'2" stretch 4 being good is a surprise and treat him like a top 5 pick?
PPOORRZZIINNGGIISS
Julius Randle might be able to do this too, 6th game of the season for the lakers is tmrw
Do Knicks fans think differently of him now? He received a lot of flak after being picked.
What a horrible pick at 4. 
Przingis can be sooooo good!
[deleted]
Porzingoat
and the knicks suck
He has a sub 50% TS%. He hasn't been all that impressive tbh
where the gif of that pouting kid?
Confirmed bust.
I would attribute most of that to the amount of playing time he has been given in NYC and the lack of quality bigs NYC has. He's landed in a very fortunate situation. 
gym rat
First one in last one out.
&gt;8 feet away

How small do you think an NBA court is?
[Graham Gano goes even further](https://usatthebiglead.files.wordpress.com/2014/09/graham-gano-vs-band-during-game-against-tampa-bay.gif?w=1000)
I feel like dre is the guy at the party that chills in the corner.
That's more I'm bored and tossing hoops than practice 
It was so funny watching this big concert go on while the gentle giant practices in the dark.
We'll never know if that second shot went in. :(
Been such a treat watching him this year.
HTML5 Video 


[Desktop version](http://offsided.com/r/nba/NaRkUUh/) (7.51%). 


[Mobile version](http://offsided.com/r/nba/NaRkUUh/?minified=true) (0.81%). 


----------------------------------- 


^[info](http://offsided.com/about_bots/) ^| ^[feedback](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=wonglik) ^| [^Upload](http://offsided.com/upload/)


a little reverse Mikan drill, eh?  I feel you Andre, I feel you.
just for the future, next time you upload a gif make sure that the file extension is .gifv and not .jpg (like this one) or .gif. When its a .jpg it take forever to load and is especially bad for those of us on mobile, which makes the gif look all choppy and basically unwatchable. This is a great gif though. Nice find.
Ball is life
If you can play in the middle of a halftime concert in the dark with thousands of screaming fans, you can play in a basketball game in the light with thousands of screaming fans.
Casually is my fav word
Haha I can relate to Andre! "Can you please hurry up so we can continue the game?" That's how you recognise the people who love the game the most.
Gotta work on them Mikan drills!
Ball is life
With a terrible work ethic like that, it's amazing he's so good.
When ball is life.
A true sign of greatness
he doesn't look like he's practicing, looks like he's just messing around
Ball is life
Imagine if he had to chase a rebound that made its way into center court
Basketball is life. 
&gt; My Dad got a great video of  Run DMC putting on a concert while Andre was practicing in the dark.

FTFY

**:P**
Young guns, that's a Mikan drill right there, Mikan being the GOAT, the greatest oldtimer at that. Whatever it is.
I was at this game and I didn't even notice him. His shoulder hair completely blended in with the darkness.
I went to school with drummond. Saw him sing to a girl
he's on a mission
This dude rules. I would trade anyone and everyone not named Jimmy Butler for him.
should've practiced free throws
Kinda disrespectful to be honest
Maybe his "beast" powers let him see in the dark.
Reply to this op. (As It's a comment on your post)
click bait. definitely more than 15 feet (free throw line), let alone 8 feet. I estimate 20 feet. I wouldn't have clicked if title had said &gt;10 feet.
What an egotistical asshole
how does he end up sliding on his ass at the half court line
Absolutely disgusting. His best one so far. 
Another one.
http://gfycat.com/PepperyNextDutchsmoushond
We are all witnesses
Can somebody edit out the middle part so that it looks like the force of his slam sent him sliding backwards all the way across the halfcourt line?
Hype is not lost today; it is found.
In porzingod we trust
https://media.giphy.com/media/xtF06vElNGgpi/giphy.gif
I'm so happy he's not shit
The Garden exploded almost as hard as my lil Pork Zinger.

*almost*
Laker fans dont even come to this sub anymore because we see highlights of okafor towns and porzingod and we cry in a deep dark corner.
Imagine the putback becomes his signature move. Wade has the euro. Dirk got the fade. Now Porzingod with the putbacks!
[http://gfycat.com/PorzingisIsGod](http://gfycat.com/InfatuatedNauticalDegu)
Trade Melo, build around the Zinger 
Blake and Dirk combined 
Porzingis (n). - translation: PUT BACK GOD 
i am so happy forthe knicks..this isexactly the type of player they needed..

i really am happy for them.. i really am
I'm really happy for u Knick bros.  
Is this that feeling people call love?
Dude makes me want to watch the Knicks 
I pledge allegiance to Porzingod
NO ONE IS SAFE!
I can't wait 'til he hits puberty and grows a magnificent beard.
[WORLDSTAR](http://i.imgur.com/jMcD8Ro.gif)
This kid is something else.. I can't take any more of these putbacks 
Putbagckis! 
Porzingis did that thing everyone does in 2k where they flop after doing something amazing 
Averaging 12 pts, 7.4 reb, 0.6 ast, 1.8 stl, 1.2 blk and 1 PUT BACK SLAMS per game
rich man's serge ibaka
He even did that thing in 2k where you intentionally fall down
He is such a fucking monster. I swear to God.
do you remember when a murder almost happened on the Garden floor
Actually this was his second of the game...!  Will probably have to see a doctor after four hours guys...
He adds another to his list of victims. 
WORLD STAR!
This dude is going to be an animal
"Another one." - Dj Khaled
I felt bad when Knicks fan were booing Porzingis on draft day and hoped he proved them wrong. It looks like he's getting there. On top of that, Kid didn't even let that phase him and i knew he had it in him. Give this guy a couple years and he's going to be an All-star. 
putback6god
All the hate comments towards Porzingis is coming back...mostly because now people can actually see him play. If anyone actually watched him play last year, you'd already expect all of this kind of stuff. Porzingis is going to be a good player
I *really* hope this becomes his thing
LOL this is getting ridiculous
The end of the season highlight tape is gonna be so nasty. 
Porzingis all over my tits
From [DraftExpress](http://www.draftexpress.com/article/NBA-Draft-Prospect-of-the-Week-Kristaps-Porzingis-4831/)  
  
&gt; he has very few ways of utilizing his height to his advantage besides his shooting stroke, as he has no back to the basket game and very little interest in playing inside the paint.  
  
Way to prove em wrong! (I admit I had doubts too)
jesus kristus
Breen is so fucking hype
🙏🏿🙏🏿🙏🏿
That was filthy, I really enjoy watching Porzingis play 
I love this dude
Some rich guy should get Porzingis DNA, do in vitro fertilization into an egg of a tall, athletic female to induce fertilization, and create a few kids. Raise them as his own while giving them growth hormone, train them with top coaches (like steph curry was during his youth), and have a nest of NBA stars.  

A 25 year plan to make $$ 
I love watching him play. Watching Knicks games just because of him. Favorite rookie so far, but I like Okafor on the Sixers second best and not too far behind.
It's like he has that magnet glitch back in the NBA live ps2 days
Was at the game -- the garden absolutely erupted 
This is going to be his young version signature move.

10 years from now when he's draining 15-23 footers as a career, people will talk about how they remember the young porzingis would rush in and slam that rebound home. Then, he does it one night on a national TV game against some rookie big man and everyone will remember. I don't know I thought I knew where I was going with this when I started typing but it kind of deteriorated.  
He's really good. hes fucking us on the offensive glass
I shed a tear 😪
That was absolutely filthy! DAMN.
Thats some crazy reach
We're witnessing greatness. #PORZINGOD
Damn, this guy is insane!
He dunked it so hard it took him 5 seconds to realize it and fall down. 
This mans gonna be a star.
This kid is going to be fun to watch for years to come.
Porzingod with another putback, hopefully this kid leads us to some sustained success
Oh man watch his landing. He was like an inch away from breaking an ankle.
You can't fling flang the zing zang. 
He is so damn freaking long... Anyone here knows how many inches does he jumps?
Rolo reaction... :'(
Was he celebrating on the floor lol?
Pfft... I can do that. 
got damn
His rebounding has been amazing. Way better inside than I thought he'd be.
Why was he on the ground at the end of the video?
Zingis Khan
ROTY
Has ESPN released a stat yet on a rookie to have 6 consecutive games to start their career having a putback dunk?  
This kid is going places.
Rookie of the year
Using that 7'3" frame to perfection.
Fuuck that was dirty 
The next NBA logo will just be an outline of a Porzingod putback dunk.
I can get used to this...
and they keep getting better and better
His putbacks tour continues.
Is it just going to be nightly porzingis put back gifs posted for the next 12 years?
Porzingod randomly falling on the other end of the court is the best part of this clip. 
Better watch out he's coming for you, power fowards care; he's god.
When he slipped it reminded me how people used to force fall after making a shot in 2k park 
Who did he dunk on? Can't tell
How do they not remember to box Porzingod out
why would the camera cut to a robin lopez leg than a porz reaction right after?
dat reach
Funny how everyone hating on him in this thread are Philly fans.
Another one
another one
That's a good boy
finally the knicks got a good pickup. 
Another one? Where's the other one? I can't find it here in /r/nba or /r/NYKnicks 
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CTLNGJbUYAAnhlM.jpg
Screw Brian Cardinal. Porzingis is The Custodian
The music coming in at the end was perfect!
So are people going to start boxing him out or what?
Oy! Gave 'im a good Porzingin, he did!
And here I am, sitting around, not even remembering what it was like to be hyped about a rookie on my team. *sigh*  
Phil is looking like a genius if this kid keeps this up.
"If he dies, he dies."
This draft is going to be remembered as a good one.
What the hell is Giannis doing on this play? Ooof.
is it going to be like this every time the knicks score a bucket this year
He going for a streak!
Why did your Porzingis turn out good and our Porzingis turned out to be Jan Vesely. It's not fair.
Jesus.
Porzinjizzed. 
Happy Knicks fans have something to cheer about this season.
This was by far the best one yet. Just insane.

Now they know well enough to get out of his way.
The age of Porzingod is among us
I'm loving these putback slams. I thought I was over dunks. 
Good to see that NY finally has something to cheer about again.
I freaking love Pozingis.  Man crush activated. 
Anyone have a twitter friendly gif of this
Knicks might actually make the playoffs
watching Porzingus play basketball is something that I will tell my grandkids. 
Since no one else seems to have given him this nickname I will do so, PUTBACK PORZINGIS IS HIS NAME!!!!!
Remember when people were calling him a bust before they had even seen him play lol
Just picked him up in fantasy. Excited to be invested in everything Porzingod does from now on.
I remember the booing Knicks fans.
You maybe want a Megathread for all his putback slams. ._.
I hate the Knicks but I love watching this guy play. He's raw but I think he's got a chance to be something really special down the line. I couldn't believe how big he actually was when I watched them play the Cavs last week. 
Not NBA ready my ass and the Knicks don't deserve him they booed the shit outta him when he was drafted 
PosteriZinger
[deleted]
Fuck the haters
Man he's really shutting up all those "fans" that booed him at the draft.
Where are all the Knicks fans who booed him now?
Porzingis have many potato.
Remember when he was drafted and Knicks fans were pissed? LOL.
where are all the idiot fans from draft day booing him now.

This one is actually decent.
WERE? BABY PLEASE WE CAN STILL WORK THIS OUT, COME ON.
Wtf I thought he said his dream was to play for the Knicks. Cmon guys lets all start hating this bust again. Fuckin whoredingus 
Sacre for Porzingod 
Who says no?????? 
I will repost this gif every time Porzingis is brought up on here:
http://www.ruka35.net/kp-kg.gif

Phil and Jeanie's long con finally exposed. 
Foreigners love them some Kobe
A think it's hilarious that of the top 4 picks in this draft, every player the lakers didn't draft might literally become a superstar 
Who doesn't love Kobe?
This opens up the wounds!
Porzingis saying something nice about Kobe? k-k-k-karma combo
A post that highlights Porzingis and Kobe? The sum of NY and LA redditors are going to push this to \#1.
Guaranteed karma right here. 
Isn't he still growing up?
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaand, porziginis is my 2nd favorite rookie 
Russel Clarkson Simmons randle porzinigis? 
Yes please 
This is like the perfect post for r/nba. First, it panders to the two largest market teams. NYK fans love any news about their team, and LAL fans love any news about Kobe. Next, it's about the the man of the hour, Porzingis.

This post was destined to rise to the top of r/nba.
At around 7:20.  
GAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYY
Damn thats harsh
Dude just lost all of his Q Rating with /r/NBA 
Lakers fans on suicide watch.
He's a hometown kid and y'all never really had a chance on a Euro big that early in the Western Conference.
Didn't Porzingis say that he was a melo fan growing up?
Lakers fan here but I will be buying a Porzingis jersey 
Hello from the other side

I must have called a thousand times

To tell you I'm sorry for everything that I've done

But when I call you never seem to be home

Hello from the outside

At least I can say that I've tried

To tell you I'm sorry for breaking your heart

But it don't matter it clearly doesn't tear you apart anymore

Laker fans be like : "WE SHOULD'VE DRAFTED HIM."
Does anything he says just get posted and go straight to the top on here? Why do we care? Like good for Porzingis, he has had a solid year, that's awesome, but why would someone see this and upvote? Cool?
Porzingod to LA confirmed
"Porzingis will be a Laker in the next ten minutes I guarantee it" - Ric Bucher
kill him
The fact that Russell is struggling and the free-flowing ball-handling Kyrie has.
The fact that Russell may have had limited athleticism in terms of vertical leap but he lacks the innate athleticism Rose/Wall possesses and the big men just fucking suck?
Phil should get Kobe next year as a player/coach alongside Fisher. Let him play home games and coach alongside Fisher on the road. 
Literally the most generic quote ever. But add Porzingis to it and it's inspirational 
Porzingis, wouldn't have been as good anyway if Byron was coaching. He wouldn't be playing much anyway. 
That's sounds pretty gay.
Wonder how it feels to surpass your favorite basketball player
Is it me or does he already have a light NY accent?
Clearly trolling NYC back for booing him on draft night.
But then they drafted Russell. So fuck them. 
