start calling conservative radio complaining about "obamatrade" and it taking away the internet

Drudge has used this term before, maybe we can tweet him to use it more often

edit:

thanks for the gold.  makes sense to go after issues obama is terrible on like this and use obamaphobia for the advantage of the American people instead of the detriment like it usually is.

Obama might even be reluctant to sign if his name is "on" this POS
They know. That's why they'll do it.
Then we'll build a new internet with cocaine and hookers! AND ENCRYPTION!
Some fun quotes regarding the TPP: 

“The majority of Congress is being kept in the dark as to the substance of the TPP negotiations, while representatives of U.S. corporations — like Halliburton, Chevron, PhRMA, Comcast and the Motion Picture Association of America — are being consulted and made privy to details of the agreement,” -- Sen. Ron Wyden

"...much of what's leaked about the TPP indicates that it's not about trade at all, it’s about investor rights.” -- Noam Chomsky 

"I'm not against trade...but they're not really trade deals. They're really investment deals between international corporations...They're saying we want to get a race to the bottom so we can exploit the most unfortunate worker." -- Rep. Keith Ellison


"...the TPP is a Trojan horse in a global race to the bottom, giving big corporations and Wall Street banks a way to eliminate any and all laws and regulations that get in the way of their profits... The Trans Pacific Partnership is the wrong remedy to the wrong problem" -- Robert Reich 

"[The TPP] would trample over individual rights and free expression" -- Julian Assange 

“The TPP is simply the continuation of a failed approach to trade – an approach which benefits large multinational corporations and Wall Street, but which is a disaster for working families. The TPP must be defeated.” -- Sen. Bernie Sanders
Apparently this bill is so bad it actually came to life and started speaking out against itself 
When part of the title is in quotes, it is customary to reference the source. Unless this sentence actually appears verbatim in the TPP which at this point wouldn't surprise me.
If TPP is passed, how will it affect how our government works?  That's what I'm wondering.  

Despite the focus on what will to happen medicine prices in Pacific countries, tightening the screws on IP laws, and exporting American law, ISDS, etc. I'm wondering how a post-TPP Congress will function.  Because from what it seems like from reading some of the annexes, once TPP passes, Congress will cease henceforth to have much say about matters of global trade, which is where the big money is. This would mean that the dollar value of their traditional ability to sell their votes and to write sweetheart legislation will become rather diminished in the post-TPP future. TPP will be like a one-time cash out of their premier money making asset.

It's the biggest golden egg that has ever existed in the long and storied history of US government corruption.

Edit: Actually, I'm not quite right, because both TTIP and TISA are even larger and more encompassing than even TPP.  If all of these agreements are passed and enforced, it will undoubtedly have an enormous effect on what the government will be able to do in the future.

These agreements are the Centrist Establishment's final salvo against working people everywhere.
Sorry but I'm not comprehending this as I feel I should.  Can someone do an ELI5?
Why is everything in politics described as so irretrievably evil? It's always "The end of America," or "The death of free Internet," or "The death spiral of healthcare," or "The ultimate job killer," or "The destruction of our economy."

I would prefer to read *__actual__* consequences of what *__could__* happen than exaggerated cries of "boogity-boogity-boogity!" Shit gets old, and I immediately write off whoever is saying it as a soulless, manipulative shill.

Edited: Gold first time! Go me! I'm gonna spring for *two* hookers tonight! 
What needs to happen is a viral campaign that uses humor/satire that can be easily dispersed among the population. Let's face it, the majority of social media users don't know what TPP is, nor do they care. If someone can produce an educational and entertaining video on the subject, I think we can make some headway into the American public discourse. For example, with the new Star Wars films coming out, perhaps we can link the TPP with the dark side. 
This needs an honest and pointed question to Hillary in Tuesday's debate. 
The internet has provided a platform for information that is not controlled by the media gatekeepers. It allows the citizens of many countries to voice their concerns about the way the world is heading. This cannot be allowed to happen as a more controlled world is being erected around us. Dissent will not be tolerated. After all, there are more of us, than there are controllers. 
Ok so I know a lot of people are upset with the TPP.  The leaked stuff earlier was bad, particularly with IP stuff.  A skim of the final version shows me some of the bad has changed, which is good.  I'm currently reading through every chapter and am finished Article 7.  Cursory thoughts are as follows:

**Article 2** - this section is fairly straight forward and seems to contain content which any decent trade agreement should have: tariff, subsidy, import, and export measures relating to cost, transparency, and fairness- mainly eliminating them.  Brings everyone in line with the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT) from 1994 for the most part.  Not being a trade agreement expert, I cannot accurately comment on whether this is better or worse for the United States, but the way it reads seems like a win for the US in regards to participating in the global market.  I don't see any problem thus far.  I did not look through all the Appendices for US measures in regards to Article 2 and the tariff elimination schedule, TRQ's on ice cream and condensed milk, etc because they are mainly country-specific details and agreements.  

**Article 3** - this section covers origination, preferential treatment, and certification for purposes of tariff, duties, taxes, and other fees that might be charged on imports and exports.  For the most part, it makes logical sense in a trade agreement.  The only concerns that rise up are the call-outs related to vehicles.  I'm unsure of the current situation regarding automobile manufacturing in relation to Parties involved in this agreement so I cannot fairly comment on whether the origination and/or cost calculations discussed in this section help or hurt the US from a car manufacturing perspective.  The general consensus seems to be that the cost calculations will result in "Made in America" products containing a larger percentage of non-American materials than American.  This problem could extend to non-auto manufacturing as other countries join the agreement.  A common concern is that a car could be 55% Chinese and still be "Made in America."  I'm not sure that's the case given thresholds with specific parts of the car on top of the thresholds given for RVC calculations, but the exceptions do make me question why the call-outs were necessary in the first place.  

One thing to point out is that origination really covers the entire TPP zone.  "Made in Japan" and "Made in America" and "Made in Mexico" become somewhat ubiquitous in this fashion.  This limits the "China" problem a good bit, I think, but raises the stakes for non-Chinese firms with regards to production.  Japan's importation of low-cost parts coupled with its sizeable market share with car manufacturing (even here in the US) raises some concerns because of these origination rules.  It is possible that the US will suffer from this setup.  

Consider Article 3 the first "warning sign" that I've encountered.  I do need to compare/contrast RVC's here with what the US currently has.  I know some sites have done this already but I want to at least try and understand for myself.  

**Article 4** - Covers textiles and apparel.  I'm guessing there is concern about counterfeit goods.  The majority of this section relates to customs offenses after all.  Outside of that, there are requirements for origination in the TPP territory and a "short supply" list to solve production issues.  I'm unsure how much of the short supply list really is "short;" might there actually be enough of XYZ materials to keep production of ABC shirts going but a Party wants to keep the material on the short supply list to ensure profit from purchase through, say, China?  Outside of that, from an origination perspective, it seems like this section is more favorable than others to the US in terms of materials within the TPP region.  Aside from the counterfeit concern, I don't see much of a problem with this Article.  

**Article 5** - covers predictable, transparent, and consistent customs procedures.  Like Article 2, this Article doesn't give me any cause for worry in-and-of-itself.  Procedures are required and speeding up the process of importing/exporting is advantageous to every Party involved. 

**Article 6** - covers safeguards and remedies in relation to imports of particular products.  Lines up with Article XIX for the General Aggreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT) from 1994.  Like Article 2, this Article doesn't give me any cause for worry.  Safeguards are necessary in international trade.  The time limits and procedures given here seem fine to me.  

**Article 7** - deals with sanitary and phytosanitary issues amongst Parties.  That is to say, measures with flora/fauna in relation to the protection of human, animal, and plant life/health.  This is important and the text talks a lot about the WTO SPS Agreement and adhering to international standards/guidelines/etc.  It stresses backing up sanitation through scientific research.  However (and this is big), it does say Parties agree to equivalence in sanisation measures if scientific research of their own is objective and "proves" protection to a level another Party might desire.  You might think "that doesn't sound right" and I'd agree.  To make it worse, if you look at the SPS Report from the USTR for past years, you'll see a *lot* of complaining about sanitary/phytosanitary measures other countries have in place to prevent US imports of flora/fauna (including foods) because of US disease issues and, more plentifully, the use of GMO's/GE food.  This part of the TPP coupled with the SPS Reports makes it seem like the US would rather force our GE/GMO corps on others instead of cutting back on GE/GMO foods and food products.  I do need to look into this more, so take it with a grain of salt (pun not intended).  

Still going through other chapters one by one.  This is a dull, dry, annoying agreement to read :(
This is why I'm voting for Bernie Sanders
What can I actually do to help stop it?
I think it's sad that Obama, Hillary Clinton, and the Republicans are all going to shove this down our throat despite public opposition and the history of these deals being rotten for workers. Same thing with the bank bailouts. Democracy is so dead these days.
Well as long as the 1% gets what they want Congress and such can rest easy knowing they've done their jobs.
It hurts.  

I can't believe the government is a whirlwind
It is the desire and the plan of all governments to control All speech and communication. It is the "Iron Rule of Oligarchy." Information is power, and a government wants more and more power controlled by fewer and fewer people. Government is a necessary evil, but it is never our friend. 
But Obama wants this so it must be good for us right, right..... guys Obama wants this, it's gonna be good for us, Obama wouldn't want something that is bad for us would he?????
That explains why Obama is all for it.
ethics? who cares, that didnt stop NDAA from passing
"If", i think you mean "when" 
http://www.truthdig.com/report/item/the_most_brazen_corporate_power_grab_in_american_history_20151106

“The TPP, along with the WTO [World Trade Organization] and NAFTA [North American Free Trade Agreement], is the most brazen corporate power grab in American history,” Ralph Nader told me when I reached him by phone in Washington, D.C. “It allows corporations to bypass our three branches of government to impose enforceable sanctions by secret tribunals. These tribunals can declare our labor, consumer and environmental protections [to be] unlawful, non-tariff barriers subject to fines for noncompliance. The TPP establishes a transnational, autocratic system of enforceable governance in defiance of our domestic laws.” 
I don't understand: why isn't every local, state and federal election in the US *swamped* by voters against this corruption??
This is why we need projects like [Maidsafe](http://maidsafe.net) and [IPFS](http://ipfs.io) and [Storj](http://storj.io) -- encrypted, anonymous, decentralized data-stores. 

If TPP goes through, we have a responsibility to bypass its bullshit rules and keep the internet alive and healthy.
This article is shit, I couldn't finish it. It was just repeating that the TPP was bad but not giving any examples from the text. Can someone give me some quotes from the TPP text about OP's title? Also from looking at the text I did find something odd; on environmental law it states "No Party shall fail to effectively enforce its environmental laws through a sustained or
recurring course of action or inaction in a manner affecting trade or investment between the
Parties, after the date of entry into force of this Agreement for that Party. ", does this mean that if a country's law regarding environmental protection is deemed bad for business it will be ignored or am I mistaken?
Can we stop just talking about how bad the TPP will be for the internet? There is so much more bad that will come from it. Only talking about how it hurts the internet isn't going to change anything.
Is that not what the *bought*  corporate shills in Washington want?

If it passes it will get enough people mad that we may have the political revolution that Bernie Sanders is talking about.
How do we stop this?
So the Congress will sign it. Since when has congress actually acted in defence of its voters
We need to make it clear that they will be signing the death warrant for their careers as well. 
Lawyers trained in international law are going to make out like bandits once TPP is ratified and the inevitable court cases start rolling in.
They are killing its adversaries channel of communication that contest them. Its sad we can't blame government and corporations for fucking up the world. They have to create new laws that forbid its people from standing up while they continue. 
&gt;This section requires Internet Service Providers to play “copyright cops” and assist in the enforcement of copyright takedown requests

Oh my gosh! 

This would destroy the internet [if America passes a law like that!](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Digital_Millennium_Copyright_Act)
Not to mention the pharmaceutical regulations pushing the disastrous US system out to the rest of the world, the essentially non-existent legal power in enforcing labor and environmental laws, and the contrasting massive legal power we give to multinationals in the name of larger investments. 

Roughly 80% of those advising for the deal are corporate insiders, with unions, activist groups and independent academics being vastly outnumbered. 

If that doesn't convince you that corporate influence is unduly high, the current US Trade Representative, Michael Froman, was at Citibank during the financial crash and made $7.4 million in 2008 alone, during the crash. Froman ["introduced [Obama] to the Wall Street donor network, and Obama has kept him close in a variety of roles ever since".](http://fortune.com/2015/07/28/michael-froman-obama) Oh, and Citibank is *incidentally* lobbying heavily for the TPP.

Unless you're a multinational, the TPP is not in your best interests. The progressive wing and even some Republicans are sounding the alarm. Rep. Keith Ellison (D) words are apt;

&gt; "I'm not against trade...but they're not really trade deals. They're really investment deals between international corporations."
Our wonderful new Canadian PM has already expressed support for the TPP.
Am I missing something or is TTP something different than TTIP?
They'll also be allowing for another internet to pop up to compete with the current internet. 
Yeah. We should just not listen. Can't jail everyone. Now that's not feasible.
we have to do something.. pls stop this bullshit we are in 2015 and not in 1935
Quite frankly, unless it's viewed that they're signing a death warrant to their jobs or their lives, I don't see how any change will come their way.
That's the plan...don't be surprised or shocked. Theyve spent years working on this across administrations. It'll be approved by a landslide. 
What do I do? Write my senator? Sign a petition? Donate to something? Tear down the Bastille? I don't know how to help here.
How does one try to stop an international agreement?
[Contact](http://www.contactingthecongress.org/) your representative in the house and senate and tell them how you want them to vote! Tell them why!
If you'd like to do something about this, call or write your congressional representatives and tell them to vote this down.
B...bu...but profit!
So as I keep seeing these posts, I want to be more informed.  That being said, is there anywhere where we can actually READ what the TTP says for ourselves?  

I try and be understanding of what I read but more and more of these posts seem to come across as clickbait titles, almost something akin to a tabloid.  I mean I suppose I could believe that someone is this blatantly awful, but even if that was the case, why not just do it already?  Why give us a chance to respond at all? From everything I keep reading it seems that whole group is nothing but cartoon villains just waiting to cackle and twist their mustaches, and I just can't get behind that.   

Just seems to me like there's something I'm missing, but hey internet maybe you can help me out with that?
Guess what?  None of your governments or politicians (left or right) want an "open internet", and if given a choice of being less subject to your "fickle" expectations and throwing "free speech" under the bus - well so much for free speech.  
First: Is there any way to list the corporations involved so we can boycott them?  Second: Is there any way this can be leveraged to change over the dead weight in the House or Senate?
Riot... riot... riot if this occurs
If Trump is against this shows how bad the TPP is if even he disagrees with it
Where is your Obama now?
I think congress agrees that free speech is not profitable and will now be changed to paid speech.
This needs more up-votes than a cat playing with a floor tile
I agree with the comments made about free speech. But the thing is, why the fuck would the politicians genuinely care about free speech? They're already in power, the only people's free speech that would be affected is...everyone but theirs!
Is there anything we can do about this?  I feel helpless.
Things will only get worse sooner or later, nothing will stop corporate america
It seems the basic tone to this argument is that profits and income to the country far outweigh the individual rights of its citizens. If you think more revenue means more freedoms, then enjoy the fact that this is proposed as multinational and the money to buy things means nothing if it stops the production of what you want to buy. Each individual person is much less benefited from this deal, instead the expectation is theyll be pulled in a better direction with the rest of the country
I mean, when do we, the people get to decide (for once) what happens and not when there is a high degree of information symmetry. Time and time again we see that many of the individuals who agree to these documents are not any more informed of the consequences. Rather, they do so in self interest when corruption is involved. I wonder when *we* will finally get a chance to choose things that directly affect us... It's so disheartening that a lot of the vocal and active populous of the "internet" is at the mercy of those who see it in a pure financial sense.
Congress doesn't give a shit about the average American. They went from representing us to us fighting them. 
Take the heads of those that approve of this travesty.
All according to plan then.
I mean, I just wrote to my district representative. I'll try to get others to do so as well. I wrote to my senator a while ago and he replied only to dismiss what I had said and say how great the TPP will be for economic growth. Way to represent the people...
Revolution? the US is getting away with too much shit right now... 
They're gonna sign it.  The rich have paid and they want their money's worth.
Trade is good, it creates both effiencies and at the same time spreads the wealth. I never understood reddits uneducated presumption that free trade is bad. Americans get cheaper goods, poor people get jobs. Their not the best jobs but better then what they had otherwise they wouldn't work them.
Not to split hairs or anything, but this is why the second amendment exists.
Can we finally protest as a country if Obama signs it? I've been watching jealously as other countries partake in their civic duty, but we in the USA need to get on the boat!
Not a lot of substance in that article. It didn't clarify and specify what the bad parts are. Would like better examples how it is so awful. Give us examples of current trade rules veresus new rules compared to what happens if it doesn't pass.
The way I look at it is, this will create a new class of crime accepted/acceptable by society.
Write your representatives, people. Get loud. Get angry.

Like Bernie said, this is the "political revolution" we need.

EDIT: [zip code rep lookup](http://www.house.gov/representatives/find/)
This deal is so terrible, I don't know how Obama can still consider himself a liberal. 
This is the single most hyperbolic title I've ever seen on /r/politics. 
Uhhg, where did separation of powers go? Congress can't sign death warrants!
It's cute you think they care. 
Can't wait to tell my grandkids the story of how the internet used to be.
This needs to be in /r/news.
this is hopefully getting the attention it deserves.
How can we stop it? 
People need to start rioting. Other countries citizens wouldn't allow this shit to happen. The citizens easily outnumber the amount of people in control. 
After skimming over parts, it seems like some of the fears associated with this deal have been overblown.

EDIT: Changed 'reading it over' to 'skimming over parts' Sorry I should have used more precise language.
If anyone is having trouble reading the document themselves or don't have the time to comb through it themselves, there is a pretty good summary of some of the problems with this agreement containing sourced examples here: https://theintercept.com/2015/11/06/ttp-trade-pact-would-give-wall-street-a-trump-card-to-block-regulations/.
Why does the US always making this kind of shit? Literally the world's cancer.
The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants.
Lol. Go get your pitchforks reddit.
As far as I'm concerned anyone who votes for the TPP is simply a traitor.
It seems the TPP is a powergrab, not a structure for justice.
The TPP is the ultimate culmination of 30 years of usurping democracy and incorporating the political system as a subsidiary of Corporate America. A Democratic president and a Republican Congress are passing a death sentence for the American middle class, a permanent trump card for corporations to shut down environmental protection laws, and the very anti-free-speech laws that the American people revolted against a couple years ago. 

I wish I could blame it all on Citizen's United, but this has been coming since Reagan. 
Congress has no authority over treaties.  Only the United States Senate, by a 2/3 majority, may ratify a treaty.  

The fact the president and Congress presume to stare the American people in the face and directly defy the Constitution is far more alarming.   This is a direct and flagrant violation of the law. 

The fact the Secretary of State wantonly announced in broad daylight this was exactly what they intended to do is incredible.  Breathtaking hypocrisy.  Criminals one and all.  They should all be dragged from office.  The president in particular should be lifted up by his hair and frog-marched to jail.  

We are witnessing the birth pangs of a tyrannical despotism in this nation, and we ignore this at our own peril.    Our children will have a painful time of it and will be forced to pay a terrible price for our laziness and apathy.

This is a shameful time to be an American.

This is actually all quite sad. With the mainstream media (much of whom is bound to the TPP  from a corporate standpoint) not reporting anything on it, most people who do become aware of the atrocities will find out about them down the road
How so? 
People Over Profits. It's the only way to ensure our children have a chance to prosper. 
Murica!
So where are the people that always come in and advice people what can they do to counter this?

Where are the people that say contact your local representatives, write to XY organization to take action against it because it does not represent your interest? Where are the links that help you figure out who is your local representative? Where are the petitions to oppose this? Where are the call for organizing protests?

I'm not an US citizen, but I saw that wen SOPA came up, when the question if the FCC's loyality came up, net neutrality came up a lot of US citizens were all up arms to do the right thing and contact the right people to express their dissatisfaction.

For your interest, here is an interesting take mainly about the potential impact of the TPP (leaked copyright section) on the gaming industry

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0DIJVetzaHs
Thanks Obama!

(Not ironically this time)

(Or perhaps it is double irony?)
Who are the architects of this agreement? Who are the people who drafted it?
If one nation rejects the deal, do they continue without said nation? Or rework to include them?
We should go Iceland on them! Then pursue Wallstreet! Then corrupt Bankers!
Eli5 this please. 
Time to invent a NEW internet out of government control or sanction.
[deleted]
A sign of the end times? 
Why aren't more Liberals and Conservatives coming together to oppose this as a team?  This goes directly against values that we both wish to uphold.
That's the point.
This type of half baked article does more damage than good. It tends to discredit opposition to TPP
And that's why we voted to allow Obama Fast Track Negotiations...

So we could have no oversight, insulate ourselves from culpability, and then cry foul when it's all done!
How to stop it? 
the ultimate takeover by lawless corporations 
there's not just the internet m8s, with that treaty my country will get a USA-like pharmaceutical public policy. I'm italian and in theory here health is free but its cost has constantly been increasing in the last 20 years and it's slowly getting more and more expansive. probably with the TPP will make this even worse.

It'll happen and /r/politics will blame everyone but the government, like usual.
Is this a coincidence??[caption](http://imgur.com/Iwrjdbg.jpg)
Though the US is the "land of the free".
Can someone like raise a mob to storm congress by force to stop the signing?
This is really scaring me.
Why dont we get any say? Im so done living in the US
U.S Congress answers to no-one, and this is exactly what U.S Congress intended.
Fortunately... there no way Justin Trudeau, even if he were to decide he personally supported #TPP, could ever sell the Liberals &amp; NDP in Canada Parliament to vote for it. 
Looks like Free Trade Buck stops in Canada stops for the next few years.
Let's be honest, this subreddit doesn't lend much credence to the idea of free speech on the internet haha
Im willing to side Republican, and put democrats in the dirt if thats how we can stop this.
I seriously don't care anymore... Every day they want to fuck us and every day we pretend we're gonna fight back and we still let them fuck us. So fuck it.
Hooray for Globalism, right guys?

Has anyone stood up against this in the Bureaucracy, other than Sanders and Rand Paul?
Too late. 
 I mean, we can't even have flame-wars on reddit without getting sub-banned. The internet isn't actually a free-speech space anymore. 
To be honest, this train left the station a long time ago, and the TPP is really a formalization.

Margaret Atwood described what I believe is inevitable in *Oryx &amp; Crake*, and *The Year of the Flood*.  Corporate enclaves where there is order and civility, surrounded by a no-man's land of sorts where survival tactics are needed, and all of it interlaced with genetic engineering and enhancement.

Governments and countries will become vestigial.  We're just not that far away from that scenario.
True they got fast track approved but remember they had to submit it to the House twice. The first time they tried for fast track it got rejected. It was only after removing a bill and resubmitting that they managed to get fast track approved and even then the House only approved it by a 10 vote margin. Point is support for the TPP in the House is tenuous at best. 
so bad it actually came to life and started speaking out against itself
That's the goal.
This TTP is scaring the shit out of me. If this goes through, how will the average American person be affected by this from a day to day basis? How should we prepare? 
TPP actually looks really awesome to me, I've already called in my reps and told them that I want this to pass.  Anyone who says otherwise likely just reads reddit headlines and doesn't form their own opinions.  
The TPP has a lot of flaws and they should not be overlooked for the sake of maximizing profits. I understand that free trade is ultimately a good thing long-term even with the short-term struggles. However, this goes far beyond that and it should be struck down.
Do people understand how much good free trade has done for the world? It's the main reason for the lack of wars in recent years.
It's not a trade agreement.  It's a coup-de-etat.  These corporations will be able to overrule governments when those governments make laws that protect people.
Makes me wonder why Obama pushed for this so hard. Im guessing blackmail
So... 

Exactly what they've been trying to do for the last few years? 
Oh, they are all well aware of it.
Wow, I can't believe the TPP said that.
Has Obama said anything about this? Is he gonna most likely sign it or veto it?
It will pass and there is nothing anyone can do about it. Because we are not really free. Down vote me all you want but this will pass and the powers to be do not care about you. 
How many different ways is this going to come at us before people realize it's inevitable 
The United States is such a fucking god awful country.
Man this article seemed good, then people got all concerned about not being able to label GMO foods, and I realized I should just ignore it.
By design, Congress can't put free speech in peril...
Looking at the source name, I e pecked some kind of prepper site...and it wasn't that far off.

Article is heavy on the scare quotes and light on substance. Not a single excerpt from the TPP itself or even a specific citation. Closest they got was referring to Section J. It's a 6000 age document. &gt;.&lt;

I'll get my news from sources elsewhere.
Can't deal with the sensationalism.
Just let me know when we get to the armed insurrection part...I'm good at that.
Amercians have free speech as long as few listen, beyond that you get a bullet in the head.
This only applies to US, right?
Can someone elucidate the phrase "race to the bottom" for me? What's that mean?
They all got their check... They don't care. 
Who cares we still believe and argue about Political parties and yet these things still continue 
Whoa whoa whoa.

How is free speech imperiled by allowing private companies to engage in censorship?  I'm told by /r/politics specifically and by reddit generally all the damned time that "free speech" is only a protection against *government censorship*, not against private companies or individuals limiting what speech they will convey.

We can't be quoting that goddamned XKCD comic when it comes to "nah, bro, reddit isn't violating free speech because the first amendment only applies to government" and then say "if the government allows private companies (ISPs) to limit speech it puts the future of free speech in peril."
Never mind the internet, these trade agreements are a threat to any notion of democracy or national sovereignty. Which was the intention. The TPP and other trade agreements in the works that mirror it are meant to increase the US's sphere of influence in the world. These are political weapons meant to entrench our corporations into the systems of other countries, and the result is of course a further strengthening of their power at home.

There should be riots in the streets over this thing. Maybe that's a big hyperbolic, but if your government signs this I'd advise you to consider it an illegitimate corporate oligarchy. Because that's exactly what it is. 
This is why I vote for Bernie Sanders
At this point what can we legitimately do to stop this? Contact our representatives? 
I love all the TPP defenders. 37 of the world's largest economies are, yep, CORPORATIONS, not COUNTRIES. This is a deal for CORPORATIONS and will shit on your country.
It's common sense for people on the both left and right to oppose this deal.

So why the hell has this deal not been shredded yet?
Meanwhile the rest of us will probably do nothing.
My goodness, this is a pretty bad article. 
I can't even focus on these articles and the explaining of certain parts of the TPP. The only thing I can think of is, "If Congress signs we riot!" because I've quickly learned that my Congressmen don't care and I fully expect this... treason, for lack of a better word, to pass.
I see people blaming the Republicans, but this is Obama's pet project. The king of hope and change has given us another turd. 
ITT nobody who's actually read the TPP, and a bunch of armchair legal analysts who regurgitate what someone told them a certain passage meant
This is one of the most ill-informed, closed-minded and one-sided articles I've ever read. Terrible job making terrible points that are totally ungrounded. 
The invisible hand of the fee market.
What could be more dangerous to free speech than the Internet mob that call for you to be fired if you dress up as an Indian on Halloween?
Look at all the new PR accounts in here from corporations trying to sell this bill to you people. It's not going to benefit any of the common citizens, that's why it was only corporations allowed to see it, write it and dispute it for the longest time. 
I think they know and they don't care. That's why about every year for the last 5 years or so, they've tried to push a bill through to do just that. They want to kill the internet and free speech. Let's face it, the world we're heading in is looking more and more like dystopian cyberpunk and those in charge will be damned if they don't force it upon us all. I really don't think we can keep stopping this stuff forever. They'll get their way eventually.
This article is really annoying.

&gt; climate denial

I'm sorry but this isn't something that affects the day of day life of anyone in the west.

&gt; labeling of GMO foods

Doesn't effect you unless you're the sort of person who avoids GMO foods for some reason. Maybe because of the "toxins" in them.

&gt; internet censorship

This doesn't sound like it's targeting commercial ISPs, so I don't really see websites being taken down. If AWS cancels someone's connection out due to an uncontestable copyright claim, then they're signing their own death warrant.

&gt; any U.S. food safety rules on labeling, pesticides, or additives that [are] higher than international standards could be subject to challenge as 'illegal trade barriers

This is actually a huge problem, but why not make the whole article about this, because it's actually an important issue. Making a bigger deal out of GMOs and climate change won't win people over to your side who are not already there. Talk about the things that are actually going to fuck people's lives up, like getting sick due to being poisoned by pesticides, or all the bees dying.
This is the government you people love so much. 
You want to *do* something about it? **Contact your senators and representatives**:  
http://www.senate.gov/senators/contact/  
http://www.house.gov/representatives/find/  
  
Let them know that you're *sick and tired* of the corporate greed in America. Let them know that you will actively vote against anyone who supports the TPP.  
Seriously! Do it now!

Oh look, another over sensationalized TPP article. 
With all the anti-TPP sentiment in this thread, I feel like I should give the opposition a voice. So, for the sake of equal representation:

If you oppose the TPP you're a TERRORIST PEDOPHILE. This bill is about FREEDOM AND NOTHING ELSE. Support this and you're a PATRIOT. Oppose this and YOUR FATHER WILL LOSE HIS BUSINESS AND KILL HIMSELF AND YOUR MOTHER WILL STOP LOVING YOU. Bald eagles. America.

(To any pro-TTPers who read this, I'm sorry for using the word "bill", I know it gives away more information than you like shared about the TPP, I just couldn't think of a better word. "freedom paper" maybe?)
Oh yeah this isn't sensationilization at all smh
Reddit is slowly turning me in favor of the TPP as the comments for it continue to have more data and less hyperbole than the "quotes" against it.
You do realize it's mostly the Dems and Obama who are pushing this crap 
The bad enforcement that hurts the common person will only be enforced in the US and Canada the smaller countries in Asia will us the parts that help them and ignore the parts that hurt them. Most of them only use the law against political opponents. 

Why should a corporations wishes over rule voters in an area. I guess the dollar bill is a bigger voter than people votes. The only way to defeat this is by scaring the Republicans and the few Democrats that indicate they will vote for the TTP. 
This entire thing reads like a climate change deniers blog. Yeah... Sure... "experts".
Well sure, it may damage the internet, spit on human rights, and set the US back a hundred years... But you people are ignoring the big picture that politicians have to keep in mind.

Hookers and blow are not cheap.
This article is very vague on what is bad. Lots of hyperbole with no real details. I'd like to know, for example, why the enforcement provisions on pesticides are "weak". Why, exactly, will this agreement lead to a boom in greenhouse gases?
More clickbait bs on this sub...

The DEATH WARRENT to open internet and free speech...

LOL...title alone has made it so I'm not reading that clearly slanted article
Dystopian future predicted in Johnny Mnemonic is nearly here. 
[Very relevant](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tSscMKcY5wE)

Not only is his analysis spot on, he called it 10 years ago.
Of course they'll sign it, most of it was their idea!
Read this as: "Despite the blatant corruption of the U.S. Congress"

Hey /u/WildAnimus,


This is now the top post on reddit. It will be recorded at /r/topofreddit with all the other top posts.
It'll pass. Americans are the most compliment people on the planet. 
Congress is going to pass it. We the people don't have a say... what the fuck are we supposed to do? They keep passing shit like this.
This reminds of the ACA. No one on either side liked the way it was written, but power hungry politicians passed it anyway....same will happen with this.
[deleted]
This remains a terrible idea in a country where we don't like taking days off.

Look, if the only people working were emergency responders and power plant operators, fine. But that's not how we roll in America. If we had an election holiday, white collar workers and many government employees (white and blue collar) would get the day off. The very group that has the least barrier to voting on election day.

The folks for whom carving out the time is more difficult -- retail, odd-shifts, required personnel, etc. -- they still won't get the day off. Now what you've done is skewed the electorate even moreso.

If voting on election day is too difficult for some people (and it is), **make absentee voting easier.**
If a gas station attendant doesn't get Christmas off, why would they get election day off?

Is it going to be a mandatory holiday? 
Why don't they just make it easier to get an absentee ballot? In Ohio, it's super easy and takes off the pressure to make time to get to the polls. Honestly, I see no reason that any Ohioans wouldn't vote since you can do it from your own home. It just seems easier to facilitate than a national holiday. 
All I can say is that here in Washington we do all of our voting by mail and the turnout is still shamefully low. Even during presidential election years, and all one has to do is fill in some bubbles and slap a stamp on that bad boy. Apparently we just had a 36.91% in the November general election.
In Denmark there's no national holiday to go vote. The turnout is usually in the 75-80% region. 

What makes you think getting a day off makes people go vote instead of just...taking a day off? 

This is not about time, it's about attitude towards democracy.
Actually your employer is legally obligated to allow you time to vote. I used to manage a work force that did twelve hour days and on election day I had to allow them each 3 hours off to vote. It varies state to state.

http://www.findlaw.com/voting-rights-law.html
In Canada we are mandated by law to have up to 3 consecutive hours to vote, paid. The 3 hours is from either the start or the end of the opening/closing of polls, so if polls close at 8 and you work until 6, you'd get that last hour off.

Do Americans seriously not get any time by law to vote?
This doesn't solve the problem that already exists. People don't vote for two main reasons. One of them is apathy. A holiday isn't going to change that and may in fact make it worse since those nonvoters might use it as an excuse to go somewhere. The other is that they can't find the time off of work. One would think a holiday would fix that, but many of the people who struggle to find time off work are hourly. They are still going to have to work this holiday, since even Christmas keeps businesses/services open. Many don't vote because they simply cannot afford to wait in line for 3 hours and lose that paid time at their job. Or, if this were made a holiday, the appeal of working the day at the store instead for time and a half would be too much.

Voting is hard because we basically penalize people for doing it. Instead of making it a holiday, just make it easier. Mail in ballots. Extend voting times so you have 2-3 weeks to do it and advertise where these polls are so people fully understand they can go before election day. Make it as simple as possible. That way, the only nonvoters are the ones with apathy and they weren't voting anyway.
How about mail in ballots nationwide?  Up here in Washington I've got mine sitting right next to me waiting for me to do within in a large time frame.
I love all these new ideas to increase voter turnout, but I don't think they address the root cause of the problem. Sure, voting registration will increase voter turnout somewhat, but there aren't *that* many educated people not voting. Midterm turnouts was something like 30% -- you won't convince me that 70% of people knew about the election but just couldn't go. The bigger problem is that people aren't politically educated in the first place. 

It's not surprising, either. Our politicians have been pushing moderate ideas for decades, ideas that fully represent almost no one. For instance, you might like a moderate tax scheme and be pro-abortions, but if the only party pushing for moderate tax schemes is also railing against abortions, you're gonna be quickly discouraged. Or all the people on reddit that think Wall Street has too much power but hate Black Lives Matter -- are you going to go canvass for the Democrats? Republicans? Neither? 

The two-party system really kills a lot of political enthusiasm, and the resulting political system is often so moderate and boring that real change doesn't happen, further accentuating the cycle of disinterest. For an example; polls show that a third of Democrats don't know Bernie Sanders exists. A third! And that's with people bothering to answer the poll! People really just don't care.

As if that wasn't bad enough, the media is consistently valuing entertainment over substance. I was watching MSNBC before the Democratic Forum the other day -- which was conveniently on a Friday, by the way, when no one watches TV except for incredibly boring people like me -- and in the four (?) hour preshow they didn't go over the candidates' positions *once*. Instead they talked about how Hillary is doing well in the polls, how Bernie needs to sway black voters, how O'Malley attacked someone about something... How about an infographic about their views on taxes? An expose into Hillary's changing positions on the TPP or gay marriage? A critique of Bernie's immigration politics? Someone saying anything about O'Malley that doesn't include the words "slams", "lashes out", or "desperately"?

I shouldn't be surprised, though -- the media is only worried about profits, and [90% of media is owned by the same 6 corporations](http://www.businessinsider.com/these-6-corporations-control-90-of-the-media-in-america-2012-6). This has been going on for years, even decades. Substance isn't that important to their profits. But it's important to *us*, the voters. Marijuana is still illegal, damnit. Didn't we collectively decide it's 2015 at some point? Healthcare is a mess, [income inequality is larger than since right before the Great Depression](http://i.huffpost.com/gen/638811/thumbs/o-INCOME-INEQUALITY-UNION-INFLUENCE-570.jpg?4), lobbying gives a [22000% investment return](http://www.npr.org/sections/money/2012/01/06/144737864/forget-stocks-or-bonds-invest-in-a-lobbyist), we're spending six times as much money on [fossil fuel subsidies](http://priceofoil.org/fossil-fuel-subsidies/) as [basic research](http://www.salon.com/2015/10/29/bill_gates_the_private_sector_is_completely_inept_partner/)... Our democracy is breaking down, yet most people don't seem to care. I don't blame voting registration for that, I blame us.
How about doing it on a sunday?
If you need an entire day off to vote, I think the real problem is an inefficient voting system.
Wear your "I voted" sticker into Sears on November 2nd and receive a storewide 20% discount! Come on down for our one day only Election day sale! Each hour we have a selection of possible sale items, VOTE on which one you want to see go up! 

Only at Sears.

^Election ^sticker ^must ^be^^visible^to^earn^discount.^^Nopurchase^necessary,^voidwhereprohibited.
Or, you know, move election day to a weekend, like a normal country?
You're telling me between mail-in ballots and a 2 week voting window in some places, the reason people aren't voting is they don't have an opportunity to?
It would make more sense to petition for the ability to mail in your ballot. Many states already have support for this but I understand that not all do. 
I voted in our local election last week and an hour before the polls closed I was the 16th voter at that location. I'm going to run for the city counsel next year and if my coworkers vote for me I'd win in a landslide. It is really sad to me. 
I thought it was already shown that in places where election day is a holiday does not have higher voter turnout. We would also see early holiday shopping deals "ONE DAY ONLY, ELECTION DAY SAVINGS!!!"
You know, most of the rest of the world that doesn't have a public holiday for elections simply votes on Sunday or Saturday.

I am sure there is a good reason why the USA insists on having elections on a workday. I guess it involves tradition or religion or something like that.
[deleted]
I don't think so..holiday means out of town and trips..may decrease voter turnout actually
Two weeks of early voting.  Voting takes all of 30 min including the drive.  Holiday won't do anything.  Make voting mandatory.
I get tired of this week ass solution that would probably increase participation by single digits.

when every fucking person in food and beverage and retail know that **holidays just are terms for busier days at work.**

the main people who get holidays off are government employees and people that work at banks,,,,, neither of which tend to have a hard time getting off to vote.


and what about hospital employees? it might be a holiday but if your in middle of surgery.. your in middle of surgery.

A holiday is a joke.. if we are going to make changes to help people vote, then lets make changes to help people vote.

extended and early and absentee voting.(one I don't get why I can pay my taxes, apply for food stamps, get a new DL... and do all my banking online but cant vote? I think we can figure out a way to make it secure. People could have hashed tokens based on their social so they could double check their votes were counted.)

We should have a fucking week to vote.. there are laws about overtime and how much you can work, so everyone gets time off in a week, holidays or not.

You don't need a holiday to vote; Colorado has vote by mail, Oregon has had exclusive vote by mai for over a decade. No polling places, no parking issues, no standing in line. Complete your ballot over a couple of weeks in the privacy of your home, drop it off at the election office drop box or mail it. It couldn't be any more convenient.
Having the voting open 24 hours would help too. Some people just work weird hours.
I have plenty of time to vote, whether during a lunch break at work or between classes in school.  I dont think time constraint is the main thing that causes people not to vote.
This sounds like a good idea- but think about it: what do people do now with days off? 

Last "federal snow day" I saw in DC, all the federal government employees who couldn't make it to work were certainly able to make it to brunch, the movies, shopping... and the person making minimum wage at starbucks- where was her snow day?  What about the movie theater clerk?

Look at Thanksgiving weekend.  It's supposed to be about...oh, I don't know... giving thanks with friends and family.  Ask the employees at Best Buy if they are thankful.  

People will just use this day off to do what they want.  Polls are open in most places from 6am to 9pm, and almost everywhere has absentee and early voting. A day off will not increase numbers. 
Specifically, you should only be able to take the day as a holiday if you can show that you voted.
The polls are open like 12+ hours.  It's not the time that causes people to not vote.  It's because they're lazy and they have inscribed in them that their vote won't matter so they put in as little effort as possible, which means not voting.
Sorry, something other than a national holiday is required, **like every state having early voting**. If it's a holiday, the very people who don't vote will be the ones who celebrate by taking the day off to go shopping or whatever, or worse yet, if they are in a position to do so, take the Monday before off and give themselves a 4-day weekend.
It's a good start, but a full voting weekend would cost businesses less and give enough options for people who find it hardest to vote to get to the polls and make it less crowded at the same time. A voting holiday would just turn into a huge day for sales like every other holiday and low income workers would have to work anyway.
Oregon has vote-by-mail. Every Oregonian can vote in the nude while drunk in the comfort of their own home. If they are too cheap to pay for a stamp they can deposit their ballot in special free mailboxes that are spread out all over the state, although I would recommend getting dressed beforehand. 

Their turnout? An "outstanding" 60-ish percent. 

I'm an election judge in Maryland. Anyone can vote by absentee ballot with no excuse, registration is painless, and early voting is available for ten hours a day for two weeks prior to an election. 

Their turnout? A "commendable" 50-ish percent. 

The turnout problem is almost exclusively with younger voters. I'm willing to bet that you could pay every voter $200 to vote, make Election Day a mandatory national holiday, and enter every voter in a lottery to win a trillion dollars and young people would still fuck it up and not show up. 

And even if they did show up to collect their $200, young voters would still bitch about their choices in candidates after having not voted in the primaries. 
Never mind the fact that being allowed to take several hours out of the work day to go vote is a legally-protected right in this country, and has been for decades now. 
[Voter holidays don't increase voter turnout](https://www.princeton.edu/ceps/workingpapers/181farber.pdf)

[Most of the US already has no excuse postal voting](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Early_voting#United_States)

It used to be give me liberty or give me death. Now it's give me a day off.
I'm calling bullshit on this.
Sure it might boost turnout a bit...

But people WANTING to vote is what boosts turnout.
Example from here in Scotland - turnout was dropping lower and lower every year...then last year, we had our independence referendum which sadly din't quite pass.  But it did engage teh population in a way they've not been in basically forever.  Now turnout is hitting over 80%.

We don't get a day off for elections.  The polls open at 7am, and close and 10pm.  Very few people work 15 hour days, and in any case, we also have postal ballots which are easy to apply for and don't require you to give a reason.

People vote if they want to.
If they don't care, they won't vote if you give them a day off.  They'll just play Xbox.

If you give them a passion, a reason to vote, someone to vote for, a feeling that they'll make a difference, they'll vote if you make them walk ten miles and endure violent protests to get into the poling place.
I look forward to all the Election Day sales at the stores. 
... You don't really need a whole day to vote. You need a certain amount of time, but not a whole day. Canadians are required to have 3 free consecutive hours on election day when the polls are open, i.e. if the polls are open from 7am-7pm then you need to start work at 10, get off work at 4, or have a 3 hour break during the day. If this doesn't change your schedule then there's no holiday.  

This makes sense. It's not a day for relaxing. If you're wanting to ensure that you have time to vote then argue for that, but it won't result in a whole day off work. Maybe you WANT a day off work (who doesn't?) but if you really just need to stand in line somewhere for up to an hour someplace close to your home, then it's not much of a reason for a national holiday. If the idea is that you want to spend a day celebrating the election then that's a different story.
People will just view it as a day off for vacation.  Hell, companies would probably start advertising "Election Day Discounts!" to encourage people to go shop.

Now, if they encouraged them to go shop, with a discount on proof of voting, people might actually do it.  

I think there are a ton of things we can do to entice voting, including streamlining the process, tax credits for voting (or fines for not voting), etc.  I think we still need to try a few more carrots before we do sticks though.
ITT: people who have zero idea about mail-in ballots/absentee voting
It isn't the time commitment that brings people to the polls,  it's the issues and the leaders.   Our recent Canadian election saw the highest turnout in over 20 years because citizens were engaged.   Just saying. 
Yes, voter turnout does worry a lot of the people in power. It worries them so much they do whatever is possible to prevent it. 
Instead, we should be able to vote at any time over the course of a week.
In California, employers have to allow an employee time off to go vote if they work through polling hours.  Seems like an easy law to me.
If we trust the USPS to deliver confidential information then we can trust the USPS to deliver ballots to all people. It's sad that we don't have automatic voter registration and all people able to vote by mail. If it's not secure now, then why wouldn't we allow it for everyone.
A holiday would be silly. In Washington state we vote exclusively by mail. We get our ballots a month early and just drop them off in the mail at our convenience. I dont understand why anyone would ever want to go to a polling location.
My ideal scenario 

Ring Ring: 

My name is John Smith, I live at 123 Fake Street, and I need a ballot sent to me.  My SSN ends in 4567.  My Wife, Mary Smith would also like one, her SSN ends in 8901.  

*Thank you for participating in your local/state/federal election, your ballots will be arriving within 1 - 2 business days, the election period ends in 28 days.*

3 Days after sending it back

Ring Ring

*The ballots for John Smith and Mary Smith, have been received and counted, thanks for voting*

A WHOLE day? To do alms thing that takes an hour or less? Please. How about people do that crazy "planning" thing their friends tell them about? 
Only in America this is the solution for low voter turnout... We know what causes low voter turnout, and election day being a holiday is not one of them...
There is zero need for a full day off to vote. Employers are already required by law to give employees time off to vote if they need it. Most people aren't voting because they don't care; not because they can't.
Election week.
I like the idea I read somewhere awhile ago that says employers must give employees a single 4-hour paid block of time to vote if their work schedule covers more than half of the time that the polling places are open in their state.

It gives both employees and employers flexibility of scheduling.   Further, such an arrangement encourages those employers to push for expanded voting hours or for alternative voting methods like mail ballot so that they won't have to pay employees extra.
In NJ we have vote by mail. Simply send in a request form and either for a specific election or every election going forward a ballot with a prepaid envelope will be mailed to your home a couple weeks ahead of the election. Fill it out and mail it back to the county, providing enough time for it to arrive by election day, and you're gold, you have voted.

Despite this most people still don't vote. I doubt a holiday will change things.
Or just mail ballots out like Washington State. I've voted more in the past year than I have the past 9 before it because it's so damn convenient. It even comes with a book with arguments for and against each initiative, and a bio for all the candidates with their stance on key issues.
You don't need a whole day.  Just mail it in.  I voted 2 weeks ago.
If they need time, then we don't need a holiday we just need for all states to offer early voting and/or no-excuse absentee voting.  
Doubt it would help. Oregon has a good model but even that wouldnt do much here in TX. The only way I knew it was votin time were the ads for and against the new tax proposals. Maybe if we required the media give up some air time to remind people that its close to/time to go out and vote. Otherwise people without any close vested interest in the outcome wont go through the effort to actually go vote. Another day off wont help civic engagement much, it'll just be another day for sales that we dont get any mail and cant do bank business.
Get your state to implement voting by mail. The people who get federal holidays off are the same people who have no issue with finding time to vote. 
Yes, never mind the weeks of early voting that's offered all day and after hours in roughly every precinct in the country.
Why? So people use it to go to the beach?

How about I be allowed to vote online and skip the line altogether. We do literally everything else online, and all the problems with it can be addressed. There is no reason for this to not be a reality other than for the purposes of obstructing voting.
Their hearts are in the right place but a national holiday wouldnt change anything at all. What we should focus on are automatic registration, early voting, and elimination of voter suppressing ID requirements as well as ensuring polling places are up to standard and equitable so that some people are not waiting literal hours to vote while others walk in and out like its a drive through.
No, if you want good turnout, do vote by mail. States doing vote by mail have ridiculously high turnout numbers. 
I live in Florida and have voted with and absentee ballot for the past 8 years. An app on my phone is the only way to make it any easier than it already is.

I am all for a day off from work though!
I don't know why advanced voting would be so hard to implement.  In Canada we had 4 days of advanced voting about 2 weeks ahead of the main election day.   Ultimately there was over 69% voter turnout.

Election day doesn't have to be a holiday, you just need to give people more days to vote.  I mean what if somebody is traveling on election day?  They're sick?  People should have more than a single 12 hour window to cast their ballot.
Isn't it already illegal to deny time off for employees to vote?

I could definitely see an argument for extending voting hours, but this seems like overkill considering the existing laws. 
The problem with this is that the people who don't turn out to vote because they have to work are working jobs that won't close if this is made a Holiday regardless. 


Here, here.  I *absolutely* need another day off... ahem, to vote.
Could I instead demand an Election Day curfew to prevent high voter turnout?
Why? There is TWO WEEKS of early voting, at least in Texas. Don't know about other states. If you can't get off your lazy ass for two weeks to go vote at lunch (I have NEVER had to wait in line during early voting, ever, and this is in Houston), then you're part of the problem.
just mail it?
Who thinks of this utter nonsense?  People don't vote because they don't give a fuck.  Tens of millions of people are too lazy or apathetic to spend the 2 min it takes to even register to vote.  What state doesn't have early voting, absentee voting, mandated time off to vote, or mail-in voting?

None.


An extra day won't get people to vote. The majority of Americans are too lazy to vote and a day off will not fix anything.
Colorado is a mail in only state now. Nobody needs time off to go to the damn post office or to their mailbox. 
Is this a joke? There is plenty of time throughout the day to vote, both before and after you get off work. It's insane that this many people need incentives like a free vacation day to actually make it to the polls. 
In Ireland our polls open from 7am to 10pm, gives you plenty of time to get down and vote, even on a 12h shift.
Why don't we just change the day we vote to veterans day. It's near the current day, it's already a holiday, and we'd be honoring our veterans by going to the polls and voting. 
When turnout is high, conservatives tend to not do as well.  Creating a new holiday for Election Day will never fly with Republicans.
Its true, but voter turnout doesn't necessarily mean a better election.

Democracy = rule by average.

When has anything been exceptional by being ruled by the average person? Companies? Nonprofits? Schools? Reddit?
As a non American: what's the problem about holding elections over the weekend? 
Never heard of early voting? If you don't bother with early voting (can be done on weeekends), you're not going to bother on a "holiday" 
There are always excuses. Here in Ireland the students unions continually complain that when the poll is held midweek, students don't have time to travel to their parents house to vote. Apparently registering to vote in the constituency where they now live is beyond their academic ability. 

Anyway, one poll was held on a Saturday and it had one of the worst turnouts ever.

Turns out students are just lazy fuckers.
Polls open at 6am and close 8pm - there is NO reason why we need another senseless national holiday. If you want to vote, you can vote.
Years ago in Guatemala I know that not only was voting day a holiday you couldnt even get alcohol! Whatever works to keep people voting. I especially like Australia's voting lottery!!!
Republicans bring up the spectre of voter fraud, but there have been tenths of a percent of fraudulent votes in the past decades of elections. 

I'm much more worried about institutional vote manipulation than individual voter fraud.
Don't most places let you mail in ballots? 
It wouldn't matter if they made it a national holiday. The only places that observe national holidays are primarily government jobs and banks. It's not going to help poor people be able to go out and vote. Restaurants, retailers, and other service jobs will stay open no matter what. 
Why not just have an election week?
ITT: I want a day off
[deleted]
Is it really that easy for Obama to make it a holiday?   Why the hell wouldn't he do it then?????? WTF Obama, get on it!!!
Why not make it a week of voting in stead of just an election day?  
  
Monday-Sunday voting.  Pick your day &amp; time.   
That's totally logical. We actually need more holidays where people who work actually get off work. We have too many fake holidays that are only for banks and government agencies. 
good idea! we should vote on it!
Why can't we vote online?
No I'm not worried. If you aren't willing to use all of the options for early voting at your disposal, you won't be willing to go vote on a day off
In Finland we have to two separate voting days and a voting day for each separate country if they are away abroad.

There's the official voting day and then there's early voting day.
I made the demand.  Problem solved? 
Mod of /r/electionfraud here, and I'm worried that making it easier for people to vote won't matter if votes can be flipped or rigged by corrupt technology or corrupt people. I'd like most to see voting on paper ballots. Electronic voting machines are frighteningly insecure and are not open in design. They are a black box design, so that when your vote goes in, and votes come out, there is little confidence that votes are being recorded correctly without a paper trail that can be audited.
Voter turn out has nothing to do with the lack of a holiday. It has to do with the fact the election system is shit.
Why don't we learn from other countries which do it right. Limit election time to two months and move elections to a weekend. 
Next time people file taxes they should be mandated to fill out a survey:  

* Are you registered to vote? If no, why not?

* Do you vote in every election? If no, why not? 

Seriously, this will at least get us closer to understanding *why* people aren't voting and allow for us to address the issues. Was it time constraints? Was it ineligibility? Do their states have fucked up voting laws preventing them from voting? Did they hate their choices? Do they just not care? 
I am from El Salvador, a 3rd world country, where we dont have potable water in parts of the country and yet - Voting Day is a Major Holiday, and people for the most part take pride in collaborating on the electoral process of the country and where it could possibly go, as corrupt as it is, people still go to Vote - gladly.

It is BEYOND ME, why a Major World Country leader like the US, does not have this as Law for citizens.
Ha,yeah right. Republicans will fight this like their existence depends on it, because it does. 
Voting holidays don't help those that need the holiday.
Except all the same people that have problems getting time off work to vote already don't get holidays off, so this would be useless. 
Lower voter turnout is good.  It increases the value of my vote.
Why do you people need so much time to vote? We have 85% voter participation and we dont have the day off. Its not like it takes more than 10-15 minutes and you can do it on your to or from work.
I would not be opposed to it, but at the same time I don't think its needed.  There are plenty of ways to vote and the polls are usually open long enough that the vast majority of people can vote.
As an hourly employee - fuck right off.  These stooges ping enough off the middle class as it is, why eliminate a workday to worship their pageant?  
Wait, what? Election day is not a work-free day in the US?

And you fucking dare think that 'Merica is the land of the "free"?
Couldn't we just do it over the weekend?  it won't make the problem disappear altogether, but it could reduce it a little bit.
In oregon everyone votes by mail.  You get 2 weeks or so to fill it out and you can drop it off or mail it back.  It's easy.. I take pride in voting on the shitter.
How would this help at all? 

There is not a single holiday now where you get time off work guaranteed. How would they require every workplace in the country give people a day off? 

I just don't see how an extra day for the government to be off work would help anyone vote. 
Honest question.  Is increasing the electorate necessarily a good thing?  People who are active and informed are going to know when and where to vote.  Does making it easier for less involved people to vote lead to better policy?
Add a new holiday to our calendar?  Sure sounds great, the reality of American culture is that we are losing vacation time.  The most obvious casualty is the upcoming Thanksgiving and retail employees being forced to work.  

You really think people (the average general person, not you specifically) wants a mandatory 12-24 hour holiday where they can't shop at their stupid Walmart or get a Starbucks?  Walmart isn't even closed for 24 hours on CHRISTMAS DAY.... I like the idea, but the general public doesn't want this.  They would actively fight against this with pitch forks...
Republicans are *very* worried about voter turnout. They're quite concerned that Democrats might vote!
No, getting even more uninformed people out to the polls is a very stupid idea if you are concerned more about the country than your political party's agenda. Of course *The Nation* would be supportive of it. More low-information voters benefits the Democrats. 
People have weeks to vote in most places. I really don't think this will significantly change turnout. Most people who don't vote are just too lazy/apathetic to vote. Giving them a holiday won't change that.  
Worried about voter turnout?

Let's start representing politicians that have no corporate association, connections or ties.

Then I'll register again.
My house rep had nobody running against him. There's barely a need to register for 1 man -- I did for local elections only this year and stayed off the federal vote.
We can't even get Christmas and Thanksgiving as government mandated holidays in the private sector. Most people don't work for the government. Why would you ever think this would work in this corporate fiefdom we call America? This is a pipe dream. It's far more reasonable to require states to provide the option to vote through the mail, but even that will never happen. Voter disenfranchisement does wonders for the Republican party.
Or do it like Canada and just let people vote over multiple days, like on *any* day of the election period...
This is a dumb idea.  National holiday's aren't required except by government employers, who already allow you to take time off to vote.  Either extend the amount of time we can vote to 2-3 days or allow for mail-in voting, those are your best options in my opinion.
Why are people so focused on voter turnout. The problem is not that special interests are out voting us, it is that they are convincing people to vote against their own best interests.

We need better voter education and information, not better turnout.
Early/Absentee voting nation wide.
We should be able to vote over the Internet.  We're lazy, so it would make it a lot easier for people.  There's a lot to figure out (security, etc.), but it could be done.

Also, I have pretty much given up voting in the U.S. Presidential election until they get rid of the Electoral College, and just count the overall number of votes nationally for each candidate.  Then my vote would actually mean something (though would still likely not make a difference)
Another Option... Vote-by-mail system the way Oregon does has gotten 70-80% voter turnout every election for a decade
Actually, what might boost voter turnout the most is for your ballot to also serve as a lottery ticket, with a hefty payout.  [Philadelphia is doing this, with a $10,000 prize.](http://time.com/4085367/philadelphia-voting-lottery/)
It's absolutely absurd to shut down the country so you get out and vote. Offer pre election voting, mail in voting, I think voting should be mandatory, but there is no justifiable reason why in the 21st century they expect every single person in the country (just kidding so many people don't qualify) to be able to take an hour or more out of the same day in the middle of the day to vote. Make it a weekend thing. 
[deleted]
You get like 12 hours on election day to go vote, sometimes even longer if lines are extra long, plus you have early and absentee voting available. This is totally unnecessary.
1. In most states it's incredibly easy to vote. If you can't find a couple hours every two years, or do it by mail, you're just lazy.

2. Police officers, doctors, nurses, firemen, gas station employees, various restaurants or grocery store employees, government employees, repairmen, tow truck operators, etc. would not be able to take a day off. Somebody has to work.

Again, people have years to know this is coming up.
Let me be very politically incorrect!

It really is not difficult to register and vote (honest, i have done this many times).  If people cannot be bothered to exercise their right to vote why should society be overly concerned?
Not this shit again...

In every State, there is a law that employers must give employees time off to vote. If you're so lazy that you can't get your ass up a little earlier to be at the polls at 7AM, or you can't be bothered to swing by your polling place on the way home from work, or if you can't even be bothered to apply for an absentee ballot, then you don't deserve to vote. 
I don't think this is the solution, because some people will still have work, and let's face, we wouldn't really use the extra time to vote, just to sleep in. 
That's stupid. There's more than enough time to vote if voting is what you want to do. 
Voting is already one of the simplest things to do by mail. 
Personally, I think everyone should be automatically registered, and if they vote they get a tax credit to compensate them for the bother, which is considerable for working class people.
Honestly, it doesn't matter.  Voter turnout is poor, but it's not because people don't have time to vote.  Even when people can vote by mail or submit an absentee ballot, voter turnout doesn't increase. 

People have lost all confidence in our government and really don't care enough to vote.  ... They'll still bitch about politics.  But they won't vote to change it. 
Time off, that is the concern? Bullshit. Citizens get what? 14 hours to vote? Most polling locations are close? And people still need a day off to do something that literally has never taken more than 30 minutes with waiting? Exactly how fucking lazy are people. If they can't pull it off as it is now, no way is a day off going to change things. Forever excuses will always be there.
ITT: People bitching about the possibility of getting another paid holiday off whatever the reason.  WTF!!!
Maybe people should come to your house and take your vote? Maybe give voters foot-rubs?
Want a higher turnout? Make election day April 16th so everyone who just sent the government a check still has it clear in their memory.
We get a fucking holiday for dead presidents, but we have to work when we vote. Just make voters' day a holiday. 
But how will the Republicans, who keep introducing voter-rights-restricting based laws in an effort to disenfranchise those who might have the audacity to not vote for them, win?
"But why would we want to do that if we don't want the young or poor to vote?" - Republicans
The polls in New York State are open 6 a.m. to 9 p.m.  You ought to be able to find time in that window.
Boss gives me the day off. I'm going to stay home and play video games.  At least I'll do something productive! 
This needs to happen! Voting day has to be a federal holiday, otherwise you get the same thing happening over and over. The elderly, more conservative, have time to vote, while the younger generations are burnt out from working all day.
I think that in Malaysia (correct me if I'm wrong), you can only vote in the place of your birth.  So, there is a holiday as many people travel the country, attend family reunions, and finish it off by going to the polls.   Always thought that was a fine way to encourage participation as well as commerce.  

We in the US must find a way to bring more people into the process while reducing cost.  Perhaps ballot by mail only.
I would MUCH rather see an online voting system.  This way people could vote on their computers / smart phones and would not have to wait in sometimes massive lines in order to cast a 5 minute ballot.  I believe online voting would immediately change the country.
Why only have ONE day to vote? 
Are absentee ballots not a thing in other states? California sends mine about three weeks before the election, I get to fill it out and send it in whenever I feel like before the election. No need to take time off
I agree with making national election days a mandated day off.

I disagree with the notion that voters do not have time to vote.  We have absentee ballots, early voting and polls that are open for 13 hours.

If you are eligible to vote and do not, you are either lazy or it simply isn't a priority to you.
Please keep it on a Tuesday. I can't wait for a 4 or 5 day weekend to go camping!
Fox News: "But the economy will collapse if everyone has the day off'
In indonesia, it's holiday on election day
Those damn Republicans keep stealing time from the day. What else will they think of!?
My father in law is opposed to making voting easier/more accessible. His argument is that it allows stupid people the chance to vote. 
Probably don't privatise the voting equipment too
Why not vote online?  (Seriously)  Any/most of us trust our identity and money online. And by the looks of it generally care more about those than our vote.
Here in Switzerland you can mail in your ballot for an entire three weeks and vote on Sunday morning. Turnout is 40%. In countries with recently acquired democracy, people stand in line for hours to vote happily.

The issue is enthusiasm.

However, better access to voting rights is still important. And overwhelmingly so to improve representativity.
The [Weekend Voting Act](https://www.congress.gov/bill/113th-congress/house-bill/1641)'s a far smarter solution, IMO.  We're not farmers needing enough travel times to take our horses to a polling place any more.
Yes, this is the problem. People just don't have enough time. #Groan#
I'm a Republican and I don't want people to vote.
I would love to see legislators' pay and term length tied to voter turnout.

"Only 25% turnout?  Ok, your $100K salary and 4 year term is now $25K and 1 year."

Then you might see some serious GOTV efforts.
Why hasn't the internet and technology companies truly disrupted the way we vote yet?
We have smart phones and apps that let you do anything and everything, yet I still vote on a punch card.
 
Why does it matter if 5% of the population votes for a Republican/Democrat or if 95% of the population votes for a Republican/Democrat? No matter what, voting in their elections isn't going to fix the country, its just playing into their hands.
Is it just me or does signing those petitions automatically sign u up for emails for a bunch of stuff listed at the bottom? 
In Puerto Rico's elections, which are always on the same date as the US presidential elections, the voter turnout is massive. The day is declared a holiday and polls are open basically all day. The voter turnout is always around 80% of registered voters. I would link a source to this comment but I don't know well how to do that. But you can google it and read all types of analysis as why people participate in the elections in the amounts they do.
Terrible idea- the last thing we need to be doing is giving the takers more time to lazy. All they're going to do with it is leech off our tax dollars and commit voter fraud! 
My opinion is for week-long online voting using your credit card ($.01 processing for records) plus SS number as ID. People who don't have access to these items can online vote at the public library with a screen protector on all computers (provided by the library). No results will be publicized until the polls close. 

I'm open to tweaking any parts of this.
It should be every election (presidential at least) not just a one time holiday
why not open polls for 2-3 days? until we are able to vote online, people need more flexibility with work, family, life to get out and vote. 1 day just isn't enough

Yes, let's make sure all the uneducated voters vote. That would be great!
Do what Canada does even, we get to take 3 hours off of work on election day to vote. 
Agreed on the condition we have a second holiday for "deliberation" where the purpose is for communities to gather and discuss the issues.
Why can't I just text my vote like American Idol??
This should be accompanied by a politcal sketch. I can't draw or I'd do it. 

The setting is a boxing ring. The spectators are average citizens. Someone more clever than I can decide who the ref is. In one corner, "Election Holiday". In the other corner, "Capitalism", who is being restrained as he is trying to rush his opponent in a fit of rage. 

That's all I got. I want a day off.
So force everyone unpaid day off so people can wait in line all day to cast a statistically insignificant vote for a politician they feel meh about? 

How progressive! 
It won't happen because they usually only want minorities with no job to vote - multiple times.
I just found out yesterday that my state (California) allows me to take 2 hours paid during my shift to go vote. 

I don't know how management will take it but oh well. 
Some holiday. 

Wait in line all day because the voting booths are so congested by all of the millions of people trying to vote on the same day.

Not to mention that the people running essential services like gas stations, electrical power generation, air travel, emergency response teams ( you know how many accidents there will be with all of those drivers on the road?) will still have to work in order to keep the country from falling apart.
New holiday? New day for me to work all day delivering pizzas while trying to make it through college! 
In Canada, you are entitled to three paid hours off of work to vote. The one main problem there is that thee hours is not enough time for some people to commute back and forth from. 
We don't need a holiday, we need 100% vote by mail.

Remember how the 2012 election had a record low voter turnout?

Yeah, in my Vote By Mail state it was 71%. More than double the national average.
Making yet another mid-week holiday would only result in a boom for the tourism industry. Why vote when you can turn that day into a four-day weekend and go see manatees at Panama City Beach? Don't you care about nature?
I'd rather have easy access to early voting, as well as mail-in ballots.
Or we could have a week long election to let everyone have more time to vote.
Or vote by mail, if possible.
In Texas we have two weeks of early voting, or you can mail it in. I always vote on voting day though, because I like the convivial atmosphere.

But we still only had 11% turn out in the last election, which was mainly for constitutional amendments. In the 2014 midterms we only had around 30% turnout.
I still wouldn't vote if I got the day off...
No, I'm not worried about voter turnout.  I don't mind if people with no passion for politics choose not to voice their poorly informed opinions.  You're also more likely to die in a car crash on the way to the voting booth than you are to actually have your vote change the result of an election, so I don't blame people one bit for not voting.

If I can file my taxes online, I should be able to vote online.  I already have a secure government login where I can access and file all kinds of sensitive information with the government.  That would improve voter participation far more than making a voting day holiday.  And yes, you might say that discriminates against poor people without computers, but transportation to the physical voting stations costs money too.
Uh.. People still have to work. Just encourage mail in, no need for a holiday.
Not gunna happen. Non-voters are too biased.
If you want better voter turnout, you have to make the process easier. It's not about having a day off, It's making the voting process as convenient as possible.

All technological and logistical hurdles aside, if you want more people to vote, you need to let them get registered as easy as possible, and make it easy to confirm where to vote. This may already be the case with smartphone apps. Second you need to make it so they can vote remotely. Want to vote from your house, car, phone? Sure.

Again I recognize all the technical reasons why these things are difficult, but vote anywhere is really the only way you're going to dramatically increase the voter turnout.
Debates never convince the people doing the debating. They are supposed to convince an audience (that hopefully has an open mind) that debater A, or debater B has more thoroughly thought out and more eloquently stated his/her point of view, and in so doing, countered attacks on that POV.

I would **love** to see this debate, but it will probably never happen.
Bernie can't agree to this as long as he's running for the Democratic nomination. DNC policy forbids doing any debating outside of its officially scheduled debates. 
I would watch that
Would this be allowed under the DNC?

It's a debate between presidential candidates, nevermind that they're pursuing the nomination of separate parties.
I really want to see this.  There's one thing I like about Rand Paul and that is that he speaks his mind.  He doesn't seem afraid to hurt feelings with his comments.  

&amp;nbsp;
&amp;nbsp;



Edit:  To clarify, I would find the debate entertaining.  I want to see it.  I never said that it was or wasn't possible according to DNC rules. I never said I liked Trump because he also speaks his mind.   I never said that Bernie Sanders doesn't also speak his mind. I never said Sanders was or wasn't a true socialist.  I never said Sanders does or doesn't believe in capitalism.  I never said Socialism and Capitalism couldn't coexist; never said they were mutually exclusive.  I never said Paul wasn't a crazy idiot.  I never said that Rand Paul has good ideas.  I never said that Paul is only doing this to remain relevant.  I never said that Sanders doesn't have the better track record.  I never said I was a Rand Paul supporter. I never said that debates do or don't achieve anything.  I never said that debates weren't for telling lies.    I never said that this wasn't a stunt on Paul's part.  I never said that Rand Paul is or is not hot.  

I never said that this debate has a realistic chance of happening.  All I said was that I wanted to see this debate and that one thing I like about Rand Paul is that he's not afraid to say what's on his mind.  That's it.  So spare me any comments that you have that don't fit into that little box. 
This is what the general election should look like. Two politicians with well-thought ideas.
except Bernie doesn't propose true socialism, rather democratic socialism. I'd still watch. 
I'd like to see this, and I'm not certain if there is a loophole for joint town hall meetings. Bernie Sanders has called for more debates, both within and between the parties. But this *could* just be a stunt to make it look like Sanders is chickening out of a debate, when in reality neither candidate would be able to participate without invalidating his partisan candidacy or at least his access to future sanctioned debates. Please, somebody correct me if I'm in error on this.
I'd watch this and I'm not even American.
USA. You need this debate. 
There are very stark differences from Paul's capitalism and Sanders' socialism. Paul believes that most institutions should be private, laxly related, and without any subsidization or affirmative action. Sanders believes in the complete opposite. Some redditors here are being disingenuous when they say that there is no difference.
&gt;He continued, “See Bernie… he says, ‘Oh, I believe in a benign form of socialism, democratic socialism.’ But here’s the problem—if a majoritarian takes away your rights, it’s not any different or less bad than an authoritarian taking away your rights.”

&gt;“We had this debate over whether majorities were correct a long time ago when we had Jim Crow laws. In the south, legislatures, majorities passed laws saying segregation, separate-but-equal was O.K. So they discriminated against a whole group of people in America. But that was a majority. A majority is not always right, and I think that you have rights that come from your creator that precede government that can not, should not, and must not be taken away from you by a majority, and I really, really object to Bernie’s understanding of what rights are,” added Paul.

This is how politicians should speak.
If I were Bernie, I would absolutely do this. Actually, it's a brilliant move by Paul. You don't even need a major network to buy in, just put it on the Internet. Once a few million Sanders supporters tune in, the media has to cover it. 
Literally Reddit: the debate
I'd like to see a more formal debate, one where there are actual rules and they are respected or the mic gets cut off.  It would be great to show people how pathetic the "debates" held so far have been with one that has both structure and substance.
I'd rather see Ron Paul and Bernie go at it
Ah yes...The Libertarian Capitalist vs the Social Democrat Capitalist debating the merits of Capitalism vs Socialism. Who's taking the side of Socialism again? I mean, neither of these candidates are Socialists, neither of them believe in or advocate for Socialist States...so yeah...I'm a little confused.
While I would really like to see that debate, it's hard not to see this as an attempt by Paul to get some much needed publicity.

[Sanders](http://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/2016/president/us/2016_democratic_presidential_nomination-3824.html) has been rising in the polls whereas [Paul](http://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/2016/president/us/2016_republican_presidential_nomination-3823.html) barely even registers. So Paul has much more to gain in doing this than Sanders does. 

But if they do it, I really hope it would be more than one hour. One hour leaves enough time for not much more than sound bites. This needs to be at least a few hours long to allow for serious discussion of the vast differences between their positions. 
Feels like a false pretense.  Just because Bernie Sanders considers himself a democrat socialist doesn't mean he wants to do away with capitalism entirely.
Too bad that Rand Paul isn't a libertarian, and Bernie Sanders isn't a Socialist.
What won't be debated: Capitalism (private ownership of the means of productions) vs Socialism (collective ownership of the means of production).
I would love to see this! Both are very principled and committed to their viewpoints. While I detest a lot of Rand Paul's positions, I do appreciate that he really fights hard for libertarian principles even in the GOP debates where it's tempting to say you'd bomb everyone and everything just to score political points.
I would watch the shit out of this debate. It's not really Socialism vs. Capitalism it's democratic socialism vs. laissez–faire capitalism. 
I'm Conservative and Rand Paul is such a breath of fresh air. I will most likely be voting for him and would be very interested to see this debate. I don't agree with socialism at all but I always appreciate a good debate
But... But... They're both capitalists...

edit - Guys, Bernie's social democracy philosophy is not in opposition to the fact that he accepts private industry and ownership. You can be a capitalist and a social democrat at the same time. Bernie casually misuses the terms capitalist, democratic socialist and social democrat [to the confusion](http://www.nytimes.com/2015/10/20/upshot/bernie-sanders-democratic-socialist-capitalist.html) of more than just you guys. I think he understands that, but he's using words that will tune us in to describe his philosophy. Sanders and Paul are really both capitalists, they just disagree on the proper use of capital.
I'd pay to see this.
I'd really enjoy watching this. Both of them are very bright, very articulate people who can truly debate.


"Promote the general welfare" seems to have been higher on the list as a function of government for our founding fathers. "Capitalism" is an "ism" of an economy, not per se of a government, though government may have policies to support it.

Trump would be a more fitting leader of a government of Capitalism, if he ran government like a business.
Here is the end of the debate: Why does it have to be Socialism or Capitalism?  Combine them together to have a more forward thinking form of government that would allow people freedom to do what they want and provide a safety net that the capitalist are unwilling to provide. 
I'm so sick of this idea that there's a toggle switch in the white house that just flips the economy to socialism or capitalism. Every successful economy has elements of both. Does rand want our roads, schools, and military to be privatized? 
yeah small problem Sanders is a social democrat meaning he also belives in capitalism just curbed to catch the excesses. 

If Rand wants a debate he should debate wether or not there should be gov interventions (aka social/coorporate welfare ).
If sanders accepted, it would be like he's saying he's running as a socialist. He's not, he's running as a social democrat.
"Socialism vs Capitalism"

Talk about a loaded challenge. By framing it as socialism vs capitalism you're misrepresenting Bernie's viewpoint. Bernie is a capitalist. Just further left than Paul.
&gt;But here’s the problem—if a majoritarian takes away your rights, it’s not any different or less bad than an authoritarian taking away your rights.

So he's saying if a majority of USA (the party that wins the general election) decides that your tax dollars should go to the defense sector, he is authoritarian and taking away your rights? Interesting...
Paul vs. Sanders would be an excellent race for presidency. Two intellectuals with reasonable, yet, in many ways, opposing ideologies.

Shame it will never happen.
The fact that this probably won't happen is disgusting. This is exactly what our political system needs. Less bickering and name calling and group debates and more personal debates where two people can sit down and debate about the things that matter. It's honestly depressing that our political system does not support these kinds of things.
It'd be nice to see a civil discussion of ideas without one attacking the other. 

It'd be fun to see but in pretty sure they'd both get in trouble because you can't participate in non-party sanctioned debates. However, it would be a good boost for either candidate because they can explain themselves deep enough to be fully understood. 
USA already has socialist policies, its just a matter of degrees.
It's the debate we need, but not the one we deserve right now. Shame it won't happen. It'd be a smart move by everyone. Sanders and Paul get exposure, and a chance to educate a wide audience, and whoever hosts the thing gets to hype it up and bring in lots of viewers and ad-money. 
The premise is fallacious.  Bernie is not advocating total socialism, democratic socialist countries are still fundamentally capitalist, they're just much better at regulating negative externalities inherent in the system.  
What a stupid idea, and clickbait title. There is no socialism vs capitalism debate to be had.


 Sanders isn't anti-capitalism. Not any more than FDR or any progressive liberal was. He is running with the idea of fixing a broken system, not abolishing entrepreneurship, or capitalism. 

Progressive and 'socialist' reforms are not the antithesis to capitalism. It's about finding a safer and more equal progression of capitalist economics, just like we did after the industrial revolution and the great depression. 

 Look at Denmark, American pundits/politicians call it a "socialist" state, but **it's really one of the most successful "market" societies in the world**. 
This would be great! Really hope it happens.
I imagine it would be an hour of Bernie going: But that's not what socialism is. and Rand going: Yes it is.
Except Sanders isn't a socialist, he's a "democratic socialist" which in contemporary vernacular for welfare capitalist.  Wanting higher taxes and larger social programs does not mean you're a socialist.  


This is just grandstanding by a candidate who is buried behind a sea of other candidates, desperately trying to gain visibility. He must be out of his mind at how successfully Sanders campaign is faring against what was thought to be the unstoppable campaign of Hilary Clinton.
It would be interesting, since Paul does not know the actual definitions or practical definitions of either.....  
I don't know if these two guys are the ones I would pick to champion both viewpoints, but I would watch this anyway. 

America needs to have a debate on the role of government in their lives, which is really what this is about. It's been about a 100 years of incremental change in fits and starts...it's time to lay it all out and move in one direction or another.
But this isn't an either-or situation.

Look folks, "capitalism" and "free-market capitalism" are completely amoral. Not immoral - amoral. They brought you such winners as slavery, Pinkertons, toxic waste dumping, etc. If murder were legal, there would be firms specializing in getting it done for you for a competitive price. (So anti-murder laws are regulations!)

Bernie Sanders isn't for nationalizing the rail system, he's just for making sure the trillions upon trillions of dollars that move through our economy also, in small part, prevent people from starving to death, and maybe educate some of them, etc.

You can have democratic socialism (like medicare/medicaid!) alongside capitalism. You don't have to pick between one or the other.
More appropriate would be to debate Fascism vs Socialism. Bernie Sanders is not anti Capitalist, he's anti Fascism. Rand Paul is much better suited to make a case for the ideals of Fascism he and other Republicans so much believe in.
Great- so people will get even more confused. Sanders really needs to STOP calling it democratic socialism. it implies that he is anti capitalist which he is not. He does not call for an end to private property. he does not call for public ownership of production. All he is doing is advocating changes in fiscal policy- specifically raising taxes to pay for an expanded safety net. And mind you such programs are very very popular in countries that have them. The term "socialism" should not even be entering the discussion. 
Sanders will not agree to this. This will not happen. I will shit in my hat and wear it if this happens. I will ~~get~~ bet anyone here $50K right now that it will not happen.

It is way, *way* easier to just get up there and say, "Everything should be free. Healthcare, housing, education, food, transportation, income, and recreation. I promise you all of these things, and more."

There is no reason for Sanders to do this debate. He stands to gain nothing, but stands to lose his entire free-everything platform, as it would only take 5 or 10 minutes to dismantle it as absurd and irrational.
Here's a preview:

[Sanders vs Paul on the right to healthcare](http://www.occupydemocrats.com/watch-bernie-sanders-schools-rand-paul-on-why-healthcare-is-a-right/)
It's not about socialism vs capitalism, Bernie is a capitalist. He is a democratic socialist which just means he believes in regulations to the free market that help to benefit society as a whole. He is NOT a pure bred socialist. The whole idea of this debate is obnoxious, let alone the fact that Bernie cannot agree lest he get banned from the few democratic debates that remain. 
Is it too much to ask that they join forces? If anything to at least upset the constipated gridlock corruption that is thriving in either party.

Both of these men *need* more exposure, because I swear these two are the only truly sane (as in they actually give a damn about the issues that matter) candidates running. No bullshit; just the issues, and the people. This is the debate the country needs to see, to at the very least become aware of the important issues. 

Just don't call it Socialism vs. Capitalism, they can in fact exist together.
Yes, *this* is what we need: the most qualified candidates to debate on their main views which are incredibly opposite. I don't care of this ends up boosting Sanders' support more than Paul's, as long as people realize these are the people to vote for. Fucking Trump and Clinton are jokes blocking the true presidential material.
This is what a debate should be. Unadulterated well thought out debate between two ideologies. I'd pay very good money to watch this. 
I would watch the everlovin hell out of this.
It sounds cool but Brenie would be doing Rand a favor while getting nothing out of it himself. 
Makes no sense. Bernie Sanders is from a non U.S citizens viewpoint (aka me) a centre left candidate.  He's so far removed from what an non U.S. Citizen would call 'socialist' it's like asking the Burger King to have a debate with Ronald McDonald about lettuce.

The right wing has so successfully vilified the term 'socialist' for benefit of their own agenda it's like you've never even got past the 50's soviet era scare all over again.

Does Rand know that you can have a little of both at the same time and that we do already have both? 
Socialism and Capitalism are not apposing structures and should not be subject to a this-or-that style debate. Every developed country utilizes both to a degree. The former dictates government policy; the latter, economics. Objectively speaking - the countries that embrace this interplay function most effectively (in terms of their citizens quality of life). The premise of this debate is flawed and it would only serve to further polarize an already misguided electorate.
While I'd love to watch this I think it'd just look desperate for both candidates. Don't think it would help either of them at all.
&gt;“We had this debate over whether majorities were correct a long time ago when we had Jim Crow laws. In the south, legislatures, majorities passed laws saying segregation, separate-but-equal was O.K. So they discriminated against a whole group of people in America. But that was a majority. A majority is not always right, and I think that you have rights that come from your creator that precede government that can not, should not, and must not be taken away from you by a majority, and I really, really object to Bernie’s understanding of what rights are,” added Paul.
  
This is really disingenuous of Rand Paul, seeing as how he has stated that private businesses should be able to discriminate against customers. He's against the principles of the Civil Rights Act and makes no secret of the fact that he thinks property rights &gt; civil rights. 
  
Trying to link Bernie to Jim Crow with this quote is pathetic and dishonest. His supporters like to present him as an outsider, but it doesn't work if he keeps saying shit like this.
First question: how would you televise it, HBO or PBS?
This would be fantastic for Bernie, I'm sure Rand Paul understands how much it'd help his campaign to explain his version of Socialism to people.  It's kind of a scary word right now and Hillary gets screwed in this scenario.
That would look great on Rand Paul's resume, but not so good on Bernie's
If this did happen, I'd hope it would be in a place without a live audience, just the two of them and a moderator. 

I know that sounds weird, but to be honest they'd most likely clap and applaud for anything Sanders would say, and Paul would have to wait for the applause to die down because you can't talk over a crowd, ultimately giving the impression that Sanders is right. Does that make sense?
Wait. Wouldn't that disqualify Sanders from any additional DNC sanctioned debates?

Nevermind.

"It has been theorized that Democratic National Committee rules may prevent Sanders from debating Paul in an officially-sanctioned event, but on the other hand, the fact that Paul and Sanders are both U.S. senators who would ordinarily debate each other under the course of their typical duties may limit the DNC’s ability to block the two from participating in a joint town hall."
Sanders stands nothing to gain from that. 
I'd be all for it, but it would disqualify one or both due to engaging in an unsanctioned debate.  A forum, as done by MSNBC, would be a good loop hole and I'd watch that.
hold on fellas....let's weed out the bushes and clintons first, you can debate all day long once you're both the nominees, let's make that happen first
Fine, hit it!  Who's moderating?
"No. Nope. Not happening. No unauthorized debates under my watch!" -DNC Chairwoman
This is definitely the makings of a good debate. Rand Paul is the only rational republican who can still debate and seems a little somewhat honest and Bernie is Bernie.
They both bring something interesting and could actually have an intelligent and enlightening discussion.  I can't even imagine this since I've never seen anything in my 40+ years involving politics that wasn't a joke!
I will pay money to see this
This debate would be pointless. It comes down to this: "[I believe we] have rights that come from your creator that precede government that can not, should not, and must not be taken away from you by a majority, and I really, really object to Bernie’s understanding of what rights are"

But if you don't buy the first point...its just talking past each other. It'd be utter nonsense and uninformative. I'd watch and side with Bernie. A Randian would watch and side with Paul.
I think Rand Paul is attempting to show Sanders supporters that he too doesn't wish to cater to millionaires and billionaires.  Sort of like a conservative version of Sanders.  I'm not sure it'll work though given one of his top donors is the Koch brothers.  That's too easy to capitalize on in a debate with the public watching. 
I would watch the shit out of this.
Scrolling through the comments disappointed. Why do you guys care about a debate? It's a caricature of an actual argument. It feeds off people's own bias and nobody proves shit. They should have a dance off. It will accomplish the same, but at least I'd watch (Sanders would lose)
&gt; It has been theorized that Democratic National Committee rules may prevent Sanders from debating Paul in an officially-sanctioned event, but on the other hand, the fact that Paul and Sanders are both U.S. senators who would ordinarily debate each other under the course of their typical duties may limit the DNC’s ability to block the two from participating in a joint town hall.
It's time Americans end the abolishment of the middle class and the failing war on drugs. It's time we stand, with Rand.
Fucking bring it.
This is the presidential race I want...
Regardless of what you think about Paul's policies, this is a really smart political/publicity move. Paul would only have to share the stage with one guy instead of six other maniacs attacking the moderator, each other, and Hilary. Of course this assumes that he doesn't get absolutely destroyed by Sanders. 
I don't know if it's funny or scary that people become so closed minded to one side or the other. I don't agree with everything that Rand says, or everything that Bernie says, but I do like some of what both of them have to say. But reading through these comments, some people's opinions are so blatantly jaded, that I made up my mind: it's scary. 
I want
But hes not socialist :/
YES. This would be so good for both of them, but Bernie specifically. I think people see "socialism" and assume a lot of things that are untrue. This debate would really clarify a lot of things for the public.
These two should be the candidates tbh
I find it hilarious that the best actual debate we've had so far has been on fox business.
Feel like Rand is just trying to edge into the following sanders has lol. Either way, would be interesting to watch. Probably a lot more real and informative than the debates now. 
reddit (myself included) would collectively jizz themselves so hard if this actually took place
What's unfortunate is that I feel these two could almost make very strange bedfellows, much like the synergy and mutual respect between Ron Paul and Kucinich. 

It's high time we recognized that libertarians and authoritarians come in a variety of stripes. We've been fucked over for so long because when push comes to shove, libertarian socialists/progressives ally with their authoritarian counterparts and likewise with conservatives.

Instead of bitching about how Nader ruined Gore's chances, we should question the system that punishes the principled and honest of all stripes.
Rand Paul challenges Bernie Sanders to hour-long debate on Dogs vs. Cats
I actually want to see this, as long as both sides remain respectful to each other.
[Here's a previous exchange between them two](https://youtube.com/watch?v=YUXwDMqjC-A)
Jeb Bush challenges Hillary Clinton on corporatocracy vs. corporatocracy.

Ted Cruz challenges Martin O'Malley on sociopathy vs. being an adorable puppy dog.

Trump challenges everything, everywhere, everyhow.
Oh man this would be so great to see. This might turn out to be an actual debate, and not just the pathetic things we call debates that we have now.
I don't mind a little social welfare, but "socialist" worshipers frequently deny the relevance of innate ability and how it influences mankinds prosperity.   Understanding how mankind prospers is the most important issue in developing good politics.   
Pacquio vs Mayweather: master debater edition 
I would love this but Bernie needs to destroy hillary on debate asap 
This is a stupid premise! Bernie isn't advocating a socialist government! He's recommending a social democracy! Only reason he has called himself a socialist is to separate himself from the democratic party of the past couple decades.
I wasn't under the impression that Sanders wants to remove capitalism. He seems to want a capitalist economy with socialist-democratic policies. Sort of like the Scandinavian countries.
It's a fantastic concept - but I dare to think Bernie would have more trouble in this format. He's a fantastic communicator, but seems to be far better at "How things ought to be" than "How things will actually happen." 
Let's hope we get to see this debate... several times next fall.
The one thing libertarians and liberals agree on:  this debate must happen.
Saddest fact is that due to the DNC debate restrictions, Paul - And other Republicans come to think of it - could easy spin a refusal as Democrats being afraid to debate him/them.
A debate I would dearly love to see. It would be a lot more interesting and relevant than the current freak shows going on.
This would maybe be the best thing ever. I would love to see this happen.  And I think it could be great for both Rand and Bernie in that it could be some great media coverage (although I'm sure the main stream media will marginalize it) and a great way to get their views out there in a real debate.
I'm pretty sure Sanders does not disavow free market capitalism. He just thinks that there should be elements of socialism as well.

That's the problem with many on the GOP and other idealists--they see the world as black and white. But it's a a mixture, just like government, which should contain both elements of the free market/capitalism and socialism. It's the way is is now and the way it was under Reagan. 
That would be an interesting "debate" to watch.
We're already socialist. The people bail out the banks and auto industry. 

Yet new industries like electric cars, solar energy and DFS gaming have to jump through hoops to have a chance. 

Capitalism leaks into healthcare and education.  That's an issue. We're socialist in the wrong ways and Capitalist in the wrong ways. Capitalism could work and should work. But we've mucked it up. So now we'll go to an extreme end as an over correction and get back toward the middle eventually. 
How can they have debate on that subject when democratic socialism requires capitalism? They aren't mutually exclusive concepts. A debate on neo-liberalism vs democratic socialism would make more sense. 
If only Bernie Sanders were a socialist...
Bernie Sanders actually has a shot at the nomination right now. (A small one, but a shot nonetheless.) Rand Paul does not. Sanders won't do this until is campaign is over.
A better debate would be on the relationship between the failure of religion and the fear of socialism.
Epic Rap Battle!
I don't think it's socialism, per se. It's benevolent capitalism 
I too would love to see this debate. 

However it seems like the fact that Democratic Socialism involves a capitlist economy is overlooked.
Ayy remember that time Rand Paul disregarded medicine and perpetuated Ebola hype lmao same. 
"In the south, legislatures, majorities passed laws saying segregation, separate-but-equal was O.K. So they discriminated against a whole group of people in America. But that was a majority. A majority is not always right, and I think that you have rights that come from your creator that precede government that can not, should not, and must not be taken away from you by a majority."

Almost had me until this quote.  Of course separate but equal was a bad tide.  But it receded.  To plant your moral high ground on something that corrected itself is not very wise.  Once again the conservative paranoia shines through.

What the hell is a Democracy any way if you can't get your rights taken away by a majority?  Why would he say this?
Don't sink to the level of that neo-confederate racist.
what if we want social capitalism?
Rand Paul desperately trying to stay relevant.  I think you just stop trying, little Randy, your numbers are already too short.
&gt; "A majority is not always right, and I think that you have rights that come from your creator that precede government that can not, should not, and must not be taken away from you by a majority, and I really, really object to Bernie’s understanding of what rights are,”

1st Amendment:
Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances. 

Am I totally ass-backwards about this?

 I will take any answer into consideration. Why does it say "Congress shall make no law respecting establishment of Religion" but there is a law that keeps religious donations tax-exempt? Multi-billion dollar organization...non-taxed.

I'm no political or Philosophy expert by any means, but my creator(s) are 2 people who met and drank the blood of Christ together at a cabin-getaway 30 years ago. (They totally boned and here I am.) All I know is there is hard evidence proving that our home and planet is dying.

I hope Rand's creator can save us if our government can't, but I have more faith in Bernie doing something about it than Rand depending on his creator.  

If there is a God, I hope he reaches out in peoples' prayers and says, 

"I'm sorry I don't have the technology to tell you that The Big Book is outdated.  But, for the love of God...please, stop destroying what I have created for you."

  



I'd like to debate the two of them, off the record, for as long as they'd like.

I mean, the media circus isn't going to produce anything even if it were plausible. Who knows though, Bernie might agree to this! Ron Paul would be considerably more interesting either way.
Strange that the guy polling at 3% would call somebody out like that! "I double dog DARE you to give me a platform to piggyback off of your relative successes!"
As with any debate this should end with the conclusion that the "truth" lies somewhere in the middle and we should turn towards Social Capitalism.
You know what they should do, is host a live stream of a skype call between them or something. That's not breaking any rules is it? Just a friendly conversation between colleagues about capitalism and socialism.
Too bad Bernie isn't a socialist.

It would be an interesting debate if it was just a general policy debate between them, as they both represent approaches to policy that are relatively popular among the public, yet merely played lip service to (at best) in actual halls of power. But strictly 'socialism vs capitalism' would be lame.
Raawwrrr. Battle of the nice guys
Rand Paul is literally just trying his hardest 2 stay in the spotlight. IT will b a sea of parroted bumper stickers on his end
Democratic socialism isn't an opposite thing to capitalism. Capitalism is more about private property, the absence of privilege, and the reinvestment of capital into the company. Democratic socialism is about the redistribution of riches to ensure *social security*. 

We can think of social security as a system that ensures that your right to life and health are kept up despite the shortcomings of the capital system. Social democracies developed in part to make make social security universal, whereas before it was more haphazard and in private hands. 

Social right can be hugely beneficial for business, because they ensure that the workforce is dynamic in two ways: (1) State payed reeducation can retrain parts of the population who's skills are obsolete to fill new needs in the job market, and (2) Unemployment money are often given on the condition that the applicants will be willing to move to get a job, and, with the help of social security money, they will often be able to do so. 

Here in Norway we have a very large active workforce because we pay maternity leave (a social security measure), which ensures the rights of women to reenter their work after the leave is over. Along with this we have garuanteed that there will be a place for your child in kindergarden - which is also a prerequisite. Kindergarden is not free, but state subsidised. Some kindergardens are privately owned, some state owned. 

Capitalism is fuelling the state, which is fueling social security for people, which are fueling business.
Fun fact, Bernie cannot debate any any debates not sanctioned by the DNC or else he forfeits being able to go to the rest of the DNC ones
This is the debate I've been hoping for. Libertarian vs Socialist. 
other than the common mistake that socialism stands in opposition to capitalism, which it doesn't: i would gladly watch that debate.
Paging Netflix
The problem with news stories like this is that they are misleading: Social Democracy is not an opposite take on capitalism. It's a *better* take on capitalism.

Norway, Sweden, and Denmark are Social Democracies that Sanders has often voiced his admiration for. All these countries are capitalist societies: H&amp;M and Ikea, two of the world's largest corporations, are Swedish! To imply there is a debate to be had is ridiculous! They even share many of their problems with the U.S.: Norway's economy is just as dependent on fossil fuels as the US; or even more dependent, as oil and gas exports are a huge part of the Norwegian economy. But (and here is the difference) lucrative corporate and personal earnings are taxed and the money is reinvested by the government to provide services to all citizens that the free market won't because they aren't economically profitable (healthcare, childcare, all levels of education, humane rehabilitation of criminals, infrastructure, and research just to name a new). 

Many Middle Eastern countries also use this model; although their economies are undiversified and rely on oil exports (not a model you want to imitate), the proceeds are reinvested in Education and Healthcare at all levels in places like the United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia and Kuwait. 

I agree that there is a debate to be had as to which services should and should not be furnished by the government. But headlines like these misinform the American public, especially as an underfunded school system makes people very easy to mislead. 
The thing is, Bernie has never said anything about being anti-capitalism.  Socialism and capitalism coexist together much better than apart.  The only real debate is how much Socialism do you need in a capitalistic system to make it somewhat fair and equitable for as many people as possible, while providing incentive for success.  Pure capitalism and pure Socialism are both shitty systems that have little chance of long term success on their own.  
Desperation from Rand. Just drop out dude. No one is buying your bullshit.
It'd be great if there was a 2 hour debate to allow fact checkers to flag untruths as the candidates say them and edit them into the tape.
To accept this debate on it's premise feels kinda like a fools errand. Given that our system is a mixture of both capitalism and socialism - to be forced to advocate for pure binary of either capitalism or socialism - a fun intellectual exercise but not worth the risk for the leading presidential hopeful (of this pair).

Now, a debate about whether we could stand to strike a better balance between the two - that's worthwhile IMO.
fantastic idea, too bad Bernie would never do it.  
I would love to see this debate outside of the context of the election. I think it would be interesting and informative. 
Reminds me of the Rumble on Bullshit Mountain with Jon Stewart and Bill O'reilly. 
These things aren't mutually exclusive but who cares Americans seem to have confused capitalism with God and socialism with the Devil, you know easily digestible narratives.  
Isn't this a false dichotomy though?  Is he challenging him to a debate on unfettered capitalism vs. complete state control of markets?  Because you can have socialism and capitalism.
I think this would be good except...Bernie is a Socialist in the same was a widow is a Black widow.  They sound the same but are different.  Plus...the Dems will not allow this...
He has no problem with most of capitalism iirc... not sure how much of a debate it would be.
I would love to see this debate. Not to get plastered all over CNN, but in an academic setting where they can truly test their ideas. 

I'm curious to see if either one of them could break out of his populist rhetoric and get to the core of the issue. 
The debate is not between a Soviet era style of socialism and an idealistic version of capitalism; it's between a Scandinavian styled social democracy, which has a progressive tax structure, strong social safety net, and a reasonably regulated free market, versus what we have in the USA now, which is corrupt crony capitalism, corporate welfare, and wealth redistribution through military contracts.
I would love to see a substantive, evidence based, debate between these two candidates, hosted by Politifact, or someone like that, interrupting them,  and disputing lies, distortions, and misinformation.
Wtf? Bernie isn't against Capitalism in the academic sense. He is against crony capitalism. Which, I assume, Rand is against. Right? 
This is stupid, because the whole idea here is that Rand is trying to make Bernie look radical, etc. But Bernie is all for capitalism, he just has a humanist view on things and sees corruption. He is not "a socialist" and certainly not the opposite of "capitalist"
What? Does he realize that Bernie isn't advocating for Socialism? Does he realize that countries like Sweden and Denmark still definitely use capitalism? Now if he meant libertarian vs Social Democracy then I'd love to watch that debate.
My God, please let him accept. Rand would humiliate Bernie without mercy.
Call it a "forum" instead of a "debate" to protect Sanders from DWS's silly rules.  It would be great exposure for two serious politicians while excluding a lot pointless noise from others.  
Doesn't Rand have better things to do?

*checks polls*

I stand corrected.
Bernie, if you don't do this. You are a fucking sell out.
Bernie has no problem with Capitalism. He just thinks it needs to be regulated and it's not the solution to every problem.
I would love to see this.
This could be the best debate in years and be the foundation of the next generation of parties. Two of the most civil, open minded politicians we currently have who would engage in a thoughtful and provocative debate.

At this point many of us have to realize that both sides have valuable propositions. To see people (not puppets) engage in a respectful debate over the most reasonable path forward for our country would be extraordinary in our current media and political frenzy. 

I truly hope Bernie will accept. 
&gt; “We had this debate over whether majorities were correct a long time ago when we had Jim Crow laws. In the south, legislatures, majorities passed laws saying segregation, separate-but-equal was O.K. So they discriminated against a whole group of people in America. But that was a majority. A majority is not always right, and I think that you have rights that come from your creator that precede government that can not, should not, and must not be taken away from you by a majority, and I really, really object to Bernie’s understanding of what rights are,” added Paul.

Is he undermining our democracy here? Our democracy is built on the idea of voting, and if more than 50% say something should be, then something should be.

Of course not every law is a good idea, that's why we have the checks and balance of the Courts.

But Paul is suggesting that we shouldn't listen to what the majority of Americans want, because they might not be "right" about it. That's not how our democracy works, Paul.

But it doesn't really surprise me, considering the GOP. They do all they can (gerrymandering, voter id laws, voter suppression, etc) to make sure the majority of Americans are not accurately represented in their government.
Why vs? Socialism works better inside capitalism, theres no versus here. Do you like pensions? Pensions are socialism, do you like family programs? Pay smart poor students to continue studying? More socialism. Most socialist things are smart things to do inside a capitalist society, win-win things.
Socialism?

Is Bernie actually arguing for socialism, as in "public ownership of the means of production", or is he in support of social democracy, like they have in Northern Europe?
Bernie should challenge Rand Paul to a debate on Democratic Socialism vs Corporate Plutocracy.
Look at Rand Paul, trying to stay relevant by latching onto someone else's coattails.

How cute.
America is a form of social democracy with a regulated capitalist economy.

If the US were a purely capitalist society there would be no public schools, no Social security, no Medicare, no veterans administration, no workers comp, no park systems....not even public water systems.....you get the idea, nothing owned and operated by the citizens. Everything would be privately owned and operated by wealthy share holders and available on a fee for service basis and priced beyond the means of 25% of the population. That's what a pure Capitalist society would look like.

That's not what we have, but that's what the far right wants.....That's whats behind the push to privatize **everything**.

What we actually have is a  society with a regulated capitalist economy in which citizens, collectively, provide social services for fellow citizens through the democratically elected government. A Democratic Socialist form of government just like all the prosperous western societies. 

The far right would have us believe that services provided by the government are somehow un-American when, in fact, the concept is enshrined in the preamble of the constitution:

*"We the People of the United States, in Order to form a more perfect Union, establish Justice, insure domestic Tranquility, provide for the common defense,* **promote the general Welfare** *and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America."*


The problem is that Americans think capitalism of the form they picture in their heads will save them from poverty. The problem is that the form of capitalism they believe is right differs wildly from reality. Same as the idea of socialism. A guy I talk to frequently said that if the left get in, they'll take one of his houses away and give it to a homeless guy. 

To argue a point, you need to define the two camps. I would bet that the two arguments are often arguing from the same side on most economic issues. The arguments themselves are vague. Capitalism is regarded as freedom coming from the right.

Socialism is regarded as freedom coming from the left.

Both have their enemies which turn out to be straw men created by popular opinion.
Bernie Sanders is not a Socialist. He is a Democratic Socialist. Much different. But I would love the see this debate. I love Rand's father, and Rand just a little less.
I'm gonna call this right now: Rand Paul's definition of the word "socialism" is something completely different than Bernie Sander's definition.  They wouldn't even be debating the same topic.
This would be pointless for Bernie. He's actually contending on the democratic side and Pauls campaign is gasping for air.  

This would be like Floyd Mayweather fighting Ronda Rousey sure it would be fun to see but one side really has nothing to gain.  
This is absurd. The 2 are not mutually exclusive. 
So easy... 

**Bernie**: "Here is a list of taxpayer funded Socialist programs provided by the US government:"

* military
* police
* firefighters
* voting
* postal service
* Medicare
* Medicaid
* Social Security
* healthcare
* public libraries
* public schools
* government college grants, scholarships, and loans
* roads (except toll roads)
* FDA
* EPA
* Sewage treatment
* FCC
* FEMA 
* Parks and Recreation
* EBT/ Foodstamps
* Zoning Laws
* Airport Security 
* garbage collection
* Farm subsidies
* CIA
* FBI
* museums
* Jails/Prison system
* VA
* Vaccines
* Court system
* IRS
* public street lighting
* OSHA
* Census Bureau
* DOE
* customs and border protection
* DOJ
* and more...

**Rand Paul**: "durrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr, um, less government, free market, government is evil, profits, durrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr."

**My opinion**: The government does a lot with our tax money. We should audit it and make sure it is being spent properly, maybe create/adjust some programs to work more efficiently. We should not remove or privatize great programs that provide a stable society THAT WE PAY FOR WITH OUR TAX MONEY. Those rich assholes do not have to worry about taxes, yet they want to mess with the programs that affect the normal person.  Some of them only want to mess with it so they can privatize programs so their friends can make money.  Some of them just believe that government is too big and evil.  There are some programs that should exist for the sole purpose of creating a stable society, not profits at all costs.
It's funny because neither of them will win a primary. 
Rand Would DESTROY Sanders.... 
I want liberty! I will stand with Rand! I believe he'd wipe the floor with Bernie
Bernie Sanders is not a socialist. 30 years ago he would have been considered just left of center. Now, they make him look like some radical leftist since everyone else is moving right at the speed of light.
Well then hes an idiot because Capitalism is an economic system and Socialism is a form of governance. Not only are they not exclusive, but in most cases they exist side by side. 
Paul: How are you gonna pay for it?

Sanders: Durrrrrrrrr.

There, I just saved you an hour.
Bernie is going to get destroyed.
Except Bernie sanders isn't a socialist. He's a social democrat. He wouldn't hand over the means of production to the workers, and he's still very much a capitalist, just one that advocates regulation
Two non economists debate the merits of economic systems. Next up Justin Timberlake &amp; Will I Am will debate audit planning and fraud assessment. 
The problem with this is Rand Paul's framing for the debate is already wrong. Both Bernie and Paul believe in a largely market based economy. The debate REALLY should be titled: Scandanavian style Capitalism vs. Libertarian Capitalism. And really, if people want to see something interesting on this topic, just watch Michael Sandel's Harvard Justice course. 
They're both socialist-lite. What would be the point of this, other than aggrandizing themselves?

I like both and think Sanders would lose. His solution is pretty much tax the rich.
I--I would actually pay to watch this. It would be more relevant and interesting to me than most things on TV. I wouldn't pay like $59.99 pay-per-view or anything, but like if this were available $5 style the way Louis CK does shit I'd buy it in a heart beat.

(Which I guess is one point to Rand Paul off the bat, haha)
**Reddit - This will not happen because the DNC will not allow non-sanctioned debates. It would disqualify anyone running in the Democratic Party.**
What I really like about Paul, is he shows that he is a different kind of Republican. He reaches out to minorities a lot before the primaries started. Told mothers of African American sons that he wants to decriminalize the non violent ones so they can be treated at citizens again. He takes away that white republican attitude that is lurking the Republican side. 

Wants to cut military spending, like the Democrats preach they want.

Wants to legalize pot federally.

He keeps the Republican attitude without the neoconservative attitude that the others have.
It honestly sounds like a setup.
watch how quickly Rand Paul confuses socialism with communism
I think Paul would be a poor representative of capitalism. The strain he favors has failed in spectacular fashion again and again. 

The only countries in which libertarian economics has resulted in any long term success have been city-states like Hong Kong, Singapore, and Dubai, and those cities have only been able to maintain a libertarian economic system by ensuring that their people have no political voice.
Rand Paul is looking for free publicity. I hope Bernie does not give it to him. Scammers like Paul will never have an honest debate.
I would love to watch this debate. I'm a Bernie supporter, but respect Rand. I try to keep an open mind about politics. This would be informative, engaging and entertaining. 
Pointless, debating someone who includes the argument "I think that you have rights that come from your creator that precede government"

It's a made-up argument, could just as well, at any point in your life say "I disagree with this person because they come from the same state as a certain mass-murderer, and I've never heard them say they don't also murder people secretly" 

It's bullshit straw-man arguing.
I'm an anti-capitalist and to some degree a socialist, mostly a right-socialist, but I don't get along with most leftist socialists because I disagree with many views they hold. 

I think a big problem is that people often forget that humans lived for something like 200000 years with other political and economical systens, so treating a 300 years old system like it was a religion is simply irrational. I believe capitalisnm will inevitably fall someday due to a lot of variables. I think technocracy is the future.
A) Barnie would trounce him

B) Ran Paul has 0% chance of getting the nomination, why should Barnie risk debating a zero ?
Bernie Sanders is a capitalist though. He just supports more social welfare initiatives and a more balanced distribution of wealth.
Just a side note, a conference call with 35 people sounds horrendous. 
I'd feel confident saying most of these Governor's had lawyers or aides telling them it wasn't constitutional, but the Governors went public with the scheme anyway for use as a political tool.
FYI, Bush took in refugees from Afghanistan and Iraq... two countries we were blowing the ever living shit out of. There wasn't a squeak from a single governor. Not a squeak about vetting.. or "not in my state". Not a squeak about terrorists.

Afghanistan was only the home of bin laden for a while.. with the Taliban and Al queda and shit.. not this isis bullshit.(not discounting isis, but al queda was more spread and well 9/11, even if most of the al quada groups were independent. It was/is a bigger terrorist group) and not only were we blowing the shit out of them, and in Iraq we were there not only based on bullshit lies, but we were also torturing and stacking them naked... just saying there might have been a few people in that refugee group that had some LEGITAMATE gripes with the US... and yet not a squeak.

Its all the politics of fear.
&gt; I cannot think of a more potent recruitment tool for ISIL than some of the rhetoric coming out of here in the course of this debate. ISIL seeks to exploit the idea that there’s a war between Islam and the West, and when you start seeing individuals in positions of responsibility suggesting Christians are more worthy of protection than Muslims in a war-torn land, that feeds the ISIL narrative. It’s counterproductive. And it needs to stop. And I would add that these are the same folks who suggested they’re so tough that just talk to Putin or staring down ISIL (will work), but they’re scared of widows and orphans coming into the United States of America as part of our tradition of compassion.

And:

&gt; First they were worried the press was too tough on them in the debates; now they’re worried about 3-year old orphans. That doesn’t sound very tough to me.

Obama with dem sick burnz.
The fact that he has to remind them of this is frightening. What were they gonna do anyway, stick them in refugee camps, throw up some barbed wire, and add some guards? 
Just when it was starting to look like gun sales were starting to peak, Obama throws this out there.

Get ready to see records sales all over again.
It's crazy when people have a really strong opinion about something when they don't understand it at all. Argued with a guy yesterday who said we were just letting them in with no screening, and when I suggested he google the process he stated the government is lying. His vote cancels mine. 
We'll see what President Trump has to say about that.
But they can slow the process for benefits and services.  

That and the relocation groups aren't going to send them to those just like the one in Indiana. 
How are legal immigration screenings more dangerous than a guy with a fake passport hopping on a plane?
They can't physically line up police at the state border and deny them entry (duh), but they absolutely can make it harder to settle there. Without jobs, they are going to have a hard time living there without the state and local governments assistance. The federal government can't make a state offer benefits to them, nor make the state accept federal benefits. 
The local charities that do the actual resettlement are, of course, state regulated.
&lt;shudder&gt;  Having worked IT help desk I can only imagine what a nightmare it was to try to get all those people on one call.  You know there was that one idiot that didn't mute his mic, that other guy who kept beeping in an out, on and on.   And a whole host of assistants standing by watching their bosses fail miserably at 20 year old technology.
The rhetoric on both sides of this is overblown. Can states restrict people from coming into their state that the federal government has OK'd? No.

Can they cut off all state aid and relocation assistance funds to Syrian refugees? Yes, absolutely.

The states have the power of the purse* in this situation, but really nothing more.
What were the other 16 governors doing? 
Not to go against the hivemind but why is this burden being placed on western governments and not the responsibility of rich Arab nations like Qatar, Saudia Arabia, UAE, etc ?
President Obama speaks to Texas governor Greg Abbott (in my mind):

"Greg, Greg... uh... let me be clear about this. You have... no authority to enforce federal law. I know... I know that you're a lawyer, too, Greg. So am I. We, uh... both went to law school. But you went to Vanderbilt, and I went to Harvard. Now I'm not saying... I mean it, I'm not saying... that I'm smarter than you just because I went to Harvard Law School and was... uh... editor of the law review. Maybe you just need a re... uh... refresher class. But let me make it absolutely clear that... that only the federal government controls immigration policies, and once someone is admitted to the United States, interstate uh... privileges and immunities uh... quite literally prevent you from impeding their movement."
Next governor who does this, the other 49 will have to run laps.

edit: DC mayor has to run laps regardless
they all know this, but we're going into an election year
I am sure all 34 responded with all the grace and intelligence which Republican governors have become so well known for.

(In other words, they threw poo at Obama.)
refugees don't want to live in Alabama. i don't know why the governor is whining about it. 
But congress can pass a law blocking Obama from bringing any in...which the House just passed yesterday with 47 democrats also voting for it.
China has some ghost cities that need to be filled.
Yet another situation where elected officials refuse to do their jobs because of religious phobia or bipartisan bullshit.  How do these assholes get elected and keep their jobs?
And the conversation went something like, "who wants to keep their federal funding?" 
Days like today I'm horrified how ignorant many of the state's leaders  are and still call themselves Americans and Christians. I'm absolutely disgusted and I know that the Founding Fathers and Jesus would be rolling in their graves over these governors. 
Republicans play dumb when it suits them and whine when you imply that Republicans are dumb.
Dear Governors,Please read the constitution. 
I wish we could keep him for another 4 years. 
A couple republican candidates attended a religious conference when death penalty for homosexuality was preached.  

That's Daesh level shit right there. 
I'm pretty sure they know this. They're playing smart politics and giving themselves cover for when an attack happens in their state. They can point to their statements and say "See! I wanted to stop them brown people coming here, but Obama stopped it. Not my fault."
&gt;Simply put, once a refugee has come to the United States, "he or she is also free to move anywhere in the country," just like anyone else. And there's nothing Bobby Jindal or Chris Christie can do about it.

&gt;**But, the official was quick to point out, the government also wasn't interested in resettling refugees unilaterally. Although state and local governments have only a consultative role in the process, "this is a program that is very much dependent on the support of local communities" to make the adjustment to a new life work—picking a new arrival up at the airport, furnishing a new house, finding gainful employment, and providing access to health care.**

As linked from the original article:

http://www.motherjones.com/mojo/2015/11/state-department-reminds-republican-governors-stop-refugees

The governors are not attempting to deny these refugees entry into their states, which is obvious unconstitutional. They are denying them access to special programs that they states help pay for, programs which are unavailable to ordinary citizens.

You might agree or disagree, but let's at least keep the facts straight.
So what jobs are those refugees are going to have?
They never said they'd "restrict movement."

They said they wouldn't use state funds to help the federal government locate refugees within their states.
I hope he made them sit in the corner with a dunce cap on. 
I feel confident that Mr. Obama is going to use the F-Bomb and day now.

Reporter, "Mr. President do you have any comment on the latest Republican {insert stupid shit here}".

POTUS: "They can go fuck themselves"
I like how the article and the President called out Republicans on this issue.  Even though some Republicans weren't a part of this and some Democrats were. 
He's going to drive the centrists in his Party into voting against them.

Unfortunately, the Governors can create other obstacles.  
In Pontiac, Michigan, an abandoned school and neighboring houses are being converted to accept refugees.  
Governor Snyder, as well as some county and local GOP officials, are now trying to derail funding for this project:  
http://michiganradio.org/post/plans-syrian-refugee-center-moving-forward-pontiac#stream/0
I'm not sure how one could restrict the movement of refugees. I mean, the US has already had about 1500 Syrian refugees come into the country. Once you're in, there's no state border patrol or passport system. If they went from NY to NJ Governor Christie wouldn't be able to know that.

They could make it difficult to do things like get loans for homes, but a refugee couldn't be stopped for going to Atlantic City. There's no infrastructure in place.
Granted, the Federal government has the power to allow immigrants / refuges entry into the country.  However, the states do not have to help the fed with the resettlement schemes.  The federal state department is limited in man power and resources and often delegates responsibility to the states and often provides funding for the  activity.  Governor's can refuse to aid and order state agencies to refuse, hinder, or slow walk paper work for resettlement  and make it generally a pain for the fed to do anything inside the state.
Pimp move. Sometimes a real leader must make a decision he believes is right in the face of overwhelming opposition. 
The Divided States of America.
I wonder how many people entered the US today from Belgium and France through the visa waiver program with the EU that only requires a stop at customs? Luckily, the terrorists in the Paris attacks were just Syrian refugees. Good work, Republicans. You saved us.
He should let Snowden back in.
Just imagine what they'd do if they won the white house now.

**Fucking vote**
Ssshhh but since 2012, a bit over 2000 Syrian refugees have resettled in USA and not one of them blew up an American!!
Fine, then all I ask is to continue the rigorous screening process without any exceptions to support US citizens' safety.
Just want to add that the people behind the Paris attacks weren't even refugees and had EU citizenship.
But congress does
Obama: "Hey all, yeah....so....fuck off"
&gt; First they were worried the press was too tough on them in the debates; now they’re worried about 3-year old orphans. That doesn’t sound very tough to me.

Ouch. Someone finally called them out on it
It's also scary that so many random people think their is absolutely no vetting of refugees. I had an argument yesterday where someone literally claimed that they didn't vet them at all. I showed them proof that they are vetted very thoroughly but they didn't believe it. They literally thought that it was a lie even after seeing the evidence. It saddens me that people will turn away the victims of terror in the name of fighting terror. They are doing exactly what Daesh wants and their "fear" is just thinly veiled islamaphobia.
Some of the comments on this sub scare the shit out of me.
I just find it funny that the administration had no problem putting a full stop to Iraqi refugee relocation in 2011. Talk about posturing 
I wonder if Obama ever feels like he's managing a bunch of idiot teenagers when dealing with the crazy part of the repubs in congress, etc.
They are allowed to mobilize the resources of the state to deny them assistance within legal means. 

It also tells the President "stop settling people here we do not want". 
They also arent allowed to sell cannabis. Lol.
&gt;I cannot think of a more potent recruitment tool for ISIL than some of the rhetoric coming out of here in the course of this debate. ISIL seeks to exploit the idea that there’s a war between Islam and the West, and when you start seeing individuals in positions of responsibility suggesting Christians are more worthy of protection than Muslims in a war-torn land, that feeds the ISIL narrative. It’s counterproductive. And it needs to stop. 

This needs repeating loudly and often.
But, but I thought Obama shreds the constitution?...
It doesnt help that they have propaganda video like this http://buzzpo.com/this-is-the-most-disturbing-muslim-refugee-video-you-will-ever-see/ 

It is plainly obvious that those clips are from unrelated events but a lot of people with prejudice are eating it up as the truth.
there have been homeless vets for hundreds of years very few people have actually cared. now citizens and their cunt politicians are using them as a pawn in a feeble argument against helping other humans and to further their own political agendas. before this many were silent about homeless vets and others of our own. this shows you exactly where their moral convictions lie.  to pretend to care is worse than not caring.

honestly im disgusted hearing people regurgitate sound bites and acting like they have an opinion on the matter. they dont their mind has been made for them.

[deleted]
That's one of those things the constitution is pretty clear on, state's can't control the movements of people between states.
Dont know why you guys are so eager to welcome them with open arms but here are some statistics:




Here are some polls on what Muslims believe:

**Pew Research (2013):**

* Only 57% of Muslims worldwide disapprove of al-Qaeda. 
* Only 51% disapprove of the Taliban.  
* 13% support both groups and 1 in 4 refuse to say.

http://www.pewglobal.org/2013/09/10/muslim-publics-share-concerns-about-extremist-groups/

**Wenzel Strategies (2012):**

* 58% of Muslim-Americans believe criticism of Islam or Muhammad is not protected free speech under the First Amendment.
* 45% believe mockers of Islam should face criminal charges (38% said they should not).
* 12% of Muslim-Americans believe blaspheming Islam should be punishable by death.
* 43% of Muslim-Americans believe people of other faiths have no right to evangelize Muslims.
* 32% of Muslims in America believe that Sharia should be the supreme law of the land.

http://www.andrewbostom.org/blog/2012/10/31/sixty-percent-of-us-muslims-reject-freedom-of-expression

**ICM Poll:**

* 40% of British Muslims want Sharia in the UK
* 20% of British Muslims sympathize with 7/7 bombers

http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/1510866/Poll-reveals-40pc-of-Muslims-want-sharia-law-in-UK.html


**Pew Research (2010):** 

* 82% of Egyptian Muslims favor stoning adulterers
* 70% of Jordanian Muslims favor stoning adulterers
* 42% of Indonesian Muslims favor stoning adulterers
* 82% of Pakistanis favor stoning adulterers
* 56% of Nigerian Muslims favor stoning adulterers

http://pewglobal.org/2010/12/02/muslims-around-the-world-divided-on-hamas-and-hezbollah/


**WZB Berlin Social Science Center:** 

* 65%% of Muslims in Europe say Sharia is more important than the law of the country they live in.

http://www.gatestoneinstitute.org/4092/europe-islamic-fundamentalism


**Pew Global (2006)**

* 68% of Palestinian Muslims say suicide attacks against civilians in defense of Islam are justified.
* 43% of Nigerian Muslims say suicide attacks against civilians in defense of Islam are justified.
* 38% of Lebanese Muslims say suicide attacks against civilians in defense of Islam are justified.
* 15% of Egyptian Muslims say suicide attacks against civilians in defense of Islam are justified.

http://cnsnews.com/node/53865

**World Public Opinion (2009)**

* 61% of Egyptians approve of attacks on Americans
* 32% of Indonesians approve of attacks on Americans
* 41% of Pakistanis approve of attacks on Americans
* 38% of Moroccans approve of attacks on Americans
* 62% of Jordanians approve of some or most groups that attack Americans (21% oppose)
* 42% of Turks approve of some or most groups that attack Americans (45% oppose)

http://www.worldpublicopinion.org/pipa/pdf/feb09/STARTII_Feb09_rpt.pdf


**NOP Research:**

* 62% percent of British Muslims say freedom of speech shouldn't be protected
* 1 in 4 British Muslims say 7/7 bombings were justified
* 78% of British Muslims support punishing the publishers of Muhammad cartoons

http://www.cbsnews.com/stories/2006/08/14/opinion/main1893879.shtml&amp;amp;date=2011-04-06

**People Press Surveys**

* 31% of Turks support suicide attacks against Westerners in Iraq.

http://www.people-press.org/2004/03/16/a-year-after-iraq-war/

**Belgian HLN**

* 16% of young Muslims in Belgium state terrorism is "acceptable".

http://www.hln.be/hln/nl/1275/Islam/article/detail/1619036/2013/04/22/Zestien-procent-moslimjongens-vindt-terrorisme-aanvaardbaar.dhtml

**ICM Poll:**

* 25% of British Muslims disagree that a Muslim has an obligation to report terrorists to police.

http://www.icmresearch.co.uk/reviews/2004/Guardian%20Muslims%20Poll%20Nov%2004/Guardian%20Muslims%20Nov04.asp


**Pew Research (2007):** 

* 26% of younger Muslims in America believe suicide bombings are justified.
* 35% of young Muslims in Britain believe suicide bombings are justified (24% overall).
* 42% of young Muslims in France believe suicide bombings are justified (35% overall).
* 22% of young Muslims in Germany believe suicide bombings are justified.(13% overall).
* 29% of young Muslims in Spain believe suicide bombings are justified.(25% overall).

pewresearch.org/assets/pdf/muslim-americans.pdf#page=60

**Al-Jazeera (2006):**

* 49.9% of Muslims polled support Osama bin Laden

http://wikiislam.net/wiki/Osama_bin_Laden

**Populus Poll (2006):**

* 16% of British Muslims believe suicide attacks against Israelis are justified.
* 37% believe Jews in Britain are a "legitimate target".

http://www.populuslimited.com/pdf/2006_02_07_times.pdf

http://www.danielpipes.org/blog/2005/07/more-survey-research-from-a-british-islamist


**GfK NOP:**

* 28% of British Muslims want Britain to be an Islamic state

http://www.civitas.org.uk/pdf/ShariaLawOrOneLawForAll.pdf

**NOP Research:**

* 68% of British Muslims support the arrest and prosecution of anyone who insults Islam;

http://www.cbsnews.com/stories/2006/08/14/opinion/main1893879.shtml&amp;amp;date=2011-04-06



**MacDonald Laurier Institute:**

* 62% of Muslims want Sharia in Canada (15% say make it mandatory)
* 35% of Canadian Muslims would not repudiate al-Qaeda

http://www.torontosun.com/2011/11/01/strong-support-for-shariah-in-canada

http://www.macdonaldlaurier.ca/much-good-news-and-some-worrying-results-in-new-study-of-muslim-public-opinion-in-canada/

**al-Arabiya:**

* 36% of Arabs polled said the 9/11 attacks were morally justified; 38% disagreed; 26% Unsure

http://www.alarabiya.net/articles/2011/09/10/166274.html


**Gallup:** 

* 38.6% of Muslims believe 9/11 attacks were justified (7% "fully", 6.5% "mostly", 23.1% "partially")

http://www.washingtoninstitute.org/policy-analysis/view/just-like-us-really

**Policy Exchange:**

* 1 in 4 Muslims in the UK have never heard of the Holocaust;
* Only 34% of British Muslims believe the Holocaust ever happened.

http://www.imaginate.uk.com/MCC01_SURVEY/Site%20Download.pdf

http://www.civitas.org.uk/pdf/ShariaLawOrOneLawForAll.pdf

Part of a functioning democracy is fighting against current laws. Whether or not you approve of these governers, you should be happy that our democratic process is healthy.
We need to ask the important questions, like did they use freeconferencecall.com for the conference call line?
I am honestly more nervous about the reactionary fear based thinking this rhetoric (from both sides) is going to cause.  Even if the refugees ultimately are settled anywhere the government wishes, the type of nervous energy thath the bickering and political posturing is causing could make for an uncomfortable welcome, to say the least.
Holy hell, never thought I'd find myself agreeing with anything Gov. Herbert said after the Planned Parenthood fiasco.
34 does not seem like a small number.
If a state can individually decide to let in people the federal government says shouldn't be allowed in, a state can also decide to keep the people out the federal government says should be allowed in. You want to bring in a bunch of refugees? Maybe we can kick out some illegals to make room.
The first thing that caught my eye was the fact that they used a photo showing President Obama behind a podium that says Republic of Kenya. 
Rhetoric is really the driving force behind American politics. 
"A belief in martyrdom, a hatred of infidels, and a commitment to violent jihad are not fringe phenomenon in the Muslim world. 
These preoccupations are supported by the Quran and numerous hadith."

"That is why the popular Saudi cleric Mohamad al-Arefe sounds like the ISIS army chaplain. The man has 13 million followers on twitter. Twice as many as Pope Francis. If you can find a popular distinction between the faith he preaches and that which motivates the savagery of ISIS you should probably consult a neurologist."

"More British Muslims have joined the ranks of ISIS than have volunteered to serve in the British armed forces." 

-Sam Harris in his podcast "Still Sleepwalking to Armageddon"
http://www.samharris.org/podcast/item/still-sleepwalking-toward-armageddon

 










I want to see a gallery of the ridiculous faces some of these governors were making at being reminded of the supremacy clause.
Those damn Mexicans 
REKT
The people should vote on it....
MA Resident our current Governor, Baker, got in on no one showing up to the polls. He is also on a one way ticket to single term status because this no refugee thing is the newest in a slew of decisions he's made that Mass HATES.
Obama: Please do not underestimate the finest americans chosen to screen those who can come in our terrritory. 

*drops mic
I wonder if the 10th Amendment came up.
Obama: "uhhhh just in case you guys forgot, I'm the boss around here. Get your shit together guys, stop trying to look cool"
To [late](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TPNs7Y2HPwY) to sell me make believe kid stories, on to the next narrative.
All that talk about 10.000 refugees from a war USA __mostly__ started and was involved in all the time?


Huh, 10.000 refugees enter into my country (population 2million) in __3 days!!__ And we weren't even involved in Iraq, Syria or arming ISIS like the USA. Downvote if you like.
Why is this even an issue. Surely all of these people are going to be welcomed into the Bay Area and the nicer parts of New York with open arms and homes?
Does anyone else see the similarities between the discussion about Syrian refugees and discussions 160 years ago about the Irish?
Same who bitch about others abusing the Constitution, abuse it themselves.
How is it that cities are not allowed to refuse refugees, and yet there are cities declaring themselves "sanctuary cities" (San Fancisco) and refuse to enforce immigration law? How are these two different? Not saying one or the other is right or wrong, just an honest question. 

Edit: typo
They know, they are not stupid.

This is just setting up a soundbite for the next election.  

Governor Dillhole stood up to the Obama administration and said NO! to radical Islamic refugee jihadist Al Qaeda hot button Taliban buzzword oil terrorist.

This is just a big game.
The fact that this was necessary makes me very sad for America.
For everyone who think the Governors are toothless here you need to understand that the states can refuse federal funding for said refugees. That money would be distributed to the charitable organizations that volunteered to take them in and provide aid.

What then?
Good these governors need to stop giving into fear.
Looks like /r/politics back to the same old circlejerk. I wish we could see a transcript of this call. I bet it would have been glorious to hear the comments from the governors.
Meaningless?  Not really. As St. Ronnie famously said, "I didn't leave the Democratic Party - the party left me." Today the tax raising Reagan would be hounded out of the gop.

Condescending? Meh, probably - welcome to the internet. If my comment on your ignorance offended you I apologize. 
The sad part is President Obama has to take time out of his busy schedule leading our country. To tell 34 fucking GOVERNORS how to do their jobs correctly. 
How do we get america's homeless refugee status?  Isn't there a war on poverty? 
Kind of hypocritical to snidely "remind" everyone that Syrian refugees shouldn't be detained, but we'll send child refugees from Central America back to their native countries to possibly die or be sold into sexual slavery.

Great job.   
Do Republican governors even Constitution? 
Want to kick radical Islamist in the nuts? Welcome these poor humans with open arms, help them succeed and have good lives. It's what we all want. 
34/50 states are trying to say no, or 68% of the United States.  I think Obama should take notice of that. 

Many of the people arguing against refugees are not doing it because of ISIS threats, but because of the under-funded programs we have currently for our own veterans and homeless people.  

Obama's blindness to his own countrymen will forever cast a shadow on any of the good he has done for the US. 

Edit: 

68% represents the amount of states. 

Doing the math the 16 states that are for refugees represent 36.9% of the population of the United States,  the other 34 states represent 63.1% 

Edit 2: 

63.1% is a representation of how many people live in those states, it is a response to a comment saying those 34 states are [likely backwater hicks](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/3tka5a/president_obama_held_a_conference_call_with_34/cx70ima) It is not [saying that 63.1% of the people are for or against refugees](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/3tka5a/president_obama_held_a_conference_call_with_34/cx716hf).  

Do not say I do not help or care about any of the problems, I have stated [that I work with disabled vets already and their homeless rate is depressing](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/3tka5a/president_obama_held_a_conference_call_with_34/cx702jo).  

Also, I do not have "islamaphobia" and at no point have I stated my political vote so stop assuming that I am X or Y. 

Lastly, **at no point have I said I am for or against refugees** so stop assuming I am some "backwater hick republican" out with a pitchfork. 


34 governors represent 34 states, which have 68 senators. if those senators agree with their governors, obama doesn't really have a say in the matter because they can pass a veto-proof resolution putting a halt to obama's unpopular plan.
Simple Left logic.  When the constitution sides in favor of whatever their agenda is at the time then it is the constitution we MUST adhere to.  

However, when the constitution does not suit that agenda it's just an outdated set of guidelines thought up by some drunk old racists that we need to change or doesn't apply today.

Predictably predictable. 
Shouldn't the question be asked, if 35 of the 50 governors disagree with the president then maybe the issue shouldn't be forced by one man?
The base of the statue of liberty says:

"Not like the brazen giant of Greek fame,
With conquering limbs astride from land to land;
Here at our sea-washed, sunset gates shall stand
A mighty woman with a torch, whose flame
Is the imprisoned lightning, and her name
Mother of Exiles. From her beacon-hand
Glows world-wide welcome; her mild eyes command
The air-bridged harbor that twin cities frame.

"Keep, ancient lands, your storied pomp!" cries she
With silent lips. "Give me your tired, your poor,
Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free,
The wretched refuse of your teeming shore.
Send these, the homeless, tempest-tost to me,
I lift my lamp beside the golden door!"
How does one reconcile this statement with the existence of "sanctuary cities" and states like California that disregard federal law regarding immigration?
ITT: If a Democrat gets his way he's a "Tyrant". If a Republican gets his way he's "looking out for the people".
To me, this is why /r/politics kinda sucks.  Looking for facts, not a blogger's opinion.  There is a reason for the comments section here. But this subreddit is flooded with opinion pieces from Salon and other poopy sites.  :(
ITT: Everyone saying the the governors were just playing a political game and posturing. 

Sure, but so is the president by calling them. They don't work for him.

It is a game both ways. Can we stop getting excited when "our politician" makes a pointless play we agree with? All this does is encourage them to play this game. Please ignore it and send the signal that it is time to get real and quit the games.
While the states can't restrict movement. The Federal Government can. And they just did. The Federal Bureau of Investigation must screen any refugee attempting to enter the United States. This is a good compromise as most refugees aren't terrorists.
I wish there was some sort chart that displays law makers who voted for the Iraq war and law makers who do not wan't Syrian refugees in this country. The war in Iraq help create this power vacuum which led to the rise of ISIS.
http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/rise-of-isis/
Worst part: there's 34 that needed that talk.
Wouldn't it be better for the refugees (and the US) for us to resettle them in the Middle East? It would cost $130,000,000 to resettle 10,000 refugees in the US. 130 million would settle 127 million refugees in the Middle East (source below). So if you are truly compassionate, you would be arguing to have them relocated in the Middle East. You would help way more refugees!

Not to mention they would be resettled in a place where they are more familiar with the culture, history, language, etc. would you settle a black family in Detroit in China? These people would be destined for failure and it will only cause more hostility from tax payers. 

Also, those who have the know how and ability to get to the US are likely the more intelligent/entrepreneurial types. Would it not be more beneficial to have these people in the Middle East?

Furthermore, to ignore the risks involved with allowing Syrian refugees in is foolish. Yes, the majority of muslim refugees in our past are law abiding, but you can't ignore that there have been notable exceptions.  The Boston marathon bombers were both refugees. The WTC bombings of '93 were middle eastern asylum seekers. 

The FBI director outright said there's no way we can vet all these guys. ISIS outright said they would get people in through our refugee channels and attack. They will likely try any means possible. There were 8 Syrians that were just arrested trying to get in from Mexico. 

It honestly makes no sense to me why people would want refugees here and shame everyone who has legitimate concerns. 

Sources and other resources:
http://www.cis.org/High-Cost-of-Resettling-Middle-Eastern-Refugees
http://www.cis.org/Welfare-Use-Legal-Illegal-Immigrant-Households
http://cis.org/sites/cis.org/files/camarota-welfare-illegals_1.pdf
Well considering he is acting against the will of the people I applaud all Governors who stand up to his recklessness.
yay immigration from the third world.
To date 98% of the refugees have been Muslim.  [Only 2% have been Christian.](http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2015/nov/17/us-unintentionally-discriminates-against-christian/)  
And President Obama always acts withing the bounds of the law and the Constitution, so governors should do the same. President Obama never cherry-picks the laws he enforces, so governors should do the same.
As if race relations in the united states werent shitty enough,  lets introduce 10,000 muslims immediately after a terrorist attack... 
VA Gets shorted $2.6 BILLION while Obama Adimn Budgets $4.5 BILLION on Syrian Mirgrants

http://www.truthandaction.org/va-gets-shorted-2-6-billion-obama-admin-budgets-4-5-billion-syrians-mirgrants/2/
Of course everyone on in this thread knows it's only a matter of time ( sooner than later) before when have a Paris style attack here. But hey let's just bash Republicans until then.   
Always a good sign of the current state of US politics when the President has to hold a meeting solely to explain laws to Governors. 
so who is going to pay for these refugees, mr. obama?

the same people paying for veteran benefits?  oh wait, we don't have time for that, but we have time for this shit.

priorities...
But if the government is for the people and the people are telling the governors they don't want them...the federal government should be doing what the people want...or is that illogical 
When the politicians only upholds and defends the laws they personally agree with, what signals does that send to me, as a private citizen? This is a very dangerous attitude in the long run, should it become norm.
Unless they're Mexican, Honduran, Guatemalan, etc.  Then, by all means have your state and local law enforcement harass the shit out of them, arrest them and put them on "immigration hold" regardless of their legal status in the country. You know, things his administration demands they do. 

To be clear, states have no say in immigration matters such as this, and they absolutely shouldn't. This bs over refugees is a perfect example of why they shouldn't. However, I find it a little hypocritical of him to make a public spectacle of telling governors they can't do something they can't do anyway, when DHS (which is under his control)is telling our state and local law enforcement to arrest and hold brown people in jail until they get around to looking at them. It's even happening to people who aren't immigrants. I just read about a guy who was arrested at a traffic stop because the deputy who stopped him decided to question his status and want satisfied with his answers, guy ends up spending enough time in jail while they are figuring out he's a native that he lost his job. Oops sorry. On top of that bs, they aren't reimbursing the locals for housing prisoners, so some counties are saying they aren't going to do it and getting crap from the feds over it. 
President of the Untied States reduced to a kindergarten teacher. 
I'm really surprised that so many governors have made these statements. Like, didn't they already know they didn't have that power?
To be fair, the refuges will be better off in the states that didn't elect these particular assholes. 
So he is saving refugees from a civil war...that he is facilitating though arms sales. What a humanitarian. Excuse me while I set fire to an orphanage...then I will be a hero and save the children
Have they placed Syrian refugees in D.C. yet?
This country used to be a party and everyone was invited. We can't let our fears prevent us from doing what is right. I am not afraid of losing the country to extremists. I am afraid of losing the country to fear. 

“Give me your tired, your poor, 
Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, 
The wretched refuse of your teeming shore. 
Send these, the homeless, tempest-tossed, to me: 
I lift my lamp beside the golden door.”
Doesn't this deserve a vote of some kind? Or am I missing something here?
How is the any different from "sanctuary cities" where city officials refuse to cooperate with Federal immigration enforcement? 
I thought the word president meant protector?
Last I checked the POTUS worked for the American people.

The majority of the American people are not comfortable with the immigration of any refugees from Syria, among other ME countries.

If you want to keep losing local, state and federal elections, by all means continue ignoring the will of the people.
It's like Republicans hate America.
When will states start refusing to allow citizens from Virginia to cross into their borders?

http://www.cnn.com/2015/11/10/us/white-supremacist-bomb-plot-virginia-fbi/
I thought America was a country where minorities are persecuted, the 1% steals all your money, hospitals are out to bankrupt you, police shoot everyone for no reason, Jim Crow-level racism, half the country wants to put them in concentration camps, terrible pollution, daily mass murders, etc.  why is Obama bringing refugees into such a horrible place?  It's almost like he has one version of things for one group and another for other people. 
I feel like Obama is less of a president and more of a kindergarten teacher.
Even if they are fine human beings why do we have to bring them here?
If Bernie said this he'd be called "brave" and "speaking the truth".

god I fucking hate this site.
The feds couldn't even get a dude to stop his cows from eating their grass. Tell me, how are the feds going to stop states from restricting their movements? 
I wonder how many of these governors talked back to Obama on the phone like they do in public?

I bet exactly zero.
3 year olds? He needs his head examined. Everyone knows this isn't about 3 year olds. And if we're quoting the bible, there are rules of war in it. There are no refugees left. As for bombing, if he'd quit arming the rebel sunni's to fight Assad, there would be no war. Its all about oil....sunni/saudi oil....Assad isn't sunni.
But if you believe this is about 3 yr olds, go ahead.
The phone call is just political posturing in response to the political posturing done by the governors. No one was going to, or not going to, do anything. 

Yay politics 
Futher prolonging republicans image as major assholes world wide 
In 2008, Obama stated he wanted to "fundamentally transform the United States of America", the only nation that elevates the concept of unalienable rights of life, individual liberty, and the pursuit of happiness above all else.

Why did he say this and what did he mean?
Damn shame you gotta put moronic politicians in check. 

I am sure Obama will be relieved once his term is finished.
What did everyone expect after decades of Israel Firsters demonizing Arabs on TV every day? 
Anytime that someone tells Rick Scott to go fuck himself, I'm happy. 
[deleted]
"I'd like to thank you, all for joining this call.  I'd like to remind you that this is an unmoderated bridge, so if you could, if you could just go on mute if you aren't speaking, we can get right to this.  
So the reason I wanted to have this talk with you... and I don't think I get to say this often enough... the reason I wanted to talk with you today is to remind you that you are all adults and to stop behaving like fucking children.  Just.... stop being horrible excuses for human beings.  I think that if we could.. we could stop this for, 10.... seconds, we could really make some progress here.  Thank you."  
Do people want to reenact the Japanese Internment Camps? 
But don't forget that Obama is the one who craps all over the Constitution... /s
That awkward moment when the boss has to chew you out in front of everybody via skype. 
Let's not forget what the inscription on the Statue of Liberty says
Obama posterizing all these idiot governors.
I'm very disappointed in Governor Charlie Baker for his stance on this.  It's cowardly, and it shows a complete lack of understanding of the situation.
I wonder if shit like this could trigger another civil war, I mean I agree we should take in refugees but many of these state govs are fucking nuts.
I don't agree with the letting in of refugees with the current vetting process, but I also don't agree that individual states have a say in what is clearly an international issue.
Thank you Mr. Pres. Keep doing a good job.
Reddit is so full of petulant racist pricks these days, it's almost not worth coming here. 
Women and children and men with families I am ok with. But not the 72% that are of fighting age. They need to go back and fight for their country. I would never be a refugee somewhere if my country was invaded. 
Refugees are leaving their home BECAUSE of ISIS, not because they are secretly working for ISIS.
Maybe he will get another nobel prize for these 'great' deeds.

He's magnificent and omnipotent^in^his^own^mind
Obama is the worst president of all time, no joke. 
I want to know who was on the call. 
In the Supreme Court decision Korematsu v. United States, they upheld the President order of Japanese Americans into internment camps during World War II regardless of citizenship.  So if someone like Trump is President...
Just looked up the number of refugees united states takes in, it is abut half of what Sweden takes in that has 310+ million less citizens then the United states
The top post here earlier (and gold given to commenter twice) was a rational criticism based on a pew survey regarding the reasoning of Obama encouraging Muslim immigration.  The mods have deleted that comment.  Safe space PC police all over r/Politics are becoming a problem.  The truth isn't always nice, but apparently it can't be expressed in this forum.
New Rule - if you are a Governor of a federal welfare state (you take more federal funds than you provide), then you need to shut the hell up.  Pay your way; then come a tell us how much you hate people of color who are not christians. 
I wonder if any one informed him that his presidential mandate on immigration was also unconstitutional and proven so by 3 courts so far. He seems to only like the constitution when it does what he wants and when it doesn't just screw it 
If republican politician are going to act like petulant over privileged children it is only appropriate that they get slapped and treated as such.
yet in 2011 Obama himself ordered the refugee program for Iraqis be put on hold for 6 months while the vetting process was "fixed" because during that refugee wave, at least 2 Al Qaeda terrorists were let in without any checks or vetting too.

http://abcnews.go.com/Blotter/al-qaeda-kentucky-us-dozens-terrorists-country-refugees/story?id=20931131

But oddly enough, democrats and libs didn't have a problem with that block. People need to pull that giant hypocritical partisan sackriding stick out of their ass and remember recent history for a bit.
Yeah...because laws mean *so* much to you, Obama. 
Ugh, I really hope he doesn't start letting them in. Jesus Christ. 
This whole ordeal is pretty disgusting. People are just waiting for tragedy so they can pounce on the president about doing the wrong thing again. I'm not a huge Obama fan, but I've never seen so much disrespect for a president in my lifetime. Did people think GW Bush was an amazing president? Really? Well first of all he was never president Dick Cheney was. Second of all his team falsified evidence to get the country to commit to war. This kind of garbage fuels terrorism. They don't even need to create propaganda to fuel their cause, we as a country are doing all that work for them...
Not only can you not restrict their movements, but you are also NOT allowed to monitor their suspicious activities. Now go smoke some weed bitch.
They can't stop them no, but they can withhold all funds and make their lives extremely difficult.
Why are right wingers so terrified of orphans? Man up, you fucking pussies. You cowards. You pusillanimous, cringing pansies. Don't forget, you're going to have to explain yourself to Jesus one day.
The constitution protects CITIZENS rights from being abused by states. Considering refugee or asylum status means you also have to apply for Permanent Residency this means they are not citizens, therefore is it truly illegal for States to decide they don't want to accept these refugees? 

I think it's completely justified to deny the federal government quartering of refugees within a sovereign state.
34 governors held a conference call today without Obama and laughed at his attempts. 
I'm glad, I've sent letters and called my governors office. This was embarrassing to me that Iowa was included on this list. Hopefully, politicians can stop being jerks and show compassion.
Yeah well, Texas dont give a shit
I just want to remind you these are women and children fleeing from a war you as a country was responsible for.
It is your responsibility and duty as human beings to help these people fleeing from the daesh, of course security is important, but humanity is as well.
maaan, fuck this shit. been trying to get green card for years and some dudes get free entry just like that
I'm gonna ask an honest question, and by no means want to start a political debate. Are refugees protected under the 2nd amendment? I just feel like the US taking in refugees would be a good opportunity for ISIS members to act like refugees and then purchase weapons and kill people when they are here. 
Obamas mistakes and flaws don't bother me. The ignorant people who support him do. 
Republic of Kenya, lmao.

But seriously, Obama, what are you trying to do? You really want to force refugees on states that don't want them? What if they don't allow it? Are you going to cut federal state funding to said states? Do you really want to create that kind of a shitstorm?
It seems that a majority of folks in this thread are completely ok with the Federal Government unilaterally blessing them with a population of people that may, or may not have the desire to assimilate into their particular region.  

It seems that those same folks see nothing wrong with the inability of the states to have any choice at all in the matter.  

It seems that those same folks probably think that these refugees will end up "somewhere else".  

It seems they will be surprised at what a large influx of complete foreigners will do to a city or town.

Those who support this should read about what happened to Baton Rouge after Hurricane Katrina, while keeping in mind that the influx of foreigners in that case was composed 100% of native, English speaking Americans.

The big dick in the butt is coming to America soon, it sounds like.
At what point does it become a "dictatorship?"
https://supreme.justia.com/cases/federal/us/312/52/case.html
Suck on that Bitches!
Hidden Valley Ranch
Do we know exactly which governors he called?  I'm interested.
ELI5?
When I have minimum wage discussions, I generally try to steer the discussion towards the fact that these people are almost certainly on government assistance.  So they are functionally making more than minimum wage, but the government is subsidizing the company for being unwilling to pay living wages.  Why is that more acceptable to people than raising the minimum wage.
You know I work with this old semi racist, anti liberal guy, seems like he listened to too much rush Limbaugh since he uses liberal as an insult. He was bitching about the minimum wage (we makee about 50-55 total a year, but base pay without commission is 12 so he would actually see a raise likely ). 

So I explained to him, Walmart and McDonalds in some cases pay so little, that their people need food stamps, and that's money out of your pocket. So their profits are taken from you money. 

That argument really seems to resonate.
Smart considering how in bed the Clintons are with Walmart. He is 11 points behind Clinton in Iowa with 60 days to go.
It's not socialism when we do it!

-the rich.   
America always ignores the welfare that corporations abuse and blame the recipients instead. I'm so happy Bernie Sanders is running for president and bringing up these issues. 
As if this is just Walmart.  If it was open on Thanksgiving day to sell crap to morons they're subsidizing their profits with our taxes.

They all give their employees 29 hours a week, no benefits, no sick/maternity leave, and they refuse to give you a set schedule so you could at least go work for a second one on the list to get more hours.
Sanders needs to keep focusing on causes where Hillary can't echo his rhetoric. Forcing her to either take a clear moderate stance or to shift left has made her radically change her platform leftwards, and if Hillary does get elected we'll see it pay dividends in at least some of her policy. But at this point it's clear that she'll follow him leftwards *a lot*, and we're getting closer to the endgame -- if he wants to have a real chance at winning he'll have to stake out positions she can't afford to copy. 

Focusing on Glass Steagall and her corporate donors is a good start, and this looks to be the next step. Hillary is unlikely to follow him, and maybe it'll put some focus on her past. Whether or not you think it matters, being a Walmart board member and a Goldwater girl is hardly as inspiring for the left as Sanders' forty years of consistency.
I thought walmart was raising their minimum wage to something like 10/hour, are they not?
To be fair, as a former Walmart employee, benefits have been slashed, they only offer full time to internal employees. Part time workers used to get the same benefits as full time, now they get nothing, or woefully inadequate benefits based on time working.

401k is very restricted, can't borrow from it, if you need it in an emergency it is a pain to process. They've just cut back so much on in store employees, focusing more on their online service. They've forgotten their core market.
American capitalism is socialized risk/expenses and privatized profit.
Why do we always focus on Walmart when it comes to these things? I mean I know they are the biggest target, and they do treat their employees poorly, but when I worked for them, they paid me more than other retailers would have, and other retailers also tend to keep most people part time and pay just as little, shouldn't we be targeting the bulk of the retail industry as a whole, rather than one company? What about the workers at other standard grocery stores, or other big box stores. I can promise you home depot and lowes don't pay significantly different wages.
My wife and I make substantially more than minimum wage, which is $11 per hour, and we feel like things are tight sometimes. I really don't understand how people can even survive on so little money. 
I am voting for Bernie, but this is a terrible article
Walmart is the evil guy, especially considering I worked at kroger and would have been paid more at walmart... wait..
&gt; Should Sanders win the presidency you can rest assured you’ll be seeing sweeping reforms regarding corporate greed and suppression.

Oh, honey.
Walmart has begun to raise wages voluntarily, in order to try and get ahead of the protests and unionization efforts.  The one thing they've not  done which needs to be addessed is the paltry number of hours they allow workers to take.  
My wife and I worked at Wal-Mart, and now she is the only one working there. Here are some minor things they do to their employees (Keep in mind I've worked at 4 different Wal-Marts in 4 different states):

* Force you to cut overtime during lunch breaks throughout the week, to make sure they don't have to pay that extra amount. They will not let you go home early instead.
* Reset your pay to minimum wage if you transfer to a store in a new state.
* Force you to work past physically safe limits, and against safety policies in order to complete work on time. But then require you to follow safety guidelines when someone important comes for inspections.
* Force you to sign a form before employment that prevents you from taking any legal action against Wal-Mart, and prevent being able to join a workers union.
* Change Assistant Managers every 6 months to prevent any real working relationships, and disrupt potential promotions.(I lost a BIG promotion over this.)
* And the reason I lost my job: After years of unsafe work conditions and time allotments, I hurt my back. They sent me to a Wal-Mart doctor (The next day), they sent me home with a note that allowed me 'Light Duty'(I could not move at all). I went to work, and 'Light Duty' became 'Normal Duty', and I got threats to increase my speed or lose my job. A month later I lost my job. I was denied unemployment, so I took them to court over it. The judge ruled in my favor due to the complete lack of information and intelligence on Wal-Mart's side. But I missed out on 6 months of unemployment due to having to take them to court.

TLDR - Wal-Mart sucks, and screws over their employees. My wife has worked there for 4 years, and makes less than new hires.


Had he mentioned that Walmart is double dipping, they don't pay their workers enough and then the government is footing the bill. In most cases these people on assistance use their welfare dollars at Walmart again. 
Poor Walmart, they get all the blame but you can look at any Fortune 100 and find each of them has thousands of employees on minimum wage with shit benefits.
So? The question is: how much more would we be paying if Walmart didn't employ them?  It's not like people who work for Walmart get some special assistance.  The get what any minum wage employee is eligible for in their state. Am I missing something?
The problem we face that no one wants to tackle is how fundamentally our economy has changed. We no longer make anything and have become a service industry economy. Does it take a lot of skill to stock a shelf? No, but neither did twisting a bolt on an assembly line, but those workers were still paid a solid wage which was then reinvested in the economy when they bought things like toothpaste, cars, and houses. 
As long as the rest of the people not on welfare don't complain when Wal-Mart raises their prices. 
When I meet some people and their actions leave me speechless due to a complete lack of common sense, I often ask myself "where is this person's common sense? It's gone"

Well I now know where it is. Bernie has it. He has the collective common sense of a nation. I hope he wins. For the sake of the globe. 


The headline is ALL wrong.
The Walton family made $3.1 Billion in WalMart dividends in 2014. This means the U.S. taxpayers transferred an additional $6.2 billion of our collective wealth to subsidize the RICHEST family in America.
It's corporate welfare, NOT worker welfare, that's bankrupting us.

This is only the obvious way that Wal-Mart is subsidized by taxpayers. There are other ways.

Each store is surrounded by millions of dollars in infrastructure, paid for by the public. But the valuation of these stores is quite low; much lower than the same area of traditional downtown, so they often don't pay their way in terms of property taxes. The sort of development pattern that allows Wal-Mart to thrive is economically inefficient, and as a bonus, if Wal-Mart decides to move on to the next cornfield the building and infrastructure become even less valuable.

Consider this every time you think big boxes are some kind of expression of the free market. They're a product of political decisions like everything else.
I always love when people start talking about "cutting off the welfare queens". I always say that I agree, and we should start with the biggest of them all: Walmart. It tends to throw off folks here in Texas because I think a lot of times "Welfare Queen" is just another way for them to say "not white". But anyway, I explain that even if some folks scam the system, how much are they getting? Ten grand a year? Let's start with the companies that are scamming for billions and worry about the others later. Typically, the other person agrees with going after companies but jumps right back to "cutting off the welfare queens". It becomes obvious pretty quick what their actual goals are. 
If you need the government's help to eat and you work 30+ hours a week (I'd say 40 but big box retailers and fast food are incredibly efficient in terms of not allowing anyone not-management to work over 32 so that the employees don't qualify for any benefits whatsoever), then your employer should be paying you more. It's not as if raising wages a couple of dollars per part-time employee would put Wal-Mart anywhere near the red. The sheer cheek of having new hires indoctrinated against unions and told that they will likely qualify for food stamps (McDonald's and other chains may even go so far as to instruct you on how to apply) is absolutely insane. 

The Bible says if a man does not work, he should not eat. Logically, if a man does work, he should eat. Clearly Jesus needs a course in neoliberal economics...and here I thought this was a Christian nation.

Although to be fair, all eight Republican frontrunners said they would not raise the minimum wage. So I guess that shows what I know.

Edit: if you're fine with this construct, you're admitting that private industry is incapable of supporting workers without significant government intervention. That's a dangerous road to travel for anyone who fancies himself a true conservative.
Get food stamps because Walmart won't pay a living wage. Spend your food stamps at walmart because it's cheaper and you work there. Walmart is fucking everyone from both ends.
Sam Walton would disown his greedy, bottom-feeding children if he was alive to see what they have done with the empire he built. 
Sam Walton wasn't scared to get his hands dirty. He would walk into one of his stores, put on a vest and his name tag , and get on the cash register if he needed to. His children would not do something like that if their life depended on it. Not to mention how much of the employees paychecks are recycled right back into the store because it's the only place in town to go shop. 
Wal-Mart has become the poster child for how not to do business.

Bernie Sanders is completely in his right to call out the Waltons'. However, it really only begins to scratch the surface of the greed in corporate 1% America. Bi-partisan politics as usual is the downfall of our country. Bernie Sanders is the only real option to start making this country great again.

We need to come together and take our country back people. Get out of the box and do something to change the world. 
The Government gives Walmart free land, taxes breaks, and thanks to loopholes sometimes even avoids paying tax altogether.  They're making more than just a profit, they're making a killing.

I'm voting Bernie Sanders!
If you don't like how Walmart does business, don't shop there. What will cause Walmart to change will be loss of customers or they will go out of business.
As someone who works at wal-mart I don't need any economic support I'm not on welfare food stamps or any other subsidy and I don't think any of my other coworkers are either. People just need to live within their means.
**Walmart paid 7.1billion in federal taxes.  WalMart is America's single largest taxpayer.  WalMart pays more in federal corporate tax than its employees collect in benefits.  This doesn't even count state real estate taxes, sales taxes, and the income taxes paid by Walmarts taxable management who don't collect EITC.**  
. 
http://www.forbes.com/2011/04/13/ge-exxon-walmart-apple-business-washington-corporate-taxes.html. 
As long as paying a minimum wage is legal, this will continue to be a problem. The problem isn't that Walmart pays its employees so little, it's that the federally mandated minimum wage isn't a living wage.  Raise the minimum and all problems go away. And it can't be just the big corporations either. It has to be every employer. 
People deserve to live a hellish live, right guys? Fuck the people, only the rich first right guys?
Just STOP shopping at fucking Walmart!! I haven't stepped foot in a Walmart in years! Vote with your goddamned money people!
Serious question. Are you really not able to live a basic and good live with a full time job at retail or somethin similar, or is this only at walmart?
hi
In all fairness walmart used to have good raises in the past. I know someone who's been there like 13 or 14 years now, he works no overtime and makes about 40-45k a year there as one of the hourly workers. Sadly if you started there today, you would not even be at $20 an hr in 13-15 years, let alone reaching the actual amount needed in that time period to be equivalent to $20/hr today.

.. why is this a Walmart problem? Minimum wage puts you below the poverty line? That's a government problem.
It's gotten to the point that US tax payers are subsidizing the Waltons and not small business. The Waltons have billions of dollars and a low propensity to consume. They don't need our fucking tax money.
They are gaming the system. You construct a new system, and they'll game that one too.

The trick is to make a system that works, instead of simply making us feel better about ourselves or to buy votes. I sure as hell think Welfare wasn't designed as a wage subsidy for Wal-Mart, but it sure as hell is being used that way.
I work for a Wal-Mart in California. Recently  the schedule for the maintenance department took a massive hit. it appears that the higher ups are punishing my store and several others like it that hired new associates, and due to corporates' inability to log them into the system into the actual position that they are working as, were left in the maintenance department. We have been punished for their own lack of communication and unwillingness to cooperate with us on a human level. Even *full time* associates in my department were severely undercut to 8 hours this and next fucking week, for who knows how long....
I'm honestly fucking sick of it. and management can't do shit about it
Boycott the mo fo'a. Stop biting their products Americans!
Bad governance allowed this to creep in, and no it wasn't Obama's fault.
The goal should be to insure that all workers are paid a living wage, whatever that living wage might be. Of course, this living wage is determined by cost of living which varies not just by state, but by county. The six purposes of government as found in the Preamble to the U.S. Constitution, are to "establish Justice, insure domestic Tranquility, provide for the common defense, **promote the general Welfare**, and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our posterity." Surely, the government should do its part to insure that no one who works full time lives in poverty. It doesn't have to be so complicated an issue. As Governor Andrew M. Cuomo of New York said on Sept. 10, 2015; “If you work full time, you shouldn’t have to live in poverty – plain and simple.” 
The article says Walmart pays minimum wage.  They dont--they started paying a starting wage of $9 a hour last year while raising current employees to $10 an hour by Feb of 2016.

Not much, I know...and still not a living wage.  that said, I dont think positions considered "entry"  "unskilled" etc are or should be designed to support a family. Yes, retail, fast food, etc is physical and can be exhausting--but it requires no higher education and most of us did it as teens or as a college side job.

if you want to be paid more, go to college, teach yourself, or find an industry/company where you can start low and move up.

My 66 year old Aunt took a  part time job at at the bakery in Walmart  ( you should see the amazing cakes she made when we were kids) not because she had to but because if she didnt she would kill my Uncle who had just retired and was following her around the house like a lost puppy.
Minimum wage hike would effectively fuck over small businesses by either forcing them to down size their staff or having them to raise the prices of their goods and services.  Both outcomes would give corporations like Wally-McDonalds an unfair advantage.  That's addition to the negative impact it will have low skilled workers as most of the low skill jobs will be replaced by machines.

It's not surprising that sanders supports a raise in the federal minimum wage since that would mean more money the government can rake in via income tax.  How else do you expect he's going to pay for all that free shit he's promising?  Taxing the %1 a little bit more? LoL.

I am so tried of this anti Walmart propaganda. nobody is forcing Walmart employees to work there. if they don't like it they can leave. They don't need to be felt sorry for. there are plenty of homeless people that can't get a job that deserve your sympathies more
[Minimum wage adjusted for inflation, since 1968 it has been a steady downtrend](http://money.cnn.com/interactive/economy/minimum-wage-since-1938/).  This is a consumer economy, people need money to spend, when none or less is spent the markets downtrend.  How is minimum wage not important to healthy consistent growth markets and ensuring raises throughout the labor market? 

[Minimum wage increases do not create recessions](http://econbrowser.com/archives/2014/06/more-curious-correlations). If you look closely at most recessions, they happen after a long period of stagnant wages. Many times in a recession, minimum wage is increased to spur spending and help exit a recession much like a tax break for the lower end of the economy in reverse. What needs to happen is a [yearly link to cost of living/inflation(CPI) like many states are now doing](http://www.govdocs.com/minimum-wages-tied-cost-living/).

Stagnant wages at the bottom also stop wages from increasing throughout the economy.  The minimum wage is one of the only lower end boosts you can give the economy remaining. The minimum wage is the last remaining lever to allow money to trickle up since getting tax breaks for middle and lower classes is going in the opposite direction. When you give money to the lower/middle class they have to spend in a downturn/recession, when you give it to the rich they keep it and invest it when it bottoms out or starts to get good again.  Minimum wage increases are a way to improve consumer spending during recessions.

Because if all of these people weren't working at Wal-mart they'd be working a $15/hr job with 401k and benefits?
American economics 101: Greed takes advantage of the "free" market and makes everyone poor and a few VERY rich.  This is called economic inequality.  The government must step in to prevent greed from destroying the economy because greed never sleeps and will always have a major impact on EVERYTHING unless it is forcefully controlled.

No one wants to pay YOU any more than they need to.  They want to maximize their own profits.  And holy shit have they done a damn good job.  They're dirty fucking rich.

And then you get the idiots on here defending greed and acting like it's fair game.  Fucking idiots deserve to be slaves because that's exactly what you're defending.

The big question is, what can we do to prevent *this* reality: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QPKKQnijnsM    
Welcome to globalization. See you at the bottom. 
Walmart benefits more from food stamps than the food stamp recipients
I love the people defending Walmart here on the basis "well if they worked harder they wouldn't have to work at Walmart."

How are people so gullible to the republican con about "just work hard."

And how do people not realize that thanks to supporting the same absurd mindset they've screwed themselves and others out of much needed training and education to become skilled in a trade or career. Do people really think Walmart and the Republican party is looking out for society? And do they really think it's that easy to "just make more money then, I did, so they can."
I don't get why some people don't understand that paying people a wage that allows them to purchase basic things like food without assistance actually benefits an economy and is worth doing. It shouldn't matter how easily someone can be replaced. They should be paid at the very fucking least over $10 an hour. No one is going to get rich working at Walmart but they should be earning enough so they don't have to choose between food and paying the electric bill.  
I'm 30 and when I was a teen I was extremely embarrassed to even enter Walmart. Now I shop there weekly. Why? Because it's the cheapest place around for almost anything you need and I need to save as much as I can! It's a cold world.
Clearly Jesus needs a course in neoliberal economics...and here I thought walmart was raising their minimum wage with shit benefits.
.... How is this any different from government subsidized healthcare he supports for those that don't receive it through their employer?
'The public is too stupid, indifferent, uncaring, and uninformed to care about their fellow Americans in such desparate need.' 
I really dislike articles that need to shit all over the American public like they aren't the victims of corporate shadiness.
(The author spelled desperate wrong lol).
I worked for Safeway, a grocery store, many employees are on food stamps. Safeway doesn't pay enough to live and then the employees put the government money right back into the corporation that's under paying its employees.
Don't allow part-time workers. Solves the problem, albeit roughly and without tact.

Some of you seem to not realise that the main difference between "being able to live off working at walmart" and "not" is having benefits, which part-timers don't.

Depending on the situation, I'd wager upwards of 3-4 part time jobs = 1 full time job with benefits.

Raising the minimum wage won't really help this situation much, and is potentially damaging in the long run.

Incoming downvotes for logic and knee-jerk reactions without engaging in the discussion. :P
If we averaged those subsidies out over the PRICES at Walmart, their prices would likely be much, much higher than other stores that pay a living wage.  And even Americans who don't shop there subsidize a portion of Walmart's low-wage/low-price sham.
Subsidizing half of income earners destroy the economy. The free market has not been at work since FDR left office. When the demand never goes down because the government is always there to subsidize and meet the heightened prices of the private sector, who by the way gets called in by these politicians to write these laws, prices never actually reach a natural equilibrium. Look at the disaster the federal government caused with college tuition. Colleges know that whenever they hike tuition rates the federal government will be there to keep paying more and more for those that can't afford it. So now we are stuck with an inflated system where the only ones that can afford it are the rich who help write the socialist laws, and the poor who vote the socialists in. Everyone who makes the exact cut off of arbitrary poverty is stuck with the artificially inflated prices thanks to subsidies. Fuck subsidies, sure they help in the short term, but politicians can't see past the next election cycle. They don't give a shit. Look at it this way, farmers can raise the price of milk 300%, back in the day that bitch wouldn't sell any milk and would be forced to bring the price down, now we just call the government to give people money to make up the rest, so now the markets are fucked. Thanks progressives for not progressing anything except the stacks of regulations and the prices of everything.
So there's that Republican/Con myth/mantra of "small government." 

It's not really small, it's just farmed out in various ways.
I actually think Walmart is showing us the way, and that government should be providing everybody with a minimum standard of living, regardless of their ability or willingness to work.  It's called a "basic income".  I guess I'm even more of a socialist than Bernie Sanders.
Walmart will actively take employees into a meeting and tell them who the company would like you to vote for. It's happened in the past many times.


And when they know you are supporting against the company line, they will sabotage your schedule and position. Like saying you are for a union, and then you notice you have all night shifts the next week. Then every week. Then they tell you that you need to change your availability or you lose your position.


I was a CSM (Customer Service Manager) while in college, they did it a few times until I left the company, and I know from others that they still do these things.
The fuck is he thinking. Paying $20/yr to ensure some people get a bit extra food and winter heating through programs is not a bad thing. Especially when you could be that person.

As someone who doesn't work at Walmart and has been on SNAP: What the fuck?
What gives walmart, or any other employer for that matter, the right to demand that people work for them for any less than Google employees receive? Why don't the stockholders of Walmart take their money and invest in a Google style business in the retail market?
It's about time someone stood up to them.
This is always the thing that kills me about Walmart.
I see a lot of conversation about raising the minimum wage. I'm not necessarily against it, but it's not the conversation that needs to be had. It's us splashing water on a fire while some one else douses it with gasoline. This is not going to be perfect, but I think it gives a good representation of the issues we face.

Top ton companies ranked by market capitalization:
https://en.wikipedia.org/…/List_of_public_corporations_by_m…

If you want to see that actual market cap for a company you can look it up. eg:
http://www.wikinvest.com/…/Apple…/Data/Market_Capitalization

You don't see walmart, mcdonalds, target, any general minimum wage job on this list. Many of the major tech companies were just caught in a wage fixing scheme. Meanwhile they say we need more h1-b visas. When one of the major pillars of our economy says we're going to stop wages right here. It hits everyone. I'm not saying trickle down is a thing, but you need to let the wage market expand, and I think it would fix a lot of this. We need a department of justice with some actual teeth. Put these fuckers in jail. Like what the fuck. So understand that the conversation is being manipulated. The dialog is being set and it's not the one we need to be having. 
Would be nice if corporate welfare was viewed the same way as welfare for the poor is.
When I have minimum wage discussions, I tend to point out that this whole minimum wage issue and the problem of people not having access to resources for their own survival is an indictment of the entire capitalist structure as a whole. 

In the next 20 years, the entire minimum wage issue will be solved by corporate Earth's shifting to automation and robotics for their labor. Employment, wages, and capitalism itself is slowly becoming obsolete. 
WalMart and other companies need to start rocking 40+ hour work weeks. The four 30 hour work weeks a mouth pretty much means only 3 full time paychecks a month. That's the big problem with WalMart wages.
Surely this man cannot become president?!?! He seems to be speaking the truth a bit too much for my liking, surely the CIA have a shooter waiting in the wings for him, Watch out Sanders! 
That's American capitalism........externalize all costs, whenever possible.  
government subsidies should not have to exist for people working 35+ hours a week. instead our corporate model is built around it. it's not about greed or morals, it's a structure and a system that exists for those that can take advantage of it. to make it a moral problem ignores the structure that suppprts its existence, and that is a cozy relationship between large corporations and government. 
I don't know how the country's even reached this point. We need to take every dime Walmart makes and make sure that their employees see the majority of it. What are they even using the money for? They've done enough expanding. The CEOs should have their pay capped as well. Just because they got lucky doesn't mean they should be making more than the average person
Anyone who works 40 hours a week deserves a livable wage.  I can't stand the argument that these jobs are for high school and college students.

Why are young people second class citizens?  Why is their labor worth any less?

How can we expect college students to start their post-grad life with any success if they're saddled with debt from criminally high tuition and criminally low wages?
Bernie Sanders? Name rings a bell. Maybe I should check /r/politics more often to find out more about this fellow.
What Walmart is doing is just another form of corporate welfare. They save a shitload of money by underpaying their employees and the government ends up paying the difference.
The government assistance is the issue, I know people are not gonna like what I say but if the government safety net was cut the the employs quit 1,000s at a time then WalMart would have to offer higher wages.
How about raising the import tariffs on goods imported and lowering american made goods. More jobs means more money, less people who would work for Walmart because there are higher paying jobs out there. 

Boom, just blew your mind 
I get that this is a discussion thread but did anyone read the article? The wording is pretty awful. Also, there are typos and the source tweets aren't even included.
This got me really excited but then I read the article and there is absolutely no factual information or sources. How'd they get the $6 billion? What is Bernie doing? There isn't even a quote by Sanders.
I see the older individuals hanging onto entry level jobs and keeping the youth from getting entry levels jobs as a bigger problem than Walmart not paying enough to raise a family on an entry level job.  Why do we have people in our society with 5, 10, 15+ years of work experience who don't know how to do anything more than run a cash register or stock a shelf? 

I don't see this as a Walmart problem.  An individual working full time in a minimum wage position, and according to the BLS people don't stay at minimum wage for long, typically won't qualify for benefits.  That means that these individuals collecting $6 billion in government benefits have made lifestyle choices that qualified them for those benefits.  Should we have Walmart screen employees asking them if they have any children and then denying employment to anyone with a family saying "Sorry, we don't pay enough, you can't have this job."?

Walmart didn't make the lifestyle choices that qualified them for benefits, those individuals made those choices, therefore I don't blame Walmart for the cost to the taxpayer.  If I can work full time at Walmart and not get benefits, but someone else works the same hours/wage and gets benefits that's not Walmart's fault.
Walmart is on the short-list of best things to happen to America's poor.

To me (and economists), it's obvious that offering low prices to 300 million Americans is much more important than whether it's 2.2 million employees are being exploited somehow. At the very least, before you hit that downvote button, you should *consider* that this might be true. If you genuinely care about the poor, you'll be genuinely worried that me (and economists) are correct, and walmart is good for the poor.
Tax payers also shop at Walmart, keeping them in business.
Except that Walmart raised their minimum wage to $9 this year and will take it to $10 next year.  They did this before Target, Home Depot, Lowes', etc., none of whom had spoke of doing this before their hand was forced.
I know some people think it's still cool to use Walmart as some evil welfare-sucking empire, but they're pretty far away from the companies that are actively making it more difficult for citizens to have a successful life.
You guys do realize that *because* the welfare system exits, Walmart can get away with paying so little.  If it didn't exist, the workers would demand more compensation.  


Something tells me that Mr. Sanders wants to pass regulations that will make it harder for smaller businesses to survive or even start, thereby giving Walmart an even larger market share than it already has.

What you wacky socialists don't understand is that Walmart, McDonalds, etc. *can* afford to pay their employees more. It's everyone else that can't, and that's the problem. Walmart would be delighted to pay their workers $15 an hour if they have a complete monopoly in their market.
So, Why just Wal-Mart?  There are thousands of retail chains and stores doing EXACTLY the same thing.  Restaurants, convenience stores, mall stores.  

What's fucking fundamentally wrong is people expect to have their families supported, despite not having the skills or education to make themselves viable on the market.  Minimum wage/Skill jobs ARE NOT FUCKING DESIGNED TO SUPPORT A FAMILY.
This is one of the worst articles I've read in a long time. Not only did it generalize to the point where it was completely worthless, but it didn't even give the information needed for the title to be justified. At the end of it we still don't know what Bernie would do to solve this problem, and I still wasn't convinced that there was a problem. How can you argue about the added costs to society of underpaying workers if you don't say how much they're already paid? This is a textbook example of pandering internet journalism. 
If you don't like how much Walmart pays,  I'd suggest getting a job elsewhere.   None are forced to work there

We need to (somehow) make our labor market and education system better so that people don't need to rely on a minimum wage Walmart job to provide for a family. Walmart jobs should be younger workers (high school age) and supplemental income. 

That's the root of our problem; I agree that minimum wage should be higher to keep up with inflation, but that's a band-aid that doesn't address the root cause - people need to build skills to contribute to society and get a job that is more valuable than greeting people at Walmart or stocking shelves if they wish to provide a life for themselves and maybe a family.
This is clever campaigning. Very on message, but Clinton was also on Walmart's board, which allows a Sanders offensive leading up to the next debate. 
This argument has always been weak-sauce. 

If Walmart went away would the amount the government subsidizes these people go up or down? They would either be unemployed or work somewhere else in the industry earning low wages all the same. Either way, removing Walmart from the equation would likely only increase the amount the government spends. It would also reduce tax revenue received by the government to help pay for these programs.
It really bothers me that my retirement is tied to investment in these giant corporations. Not just Walmart but the rest of them too. It's like even though I personally am against raping the environment I have to cheer on the environment rapers just so I don't have to live in a box under a bridge when I'm old. It's almost like a special social security tax that benefits these corporations better than it will ever benefit me. There's no guarantee the money will be there when I'm old or that it will be enough to keep me out of that box.
Or the employees could look for another job. Corporations and nanny states don't need to coddle individuals. There is such a thing as personal responsibility. 
Bernie Sanders is a clown
48% of people who are working minimum wage are between 16 to 24. If we are going to do Pander Math then we are going to negatively effect people lives. I rather not destroy people's future just because an ineffective 33 year politician can become president.
That's a 6 billion dollar public subsidy for Walmart

Best way to describe it
Bernie Sanders takes on death itself. It's very concerning how many Americans die, bernie sanders will bring both my parents back to life and make sure I will.never die. He has my vote.
Bernie Panders
It's a good thing millions of Americans didn't trample each other yesterday trying to pre-spend the tax refund check they'll be getting in a few months at their local Walmart.  Nobody forced Americans to shop at Walmart, or to work there.
This guys a broken record, jeez. We get it you hate things with money 
I get that reddit loves to hate Walmart, but their stock price has taken a huge hit this year as a direct result of increased wages for store associates. Also, Walmart employs a great deal of people that are simply not employable elsewhere and those people would be receiving even more welfare benefits if they didn't work for Walmart. 
[deleted]
Easiest solution.  Stop shopping there and have them go out of business.
And not just Walmart employees either. The families (women &amp; children) of some construction workers get public assistance too. And other low-wage workers probably do too. It's one way the government colludes with their political contributors in industry. The government also builds housing for them.

O yes. Somalis are being imported to work in the meat-packing industry and receive public assistance too. Their kids, second and third generations, probably won't go for that so well. 
Meanwhile Hillary Clinton was on the wal mart board of directors for six years.

ok but i work at a bakery making 10 dollars an hour and still need food stamps and subsidies and payday loans to get by.

It almost sounds like he is out of touch that Wal Mart is the only company not paying its employees a living wage.

Im all for profiting off your enterprise but still, Rent too damn high. 
In Denver if the min wage were raised to 15/hr we would be able to afford everything exactly as it is priced currently. They already inflated the cost of living here without altering the wages needed to make ends meet. 

When you need to show 3000 dollars just to get an apt, that means you need to be making over 20 dollars an hour. Im not sure how anyone is getting by in Denver right now. Two jobs isnt enough at 10 an hour.
Instead of PP, we should defund Walmart

Walmart is held up by government subsidies

They take away thousands of better paying jobs and small businesses from areas

But many cities love Walmart because it gets them lots of sales tax.

#defundwalmart
As someone who is pretty much in the middle on every issue it disgusts me how the majority of Republicans are happy as fuck when they post those pics like "McDonalds employees wanted $15/hr, say hello to the new McDonalds employees!" and it's a machine. Do you not understand that you pay more in taxes because these people aren't getting their minimum wage upped?

Sure, I agree that flipping burgers at McDonalds or Wendy's is not something that should be more than a high school gig, but for some people it is. Is it deserving for $15/hr? Not really, no. I do a whole lot harder work than they do and I only make $10.10/hr but I'd rather not have to pay more in taxes because some major corporation is unwilling to pay their employees.
The more I read about Bernie the more I love the guy.  On a side note, I am a registered republican. 
For this alone Sanders should be elected President. FUCK WALMART! 
[deleted]
Ah the old Walmart rhetoric again. Ridiculous everytime.
&gt;The public is too stupid, indifferent, uncaring, and uninformed to care about their fellow Americans in such desparate need. 

I really despise this well-trodden lazy rhetoric from the left wing of the Democratic Party. Barack Obama was successful for many reasons, but chief among them was the rejection of this ideology. Blaming the people doesn't work well for getting elected and it's just plain wrong. The American people are none of those things. They simply have lost efficacy and feel disconnected from a plutocratic system they no longer have any control over.  
WalMart pays more than that just in federal taxes, so it's still a net win for the government.
Downvotes Ahoy. No, it's not to 'survive'. Americans are to good at hyperbole. Our poverty line is rich in other countries. Let's not pretend non mentally ill people are starving to death in this country
It's like no one ever said anything bad about Walmart before Saint Bernie got into the act.
Democrat solution:  raise minimum wage.           
Republican solution: cut assistance services to put less than 1% more into war budget, and allocate 30% increase in military budget.          
Socialist solution: guilt trip Walmart. 
You mean Redditors didn't take advantage of their white privilege and get a better job than Walmart?
you should be supportive of Trump if this truly bothers you, because he is the only candidate that has addressed the unfair trade agreements and practices with China , which is the leading ingredient to Walmart having to reduce labor cost to compete on a world stage, under Trumps plan China would be forced to subsidize the imbalance in labor and manufacturing cost by way of trade tax, and you would also see American made products on budget department store shelf's in China for a change.

You ether believe in whats right or wrong or you don't, so maybe instead of voting based on party loyalty you should choose to vote for future jobs and manufacturing followed by fair trade agreements    
I thought that Walmart raised the minimum wage of its employees to $9 an hour back in April, increasing to $10 next February. [Link](http://thinkprogress.org/economy/2015/06/09/3667927/walmart-turnover/)

This article says "At present, Walmart pays minimum wage...".
Is this wrong, or am I missing something?
http://fortune.com/2015/06/02/walmart-workers-raise/
I'd ask somebody to do the real math on this.  If companies like Walmart are required to change, they won't keep many of these people employed, and their need for assistance will be greater.  Prices will change and then the economy is affected by retail sales dropping off.  An economist could analyze whether this will have its intended effect.  You can't simply assume that Walmart will do a "you got me" and continue business as usual.
Where is the source for the taxpayer cost of $6 billion in economic support claim? It just states it in the article and there's no source cited.
"...[even if Walmart were to pass 100 percent of a $12 wage increase to consumers, its average impact on a Walmart shopper would be negligible: it would raise prices only 1.1 percent.](http://www.attn.com/stories/1786/how-much-prices-walmart-rise-if-they-paid-better-wage)" That's in 2011 numbers; article links directly to PDF.
Honestly the worst thing about Walmart is that every time a new one is built they fleece the hell out of the local government. 

If you see a Walmart somewhere you can bet when it was built they had a deal with the city or county government that involved the local gov. spending a ton of money to benefit Walmart AND giving them a sweetheart tax deal. It's on the same level as pro football teams extorting money from cities and states under the threat of moving the franchise.

Someone said elsewhere in this thread that HRC's love of money &gt; her morals. That's the biggest problem in America. Money IS the moral standard for many many people.
That's only around $49 in taxes per taxpayer, isn't it?
The richest family in the nation wouldn't be without the taxpayer covering the cost of their workers, along with all those local deals to eliminate their property taxes and all that other good citizen kind of responsibility. 

Remember Hillary Clinton was for a time on the WalMart Board of Directors.   
http://abcnews.go.com/Blotter/story?id=4218509&amp;page=1
[Relevant House of Cards scene](http://youtu.be/878WL2E2liE)
This is just a way to hold these businesses accountable and not shifting their responsibilities onto the taxpayers. Another way would be to impose a dollar-for-dollar fee on these corporations for all the assistance their employees get.
I think he or she was only explaining the common argument against this so I can always count on.
Its interesting that in america this is a topic when in the UK there was revolt over tax credit removal which would force large corporations into paying living wages. 
About $20 each per year. 
Republicans and democrats alike are baffled by that line. If it's true. Wow. 

Can anyone throw me a bone and link me some info on Bernie Sanders foreign policy stance? I'd really like a president strong in foreign policy.
I always have this discussion.  It's not Walmarts fault.  Their a corporation and we can't just say everyone will have good intentions.  This is why it's so important to have the right people in office.  Government regulation needs to be a learning experience, not created by fear of what may happen.
A rather moot point in comparison to the billions that get looted via government contracts = sustained, massive corporate welfare. There's a whole subindustry of leeches winning off of that, but no one wants to speak on the true meaning of the coded language of "less government". 
I see the point that my friends can't comprehend when using this argument; that it was a long time ago and only important during Bill's governorship.
Non American here. Isn't this an issue of minimum wage being too low? Why is he singling out Walmart specifically?
Can we PolitiFact this right now?
They need to live a basic and good live with a full-time 40+hours a week job as well.
crabs-in-a-barrel.....
There are a long list of companies who pay there employees less than Walmart, but since Walmart is the biggest retailer in the world they are an easy target. 
I really wish I don't have to shop at Walmart, but there isn't any Target stores around. 
I mean buying 
I'm for a living wage and we are long overdue to raising the minimum wage to reflect a fair wage. But why always pic on Walmart when multimillion dollar businesses like Papa Johns, McDonalds, Pizza Hut are much worse offenders. I know people that work at Walmart who do okay and aren't in poverty or using government assistance. The other companies I listed will not pay enough even to live on.
Just wait until the Transportation and Service industries have been kicked out of the medical benefits for her family come through her job.
Bernie taking on these big corporations makes me fear for his life sometimes. 
Dude bernie is such a new light, such a revolutionary, no one has discovered this fact before!
Why does it feel like Sanders is trying to pad his resume?
Every time Redditors talk about automation and employment, we reach the conclusion that guaranteed minimum income, aka minimum income, is inevitable. What that means is that businesses don't pay people enough to live- people must be subsidized by the government. That's exactly what is going on here. So why is it so upsetting? **This is inevitable.** Raising the minimum wage will not fix it.
Let's not forget Walmart employs over a million people. The percentage of people that get assistance in other similar companies is probably just as high.
Hey, Iowa. This goes for me, too. Let's get off our butts and get ourselves to the hokey caucuses on Monday, Feb. 1 and support Sen. Sanders and the cause we share. Seriously. Let's go!
Well yeah, but I bet the richest republicans aren't paying a dime. They're probably pocketing cash over this arrangement.

Of course little will change as long as naive people believe Republican rhetoric and as long as people keep shopping at places like Walmart. Money talks.
This reminds me of what the politician in house of Cards said about walmart. 



"The starting salary for an employee at Walmart is below the poverty line.

"Now, the American government subsidizes Walmart to the tune of $7.8 billion a year by issuing food stamps to over one in ten of its workers. But here's the scary part. Fifteen percent of all food stamps are actually used at Walmart. Meaning Walmart gets to double dip into the federal government's coffers.

"I'm as angry about it as you are. Because Walmart's top executives have reaped almost 300 million in tax-deductible performance pay over the last six years. That needs to stop! 

"We need to raise the minimum wage! Cut down on corporate greed by regulating bonuses! It's time to balance the scales."
If he doesn't disappear after going after them. I'm voting for him. 
When we get subsidies they are incapable of supporting workers without significant government intervention.
Hey I work for Wal-Mart and we are getting a pay raise... weird 
I feel the Bern
How much does Walmart pay in taxes?  
Honestly, I've never thought about it like this.....
Edit For everyone bombarding my inbox, I am imagining him saying that the sole cost of labor The issue is that most uninformed individuals seem to think that it was before!
Plus the income tax the government is not getting too.
The second-in-command just moved in across the street. Maybe I should show him this thread as a "welcome basket."

:)
Giving back into the economy.
Solution: shut down walmart.
There's far too much low/no skilled labor.
I hate thief's and stealing in general. 

But i never feel bad about stealing from walmart. 
Walmart isn't evil.  They offer above min wage jobs and great benifits after you have been there for a year.  [My favorite part about Walmart is how the current CEO literately worked his way up from the bottom.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Doug_McMillon#Career)

At least Sanders isn't getting pissy about deodorants this time around I guess.
His solution: Increase those benefits.
But if the minimum wage.
Bah, we don't need to do anything; the free market will fix it.
yo FUCK walmart. go bern
What it does show is how I was fired over a rule that was never enforced in the past.
No taxation without representation, eh?
Socialism for the rich. Who's the real welfare sponges? I don't remember then last time a poor person picked up a cheque for trillion dollars to "bail them out" of trouble.

Trickle down economics? All I see is money funneling up.
Walmart makes like &lt;3% profit margin. But they do so much volume their competition can't do that and keep prices low. 
There's an easy solution to that, get them jobs that are worth more. Pay to educate and/or train them more if needed. That's what will create real change, not taking easy shots at Wal-Mart.
walmart pays their store employees better than target.  why not point that out, sanders?
As usual, Bernie continues to fight for the people who struggle everyday. Nobody can compare to his decades of hard work and selfless dedication.
Well, at least someone who wants to be in charge is saying it
I'm getting sick of these ridiculous click bait Bernie sanders headlines.  
Let me guess, Bernie wants to increase federal regulation, taking money from people who have it and giving it to people who don't.

What do I win?
So stop giving welfare and food stamps to people who work at walmart.
&gt;What makes this rallying cry so disingenuous is the fact that his mother received government assistance while he was growing up, which he acknowledges was crucial. The government gave him free eyeglasses as a child, which improved his grades.

This jumped out at me the most. This is the pinnacle of the "fuck you, I got mine" mentality. He is proof that government assistance programs can work, and he is advocating stripping them down now that he has to pay for them. How could we elect such a hypocrite?
Kareem's arguments are always incredibly reasonable. He's possibly my current favorite consequence of the Ja Rule-rule.
Pssh, this coming from the guy who my dad says never even got back on defense.
I'm not sure you could find 3% of experts in any field that would take Carson's crazy view of anything.   
3% of Egyptologists say the pyramids were grain silos?   
3% of WWII scholars says personal firearms would have stopped the holocaust?   
Maybe 3% of Popeye's patrons say the guy you want is on the other side of the counter?  
Or 3% of crazy mother fuckers with knives say you better not change the radio unless you wanna get stabbed in the gut?  

"But he's a doctor, he cant possibly be wrong about anything"  
                                                            - general population
"When those who have governmental authority, such as police, or who command wide attention from the public, such as candidates and pundits, express contempt for any group, it emboldens the bigots to crawl out from beneath their tree stumps to openly express their prejudices because they believe they have tacit approval from those in authority." - Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
On behalf of all liberals, can we not bring this guy down too early?  He's polling well with the religious right...Let's let them have him for their guy.

Pretty please?
[deleted]
I love that Kareem has better political reasoning than the majority of our politicians
Can somebody please find Ja Rule, so I can make sense of all this.
The party is making me ashamed to say I'm Republican. May as well just say I'm an ignorant cunt at this point.
Nobody that thinks the earth is 6,000 years old should be president.

EDIT: I should also note that he firmly believes got created every living thing on earth in 6 days.
anyone with half a brain cell can tell that this guy is bad for america.
I'd say Carson is terrible for All Americans, not just Black Americans.
Oh, he's not Kareem Abdul-Jabar, he's just the copilot. 
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar Fought Bruce Lee.  We'd better listen to what he has to say.
He might not be very good at fighting dudes less than half his height but he is on point with this.
The guy is a doctor who goes against a fundimental fact of biology.  He is a fool at best and a liar and charlatan at worst. 
For a doctor to deny evolution is ludicrous.
Ben Carson is terrible for **all** Americans.

Ben and every other Republican running all stand for the same exact thing so it really doesn't matter which one you elect; they want to ignore climate change on behalf of the billionaires who profit from destroying the environment. The country and this planet belongs to everyone, not just the rich. As it has been famously said, the environment not our inheritance, it is in our stewardship for our children. Each generation ought to seek to leave it better than they found it for the next generation, not worse.

Shrink the world down to a single household. How many Republicans would allow their children to pollute the family pool because it made those children some money? Dump toxic waste in the yard because it's cheaper? Taint the water supply? Chop down one wing of the house for more wood? 

We have one home, one planet, and she's can be a powerful ally or a deadly enemy all depending on how you treat her. It took a long time for humans to figure out how to farm and irrigate and it didn't take much longer after that to notice that abusing the land yields a poor return. We know everything we have to do to keep the world able to sustain us and produce our needs for many generations to come. What we have here is a small group of humans with undue influence on the course of world events fighting against our nature, republican or democrat, to take care of the environment we live in, so that they can continue profiting from its abuse. I know that every rural republican in agriculture respects the land that produces for them -see through the lies of the party you support and recognize that these slick businessmen are taking you for a ride. They don't respect your beliefs, your ideals, or your values -though they talk about them all the time.

They just respect the almighty dollar and they don't care who they destroy to get it.
&gt;97% of the world's experts

Hard to tell if talking about creationism, global warming, quack nutritional supplements, or homosexuality. Welcome to the Republican Party. As a white guy, they've been the worst thing to happen to the reputation of my race since King Leopold.
After reading this....

Kareem Abdul Jabbar, ...you the real MVP
In the case of ignoring almost all experts and concrete evidence, one must not just question Carson's decision making but reject him and his support base as completely ignorant and dangerous. Stop being mealy-mouthed about it. Carson and his pushers are now completely indistinguishable from those who are willfully ignorant, superstitious and demonstrably dangerous to every other human on this planet. They should be rejected by decent human beings anywhere they show up in public.
Damn, I apparently need to read Kareem's stuff more often. I'll admit I wasn't a Carson supporter in the first place, but this was a really well-written and put together piece.
When Professional Athletes sound smarter and more sane than the men running for the GOP nomination, it is all over.  This ship is going down, people.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar - 2016!
Let's be real. He's bad for humanity in general.
my man KAJ... can you run plz?
The good thing is he doesn't stand a chance. So just ignore him and vote sanders 
He's bad for all of us. 
the real story here is not that Ben Carson is a fool, but that one of the greatest basketball players of all time is writing some of the most eloquent columns about Black issues in the United States.

Here is a recent profile in the NYTimes that gets into how much of a weirdo he is. ["What the World Got Wrong About Kareem Abdul-Jabbar](http://www.nytimes.com/2015/09/20/magazine/what-the-world-got-wrong-about-kareem-abdul-jabbar.html?_r=0)
He really thinks all the answers are in the bible.  You can't get much more brainwashed.
I never thought about it as a black issue. I just thought of it as a stupidity issue. The people who vote for him are stupid and he's mentally ill or delusional and I still can't figure out how someone like him got his education but believes in the crack pot ideas he has.

As far as black issues go, integration and prejudice are still the two greatest issues in my mind. 
He's a black man who is a member of the political party that works like crazy to keep other black men from being able to vote. That alone should make people question his decision-making ability. 

It's just as confusing as poor or gay republicans. 
Every time it's election time in the US i'm always reminded to not take life too serious and rather see the humor in the state of the world. Thank you Ben Carson for being the complete idiot you are:D


[Relevant Bloom County.](http://www.gocomics.com/bloomcounty/1988/04/25)  Read the previous week, too!  Jesse Jackson ran for president in 1988, but you could tell he wasn't presidential.  Ben Carson isn't either.  "It's not our year."  I feel the same way about Hillary Clinton and Carly Fiorina.  I want to see a woman president, but it would have to be someone like Elizabeth Warren.  It's not our year.  
To be fair he would be terrible for all americans, but I can see how he could potentially be even worse for black americans.
I just can't in good conscience vote for someone (anyone, for any party) anymore that believes such nonsense. Take his stance on evolution, that in this day an age people consider voting for someone that believes it simply doesn't happen is like voting for someone that adamantly refuses to let go of the idea that the earth is flat. I see no difference between them anymore, and I ridicule that idea just the same I would someone claiming that their underwear is made from the mane of unicorns and it speaks to them every night.

Considering that racism is still alive &amp; well amongst conservatives &amp; Republicans as proved by [the NH Republican cop who called Obama a n*gger](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2014/05/19/nh-police-commissioner-resigns-in-wake-obama-slur/) or by this [guy at a Trump rally a few weeks ago](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gDBNXkTMVx0) or by those, who [like Ted Nugent, think that Obama is a *"sub-human mongrel"*](http://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/2014/02/22/ted-nugent-comments-may-hurt-greg-abbott-campaign/), I find it surprising to see how well Carson is doing.

After all, it's only a matter of time before these racists might have to vote to put another n*gger in the White House, their words, not mine. I can't see them doing it.
The one saving grace here is that when I go home for Christmas with my conservative, somewhat racist relatives, at least I won't have to argue about Carson *in addition to* Trump!

^yay ^racism
If you elect a guy like Ben Carson or any those Republican candidates, then America deserves the shit they will do to the country.
This guy is so batshit crazy I was blown away at the support he has. This is [how I imagine](https://media.giphy.com/media/wXrihNIRoVDZ6/giphy.gif) him in his downtime.
Honestly in the end it won't matter this is between Hilary and Bernie&lt;3
As long as God is telling him what to do, I'm OK with it. /s
Kareem is correct--but Carson is not just "terrible for Black Americans" he's terrible for ALL Americans--Carson's ignorance is off the scale
More like terrible for everyone in general.
He's not even an elected leader, he's just a guy with money making absurd statements within a political context. 
But he knows how to mess around in people's brains so he must be an expert in all scientific fields, right?
But can he dunk?
He's terrible for *all* Americans.
What the fuck does that have to do with "black americans"? It has to do with ALL americans. Fucking racist
A famous basketball player giving opinions is not politics. 
But per the GOP, black people only voted for Obama because he was black so the same must hold true for Carson.  /s

I really hope Carson wins the nomination. Conservatives will turn on him and call him a "weak candidate" when he gets beat down by Hillary. Between Obama being 10 steps ahead of them on everything and letting Ben Carson lead their party into irrelevancy the racism will flow like water from the right. 
Carson claims the Egyptian pyramids were for [storing grain](http://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2015/nov/05/ben-carson-egyptian-pyramids-were-grain-stores-not-pharoahs-tombs).  Guy just pulls things out of his ass.
[Carson's reaction to this](https://timedotcom.files.wordpress.com/2015/11/carson.jpg?quality=75&amp;strip=color&amp;w=550)
I just don't like the idea that because Ben Carson is black, people expect him to work for black Americans as opposed to just being the president of everybody. It's quietly a very racist idea. 
What does Ja Rule think!?
Ben Carson Is Terrible for Americans***

Title corrected.
Right! I mean, who would think about re-electing Bush? 
He should be saying this of all the candidates. 
"KAREEM ABDUL-JABBAR! ALL TIME GREAT SUPER SUPER STAR!"
Well, that was brutal and on point. 

Carson, of course, won't change. 
EXACTLY!!!!!
It's not bad decision making abilities, it's just tremendous ego. 
It said more about Americans since he is a front runner of the GOP 
It's simple really. He (Carson) is a tool.
That whistling sound you hear? It's the Carson campaign returning to Earth...
Any Howard Stern fans out there who think Ben Carson reminds them a little of Riley Martin?
Kareem for President?
Kareen still dropping sky hooks
wait wait wait wait.... Ben Carson is the leading GOP candidate now??? geez
Not good for Muslims either, an issue relevant to Abdul Jabbar...wonder why that didn't came up.
Something I don't understand about Republican politics is even when 2 major contenders (Carson &amp; Trump) have no political experience whatsoever they still draw numbers and people love them. Even when they're pulling "facts" out of their asses with little to no evidence or experience it up, they do well in the polls. Regardless of how conservatives feel about Hillary and Bernie, they both have decades of political experience.
What decision making? Every time I hear him asked a question about something, he says he needs to study it.  Or form a panel to look into it.  EEkk!
I don't know who is worse between Carson and Trump. Carson's beliefs are even more outrageous, although he personally seems like a pretty good guy. Donald Trump comes off as a genuinely vile person. 
I'll just leave this here: 
["Intelligent psychopaths make excellent white-collar criminals and "con artists" due to their calm and charismatic natures. ](https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/wicked-deeds/201401/how-tell-sociopath-psychopath)
Photoshop Request: ancient aliens guy with Ben Carson's face, and the caption says GRAINS
Calling sexual behavior changes in prison a "choice" is like saying  muggers collect "donations". 
Could we vote for Kareem instead?
slam dunk muffugga
"Hey you're Kareem Abdul-Jabbar."
Good points by Kareem, but it's also ironic that he's questioning someone else's judgement when Kareem still thinks the Lakers will make the playoffs ;). 
Wow, great article! I love the NBA and had no idea Kareem was such a good writer. 
Roger, roger.
Where's Ja Rule at? We need to ask him . Where ja? 
This is the guy who will turn the "He's no brain surgeon" into a compliment. "
Carson is kooky as shit.
I agree with what he is saying about Dr. Carson, but I wish we as a nation would quit it with the "Black Americans", White Americans, Asian Americans, and Latino Americans and just be Americans. 
What is this guy even about Jesus, is it the idiot vote? Do republicans think Obama got elected because he was black and they went look I found a black guy that will say anything for money....I just don't get the appeal
I think we can agree, Ben Carson is terrible for all Americans...
Here's Carson's latest : "build separate bathrooms for TRANSGENDERS"  rof
 Ben Carson doesn't represent anyone but Ben carson
The problem is that he doesn't have to appeal to most people. He just needs to appeal to Republicans in order to win the ticket. And he wouldn't appeal to a majority of Republicans if he were to embrace opinions they do not favor.
That's what passes as "critical thinking" in the conservative world.
The day I take political advice from Reddit... That'll be the day
Does anyone else find it a little ironic that a professional basketball player who has no political expertise is criticizing a doctor who has no political expertise in a major media publication?
I remember Kareem before he was Kareem.  A thoughtful intelligent man.  


This article is a perfect (but unusually shallow) example.  A rather thinly veiled attack on Cason's qualifications, the REAL message is "real blacks won't vote for Carson".  

How we are evaluated by out peers?  How long until we hear accusations of "Uncle Tom"?   In fact, I think we just heard exactly that.
Every one of these daily attacks should come with the disclaimer: "I'm Bernie Sanders and I approved this message." It's gotten beyond sad.
This was a surprisingly logical and well reasoned read. I didn't expect it but I liked it a lot
When did this subreddit become a Carson bashing?
i wish kareem would run for president

With all due respect, I can't help but feel that the majority of liberal Reddit automatically dismisses Ben Carson for the bible-based beliefs the same way that conservatives dismiss Bernie or Hillary cause they believe they are socialists. 

You can't boil it down to one or two things. Ben's ultimate issue in my opinion is he lacks overall political experience. Especially with the issues we are currently facing. I do believe he could do amazing things for our healthcare, that being his area of expertise, but maybe later on, not right now. 
Wouldn't Carson be bad for ALL Americans given his perceived lack of decision making ability?
Ben Carson is terrible for Americans


FTFY Kareem
Is this Rodger Murdock? 
Ben Carson is terrible for everything. He's an absolute nut case with zero credibility. 
Carson is a textbook example of how you can posses academic titles and still be stupid as fuck. 
Why should we listen to a basketball player about politics?

What he's saying is common sense and should be listened to no matter who the message comes from. 
"But...but hes a Christian.  That makes all of his opinions valid"
-Conservative Voter-
Did anyone call Ja-Rule. I need to know what Ja-Rule thinks!
No need to qualify it, Kareem.  Ben Carson is terrible for *all* Americans.
Let me fix that title: Ben Carson is Terrible for Americans, Earthlings, Aliens and any other being in the universe. 
Kareem has always been cool and informed,even when he was Lew...
For someone whose expertise is brains he sure can't operate one very well.  
hard hitting news brought to you by /r/politics 
He's of course 100% correct with his assessment. 

However...

The average Carson supporter will hear his name and automatically think "Muslim terrorist"...and then ignore his correct assessment. 
/r/Politics front page: 1 TPP post, 1 marijuana post, 1 email post, 1 voting post, 1 wages post, 1 sports post, 1 gerrymander post, 1 Warren post, 1 Hillary post, 5 Bernie Sanders posts, 11 posts bashing Republicans. This is why everyone makes fun of /r/Politics
Republicans don't like a black candidate. Democrats cry racism.

Democrats don't like a black candidate. Democrats cite reason.

[o_O](https://40.media.tumblr.com/0347e48c951b0be0d7cccbccd1b2c4cc/tumblr_inline_nmzd0526i51svdbn5_540.png)
Especially when he's had as much education as Ben Carson. 
L-...LIBERAL BIAS. NOT TRUE. CAN'T BE. NOT FROM FOX NEWS. MUST BE LEFT WING BIAS.
Ya, because Obama has been soooo great for black Americans. 
He bashed Trump as well.  Anyone who is the GOP front runner he will bash.   

I also fail to see why his opinion is more important than anyone on here.  
Since a retired basketball player says it, it must be true! On to the front page!
Because, you know, Kareem Abdul Jabbar is the king of black people and can speak for all of them..  Well this black guy is voting for Carson!
Phew! I Wouldn't know what to without the opinion of a basketball player from 3 decades ago...THIS is on the front page, to boot?  Fuck being liberal or conservative; this is flat out stupid...
Kareem should be listened to.

http://youtu.be/i7AUpGXLDdk
Why is he terrible "for black Americans" though? Why isn't he just terrible in general?
Doesn't matter.  Is black.  Republicans aren't racist.  Therefore Republican criticism of Obama can't be dismissed as racism.

I'm not even being facetious when I say that I think that is the primary purpose of Carson's spotlight. 
Get em Kareem
I think in general we conflate doctor and intelligence. I rent my guest room to a medical student who is through and through a total moron when it comes to thought process or day to day shit. The guy forgets to lock the door almost every day, and that's just the beginning of the list.

Carson is a brilliant surgeon, but being a surgeon is a lot like being a mechanic. You have to understand how physically the thing in front of you works, but don't have to understand how the steam engine started it all. 

I mean, he's batshit crazy... but just because he's a doctor doesn't mean he's smart.  It means he's good at a thing.
A Nation of Islamer ridiculing someone else's scientific beliefs is rather hilarious to me.
Holy fuck. I didn't hear about this:

 &gt;McGraw-Hill textbooks in Texas referred to slaves as “workers” who immigrated to the U.S. rather than were kidnapped.


Filthiness. 
To be fair, he's not just terrible for black americans...he's a terrible human being in general
ITT: Pure gold from Republicans.
And yet he seems sort of sane when compared to the #2 person in the GOP race.

WTF has happened to republicans.
Slam Dunk Kareem slam dunk!
lay off the weed, Lew.
Has anyone asked Ja Rule what he thinks?
TIL that Kareem Abdul-Jabbar writes articles for TIME on a regular basis, he is a good writer and I agree with most of his opinions!
Good job, r/politics, the DNC is really getting its money's worth from your top posters.
This guy is was a basketball player. He isn't qualified to give an opinion on anything but basketball. Why does anyone care what his opinions are on anything?
As a black man, this article makes me sick

This is what happens every single time a Black man does well for himself, other black men try to tear him down.
Crab Barreling will never end it seems.

* People did it to Cosby for suggesting that black families exist and raise their kids better.

* People did it to Sowell for suggesting that personal responisiblity is important.

* People did it to Obama for speaking "like a white man".
Now people are doing it to Carson.

Carson is a world renowned neurosurgeon. Entering the field of neuro-science already requires an incredible amount of intelligence and years of education. But a surgeon too? Carson has already proved himself to be an intelligent and skilled individual and his success is well earned.

Whether or not you believe in any of the religions on earth or place faith in science is an opinion. You are not obligated to believe in any of them, and you are free to believe in all of them (agnostic I believe). To criticize a man because of his personal faith is hate speech. Imagine if this was a Jewish or Islamic man being criticized for their faith and rejection of science...

The idea that a person running for office **must** believe in science is no different than the idea that a person running for office **must** be religious.

What matters is their policies and Carson has plenty to be criticized over in that area. But his faith and spiritual beliefs are off limits!
Kareem, you should run for office. 
I like all of the negative Ben Carson posts. Let's me know who's beating Trump in the polls right now without looking. 
No.  He's terrible for **all** Americans.  Himself included.  Race doesn't have to enter into it and why it does boggles my mind.
Republican response: What does an old basketball player know about politics. Maybe he should stick with reporting on sports.

Democratic response: Why is it so easy for an old basketball player to see this, but everyone else can't?
Why the fuck do I care what Kareem Abdul Jabbar has to say?? 
Wow, A Muslim doesn't want a Christian president........weird
Why is this in r/politics? This is simply the opinion of an all-time great NBA player. Why is his opinion greater than someone elses? Someone explain to me how Kareem Abdul-Jabbar makes a better opinion than my next-door neighbor.
I'm sure this isn't what Kareem meant, but from this headline: so Carson would be okay for white folks? 
thank goodness we have ex-basketball players and hollywood stars to keep us from electing the wrong president!
This subreddit hates celebrity endorsements / opinions...unless it's anti-GOP.  How funny.
Ah yes, let's make it a race issue. 
Can /r/politics just change it's name to /r/liberalatheistcirclejerk already?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=145Y8wG0Q2w
I think he meant [Blackmericans.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=145Y8wG0Q2w)
"Tall man shakes head in disappointment"
Ben Carson seems slow in the head.  And Trump is like a whiney 3rd grader.

They are perfect for people who want to believe myths instead of facts.
...we have to question his sanity.
Wait.

The same Kareem Abdul-Jabbar from this movie?

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ic2k2P_FG0
There aren't many countries where leaders who have extremist/fundamentalist views do *good* things for their people.
You go ohh and ahh when I jump in my car/
People treat me like Kareem Abdul Jabbar
Seems like a reasonable conclusion.
THE SKYHOOK HAS SPOKEN!
For some reason I read this as Ben Affleck. What's so bad about Ben Affleck.
I don't see what this has to do with Black Americans.  Primary tokenism is a longstanding tradition of the modern Republican party.
Um that's actually Rodger Murdock guys. He's an airline pilot. You must have him confused with someone else. 
Know this name only because of FIFA commentator in german.
Nobody wanted to listen to Kareem about his opinion of Django Unchained 
So is any politician who claims to belong to a religion, or any spiritual group. This is why a broad spectrum comment  like this can be applied to any politician. Science, technically speaking, proves all religions false in many undeniable ways.
Ben Carson doesn't have a chance anyway.
So who's the white celebrity equivalent that'll do the same about Trump. It needs to be done. 
Oooooo the West household gonna have some Kareem Beef for dinner tonight!!!
"Get Ja Rule on the phone so I can make sense of this"
If Ben Carson drops out I'll put Cam Newton back on my fantasy roster. 
I know this will be difficult for some to understand, but many of Carson's supporters like him because he is genuinely pious. That may matter little to many, but not to his supporters.

I am not one of his supporters.
I wonder how Kareem would like Ben's new radio ad.

https://soundcloud.com/abcpolitics/ben-carson-radio-ad
I love blanket statements regarding literally every "black American". Thought the consensus was black people just wanted to be called "Americans"...
Is Terrible for Americans

FTFY
People act like they dont know how the Republican party (or any party plays). You pander to your base. He's just telling them what they wanna hear. It's only his side for now he has to worry about for the Republican nomination. When it's the Presidential debate watch how the canindates play fucking moderate because they obviously have to appeal to 2 parties and independents. Who knows what the fuck goes on when he actually gets elected.
...and Carson is the GOP front-runner. I am ashamed to be a conservative these days.
Stop Giving Ben Carson Attention!
But he says what I want to hear, so I like him.
A black man says something nasty about Ben Carson... to the front page we go!!!!
[deleted]
Well if politicians listened to the consensus of economists we'd see an elimination of the corporate tax too.

I don't foresee much consistency on expecting politicians to listen to experts; only decrying politicians people don't like for not doing so.
Carson isn't terrible for blacks, he's terrible for Christians
im no historian but aren't unsafe,back alley, DIY abortions part of the reason we have clinics in the first place. What idiots didn't see this coming. 
The worst part about this is that nobody could have possibly seen this coming.  I mean, who could have foreseen this?  Nobody, that's who.  Certainly not literally fucking everyone with a reasonable thought in their head.  God dammit. 
I guess, pretty soon, the only way to have a legal abortion in Texas is to have an accidental discharge of a firearm.
So let me get this straight...the conservatives don't want to pay for programs that help and educate men and women about safe sex and instead just want to make abortion illegal. In doing so, you have situations like in this post where women are getting pregnant and harming themselves by inducing abortions...

Do they think that making abortion illegal is going to magically stop men and women from having sex? They're human, of course they're going to continue to do what's natural to them. You can't stop that but you can educate and help them. Then you might not have so many distraught women harming themselves through some crude process.
"West Texas’s Midland County, home to 151,000 people, is now 258 miles from the nearest abortion clinic, or about an nine-hour round-trip drive."

A couple of thoughts. 

One, abortion is constructively illegal for the poor in some areas of Texas.

The rich fly to Europe, go to a museum, get an abortion, lie on the beach, then come back and tell their friends what a swell "me" trip they had.

Two, we're never going to get accurate figures on the number of attempted abortions because of the shame factor.

And we're not going to know how many women die "from complications arising from self-induced abortions" because the families will beg the doctors to not put those words on the death certificates.

A lot of the really important facts and figures - and the important personal stories - aren't going to be available in magazine articles.
Why can't we just make birth control cheaper and easier to have access to? Less unwanted pregnancies = less abortions. Doesn't everybody get what they want?
I'm philosophically pro-life, but this is a good reminder of why I'm legally pro-choice.  With what Texas is doing and what other conservative states probably wish they were doing too, the abortions are still going to happen anyway, and now even more people will get hurt because they're reduced to doing it themselves.

Keep it legal, keep it accessible, but ramp up safe sex education, provide more contraception and make it easily available, and if you're pro-life (and not for the batshit crazy reason of hating sex or hating women or thinking birth control is a "sin", but rather because you find the termination of the fetus objectionable because you see it as something worth preserving), then educate people on why you believe so and hope they can decide for themselves that you're right.

This is something that won't be solved by force.  The best a pro-lifer can hope for is that they make their honest, logical case for their POV on abortions and then hopefully more women agree with the argument and then CHOOSE not to abort.

As I believe Bill Clinton once put it, Safe, Legal, and RARE!  I hope for a day when the only abortions done are for health safety reasons and the like, but in the meantime reality is what it is, and you CAN NOT force your beliefs on people; you just can't, it won't work. 
Republicans are so stupid they don't even realise that Planned Parenthood does more to reduce abortions than "pro-life" groups do any day of the week.
Back alleys and coat hangers, illegal abortions. Young women bleeding to death, ending up infertile. That's what happens when you close women's health clinics.  It's hard to believe that even the most devoutly religious anti-choice people don't have even the faintest inkling that desperate people will do desperate things if they have no other options.
welcome to 1968.
I'm 59 years old and never, ever in my life did I ever expect to see the United States run so far backward at such blinding speed. I feel like I'm in a time wrinkle and maybe tomorrow, I won't be permitted to vote or buy a house or wear trousers or whatthefuckever because I was born with ovaries. 

To say I'm disgusted or sad or disheartened or bewildered or terrified would be a vast, vast understatement. I don't think I'm capable of articulating everything I feel. This is tragic beyond measure. Sickeningly tragic - because there's absolutely no reason for this to have happened. 

Women will die in this country in the 21st century because of RELIGIOUS BELIEFS. It's unconscionable and indefensible. Savages. 
let me see if I understand this correctly....the GOP wants to ban all abortions, but then, when children are born into poverty - they don't want to help them....did I miss anything?
But... but... Texas rammed through all of those clinic-targeting laws to "protect women!"
I caught a lot of heat from some socially conservative friends the other day when I said that outlawing abortion is not the way to stop abortions. I don't like abortion and I do consider it murder but making it illegal will just result in illegal abortions. If you want to decrease the number of abortions, give women access to the resources they need. No woman should ever feel like having an abortion is her only option. If she needs child care, help paying for health care, food benefits, a wet nurse, or whatever, she should be given access to the resources she needs. I like that the church I go to will help with rent, utilities, food, diapers, formula, and things like that but it either needs to be a government program or a widespread, organized, concerted effort to ensure that no woman feels helpless. If, after that, she still chooses to have an abortion, at least you know you did everything you could to help. Also, a man who doesn't take responsibility for his child is a piece of shit.
It's sad that, in my forties, I'm still seeing the same arguments trotted out by the anti-choice types that I saw in my teens. The facts remain stubbornly unchanged, and won't change:

1. Women will get abortions one way or another if they decide to do so.
1. Outlawing (or restricting access through other means) will not stop it. 
1. Back-alley abortions will result in dead women.
1. The only thing that reduces abortion is birth control, education (sex and otherwise, other than "abstinence-only" which is a farce), and real hope for the future...economic and social and everything. 

None of this has changed, at any point. "Safe, legal, and rare" was Bill Clinton's stance and it remains the best one. We all know this. 
Making something illegal doesn't eliminate it, it just drives it underground

The anti-choice people need to realize that the ONLY effective way to reduce abortion is by free, widely available contraception and education
In other news:  Mexico plans building a wall to keep out Texans.

Well played, Trump.  Well played.
We don't have to fear it.  We have actual empirical proof.  It is called "History."  We have done this shit before.
THIS. This is the entire reason behind abortions being legal. THIS used to happen all the time before abortions were legal. 


By destroying women's healthcare programs, the religious right quadrupled the maternal death rate. More than 80 clinics were forced to close, that only provided well woman care and contraceptives. 

Fifteen counties rival third world countries. 

Thanks to denying women healthcare, over contraceptives, women and infants are dying. The US is the only industrialized nation in the entire world that doesn't have comprehensive healthcare, and the only one that has an increasing maternal death rate. 
And history repeats itself again, and will continue to if we let these extremist republicans continue on in our government.
Passing legislation to intentionally shut down clinics that provide abortions will do nothing but increase the death rate among pregnant women. Pro-lifers aren't interested in life they're interested in controlling women.
Republicans are the murderers here.  They're ideological radicals.  They support a warmongering theocracy.  They ignore science behind climate change.

Who are the most dangerous people for Earth?  The Republicans running for president.  No terrorist act to date could compete with the body count they will inflict through religiously fueled war, and sheer ignorance through climate change denial.

Want to kill Americans?  Vote Republican.
When there is a demand for a product or service in a marketplace, and you make that product or service illegal, all you do is drive the price up and make people who provide that service and pay that price, criminals.  That's it.

There will always be a demand for abortions just like there will always be a demand for marijuana.  

Prohibition doesn't work no matter how morally superior your think you're being when you create a law.
Just goes to show. Conservatives aren't pro-life. They're just pro-wire-hanger.
This is the ultimate goal of the anti-choice bunch: the death of pregnant women from self-induced abortions. They'll make all sorts of pious noises but in their hearts they will be gloating. Make no mistake.
For a really depressing time, I highly recommend reading the comments section.

It takes approximately two comments before you find the "well she shoulda kept her legs closed" comment. Then, about every other comment is of that ilk.
I know womenonweb services only countries where abortion is illegal, but what are the chances the organization will begin to make an exception for the US? 

Sure it's technically "legal" here, but it's becoming less and less available to women in these states. It would be nice to have a safe alternative for women who cant afford to travel out of state. 
ITT: A lot of people who haven't lived in or visited Texas and may not realize just how **huge** it really is. Driving from Amarillo to Dallas/Ft. Worth (closest clinics in Texas) is 6-7 hours *one way*. Add in the mandatory wait time and expenses, and it becomes impractical to the extreme. I posted this earlier to give some clarity. [Texas Comparison Map](http://rhrealitycheck.wpengine.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/texas-overlay-southwest-us.png)
this is why i keep saying, "It's not the government's job to impose the morality of abortions, it's job is to provide safe places for that procedure for those who wish or need to."  Despite how i personally feel about it.
That's like some 3rd-world shit right there. 
1. Invest in coat-hangers.
2. Vote Republican.
3. Profit.
Kind of ironic considering women's safety was one of the big reasons given for these new restrictions, and these kinds of back alley abortions are actually very unsafe.

Of course I am sure that the people pushing these new restrictions don't actually care about women's safety.
Texas woman here. My roommates, my friends, a lot of girls in my college town that I have spoken with have looked this up. We searched around the same time for a very emergency plan Z. We do everything in combination to protect ourselves BECAUSE WE WORK HARD TO NOT HAVE KIDS. I won't stop having sex with my long-term boyfriend when it is an instinct but policy is not. Policy has done so little in regards to my school life, I pay a lot with private  scholarships I have earned because school is a whole other, more important issue. 

But no..
Instead they play with our minds. A friend of mine went to the only clinic left in our town because our PP got shut down, religiously-affiliated, of coudrse, for a pregnancy test. They come back to give her results and hand her a pamphlet that says, "Congratulations on your little miracle!" Bullshit. She finds out from the results the woman hands in the pamphlet she isn't pregnant. The pamphlet was just to scare. Fuck clinics that pressure. Our clinic used to  give abortions and now the nearest place is ~90 miles away. 

It's just sad. Some common sense would tell you not teaching proper sex end will maybe lead to some confusion and mistakes in college. But THAT'S THEIR FAULT! They wash their hands of it and blame the victims of misinformation or dirty policy. There are far bigger issues than what each individual enjoys. I'm sure these policy makers and their wives, girlfriends, and mistresses would all agree if they had less power and more problems that they had no idea they had. 

Accidents happen, even to the most careful of people. It's not an easy decision, but sometimes, it's the right one. I don't know if I ever could, but if the situation arose, as careful as I am, I would like al of the options. I don't know each situation, and neither do they. It's infuriating.

TL;DR - Looked it up because if it has to be done, I need the option. I know it's dangerous, but old men don't control my van.
Yep, make sure you close the abortion clinics, keep people poor, don't give them realistic sex ed and limit their access to contreceptives.  That'll fix the abortion problem. /s
We're going back to the bad old days. 

It's been known for ages that making abortions illegal or unavailable does not actually reduce their number, it merely increases the amount of women dying from botched home procedures. 

Yet the GOP insists on their policies on ideological grounds. The fact that they don't let reality have any sort of influence on how they think should be a massive red flag to everyone. 
I can't believe this can still be an issue in 2015. When will people understand that sometimes you have to accept the lesser bad.
Yeah, no shit. Roe v Wade was just as much of a result of coat hangers in alleys as it was women's rights. 
Wow, nobody could've seen this coming.
/s
Are there any Republican polices that actually work for anyone other than the rich?

This isn't a flippant question. I am actually wondering if anyone has some solid examples of recent Republican policies where someone doesn't get fucked over in a serious way.
This kind of news make me thank my lucky stars I live in NY. I wish I could help these women. 
The fact that the national average for distance from an abortion provider is 59 miles is horrific to me. It's a fucking travesty. Abortions are a legal medical procedure. We need to stop treating them like some deep dark secret. They should be done at any hospital you can find.
Quit putting the "lives" of unborn fetuses above the ACTUAL lives of women. It's that freaking simple people.
Well color me shocked. Who'd have known the exact reason for safe abortion clinics to begin with would rear it's head again once you shut down said clinics? Certainly not fucking Texas.
Yes, we saw this before 1973 when abortion was illegal.  As we continue the war on women's health we will see more of this.
As a Texan, please let Obama's last executive order be to fire every politician from Texas
This is some 1950s shit......oh wait..that was their plan the whole time...
I am simultaneously outraged and depressed by this; what can I do to help?
Gonna start seeing back alley abortionists on Craig's list at this rate
As if this is something not expected. We will go back to a time of back alley arbothions and women dying on tables. 
When your physical well being is determined by walking dinosaurs holding crucifixes, you get the American Healthcare system.
Just on another article I was reading that a woman gave birth in the car on the way to the clinic.

As someone from SE Asia, where even the poorest are medically covered for basic healthcare like this, this and DIY abortions are astounding to me. It makes you really wonder what is going on in a country supposedly the most advanced in the world, where people are getting life altering medical procedures in the back of their cars or the in their own bathrooms.

Please America fix your medical system. It's a shame.
This is something I am always on about. There is not one person who can say that abortion is a good thing, but women will who don't want their fetus to become a child will find a way to get rid of it, legal or not. We might as well make them legal and safe for all women, and work to reduce the number of unwanted pregnancies. This means 1) lowering the cost of access to contraceptives, 2) educating men and women from an early age about sex and contraception, 3) requiring any facility with knowledgeable healthcare workers and sufficient equipment to perform abortions, and 4) reforming conformed consent laws as to not mislead women getting abortions.
&gt;Other reported methods included “herbs or homeopathic remedies, getting hit or **punched in the abdomen**, using alcohol or illicit drugs, or taking hormonal pills.”

This literally made me sick. I so hate the GOP with the fire of a million suns.
We are falling back into dark ages type of thinking and action. It is and will happen. Regardless of what you think. Downvote me all you want. Internet will be brought under control. Medical treatment will become unavailable. Your rights??  You will have none. It's what you wanted. You voted for it. You yelled at that homeless man. This is the America you want. Cry for our present. And remember the past. 
Duh?  

How many women made the choice to get an abortion, found out the closest clinic was 300 miles away, and said "meh, in that case I'll just go through with the pregnancy"?
You mean that thing that everyone knows happens when women don't have legal access to abortions?

It's frankly kind of frightening that there are people out there who don't understand this.
In other news.....the sky is fucking blue. 
NO SHIT. I'm pro choice, but even if I wasn't I would rather one human die through abortion than two people die due to complications from at-home abortions or sketchy ones done on the black market. 
Am Texan. The voters here will not care, at least not enough of them to change it. I hate it, but realistically that's the truth. The Republicans have found their way around Roe vs Wade. 
enjoy the exponential growth in crime in 15 years
The worst part is that "pro-life" folk will likely consider this a good thing, since they aren't so much about protecting any actual life; instead they care more about punishing women.
I don't like abortions (with exceptions) but this is one of the reasons I would rather they be legal 
I marched during the early 70's for women's rights to safe abortions. Women quit giving a shit and they didn't turn out to vote, they didn't march in the streets when the GOP started shutting down clinics and they don't picket their politicians.  Maybe the next generation will get off their ass. Until then, good luck.
Welcome to 1950.
It's almost like this is the *exact* reason that abortion law was introduced in the first fucking place.
You can try and take away their guns but they'll always find a way to get them. Oh, wrong subject...
How about we try to stop electing willfully-ignorant bigots, mmkay?
It's funny how women in countries like India and China are getting empowered and American women are being left at the mercy of bible thumping politicians. 
Fuck Republicans.
Disgusting that this "workaround" is even legal.  If the state allows abortion, it's insane to place a bunch of arbitrary restrictions in order to make it near impossible to get one.  
1950's here we come, right back where we started from.  FUCK.
Pro-Life doesn't prevent abortions, and never did or could--it only prevents medically competent abortions.  This is a parallel to the previous attempt by religious fanatics to impose prohibition as the work of God, it didn't stop booze consumption, just legal booze consumption and as a side effect built the basis for organized we have today.  Moral and religious standards cannot be legislated into existence.  Maybe they should copy a rabbi who lived about 2000 years ago who preached forgiveness, love and peace, but never once tried to have his views enforced by state or religious leaders.  And his ideas have held up pretty well, even if some who say they are his followers missed the part about no state or religious authority to enforce.  
Any politician who does not care to provide for their constituency of women who need reproductive services should have a door slammed in their faces for half an hour every day until they signed the policy.

It's 20 fucking 15, the US should proceed beyond the banana republic way of doing things this way. It's shameful.
 - Rule #1: People's own desires drive their demand for a product or service. This desire can be shaped or stunted by culture, norms, and law, but only to a degree.

 - Rule #2: If there is a demand for a product or service, and the demand is not met via legal means/markets, it shall be met via illegal means/markets.

Basically, by getting rid of planned parenthood and outlawing abortions, it simply means that we are shifting the demand for the service to another supply market.

IMO, ideas and philosophies are very much akin to a form of life. An idea is to humans as humans are to the bacteria in their gut. Highly influenced by, and existing as a result of. And much like our good friend Dr. Ian Malcolm once said, "Life *always* finds a way." If this is true, desire and demand are no different, and they (or rather, the party who has said "desire") will always find a way. With the protection (or condemnation) of the law or not.
Personally I am all for bringing back the DIY market to abortion. Maybe the price in human lives and suffering that will be paid for their arrogance in pushing out legal providers will in our digital age finally get through to the goran social conservatives that the reason to have legal abortions is not because everyone wants them to happen, but rather they are going to happen whether they are legal or not so having them legal and easily obtained at a safe provider is in the best interest of women's health and safety.
I'm a Republican and this is one of the reasons I don't support banning abortion outright. The problem is not abortion; the problem is unwanted pregnancy. And there is no way you will prevent women from attempting to cause a miscarriage if they are desperate enough.
Do you think a Republican President would repeal a womens rights to choose?   Nothing would stop them, because they would then control all three branches of govt. They have all sworn to make this a Christian nation. 
Pro "life"
A right without the means = no right at all.  Dirty politicians playing with people's lives deserve a special hell. 
This is how Jesus would want it.  
As of late, sheerly out of my own morbid curiosity, I've been listening to AM radio, and I gotta say it's where I get my backwards, racist, hate-filled ammo to throw at highly conservaive friends. A couple weeks ago Governor Abbot came on the air of one show to talk about how he fights for Texan's rights, and not twenty minutes later the guy who interviewed Abbot is going on about how Obama is a neo-Maoist and is telling his negro daughters to support the uprising. Can't make this shit up if I tried.
Exactly, you backward bigoted fools, this is what happens.
Everyone should watch the film *When Abortions Were Illegal*.
Back alley abortions.  Just like the bad old days.
It's like we've lost a century of progress
Wait a tick....are you trying to tell me that prohibition doesn't work?
Wait till you start finding babies in dumpsters again.
Abortion and access to birth control are political issues covered over with a religious blanket. Having a child youre not ready for, for the scared, uneducated and/or impoverished keeps them scared, uneducated and impoverished.  And can do so for generations. 
While I personally have some qualms about abortion I sure as shit don't think reducing access is productive. If you want lower abortion rates then we need to increase access to contraception and institute comprehensive sex ed. 
SURPRISE!!!!
The argument: With abstinence only, there would be no need for abortions. Perfect, huh? 
I imagine many conservatives feel that the injuries and trauma resulting from a self induced abortion are 'justified' for attempting to kill your baby in the first place. Honestly, I don't see this news affecting their view points much at all. 
Poverty Makes people more religiously extreme. You dont want these people running your country you need to grow the middle class back.
we should be happy we have a more liberal Supreme Court right now, they will rule against Texas and make them reopen the clinics and make it easier. 
This is stupid. And I am PISSED.
I learned a quaint little abortion technique on Pintrist, great for this holiday season.
My mother was a labor and delivery nurse for 50 years and she warned me this is what would happen when we restrict abortion.  
well how else are the republicans and bible bashers going to win their war against women?
Welcome to life pre-Roe v. Wade.
No shit?
Don't worry, I'm sure all the Pro-LIFE people are really worried about the well being of these women and will make sure they get the health care they need!
America, as an Australian. Wtf
The worst part of this is that the fundamentalists won't see anything wrong with this. They will set it as "well, that's what you get" or some other nonsense. 

Source:used to have a fundamentalist faith and can remember thinking and saying that basic idea several times. 
It's fucking terrifying only having ONE clinic in my city that can do abortions now (though apparently 2 more are attempting to get up and running?), to the point where I straight up am beginning to consider simply never having sex until I move the fuck out of this horrible state. Birth control out the wazoo won't even make me feel safe when I know that if something happens I run the risk of our last clinic being gone or staffed with stupid fucks who'll badger and guilt trip to try and wear me down. I had a friend almost change her mind about her abortion from a cunt like that at the doctor's office because she was made to feel like a monster for not wanting something she couldn't take care of properly. No dick zone initiated I guess.

I can't imagine how awful it has to feel to all those living in places where the nearest abortion clinic is hundreds of miles away. Women are going to fucking die because of this shit, be it from self-induced abortions or some sort of pregnancy related accident/sickness. And if they aren't dead from an unwanted child they're going to be saddled with something they can't afford that glorious Texas welfare won't bother to support properly. 

I would advise literally all women and men with a female SO to know your options *right now* and be aware of any and all potential assistance available to you in the event you find yourself needing an abortion in the future (or now).
I always wonder why would a woman ever vote for Republicans. Why ?
No shit. El Salvador is a brilliant case study in this as well. It's not even a "logical extension" sort of prediction; this has historically happened any where/any time abortion is outlawed.

I was a waffley pro-choicer until I learned that "coat hanger abortion" was not a figure of speech. Now I am staunchly pro choice, in all circumstances, for fucking ever.
I checked on the Whole Woman's Health v Cole (arguing that the current laws create an undue burden) and it says as on Nov 13, 2015 "Petition GRANTED". I want to know what that means! Does that only mean Supreme Court is going to look at the case?? Or does that mean Woman's Health made a good case and the laws should be changing soon?
I hope the supreme court will stop the madness.  
Well, yeah. What the fuck did you think was going to happen?
Gotta love vintage abortions. I wonder how they do it now that knitting isn't as popular?
The solution?  Every right-wing Texan politician's daughter attempts a DIY abortion and dies.
I'd much rather a woman get an abortion than them having a kid they never wanted…that's just setting the stage for child abuse to occur and there's far too much of that happening in the US.  
Removing the supply does not remove the need for the service. 
DIY Pregnancy is a thing?

Warning, the ehow.com page didn't have a NSFW tag
Did we learn nothing from the cider horse rules?
So, so shocking.  It's almost like this was predicted.
horribly ironic when you think about it, because you know texas is one of the main "fronts" for Christianity, or so it boasts
"Researchers fear DIY pregnancy terminations will become more widespread if clinics continue shutting down"

I'm going to guess that others, other than researchers, are scared for-their-life shitless at the prospect of a home termination.
 Shit like this is the result of emotional arguments instead of science and dare I say common sense?
But where will we hang our coats?
Women have been facing this issue for the entirety of humanity, do you really think lawlessness is going to keep them from trying to control when they get pregnant? I don't think so, it's a plot to control women and poor people fucking republican hypocrites. 
Yeh, but how is the abstinence thing going? Has anyone check in to see if it's working?
I'm late to the party but holy fuck is this stupid. When are people going to realize that "outlawing" an object never works. It leads to a dangerous, unregulated black market.  Make it legal, regulate it and tax that shit you dumb fucks. 
Prohibition, drugs, guns in Chicago, now plan b in Texas 
Well no shit...
We really need a graynet. The darknet is too hard to access for a lot of people. But there is no reason why there can't be an uber for abortions. I'd rather an alleyway docter with 5 reviews than 0 reviews right?
What barbarians

"I've helped shut down abortion clinics, I stand out side of them all day! And constantly outbid them" -AJ
I can't DUH hard enough.
Hello

Main reason Roe v Wade happened. 
This was a major problem in the first 3/4 of the 20th century. Now Texas is already regressing. I guess Texans are suckers for good 'ole nostalgia 
Well, at least Jesus is happy.
Prohibition not working? Well color me shocked.
Big dumb Texas, along with the entire south, basically all republicans
As a Texan, what the fuck man. We have such a great state with such backwards thinking.
This is stupid. This isn't news, it's a wake up call. Even with abortion clinics, people do crap like this all the time. Do you know how common it is for a woman to avoid an abortion clinic because of her age, family, etc. and instead try to deal with it herself? Ridiculous things like attempting to drink way too much, or purposefully engaging in extremely rough sex, a fight, or something else that'll cause enough harm to her body to somehow cause a natural abortion.

Does it sound stupid? Yes sir it does. And that's what the whole got damn point of abortion clinics are: to offer a safe alternative. 
DIY abortions? Does Pinterest have no limits?
These are the Republicans our mothers warned us about.
Among the list of methods in the article are "homeopathic remedies."

Those poor women, our education system failed them twice.
&gt;Between 100,000 and 240,000 Texas women between the ages of 18 and 49 have tried to end a pregnancy by themselves, according to a pair of surveys 

Is this not a red flag to anyone else here? The numbers they produce have a mean of 170,000 with a margin of error of ±59%

&gt;The figure was found by asking an online, representative sample of 779 women whether they themselves or whether their best friends had **ever** tried to self-induce an abortion. Of the Texas women surveyed, 1.7 percent said they had performed an abortion on themselves, but 4.1 percent of them said their best friend had **or they suspected she had.**

Assuming that 779 internet respondents are representative of over 5.5 million women between 18-49, what were the rates of self-induced abortions before the state law was passed? Well, according to this very survey, " In our survey of women seeking abortions in Texas in 2012 (n=318), **7% of women reported having attempted to self-induce abortion** for their current pregnancy."

So wait, in 2012 before the Republican bill was passed 7% had attempted a self-induced abortion before seeking a clinic. But now that number is down to 1.7%, and at worst 4.1%? So in 2012, up to 385,000 women had ever attempted a self-induced abortion, but now that number is decreased by 38% and that's a bad thing?
Jesus christ these people just don't get it do they...
Republicans, mental midgets that are pro-birth, not pro-life.
If you outlaw abortions, only criminals will have abortions.
Golly. You mean making something illegal doesn't stop people from doing it?
What horseshit. This is made-up alarmist nonsense. 

Does anyone actually believe this is honest journalistic reporting? It's impossible to ignore the amazing coincidence with the Supreme Court taking up the very Texas state law that is purportedly the cause for these self-induced abortions. 

Is The Atlantic Monthly taking submissions from PR firms now?
It's ok, I'm sure they'll pass another law that prevents this kind of thing, plus amendments for future "loopholes". /s
Yeah, no shit. Doesn't take a genius to predict that, but I guess there are lots of idiots out there :(
Fuckin duh
I'm filing this under the tab 'No Duh'.
This exact situation came up in Roe v Wade and planned parenthood v Casey 
ugh.
Headline makes me very sad.
Must be an election year
"undue hardship".... does this qualify ? 
I think it's happening, but am online survey. Really?
Does this mean that making laws against something won't stop people from doing it? (Drug war, prohibition, immigration, etc)
Sad. Just sad.
Freedom isn't free.  No, there's a hefty fuckin' fee

Way to go, Texas
Duh.
History is a funny thing.
Aren't situations like these where the lunacy of the possiblity of criminal charges being brought for miscarriages could come into play?
My sincere apologies for this, but [Jiz](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xAK108u2xAs) would be proud. (NSFW language) 
This is so incredibly misrepresented in terms of Texan population to surveyers I can't sleep knowing 6,000 people were so powerfully mislead by their political beliefs.
Well, of course! In other news, water is wet.
The people are always going to get what they want one way or another. Either they'll do it themselves, or do it illegally, or a black market will spring up for it... **cough**guns**cough**drugwar**cough**sorrymexico**cough**
Water is wet
Pro-lifers: a fertilized egg is considered a human being and should be afforded basic human rights. After it leaves the womb, it's on it's own.
Removing Texans from the gene pool is a positive thing no matter the process 
wait you guys are really putting *this* much stock in an online poll?
The People responsible for this atrocity should be held personally liable to every poor woman forced to do this
jesus christ texas do you not care about your womens right to choose? wtf is wrong with you?
They need to legalized gay abortions already. Its old news. 
The study has a pretty broad definition of what it means to induce an abortion:

Abortion self-induction was described in the survey as follows: 

&gt; “Women make different choices about how to end an unwanted pregnancy. Some women may go to a hospital, clinic, or doctor’s office to have an abortion. Other women may do something to try to end a pregnancy without medical assistance. For example, they may get information from the internet, a friend, or family member about pills, medicine, or herbs they can take on their own, or they may do something else to try to end the pregnancy.”

https://utexas.app.box.com/KOESelfInductionResearchBrief

I am not a fan of what Texas is doing, but this study seems to cast a very wide net to prove its point.  It seems dishonest to me.  I will read more.  If anyone sees my comment and I am wrong, please comment.
Texas gets what Texas asks for
So my first question seeing the headline is, is the number increasing or decreasing compared to the past?  After clicking the link and reading the article; an online survey, are you fucking kidding me?
What the fuck who would do this
That's bad. How do we make birth control management more effective? 
Republican here.  Glad to see these women pulling themselves up by their own bootstraps for once.
"The figure was found by asking an online, representative sample of 779 women whether they themselves or **whether their best friends** had ever tried to self-induce an abortion."


It seems to me that including "friends" really screws up the data. How do you factor friends into the equation?
I respect women's rights but I'm curious if it is so important to have these clinics why aren't they placed in affluent communities?? They are wedding us out.. WAKE UP!
The title of the article is really misleading and inflammatory. It makes it sound like the only way to procure and abortion in Texas is to take a trip down a flight of stairs. The article clearly states that most women living in Texas in this situation are procuring Misoprostol, a prescription abortifacient, sothey are under a doctor's supervision when this is going down. 
Fear monger much? 
So, you can kill the child-who has no guilt or choice in the matter, but for the woman to choose to A. Have unprotected sex B. Get pregnant and C. Try to kill the child... *SHE'S* the one we should feel sorry for? Nope. Sorry. She made her choices and I say she can live with them.
Today on the DIY network...
DIY Request: Self-Abortions 
**DEAR REDDIT MILLENNIALS - YOU NOD, YOU LIKE, YOU CLICK, YOU SHARE - BUT WILL YOU FUCKING VOTE? Please, for the love of Job, participate in the process. You're my only hope.** 

Edit: Reddit American* Millennials 
I can't believe he's in the minority as far as political opinions are concerned... 
I just wish he would say in plain English (as he's good at) that almost every aspect of corporate society enjoys Government tit except the citizens that support it. Pharma, Food, Military, Banking, Media, Education, you name it. It's feeding at the trough. Cut all subsidies and you'll have a true capitalist society. We have nothing like that. 
It's really interesting how a group of people have turned socialist into a slur that somehow conjures images of the worst of communism. 
The way he puts it is not even real hard core socialism 
Can we concentrate on what the man said and what his ideas are instead of focusing on what he's calling it? Just fucking listen to what he says. People bitch and complain about the government not giving a shit about the people and the second there is someone who is talking that gives a fuck about the people no one wants to listen. Sanders hasn't given us a reason to be cynical about him, so quit acting like he has.
The issue is that the word "fair" means different things to different people. 
Ive voted republican in the 3 elections Ive been able to vote in. And right now Im still undecided for the next one other than I can guarantee I wont be voting for Hillary or Jeb, the 2 people who most exemplify who and where we are in this election. Im convinced they are poison and would maintain the staus quo.

I listen to Bernie talk and I think he might be a little crazy, whatever that means, and he may be a little too radical for my Midwestern mostly Conservative values. All Ive heard is him talking, but now Im starting to listen. 

I know your not reading this Bernie, but if you (or some of your people) are know that you have my ear and Im starting to actually hear what your saying. Keep up what your doing, the people need someone like you in their corner.

Keep talking Bernie, were starting to hear you out here.
So he's not a socialist then. Sounds pretty moderate. I don't know any politician that would disagree with the point on the middle class. What I don't trust are the electorate to not go over board and start having a discussion on who should own the means of production. 
With union membership at all time lows in the USA its no coincidence corps have record cash levels. Yet the workers get scraps. the time is ripe to revive labor movements in this country. Hope Bernie grabs it 
Bernie is a man of the people!
So... He's not a socialist? 
Wait, what's wrong with socialism again?
[deleted]
I'm a conservative and I agree with the premise of what he's saying. I just disagree with how we get to that point. I really don't hate this guy. I actually hate Hillary and consider her a horrid human being. I don't mind Bernie as much. 
You're right, I don't think the government should own the means of production.

The workers should.
I was there! It was great, but my friend who was in the second row said he sprays like the sea 
I've been saying all along that Bernie isn't a socialist. The whole ownership of means of production thing is key. It's also why the right-wingers who obsessively call anything liberal 'socialist' are showing they don't know what socialism is. 
ITT: Redditor's fighting over labels instead of analyzing each of his proposed policies.
We quit being a capitalist country when corporations  became to fucking big to fail!
Can an American explain to me why being a socialist is a bad thing? I can not comprehend the mental gymnastics you have to pull to translate that as a bad thing. 
I'll be voting for Sanders, and he's obviously correct in his self-assessment, but...

Why the hell did you have to call yourself a Democratic Socialist? That word "socialist" is like catnip to many Americans. It doesn't matter that Democratic Socialism is vastly different than traditional socialism. As soon as that word is associated with your name it will repel millions of voters. You are unnecessarily stacking the deck against yourself.
He seems like one of those people that took so much heat for 'being a socialist' that he turned around and thought, you know what? Sure. Why fight it, I'll embrace it. I'm a democratic socialist. There is no other running candidate like him and he knew he had to caucus with the democrats in order to ensure that he wasn't a spoiler candidate but a legitimate one. Anyone that I've been able to get to listen to a few of his speeches is on board. If nothing else, vote for him to rid this country of corrupt campaign financing and such polarized politics we have today. No one has their own ideas anymore. Youre either left or right and there is no in between.
All I ask of anyone is, hey do some research on who you're voting for and where their money comes from. Watch one Sanders speech such as this one today. If you still aren't convinced then that's ok. But in my view not voting is better than casting an uneducated vote for someone that does NOT represent you! People die everyday so we can spend our nights safely in our own homes. We owe it to our soldiers and veterans to cast an educated vote.
Good grief, this label debate is silly. Look, there's people right now calling themselves "Christians" that sure don't seem to follow the teachings of Christ. There's radical "Muslims" that are giving an entire culture of people such a bad name that said "Christians" won't let them in the country. People can identify as whatever term or classification they feel represents them, based on their personal understanding and belief of that term. Everyone can argue all day over dictionary definitions, historical comparisons, etymology, etc... or we can actually listen to what the man says about issues a lot more pressing than labels. Call me crazy, but a corrupt political system / government (who are using this "Socialism as a slur" tactic) strikes me as a slightly weightier issue.
I work @ GU, this was an amazing experience today. I held back tears throughout the whole 1:30 min speech. Powerful. Dear god, Millenials, please vote &amp; support. like he asked us to do at the end of his Q&amp;A today
People think socialism is communism? Uneducated fucks
This is the kind of candidate that makes me wish I could vote in the US! 
I'm voting Sanders or Trump. Either one will wreck the status quo, and that is what we need.
See, he talks a lot about being a Democratic Socialist, but I think a traditional capitalist would agree with many of his common sense policies.

No capitalist would defend the huge government handouts to mega-corporations, or legal protections for companies "Too Big to Fail," or really any of the crony crapitalism ruining the economy.
maybe even a new deal?
I'm not a socialist, but I believe that the civil governance is a good thing and ought to expand or contract appropriately its duties and quality of service as new challenges and issues face society to keep it healthy and on its toes. Politicizing this as "socialism vs capitalism" is just nonsense to me, and I wish triumphalist hipsters and conspiratorial loners alike would stop framing it this way for all of us.
Your hedge fund owned media will JFK this man's character if he gets any traction
It was so important to turn the debate from a defensive stance to a matter of fact conversation of sound policy. A defensive stance shows weakness, it shows a lack of confidence in the the fundamentals of the positions. Putting his viewpoints in a historical context not only gives them credibility it also told a story as to why the mainstream cultural economic views are as they are. Decades of common economic thought is being questioned and Bernie is putting supply side on the defensive.
When can I vote in Texas?
But how is he still trailing *her*? Or is that all lies and exaggerations by the news corps to make the on-the-fencers place their bets on another Clinton presidency? One of my few liberal friends here down south has that attitude and it bugs the hell out of me. "I love what Bernie had to say but you know Hillary's got the ticket." No, man! You gotta stop putting that energy out there. We don't need that shit and defeat is not flattering on anyone so stick to your guns until the ship goes down.
Well holy shit.... Rand Paul fan here... My ears are now fully perked.
Okay Bernie we get it, you are not a socialist. But on the other hand, thank you for being the only social democrat in the US.
hell yea mr. sanders! 
Bernie could be the best silver tongued devil in politics or he's telling the truth. As much as I like what he says, I'm willing to bet everything I have that he won't be the next president. Simply because he isn't pandering to the corporations. And i think the mega corps choose the next president. 

They want someone that will oil their machine, bring them boatloads of money, and pass bills that will make them richer.

The president is the puppet of corporate America. Tech and weapons companies are pulling the strings. 

I remember hearing so many stories during desert storm that vehicles were commanded to be deserted if they had a flat tire or needed an oil change. The government military complex was helping haliburten (sp) make tons of profits with the tax payers paying the bills. 
To the surprise of no one on Reddit, CNN has absolutely buried any coverage of the Georgetown speech from which this quote was taken. 
So he isn't a socalist. It is as simple as that. 
Look up Teddy Roosevelt's Square Deal. Sounds like we got a revival of the Bull Moose Party folks. 

Edit: Thought I'd give y'all a link: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Square_Deal
I feel the Bern more and more each day.
Sadly this doesn't work... in order for this to work, people need to actually listen to you, you can talk very clearly for hours and they will say they are listening, but they are just waiting for you to end and just blindly rant because of a word..."socialism"
"Social democracy." It's less scary, it's more accurate to his ideas, and it would force his opponents to present themselves as enemies of democracy (which they are) rather than socialism.  Despite the far right's ludicrous attempts to paint democracy as something to be hated, saying things like "democracy is two wolves and a lamb" bullshit, the American people still seem to like democracy just fine.  Odd that.
Ignorance and the shunning the ability to listen, thinking that they already know everything is the problem with our country. People try and scream the loudest, not because they are passionate, but because they don't want to hear something that they haven't ever thought of. 
The problem is we have deviated so far from the norm that we label people such as Sanders as 'extreme' when in fact he is closer to the promoter of the American Dream than any of these other people out there.

The only alternative I can think of is [Vermin Supreme](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4d_FvgQ1csE).

I want a pony. 
&gt; ...the middle class and the working families who produce the wealth of America deserve a fair deal.

Can't get any more vague than that. Reminds me of when a neocon says "America needs to be kept safe." Ok, no one disagrees with that, but how much freedom am I going to have to give away to these politicians in order to get that?
Government can control the means of production through regulations.  
Why the fuck do poor Americans vote for a party that only looks after the rich?

In Britain the poor vote for the Left because the Left cares about the poor.
As long as he distinguishes upper-class from filthy-rich, I'm good with him.

Heck, at least we get more Larry David appearances on SNL.
I will vote for Bernie Sanders. Holy shit, that was an amazing speech.
I bet at least 80% of the people that call him a socialist don't even know what socialism is, they probably think it's a fancy word for communism.  Kind of like when some people call a psychopath a sociopath and vice versa.
Please define 'fair' or propose a reasonable basis for defining 'fair'. 

Until then, this statement is meaningless at best.
Brazilian here. What is Sanders' POV about immigration?
Once again reminding people he's not a socialist, far from it just a normal liberal democrat. And I use that word in the political sense not the party - most of the party is just the Less Extreme Faction of the Business Party.
I've googled and googled, and I still don't know what a Democratic Socialist is. I need to know this and I suspect many others likely do as well before they vote but this has been rarely discussed in an ELI5 manner. There are almost 50 different political parties, can someone talented in politics help us understand?
Common Sense by Paine addressed two groups of British--the monarchy and the peerage. 

We have our own peerage in the US. We need to throw them off our backs just like we did the British peers.
So not socialist

Finally he said it in public
Man, that sounded so awesome in the beginning, then it turned back to political rhetoric. I mean, I agree with the guy, but I was hoping for something more profound than "Middle class families!"
in American capitalism, the only way to institute socialism would be through the labor union mobilization. the purpose of providing free or subsidized higher education is to maintain a more labor conscious working class, which is what Sanders is trying to achieve. however, the demobilization of union membership over the past 30 years has proven that higher education does not necessarily lead to this. what used to be actual leftist beliefs like public ownership have been completely removed from the conversation. if Bernie is the face of the modern American left wing and *advocating against public ownership* then he's not really left, he's center, just like any other democrat.

Sanders in office would still be the best option for progressing towards socialism, but even if elected, he would have to seriously start talking about permanently changing the government to allow for more labor rights. otherwise we're just running in circles around the neoliberal center.
So he's not socialist then...
Those are the only 2 options?

What about the working families owning the means of production?
I can't believe that someone actually knows the Marxist definition of communism. Wow.
Spoken like a true Republican, which today's Republican party lacks.
Video of the speech:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=slkQohGDQCI&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=16m11s
And hey... even if you don't particularly want any of the candidates as president... surely there's one you hate more than the others, right?

Voting is a good way to tell that candidate to go fuck themselves... if nothing else :)
I didn't hear the speech (and don't have time to) - did Bernie stress the tax increases he's proposing are progressive?  I think that would help many understand that he's not advocating large tax increases for everyone or for all income.
He's not a Socialist and it has a negative connotation in the US yet he calls himself a Socialist and then has to argue that he's not really a Socialist.  So weird to me.
* He still has not defined what he means by "middle class". What income range for how many people, how it scales by area of the country.
* He still has not defined what he means by "fair deal", or this whole concept of what level of comfort and lifestyle any given person in any given class should enjoy.
* He still has not said what his intended tax rates, brackets, and policies will be, other than very broad strokes.
* Not everyone is a family. Some people, like me, will never have a family. He ought to consider that there are single individual non-family people out there who also contribute to the wealth creation in America, and say something about the future he intends for them.
Let's all band together and give him a handy j
I like Bernie, but I'm for lower taxes and fewer government services. 
of course, we've always known bernie ain't a socialist, he's a social democrat. 
Unfortunately the American people are deaf to nuance. 
When the super-rich can't hold us up by our ankles and shake every last dime out of our pockets, *THAT'S SOCIALISM*.
Please, all you redditers, also encourage your friends and acquaintances to vote.  Otherwise, a bunch of old, scared people will determine your future.  It's your turn - so turn out and start fixing things.  Thanks!
His vision would be the best thing for America at this point but I doubt the majority of my neighbours to the south would agree 
While I have a lot of respect for Bernie Sanders, I disagree with him in every aspect economically. I'd like to see him defend his belief in a debate with Rand Paul. Sanders and Paul are the only rational candidates. 
Dear people of the usa. Please vote sanders. All your other candidates are just terrible. Thanks - the rest of the world., 
Ill take...Empty Statements for $500, Alex.
He should have focused more on this point; there are huge differences between what socialism actually is and the type of system that Bernie is advocating. The problem in my eyes is that this fact is either ignored or not known to the American people. The 1%'s propaganda machine has successfully eliminated socialism from popular discussion. To the point that it is immediately equated with totalitaranism. There were socialists like Stalin and Mao who we use as examples of socialists today. But the socialists you don't hear about are: Albert Einstein, MLK, Mark Twain, George Orwell, Ghandi, Jesus... to name a few. 
It's like he believes the average American has read Marx and Engels. For fucks sake, does he really think Joe Pickup Truck knows what Socialism is beyond "hurr durr lines for toilet paper"?
When's the last time you hear Trump or Hillary talk about Qatar? Oh yeah, never. Donate to Bernie, people!
SI SE PUEDE! !!!!
Well, he just lost my vote!
LOL the government won't own the means of production, but it will steal their profits. Thanks for nothing, Sanders!
And thus he is not a socialist.
He's not making sense. Communists control means of production, not socialists. 
He doesn't want the government to own the means of production because he knows the government could never run those businesses. He just wants to tax the ever loving hell out of them and take their money.
As a hard core "anarcho-capitalist", I actually agree with Bernie's goals:

1. Government should not own the means of production.

2. Middle class and working families who produce the wealth of America deserve a fair deal.

Our fundamental difference is that he believes that government is both the victim (of evil capitalism) and the eventual savior of the people. All we need to do is empower government (through various new laws and regulations) to withstand the influence of the capitalists, and then government's inherent goodness will flow forth and shower the people with milk and honey.

I (and the rest of my ilk) believe that government is the problem and that evil people (including some capitalists) will always end up controlling government for their own ends (and to the detriment of the middle class). We believe that Bernie's goals can only be achieved by drastically reducing the size and influence of government. This should start with the abolition of the Federal Reserve - which has steadily devalued the value of our money for the last 100 years.   
Alright, sorry Rand, I'm going to have to vote for the socialist this time. I got your back in 8 years buddy!
I'm genuinely impressed by his ability to remove the stigma from socialism by reminding his audience that the last time the U.S. had a "socialist" president it saved the whole country from the depression.
Define Fair.

Also, it isn't just labor producing the wealth. Capital produces a lot of it too.
But... he's always called himself a socialist...
I don't particularly disagree with Sanders but this "it's all about the middle class" bullshit from both sides is getting pretty old. Give me some fucking specifics.
C U C K
U
C
K

It's sad that he won't win the Democratic nomination.  He's so much better than Hillary.
He makes for a good person, but a bad U.S. President 
That conveyed almost no information.
"...and the only way to guarantee this is through extensive and intrusive government involvement in the means of production.  But I'm not a Socialist."
When you tax someone higher, you are taxing their means of production. He can sugarcoat it however he wants. If he's taxing people more, he's taking more of their productivity, and their time. He's forcing them to work for the benefit of others.

Can't wait for this anomaly to fade into history.
This is why I'm voting for Bernie Sanders.
So he is going to cut my taxes then?  I'm self-employed and that is where 50% of my income goes.  
And us rational people don't want the government determining what is a "fair deal".  
govt spending provides the means for production.   where the fuck you think money comes from in the first place???  federal government has to spend it into existence through govt programs.   derrrp.  right wingers are the worst. 
&gt;I don't believe government should own the means of production.

NEITHER DO SOCIALISTS. 
Spin it however you want, it's socialism
I can't believe people dislike Bernie he's our last hope for true change in America. If we don't we're gonna slide closer and closer to a full scale revolution in between racial tensions , growing economic inequality and our civil rights being fucked. 
every social republic state has been garbage.  don't turn this great country into one.
yet he wants government to control production via regulations and laws and use that to redistribute wealth. Don't need to own the means of production, just force those who do to do what big government wants them to do.
 

Aww is the geezer upset he's being called a socialist after identifying himself as a socialist? Poor little thing, someone get him to a safe space asap
Wow the guy who handled the questions at the end was great!  Be grouped like questions together by topic and even used some comments to reinforce some confusion of Some of the topics
["Let me hear that dirty word: SOCIALISM!" - Senator Jay Billington Bulworth](https://youtu.be/Id0cqNWZ50Y?t=2m6s)
"Democratic socialism is a political ideology advocating a democratic political system alongside a socialist economic system, involving a combination of political democracy with social ownership of the means of production."

That's what he calls himself.  That quote doesn't mean anything.  He's not attacked as a socialist, he's running as one.  If you don't want to be called a socialist stop saying you are one.
Labels do us a disservice, in my opinion, because they carry a lot of baggage that gets in the way of real conversations about the substantive issues. When I worked on Capitol Hill years earlier, my favorite Congressmen were those who voted issues instead of dogma. They are few these days. 

Likewise, given all the recent news about police brutality in "democratic" America, it made me laugh when a friend teaching in "communist" Vietnam told a story about how the people there surrounded and roughed up a cop who was being rough with the guy he pulled over. Per my friend, eyewitnesses wouldn't have it, so they surrounded the cop, shouted him down, and shoved him he ended apologizing to the driver. My friend said this is not uncommon with people banding together like this there. He's been there 2 years. 
The only problem with people, is they're too stupid to fight for their own worth. You won't find that with the 1%. Humans are social, so they're susceptible to the basic tribalistic and animalistic traits. Edward Bernays figured out how to permanently enslave people with words.
If the quoted text means you're a Socialist then I guess I'm a Socialist. 
I don't like the term democratic socialist still. However, every time I listen to one of Bernie Sanders speeches, I agree with his points and views. 

There was a time not that long ago where I thought Bernie was too out of touch with mainstream American views, however after seeing this time and time again, I think he actually represents them. 

What ever Bernie is calling Democratic Socialism, really has little to do with what people think of as socialism. If others can get past the terms, and really look at the issues themselves. Maybe, just maybe. Bernie can surprise us all, and have an honest chance. I still doubt it, bit for once I hope my doubts are wrong.
Socialists don't believe that the government should own the means of production, they believe that the workers should own the means of production. 

[Here is one perspective on what happened in the USSR](https://youtu.be/WsC0q3CO6lM) - in many ways they were closer to a bureaucratic feudalism than to socialism, which fits with Marx' view that a communist revolution would have to happen in a highly developed late-capitalist nation that already made use of the advantages of growth and relative personal freedom that he acknowledged capitalism to bring.

If you want to look at a genuine worker-controlled communist revolution, look at [George Orwell's records of the Spanish revolution 1936](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spanish_Revolution_of_1936), who as you can find was not anti-communist in the least, just anti-soviet like many communists were (such as the Mensheviks and German communists like Rosa Luxemburg).
Well, there's your problem....
Lol this is just a vague statement that anyone wants to hear. This hardly explains his socialist political stance.
Cliffnotes for the uninformed electorate: 
http://www.diffen.com/difference/Communism_vs_Socialism
http://www.diffen.com/difference/Social_Democracy_vs_Socialism
I think another name/label needs to be given to what Sanders has in mind. Or, better yet, he shouldn't pigeonhole himself by williing association to a particular name such that it's implied that if he's in favor of some of the mechanisms of that particular system, he must necessarily have to be in favor of all of the mechanisms of that system, kind of the opposite of throwing the baby out with the bathwater. What constitutes the criteria of being of a particular label/group/category is, afterall, manmade, contrived, and arbitrary. If there is a fatal flaw to our political system, it's the team sport-like aspect, where there are stratified political parties, with a nearly all or nothing approach to policy and governance.
I feel like I'm taking crazy pills over here. That's EXACTLY what Socialism is!

[Socialism:](http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/socialism)

1) any of various economic and political theories advocating collective or governmental ownership and administration of the means of production and distribution of goods

2)
a :  a system of society or group living in which there is no private property

b :  a system or condition of society in which the means of production are owned and controlled by the state
Oh Bernie ...

You failed the "Don't think of an elephant" test on defining yourself in a speech. Never say what you're not in a speech. The nots have a way of defining you when you label them. 
Not own the means of production, no, just regulate it to the point where you can't tell the difference.
Guys,

Bernnie isn't going to win
Most people could agree with the sentiment but many, if not most think it is wrong for the government to make that judgement and take money from people for making "too much."
Finally, he admitted he's not an actual socialist. I like Bernie, but hearing him always define socialism as what it is against instead of what it advocates for was driving me crazy. Nothing wrong with just being straight forward with people and calling yourself a compassionate capitalist. 
ITT: People who don't know what socialism is and think it must be completely opposed to capitalism and always equate to state ownership of business.

Edit: stupid replies abound. ITT: someone who didn't read the thread and someone who fundamentally misunderstands socialism and capitalism and likes to pretend they're clear cut ideologies with no grey areas.
You're god damn right. 
What is the difference between owning the means of production, on the one hand, and micromanaging/hypertaxing the owners on the other? 
'The next time you hear me attacked as a socialist, remember this: I am not a socialist.'

There we go.
Is that Brianna Keilar (CNN Political Correspondent) sitting in the front row? Not sure but it looks like her. Anyways I had to pause the video at 17:00 because she doesn't clap at anything, and then decides to take a selfie (17:25). If it is her - and it might not - then this is but another example of how bad journalism has gotten.

Edit: Yep... that's her. Looking at her Twitter feed versus her reaction during Bernie's speech looks like she only cares about marketing her own personal appearance.
I like Bernie
More that socialism denies the rich and elite from controlling all the wealth.. which is necessary.  unchecked we see what they do.   I'm surprised the human race is still existing and the environment isn't completely ruined.   a total race to the bottom.  who's big idea was this unfettered capitalism, piracy gangsterism?  who would support it but evil doers?    I'm embarrassed to be human.
Americans don't know the difference between socialism and communism and it's hilariously moronic
im sticking with trump bernie cannot stump him
It's sickening to me that he's not number one. Deep down I think it's the party he's associated with. Obama had promises of change. While he didn't really burn the house down, he didn't help clean up. Metaphor. House=country, after a party or something idk.
He's preaching to people who already know the real definition of socialism, i.e. people who already agree with his policies in large part.

Nobody else knows the real definition anymore.
Sanders would be a great  executive partner for Canada's Trudeau
Word.
Big fan on Bernie here, but it's always a red flag when politicians use the term "middle class" because everyone thinks they are the middle class, when in fact, a lot of people are not: http://www.esa.doc.gov/sites/default/files/middleclassreport.pdf
What's Bernies net worth again?
A problem Obama has had is his disconnect from the democratic party. Take the recent Syria refugee shit, Obama just regularly does not have his party in line. Feel like Sanders will suffer the same issue but even worse.
Issues quote denying that he is a socialist. Is still a socialist.
This sounds reasonable but at the same time I feel like "Okay...but how do you get from where we are to achieving this end?" 

That's my big problem with socialization. You need someone stepping in and when you have that no one ever wants to do it right because interest groups are ripping it up for their own pieces. How do we get to a fair result when everyone has their own definition of fairness and so many are different?
Maybe he'd be attacked as a socialist less if he quit calling himself a socialist despite not being a socialist.
My issue with Sanders is that the growing size and influence of the state of precisely causal to the increased influence of wealth.
Sanders wants even more centralized authority because "this time it will be different." 
We all have battered wife syndrome....
"Fair".  What, exactly, is my fair share then?  
Socialism and Social Democracy is not the same thing. It's called the third way for a reason! 
Same way gingerbread is not bread and ice cream is not the same as cream. 
Bernie didn't do a good job of defining "democratic-socialism" imho.  I still believe he is a social-democrat.  Social-democrat is the mold into which your policies can fit, a mold defined by the capitalist system. Whereas democratic-socialism is a cloak under which your policies can change, these change dynamic to the voters, instead of dynamic to the capital owners. Remove the molds and cloaks altogether and you're left with Marxism.
Our founders believed that we the people should own the means that produced wealth.  
So taxing the middle class another 10 percent and redistributing it to mcdonalds workers is a fair deal.  Yall are delusional 
edit: bring on the down votes, Bernie shills don't have a rebuttal except for free stuff
Damn, the '[' made my RES filter fail.
Wake up Democrats. Here is the real candidate. On the same day Hillary Clinton gave us George W Bush light. 
The government not owning the means of production is what scares me and puts me off. All that means is companies will lobby and screw over the government to get as much money as they can.
Owning the means of production would mean he is a COMMUNIST, not socialist.

He's still a socialist as he wants the government to have power over what people do with their money.

There are literally 12 articles that have Bernie pointing and waving his arms on the front page right now. I'm becoming overloaded.
Dude blames terrorism on global warming. What a loon. 
You should read my Facebook.

weep for humanity ladies and gentlemen 
"The curious task of economics is to demonstrate to men how little they really know about what they imagine they can design."
Attacked?  As I understood it he said he was a socialist and everyonr on reddit is saying he is a socialist and they love him for the majority.  The guy is a socialist.  
In reality though, the only way this civilization will survive as technology advances is if the governments own the means of production, otherwise the 0.1% will own all the automated factories producing goods only for themselves and those who can afford them while everyone else starves to death because there are no jobs to be had anymore and you will have no income to purchase said goods. 
Socialism = social ownership of the means of production.

You are a social democrat bernie. 
&gt;"The next time you hear me attacked as a socialist, remember this: I don’t believe government should own the means of production,

literally implying socialism means something it doesn't.
That sounds like socialist talk
strange,   why does a socialist worry about being labeled as a socialist?
Look. The entire definition of socialism is that the means of production relies on the state. So in order to consider yourself a socialist you have to AT LEAST believe that is where the country *should* be heading toward. Those Scandinavian social democrats acknowledge they exist in capitalism BUT are trying to advocate true socialism. Bernie is not. He is a capitalist that believes in a collectivist philosophy, but has no intention of taking us out of capitalism. Period. Hence why we call those social democrats and not democratic socialists. I think Bernie himself confused the two, along with confusing the vast majority of his supporters.

Face it. Bernie is NOT a socialist and never was.
[deleted]
They won't "own" the means of production, but they'll dictate every little bit of it.

Government is often comprised of people who couldn't make it in the private sector.  This should be scary.
Well, he does call himself a socialist.  Why are you going to call yourself a socialist, and then tell others not to attack you as a socialist?  

That is about as stupid as the people that support socialism.  'Socialism worked so well in the past, so let's try it one more time.'

"Free everything is a fair deal, including taxing everyone to pay for millions of free gender studies degrees." Wow, sure sounds convincing.
We apologize for thinking you're a socialist after you told us you're a socialist.
Doesn't he claim to be a socialist every other day? So he just wants the government to take control of the production itself, not necessarily the means? lol Splitting hairs if you ask me. 
Seeing Sanders as president would be scary.   He supports gun control, spying on the American people, and a whole host of other dangerous ideas. 
Still results in socialism, by taking from peter to pay paul, neither gets a fair shake.

I do not want to own your business.    

I just want to control what you charge, who you hire, how much you pay them, what you sell, how you advertise it and who you can partner with.    

I would also like it if I could force you to build your structure how I say, use the people I approve to do it, landscape around your building should be approved by me and make sure I am ok with the color.   I would like to make sure that no jokes that might offend people are told in your office.    

I have a few other things that we can go over later when you fill out the 9 billion pages to do business here so I can appropriately charge your fees, fines, taxes and levies.    

   

But I do not want to own you.
Does he know where Social Democrats originate from? Lol. 

He is frighteningly stupid. 
Isn't the government controlling the means of production the actual definition of Socialism? 
The word "fair" is so ambiguous. Just like "Hope and Change", it's just warm &amp; fuzzy words to make you feel good. There is no fair nor will there ever be. You're voting for something that doesn't exist and that Bernie cannot give. 
I think that young people in America today feel like they got a raw deal. They have a bit more debt, a bit lower incomes and a bit less opportunities than previous generations had. That said, I don't think it's fair to place the blame solely on greedy corporations being greedy corporations or on the government not basically giving them money just for being alive. Greedy corporations and the elite hoarding wealth is not a new concept and it has been going on since the beginning of mankind. This time is no different. 

Baby boomers had an easier ride in a few ways. They had better job opportunities, higher salaries, houses and so forth. However when Baby Boomers were growing up most of the world's industrial economies laid in ruins or didn't even get the ball rolling yet so it's not fair to say that there is some injustice preventing young people today from getting all of those things. What happened was competition in and industrialization of the world. This is known as globalisation and it is a good thing for the majority of people. Also there is a trade off, it's better to be a young person now than it was to be a baby boomer when they were the same age. I mean, baby boomers didn't have iPhones or Netflix or Twitter or any of the other neat stuff that defines young people's lives.

Also things weren't easy for past generations either. Every generation prior to ours had its own challenges and struggles that defined it. Jobs didn't grow on trees then anymore than they do now, you still had to work just as hard to make it. 

Anyway, I'll tell you why a Sanders victory is dangerous. Young people in China and Russia were also once entranced by the promises of Socialism and wealth redistribution. Trust me when I say that it never ends well and you need to look no further than history to know this. Young people actually need go know this and spend time learning from the past instead of just repeating the same mistakes again. These are things you can't learn from surfing twitter or reddit or using the Internet at all. Sadly colleges with their own agendas are keeping young people from learning these lessons as well. 

I've been alive for longer than most of the people on this site, most of whom I assume are young adults or teenagers. I learned a lot of life lessons in my time that many if you aren't privy to yet, one of which being that you can never trust someone who is promising to give you wealth without expecting something in return. Socialist promises throughout history have always came with demands from people that far superseded that of what they were prepared to give to people, regardless of how young and idealistic they were. Let's just say that corruption finds a way. 

Don't fall for these romantic ideals and promises. The government doesn't owe you anything and already gives you far more than you are entitled to. We have the best social safety net in the world on a lot of ways and it has ruined us. 

These are lessons you will learn in time. Life is hard work, modern young people have been too coddled and pampered to be prepared for it and this sense of entitlement will be their downfall if they vote for a Socialist candidate into office who promises them the world for free on a platter. That is not the way the world works, friends. Nothing is free. 

My advice to young people is to not to vote in this election and not until they've truly internalized these lessons from history. And don't expect anything to be given to you which you haven't worked for. Just hang in there, learn the value of hard work and things will go your way :) 
If you have government making up over a third of the entire country's economic output and 50% taxes on economic activity overall then private ownership of the means of production is a dead letter. It is really just communism by other means.
He isn't a socialist of course he doesn't want the workers to own the means of production! What a shame he uses the tag socialist and not advocate the revolution.
Does he also believe:

&gt; We are socialists because we reject an economic order based on private profit

http://www.dsausa.org/constitution
Ben isn't doing so good with that spotlight

Edit: [Politico stealth-edits Carson story](http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/article/2575843)
&gt;“I felt so proud, my chest bursting with ribbons and braids of every kind. To make it more wonderful, we had important visitors that day. Two soldiers who had won the Congressional Medal of Honor in Viet Nam were present,” he wrote. “More exciting to me, General William Westmoreland (very prominent in the Viet Nam war) attended with an impressive entourage. Afterward, Sgt. Hunt” – his high school ROTC director – “introduced me to General Westmoreland, and I had dinner with him and the Congressional Medal winners. Later I was offered a full scholarship to West Point.”

If a lie this big doesn't ruin him, we're screwed.
I'll seriously consider withdrawing my support of him if it turns out he never even stabbed that dude. 

/s
[Marine holding an umbrella for the Commander in Chief](http://m.digitaljournal.com/article/350336)? Cue GOP rage.

Lying about getting a full scholarship at the US Military Academy? GOP front runner.

I don't understand…
It's interesting to see how that headline changed. Now it is:
&gt;Exclusive: Carson claimed West Point 'scholarship' but never applied


 
Remember he is running as a moralist Christian.

He also complains about how he's receiving too much scrutiny, more than Obama.  He claims "12 years ago" is too far back to investigate.

Boom goes the dynamite.
Stabby McBlinky is falling apart under scrutiny. 

He also couldn't answer any questions in his live telephone interview with CNN this morning.  He just bitched about the media attacking him.  He didn't seem to understand what the vetting process entails.

*Video link of this morning's interview:*

http://www.cnn.com/2015/11/06/politics/ben-carson-responds-violent-past-new-day/index.html
Somewhere out there Herman Cain is laughing "9999999999999 999 999999" 
This implosion is everything I hoped it'd be and more. Can't write this shit.
Ehhh, reading the whole article I kinda give carson the benefit here. 

Timelines do put him in the same place as the general when he WAS the top ranking ROTC Student in Detroit, which is what he claims. He could very well have had the General tell him something along the lines of "apply to west point and i'll make sure you get in." Which, since west point doesn't HAVE a tuition, and once you're in, you're 100% paid for, could be understood as a "Full ride" and Carson could be using the term "full ride scholarship" to convey to people who don't understand that West point is an all-expense paid exclusive school that he wouldn't have had to pay anything to attend. 

Edit: I'm not a Carson supporter; thanks for the messages calling me all sorts of names and shills though. 
I'm leaning bernie but undecided. Just tired of seeing political stuff skewed either way in the name of B.S. 
Some people seem to be caught up in the semantics of "scholarship". West Point themselves use the words "full government scholarship" in their own [marketing materials](https://twitter.com/morgenr/status/662699371541065728/photo/1?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw).
When will the right wing media personalities say about Ben Carson what they say about Hilary Clinton: "He lied, no liar should be President."
This will be down voted, but I'll just go ahead and say it. 

If 40 years ago Ben Carson was had a very positive discussion with a General, who encouraged him to attend the school, who probably told him his room and board, food and tuition would be paid for, then you have a high school student believing he was offered a "scholarship". That's what it's called at any other school, military schools do not have them... It's probably a matter of definition. Pretty silly hit piece on Carson. 
The man is clearly a pathological liar with no grasp on reality.
He's toast. All of the lies will unravel now.
How is that man doing so well in the polls? I could understand Trump, hell, I can understand to some degree all the lunatics the right offers up, but not him. How he has garnered even a shred of serious support is beyond me. Every single fucking day there is another article about him saying something completely batshit crazy, and yet he's winning. I really don't get it and I can't figure it out. If he wasn't a brain surgeon I would (not even joking) think he was mentally handicapped. 
Is anything about him genuine? I'm starting to wonder if he's like Leo DiCaprio in *Catch Me if You Can* - like he's just some guy that wandered in off the street and told everybody he's a brain surgeon and a US Senator and everybody believed him. Has anyone verified that he's actually black?
From what I understand, his book says that he went to a banquet for his ROTC program and they wanted him to go to school there. He then says that he turned them down. What his people's letter to politico said was that he never applied, which he didn't, as you need not apply to a school to be offered a scholarship. Just ask any ncaa athlete. 

That being said. He used the word scholarship. That is factually incorrect. Saying "I got a scholarship to West Point" is literally a joke amongst people who go to West Point, because neither they nor any other military academy offer scholarships. You pay for your schooling by committing to a number of years of military service. 

To me, we are picking hairs here. I mean, he's wrong, but the context of what he's talking about in the book is in line with "they really wanted me to go to school here because I was successful in my grades and ROTC". "The important army people there tried to recruit me to West Point." He just used the wrong word because he doesn't know what he's talking about. Seems like everyone is holding him to a ridiculous standard, but that's my .02. 

What politico is trying to make out of this is that Ben Carson has been knowingly fabricating this story, by the premise that if he never applied, he could never have been offered a scholarship because he wasn't accepted. In his book, he doesn't claim to have applied. He claims to have gone to a banquet with army recruiters who tried to get him to go to West Point. For all anybody knows, they may have used the word "scholarship" and he just never cared to learn the difference. Maybe because he wasn't interested in a military career or something. 
How is this guy a doctor?
That's one thing the Donald has going for him, he's been under intense scrutiny for so long that we all already know about any dirty laundry he may have. And he's been on a Comedy Central Roast, I can't imagine any other candidate putting themsleves through that...
A douche bag lies about an earned honor like a West Point scholarship.

Douche bag should not be president of our nation.
This is a bogus article. Who cares if he got offered a scholarship (or whatever you want to call it) to West Point. The guy didn't go there. He went to freaking Yale anyways. So why does this matter?
ITT - Politico reported it so it MUST be a fact!

The one thing I keep learning about the media is to wait and see.  Too many times the media gets stuff wrong.  
&gt;The Politico story is an outright Lie. Dr. Carson as the leading ROTC student in Detroit was told by his Commanders that he could get an Appointment to the Academy. He never said he was admitted or even applied
Why don't we call it for what it is - Lying. 
Ben Carson is a con-artist... he needs to step out of the race now, he's a complete joke and quite possibly a criminal. Even a single shred of respect given is still too much.

Fuck Ben Carson.
Does it really matter if it happened? It's what he believes. Why can't you filthy hippies understand that it's about faith and the bible and believing that God sent Ben Carson to earth to fill the fucking pyramids with grain so American Christians have bread to eat when the Armageddon begins?
This story is really bordering on outright lies...  Carson isn't my top pick, but looking into it a little deeper shows that he made no claims what-so-ever that he applied to West Point.  Also, people that are invited to West Point get a free ride, which is what scholarships can provide.  So breaking news:  Ben Carson said the word "Scholarship" instead of "Offered a free ride".  Facepalm.
And just like that, his meteoric rise will result in a meteoric fall that forces him out of the race abruptly, a la Herman Cain in 2012.

The GOP establishment is breathing a sigh of relief. 1 nut down, 1 more to go, and then they can put Marco on the frontrunner pedestal.
Ben Carson is batshit crazy.
I'm having trouble locating where Carson admitted to lying. Can someone link me a source?
imagine how the GOP would react if they suddenly found out Obama lied about his schooling. 
You have to love the irony of a black man trying to convince white people he stabbed someone... So they'll vote for him 
Huh. Funny, I expected the guy who equates abortion and obamacare to slavery and believes that the pyramids of Giza are grain silos to be on the up and up. 

Congrats Benny boy, you're now the black Romney! Ignorance bordering on stupidity, elitist and tying the package together with a nutty religious zeal? All you need is a fancy dancing horse and a more waxy face and you'll be set!
Will get buried but...
https://www.conservativereview.com/commentary/2015/11/politico-is-lying-about-ben-carson
/r/Conservative has explained this away with an article titled, "No, Ben Carson Didn't Lie About West Point. It's Another Media Hit Job."

I'd link to it, but I know some subreddits have rules against that. 
Ben Carson causes autism.
http://www.dailywire.com/news/960/no-ben-carson-didnt-lie-about-west-point-its-ben-shapiro
Ben Carson:

- Once told a very questionable story about how he once was held at gun point at Popeyes (and told the gunman to point his gun at the server over the counter).

- Believes Joseph from the old testament built the pyramids to store grain.

- Has been sued for malpractice as a brain surgeon. For instance, one girl was left paralyzed on the right side of her body.

&gt; "My parents told him they weren’t authorizing him to remove the whole tumor, because of the risk,” she said. “But he did what he god****ed pleased. He tried to remove all of the tumor and injured my nerves and brain stem.

- Has suggested that being gay is a choice and that gays are coming from prison went into prison straight

- Has said that gay marriage is what lead to the fall of the Roman Empire

- Has compared Obama to a psychopath

- Has compared Obamacare to slavery

- Lies about getting a West Point scholarship

- Admitted to having plagiarized in one of his medical research papers and not having understood what plagiarism was at the time in a recent book. Ironically, people found evidence of plagiarism in that very same book.

- Has asked for secret service protection, because he believes militant liberals are plotting to kill him

And much much more...

How can a man this mentally unhinged be a leading republican candidate to be president of the United States of America?

It's mind boggling...

I wouldn't even let this man baby-sit my dog for a weekend.
&gt;I would argue strongly that an Appointment is indeed an amazing full scholarship

Haha, campaign manager would argue that the appointment would be an amazing full scholarship-- if it was either a scholarship or full, of which it is neither because West Point is free (as a student) if you are accepted and he didn't even apply.

I was accepted to Harvard Law school, myself, but it was during their transitional phase when they were calling themselves O'Brien Community College. And when I say that I was accepted, I mean that I once talked to someone who worked there.

Edit: Liberal Media; Illuminati tryin' to keep me down.
Will his supporters go to the Donald or Rubio? The answer to that question likely decides the nomination.
From

[Ben Carson Calls Report Questioning His Childhood ‘A Bunch of Lies’](http://time.com/4102899/ben-carson-childhood-bunch-of-lies/)

To

[Ben Carson Just Admitted to a Serious Lie](http://fortune.com/2015/11/06/ben-carson-west-point/)

lol Sounds like the only "bunch of lies" are the one you've been *telling*, Ben!

Didnt politico misrepresent what he said?  He never said he applied to westpoint
I don't doubt for a second, that Westmorland offered Carson a scholarship.  A hand shake from a four star general is about as solid as it gets at WestPoint.  
Carson will say that the media has a liberal bias looking to attack him on anything and his supporters will agree. 
What's hilarious is that you all believe the lies that the media is broadcasting about Ben Carson. Your reaction is exactly what they want. [Politico fabricated the entire story.](http://money.cnn.com/2015/11/06/media/ben-carson-politico-west-point/index.html/)

http://money.cnn.com/2015/11/06/media/ben-carson-politico-west-point/index.html

http://louderwithcrowder.com/politico-flat-out-fabricates-story-about-ben-carson-and-west-point-the-truth/

http://www.dailywire.com/news/960/no-ben-carson-didnt-lie-about-west-point-its-ben-shapiro
Goddamn, what's next? Choosing lance Armstrong for VP?
hope this won't fuck up his book sales 
GOP voterbase is going to be torn between ignoring negative facts about candidates and their lies vs. the desire to tar and feather someone who lies about military stuff.
Lets see who the right hates more, stolen valor or the librul media delivering the news of stolen valor.
If this concession doesn't end his political campaign, I'll be disappointed.
I saw someone yesterday with a Carson bumper sticker. That's some serious commitment since he hasn't even won the primaries yet. I'm in Illinois as well so there is really no need for the sticker to be up this early. I can't wait to see that car in 2 years
http://www.realclearpolitics.com/video/2015/11/06/ben_carson_challenges_cnn_in_marathon_interview_says_they_are_liars.html
Darn that liberal media and their fact checking,huh?
Ben has got the PAC money for the bulk book sales in his pocket. Time to Hermain Cain this campaign right into the side of a mountain with no survivors.
It doesn't matter what this man says his supporters may be the most delusional people on the planet.
http://i.imgur.com/kYltC3w.jpg
The Germans have a word for Ben Carson, and it sounds even worse than it is. This is an actual word and easy to verify.

Fachidiot 
(pronounced basically how you think)

It means someone who is an expert in one field, but unaware or uninterested in knowledge or facts outside of that field.

I think being a genius neurosurgeon while thinking the pyramids were built to store grain (despite not being hollow beyond a cramped burial chamber) qualifies him.
Doesn't matter if it's true as long as Carson *believes* that it's true.
How can a brain surgeon be so stupid? Why tell stories that can easily be proven to be lies?
I can't stop laughing , The Pyramid/Grain Storage now this ,This dude has some serious issues.
Fox News just right now showed a Ben Carson campaign radio rap ad and then a minute later reported that the Politico story was disputed as false by the Ben Carson campaign. I literally fell off my chair bursting of laughter. 
Looks like being insane is finally catching up to him.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Ben Carson [on Fox News:](http://thehill.com/blogs/ballot-box/presidential-races/259358-carson-cnn-thinks-im-a-pathological-liar) 

&gt;So, you know, I would say to the people of America — do you think I’m a pathological liar like CNN does? Or do you think I’m an honest person? I’m going to leave that up to the American people to make that decision.

Well, American people? Which one is it going to be?
No one called into question how everyone at the school has a full scholarship already? You don't pay tuition, you pay your debt by committing to the army for a certain number of years.

I mean things may have been different in 1969, but I always thought that's just how it always was.
Um, doesn't every West Point cadet get a full scholarship?  Books, uniforms, chow, all "free".  "Tuition" is the time you spend in service after you graduate.  I forget what happens if you flunk out - cough up some bucks or go enlisted for a while?
Classic media. Carson's response :"I don’t remember all the specific details. Because I had done so extraordinarily well you know I was told that someone like me – they could get a scholarship to West Point. But I made it clear I was going to pursue a career in medicine. It was, you know, an informal ‘with a record like yours we could easily get you a scholarship to West Point.'". He didnt even apply- as you know he only had enough money to apply to one college.

[deleted]
Honestly this doesn't really seem like a lie (or an admission of a lie). Carson mistook encouragement to apply for west point ("of course you'll get in and its free!") as an actual offer.  Its further evidence of his lack of qualification for office but I don't really think its a lie, especially compared to some of the other tales told by politicians (see most instances of budget math). 
I'm just curious about the rationale for ever deciding to lie about something like this. It wasn't really going to make a difference whether he got a West Point scholarship or not. People care that he's a doctor and about his political views. 
Anyone who supports this guy is either clueless or willing to suspend reality for the purpose of not admitting he's a fucking spaz with a medical degree. 
I really don't like Ben Carson, but I would call this an embellishment, not an outright lie. As far as I can tell, he exaggerated what was said. You can't be formally offered a scholarship after a dinner, but you could leave with the impression you'd been offered that opportunity. What he didn't do is say he applied, was accepted, and offered a full scholarship.

I'm not backing him, I'm just saying I'm going to stick to my argument that we shouldn't vote for him because he believes the Earth is 6000 years old.
Hope you all had fun with this today.  
If a democrat had done this, the entire republican base would demand their resignation for disrespecting the troops.
This would be such bigger news to me if I honestly believed he was truly running for president. Even with the poll numbers the way they are I cannot accept at this point that either he or Trump are truly trying to be President. That is one thing that concerns me about the upcoming primary season. All those poll numbers are going to coalesce around an establishment candidate with the same tired republican principles.

Edit: Words

Will this really matter?  The people supporting him had no real interest in the facts to begin with. 
If anything, the sideshow aspect of the republican candidates are in full bloom.
Herman Cain 2.0
Admits is a strong word, he says it's [semantics](http://www.npr.org/2015/11/06/455024417/ben-carson-pushes-back-on-questions-about-his-west-point-story). Not sure why anyone thinks he's trust worthy...
So how many times does someone have to make shit up before we decide that we're just culturally done with them?

Stabbed a guy, got a "full scholarship" to West Point, evaded a gunman in a Popeye's (by pointing out the cashier), anti-vaxxer, etc.

Come on already.  The guy's either a delusional kook or a cynical con-man.  Cut him loose.
They keep talking about his time in ROTC, but in reality he was in JROTC...
Did anyone watch his press conference? It was insane. He looked like he was crazy.
He was just lying about that one thing, though.  The rest you can take to the bank.  This shows how honest he is.  He'll tell you when he's lying, so you can believe anything he hasn't admitted to being a lie.  

I don't know why you people don't get this!  Why would he lie about lying!  He's clearly the most honest, God-fearing, Dinosaur riding motherfucker in this election!  If you say otherwise, he might just stab you!
I mean, at this point are we even sure he was a doctor? 
So is his presidential campaign pretty much over?
Seriously?  Is Politico a mouthpiece for the GOP establishment?  

Talk about Carson wanting to cut Medicare, his views on gays...etc.  
I feel like he's on xanax like 24/7
If this dude lies about somewhat trivial things, how can we trust him with running this country?
To be fair, in his book he says it was offered - and he's maintaining that story, although it was more of an informal offer.  

I mean, when it comes to stupid shit Carson says.... this is on the kind of weak end of the scale.
I really get the feeling that Carson has now spent the majority of his life as the only black person within groups of others and as such got used to no one questioning anything he said because of both his race &amp; his profession. 

Much like older GOP politicians can't grasp that they live in an age when almost everything they do in public is probably recorded, Carson got too use to no one ever fact checking his own history hence he continues to tell whoppers &amp; pseudo science. 
Actually he didn't. Maybe misspoke on one irrelevant point.

http://www.dailywire.com/news/960/no-ben-carson-didnt-lie-about-west-point-its-ben-shapiro#.VjzrIHREiFg.twitter

As an intelligent person, I scoff at thee. *haha*.
My wife likes to tell me, and others, that she got accepted to Harvard, but decided to go to the school she did for other reasons, not because she wasn't smart enough to get in somewhere better.  The reality is, when you press her, she scored very well on the SAT and got a call from some folks at Harvard's Hispanic student society (something like that) and they offered to help her write her application essay and told her she has a good chance of getting in because she's Hispanic and smart.  All is probably true, but she was never "accepted" to Harvard, because she never actually applied.  

Funny how people exaggerate a story long enough that they start to believe it themselves.  I see Carson's story the same way as my wife's. However, I'd like to think if my wife was writing a book, that could easily be vetted, she'd use those brains and tone down the story.  
Wait, if he's going to lie about stuff, why would he also admit to attempting to murder someone in 9th grade?
Do you people understand he never claimed to have gotten a scholarship nor did he ever say he went there? The title of this post might as well be "Ben Carson admits to never have been a general in the civil war!" Just because some news station puts some BS story out doesn't mean you have to believe it. And even if this was at all true, this is what gets you upset?? No wonder the media is all the sudden out to get this guy, He's a good man who has accomplished many things in his life...
Politico just changed the headline and the lede. Why are we acting like this is journalism? Where was the media on Rashid Khalidi, bill Ayers and Jeremiah Wright? 
I don't think he ever stabbed someone or got robbed at a Popeye's either. Something's wrong with that guy.
Carson is honest, Politico lies.  

From the link FlyingBurritoMan provided:
&gt;Politico followed up on this story. They reported one additional pieces of information that seem to conflict with Carson’s story: Carson never applied to West Point, and was never extended admission.

&gt;But Carson never said he applied. He said he was extended a full scholarship offer. What’s more, West Point doesn’t offer scholarships: all admission is free contingent on serving in the military afterwards. It thus seems probable that Westmoreland or another military figure tried to recruit Carson, telling him that he wouldn’t have to pay for his education – and that Carson read that as a “full scholarship,” and never applied.
[deleted]
This article is sensationalist bullshit. He had a general tell him he could get in if he applied while he was a high school ROTC student, but he decided to only apply to Yale. Really splitting hairs here.
Don't worry he can just claim "liberal media bias" and avoid having to personally acknowledge this lie.

His poll numbers among likely GOP voters will probably go up.
What if he was never a neurosurgeon?

Like the RNC finds out he's just some guy that slipped into the back door of RNC headquarters in a rented suit.

He never had a medical background except for a P/T job at CVS
Wait, wait...you're telling me that a doctor who doesn't believe in evolution and thinks the pyramids were for storing grain is also a fabulist? Knock me over with a feather and piss in my face.
Ahhh another Politico hit piece. They are starting the process of retracting their story.

http://www.dailywire.com/news/960/no-ben-carson-didnt-lie-about-west-point-its-ben-shapiro#.VjzrIHREiFg.twitter#pq=A9pN4u
Brian Williams got fired for much less
This fucking guy. When will he go away?

Seriously, Conservatives who were going to vote for him, how do you abide this kind of bullshit?
Did anybody even read the article? I'm no Carson fan, but where is the lie? 

Politico Quote: 

&gt;Ben Carson’s campaign on Friday admitted, in a response to an inquiry from POLITICO, that a central point in his inspirational personal story was fabricated: his application and acceptance into the U.S. Military Academy at West Point.

His Campaign admits:

&gt;“He was introduced to folks from West Point by his ROTC Supervisors,” Bennett went on. “They told him they could help him get an appointment based on his grades and performance in ROTC. He considered it but in the end did not seek admission.”

Original "Lie":

&gt;“...introduced me to General Westmoreland, and I had dinner with him and the Congressional Medal winners. Later I was offered a full scholarship to West Point.”

Where exactly did Carson say he applied or attended West Point? It seems like the only thing this article does is conclude "Dinner with Westmoreland" was more of a large banquet than a private 1 on 1 thing.
Is he crazier than Trump?
Doesn't sound like a lie 



http://www.dailywire.com/news/960/no-ben-carson-didnt-lie-about-west-point-its-ben-shapiro?utm_source=facebook&amp;utm_medium=social&amp;utm_content=110615-news&amp;utm_campaign=benshapiro
They're already changing their headline. I like Carson bashing, but Politico needs to get their facts straight. All this is going to do is give Carson and other Republicans more tools to claim that mainstream media is out to get them.
It turns out West point isn't really a college.  It's a grain storage facility.  Obviously Carson didn't want admission to a grain storage facility.  Just another Non story from the lame stream media.
Pretty much anyone who has any military exposure would have known that's bullshit.

West Point *doesn't charge tuition*. Education is received in exchange for Officer service commitment.

Update: Carson blasts this article.

http://dailycaller.com/2015/11/06/team-carson-politico-story-is-an-outright-lie/
No he didn't...they lied...
This is exaggerated, but it still doesn't make up for the crazy shit he's said so far

* grain silos
* doesn't understand the debt ceiling
* prison rape makes turns you gay so being gay is a choice
* obamacare is the worst thing to have happened since slavery
gawd you folks are easily hornswoggled, this whole story is completely fabricated, I feel sorry for you all 
Wait, what part of the christian faith is this? 

This is where the House of Cards start tumbling on down.
GOP frontrunner ladies and gentlemen.
Everyone, back on board the Trump Express!
When will people on the right wake up and call him what he is, a liar.
Oops
This is just sad.
Wonder if anyone will ask him about this in the debates.

Oh wait...that'd be mean.
Little known fact. Ben is the bastard son of Johnny Carson. #carsonfacts
The really stupid thing about the fabrication is that West Point doesn't offer "scholarships". You have to go through your elected senator to get what is called a nomination. The general he describes has no authority to get him a scholarship or a nomination for that matter.
It's going to come down to Trump vs Rubio imo
Good bye Ben. Back to the speaking circuit for you. 
Oh look, a liar!
Nothing makes me happier than tearing down the holier than thou delusional evangelical candidate. The sooner he is swept under the rug the better.
[Hey Hey Hey, Goodbye](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dO1PYvloBtk)
Wonder how many points this will raise him in the polls?
Ben Carson and Brian Williams should grab a beer together
How the fuck did he think he would get away with that?  I mean really, did he just believe NO ONE would check?

What a fucking moron
It's sad that out of all the republican front runners at the moment that Donald Trump is the best candidate.....Donald....Trump.....wow.
This guy is a motherfucking liar!  For being Capt Jesus, he is one of the most dishonest of them all.  
How is this guy leading in the republican polls. I thought nobody could out-clown trump but Carson has really shown me how wrong I can be.
But West Point doesn't have scholarships BECAUSE THERE IS NO TUITION
Exactly like Herman the nookie monster Cain. Early poll lead just because no one knows who he is  and the establishment candidates all suck. Early warning signs dismissed as conspiracy until things reach critical mass and can't be ignored any longer. The difference is that Carson's flame out is even more spectacular. I half expect him to rip off his mask and reveal it has been Sasha Baron Cohen all along.
Jesus Ben, lie anymore and you will be a shoe in for republican nomination.  Next thing you will hear is that he is not even a doctor.
Welp, another high profile Republican caught in a pretty high profile lie. One he's been carrying and telling for years.  What an insult, and if Carson is still the frontrunner after this, the Republican party in general is insulting the hell out of us.
Xanax McBlinky is done. 
They still haven't provided us with Ben Carson's long form birth certificate!
Seem like you can't be a President or even a candidate without first being a lying SOB.
This has to be embarrassing for his colleagues at Johns Hopkins, and MD's everywhere for that matter.
Ok can some clear something up. How is someone the head of ROTC of an entire city? My understanding is 1. this would be JROTC and cities don't run those.  Please can someone maybe that was in during that time even better someone from that area?
http://www.dailywire.com/news/960/no-ben-carson-didnt-lie-about-west-point-its-ben-shapiro
For someone that found god and had his life transformed by him, he sure does lie a lot. 
I thought West Point was already tuition free with a salary for the cadets. 
I find myself feeling better about Trump. I'd still do **anything** to keep him out of the office and he's still an evil, incompetent real-world Biff Tannen. I wouldn't even trust him not to lie to us as a president. But I would, at the very least, trust him to *know* when he was lying. I can't say the same thing for Ben Carson.

Trump may be motivated by nothing more than craven self interest, but... you can sort of work with someone like that. You can't work with someone that's just wackjob insane.
Can we please have Fox and Friends, with special guest Sarah Palin conduct the Fox debate???? Pretty please, God, make this happen. Idiocracy might as well be entertaining.
Ben Carson doesn't get mad. He gets "stabby".
Can we be done with this dude now.
what a fuck
So he's a LIAR? Wonder how long until they subpoena him and demand his e-mail server. Won't hold my breath for it though.
Ah yes, vetting season is now open. 
So we're back to Trump being the front runner?

Welp. 
Doesn't everybody attending West Point get a full scholarship? Ie it's free with military service after? 
Serious question. The one thing I don't get...why does west point just give out this information ?  It seems like they would say "we can neither confirm nor deny that he, or anyone else, applied, for privacy reasons".  Is there some rules that places like this keep saying news organizations can ask?  Can anyone ask?
He was only running to sell books anyway. 
Carson gets weirder by the minute. 
To be fair, all west point appointments come with full tuition and board, and he probably was told he could go if he wanted.  I was in a similar situation with the AFA and decided not to despite assurances I had an appointment if I wanted it.  I'll give him the benefit of the doubt on this one, but if you really just want to fuck with him you got him on a technicality at least.  I think there are way crazier things he says and does that deserve a lot more scrutiny than this.
How is that buffoon still in the running?
Talk about 15 minutes.
I'm starting to wonder if this guy ever really hosted The Tonight Show.
Nobody gives a shit about Hillary's emails. 
...and right after West Point he became Queen of England. 
West Point doesn't charge tuition, so this is doubly stupid of him to say
So he may not have entirely lied on this one.
http://www.dailywire.com/news/960/no-ben-carson-didnt-lie-about-west-point-its-ben-shapiro
If anyone cares to look into this I have had my fill of him today.
Meh, someone told him causally that he could get a scholarship, but he never applied for one. Not as big a deal as the title is making it out to be. But at the very least he was leading people on to thinking he got a scholarship.
Carson is building a brand...like Glenn Beck or Sara Palin. It inst about the Presidency, it is about marketing himself for a very, very lucrative media/book/speaker deal after this election cycle is done. He isnt stupid, he is a shrewd business man. 
IF this is all true then Ben Carson is a man without Honor. 
Why is Donald trump the least crazy of all gop Candidates?
lying is quickly becoming SOP in the political arena
Personally I think the pyramid story has more legs. We've all embellished on some story in our life so I personally wouldn't crucify him for something he said before he went into politics. 



What a stupid thing to lie about
DUNNNNZOOOO

This sub will hate it and I'm not a Carson fan, but what he said is nowhere near the "I fabricated a story" line the press is running with.  And at least he is man enough to actually come clean about it when questioned.  He is a weird dude though. 
Carson's getting swift-boated. That's kind of ironic.
It's getting to the point where I hope he wins the nomination so he can hang himself with all the rope they'll give him in the election.
He's not admitting to fabricating, he's doubling down and defending it on national tv as I type this
goddammit Ben.
he is such a mental midget how did he become a brain surgeon again?
I honestly don't have that much confidence that any of this will affect his ultimate trajectory that much. He has a very specific demographic that he markets directly to in a pretty successful way, and if they signed up for Ben Carson in the first place, I don't know how much reason there is to think they'd leave over something like this. Which is depressing until you remember that he has zero chance of being president. I just hate reminders that this voter bloc exists. 
Now you have to question every statement he  makes. 
Did he really think it wouldn't be investigated with a microscope? 
The guy seems to be a textbook pathological liar or maybe a sociopath -  at least he wasn't stabbing anybody, but I'm beginning to seriously doubt if he was ever even a surgeon - did they check his resume when they hired him?

It's like when he gets caught in one lie, he comes up with another one to cover his tracks...always prefaced by "I didn't say that"
Can someone remind me why he is the frontrunner?

Just a disclaimer I am a Republican, but I don't find anything that interests me about Carson at all. Rubio has far more redeeming qualities and even though there's a lot of hate for Trump, there's a few things that Reddit can agree with where I've seen positive remarks on /r/politics even. At least those guys I can see being in the lead but Carson? WTF? This man is just batshit crazy.
Did he or did he not meet with General Westmoreland?  
Ben's approval ratings just jumped 10 points with the Republican electorate.
So now it's basically Donald Trump v. Marco Rubio and Hillary Clinton v. Bernie Sanders. My bet's on Trump for the Republicans if he can tone it down a bit and Sanders for the Democrats if people start seeing what a lying, hypocritical bitch Clinton is. Sanders isn't perfect but he's the best we've got.
Thank God he's done. What a fucktard.
So I have a friend on fab defending him for "coming clean...unlike most politicians."
I feel like we could out a lot of shills in this thread with a bit of digging. I'm sure they're out in full force playing damage control and upvoting each other right here in the 3,500 comments. 

If ever there was a thread for a Reddit admin to work on with /r/dataisbeautiful this is probably it. I'm sure the slimy network of upvote teams have been busy here today.
Current presidential candidates for lower military spending:

Republican:

* Rand Paul

Democrat:

* Bernie Sanders

Hillary Clinton has called for a commission to examine U.S. military spending, but has as far as I can tell not yet offered her stance on the issue. 

Every other candidate is for, to the best of my knowledge, either increasing the military budget or keeping it the same. 
&gt;“If we are serious about ending waste, fraud, abuse and excessive spending, we have got to focus on all agencies – including the Department of Defense. This bloated Pentagon budget continues to pour money into outdated weapons systems that don’t function properly. The Department of Defense is the only federal agency that cannot pass a clean audit. Many of its major acquisition programs suffer from chronic cost overruns. Virtually every defense contractor has been found guilty or has reached a settlement with the government because of fraudulent and illegal activities. This has got to change.” 
Can we get a politifact on this one?  There are probably hundreds of companies with defense contracts.  I find it hard to believe that virtually all of them are guilty of fraud.
There is a Gas Station that the USA has built in Afganastan, nothing special, just an ordinary gas station like you find on the corner in every town, the US Govt has spend $43 million so far on this gas station. 

The Contractors are ripping us off to an unconscionable degree. And why should the care? They make $100 million on fraud, and pay a $10 million fine, leaving them with a net profit of $90 million. Seems like a good business model to me.  
The US spends almost [six times as much money on military as the next biggest country.](https://rankingamerica.files.wordpress.com/2008/12/chart-of-military-spending.jpg)

If we spent "only" five times as much as the next country we could afford tuition-free public college *twice*.
[ Federal Contractor Misconduct Database (FCMD) ](http://www.contractormisconduct.org/) 

from The Project On Government Oversight (POGO) Blog
Was this the bill Obama vetoed and told congress to cut spending on?
I'm all for having a powerful US military.  I don't mind having a large defense budget, but at the very least we need to stop spending money on things the military doesn't want.  We also need to investigate the fraud and abuse that happens at many defense contractors.  Billions of dollars are unaccounted for in the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.  A large military budget is fine as long as it goes into useful things.  If defense contractors are committing fraud, their executives should be arrested and put on trial.
I work in government negotiating acquisition contracts for major weapons systems (an 1102). I deal with top tier defense contractors every day. Fraud occurs to be certain, but the real problems go deeper. There's an incestuous relationship between defense contractors and Congress, neither of which have any motivation to fix the awful system. Deals that would take fraud to accomplish in any other industry are the rule. The entire system is set up to give them exorbitant amounts of money to undeliver over budget. It's a goddamn joke and there's nothing we can do about it. Program managers are literally incentivized to spend as much money as possible to avoid losing it from their budget the next year. Defense contractors set up shop in as many Congressional districts as possible, "create jobs" and donate just the right amount to campaign funds.  I don't give them the deal they want and someone from DC will lean on my boss's boss. It gives us zero leverage against contractors in negotiations and ensures all we can do is just beg them to fuck the American taxpayer as little as possible. 
The Paris attack will be terrible for Sanders' campaign. Hawkish Clinton and GOPpers will thrive off it.
Fucking finally, someone said it. The amount of waste/money missing needs to be talked about without having to worry about sounding "unamerican". 
So just to put this into perspective:

The US accounts for well over a third of the **GLOBAL** military expenditures. It spends over half a **trillion** dollars annually on it's military (even more at certain points during the Iraq and Afghanistan wars).

The next runner up is China, who spends around about a 5^th as much. Even when you adjust for purchasing power parity, they're well below the US in military expenditures despite accounting for a 5^th of the global population.

Who does this benefit? Not the American people. There hasn't been a major military attack by a foreign power in the lower 48 states for 200 years (unless I'm missing some exception).

I know the whole hegemony argument, and I fundamentally disagree with it. We're in no immediate danger of a major war, and in the age of nuclear superpowers, I don't think there will be one any time soon.

The fact that the US has such a large and well funded (for the most part) military is due in no small part to American jingoism. I think people are starting to realize just how bad it really is.

The military budget and healthcare budget are both completely out of control and horrifyingly inefficient (even/especially when compared to other nations). If you really want to dominate the next world war (if there will be such a thing), the best strategy would be to put most of your effort into becoming proficient at spaceflight. Conventional armies are certainly not obsolete, but they're going to be superseded at some point.

I'm going to stop now before this becomes a stump speech about how NASA should be expanded back to where it was at its peak in the 1970's or 80's (5% of federal budget).
Defense fat cats have for years used the "vote in our favor or we'll paint you as unamerican" card. The American people have nobody to blame but themselves for believing the thinly veiled lies in slanderous campaign ads to allowing this environment to fester.
I know this is the right move for the US, but I'm not going to lie, as a Canadian I'm pretty happy when you guys blow out your budget on defence.  My country refuses to keep a modern fighting force so we kinda depend on you to stop Russia from taking us over.
Virtually every defense contractor constantly drills its employees about staying within the law. But the money's too good for some employees, or they forget the rules, so they go for it. 
Corruption in the defense/intel complex is not just pervasive but entrenched and systemic.  It is present at every level of the system.

These companies lobby congress for projects DOD  does even want.  The companies overcharge, under deliver, flat out defraud, without fear repercussion.  The project managers charge their people to other contracts.  The employees go along with all of this because you are either on the bus, or off the bus, and they have families to support.  The government/DOD workers ostensibly supervising are a vital part of the corruption chain because they know lucrative jobs are waiting for them in the industry.  The recent exposure to the jlens blimp fiasco shows what is typical, not the exception.  The asshole in charge, Gen Cartright, did not go to jail, instead he was given a seat on the board of directors for company that threw away billions of our tax dollars!  That money could have been used to repair our crumbling infrastructure, feed millions of US children, or pay down the debt.  Instead it was ripped from the hands of the US citizens and given to yet another leech of a defense contractor making no one any safer in the process.

Young people could change this by voting, but recent elections have proven they are simply too lazy to bother.  And then after the fact whine online about how boomers are ruining everything.

Don't know why this bothers me so, I already got all mine and will be dead before yall finish paying off those student loans for jobs that are long since gone.

Lots of luck kiddos, you are gonna need it...
When is the last time you saw Congress threaten to yank all government contracts from a defense contractor over a mere accusation of violating the law?
Vote for him and tell your parents and friends to vote for him.
Though i'm not a supporter of Bernie i do agree with this 100%. We need to restore strength in our own military and national guard. Not mercenary groups.
War is a racket.

Source. Smedley Butler
Eh. The DOJ has vast power under the False Claims Act to extort settlements, because the penalties are downright confiscatory.  
Serious question, anybody against increased defense budget actually served in the military here? Cause I do, and I frequently don't have what I need to accomplish critical functions due to lack of funding. The answer is to Crack down on pointless shit... but hell that just makes too much sense/won't make sense to those waving pitch forks with overly idealistic world views... 
Fucking HEAR HEAR!!!  It is about goddamn time someone started speaking out against this. Our outrageous military spending is a natural symptom of allowing money into politics.  I'd love to cure that disease, but if we can begin to attack it's worst symptom, that's a start.  This is what I've been waiting to hear from Bernie. My donation will be sent by end of week, and he can now consider me a volunteer.
Good luck with that after the events in Paris. I wonder how this will shift the conversation at the debates. 
He voted against a bill that was compromised on by both parties to come to an agreement.  It contains parts that both sides don't like but concessions from both sides were made to get this passed.  That's why it was 91-3.  

Bernie is supposed to be a bipartisan/crossing party lines candidate yet votes against the most bipartisan bill to come through the Senate lately?
My sister works in LA County ISD managing county government contracts. When a contractor intentionally breaks policy they take them to debarment heard by the county supervisors. Not only can a company be banned from doing business with the county but the executives can be as well. It's extremely important part of not getting scammed. 
I will be honest. I am loving the Sanders hype. If he only does 1/100th of what he says it would be amazing. The problem is we will all vote for "Change". Why is this a problem? Because we put one guy in charge of a bunch of heavy hitting morons (both left and right) and then ask."Where is the change?" Want change... make sure you get to all the elections not just the one that "matters" because that one honestly doesn't matter if he/she doesn't have the backing. FUCK! 

I want to believe, but I also feel like I need Politifact to chime in.
I wonder how much of the massive military spending in the US is actually due to fraudulent contractors, and in general grossly overpriced deals. Does the US spending get as much bang for their buck as other countries with smaller budgets?
Can confirm. Some wires can cost us about 60$ (for a foot of it maybe less, with some pins and connector ends that we splice.)
This Bernie Sanders seems to be really shaking things up in America.

He's hard not to like; he's totally irreverent of the existing 'big money' government power structures, and seems to want to put a wrecking ball through all the bullshit that's been allowed to continue unchecked for decades.

America would do well to have Bernie Sanders as president.
But but but... if those contractors make money, eventually it'll trickle down to the poor /S
Bernie sanders ever do anything wrong? Seems Reddit worships him. Just curious 
This should be a slam dunk to sell to voters. It's not about fleecing the military, it's about eliminating waste. This is a bi-partisan issue if there ever was one.

Take *one* program as an example: The US Army Future Combat System.

[$18 billion spent. Capability delivered: ZERO.](http://spectrum.ieee.org/riskfactor/computing/it/us-army-future-combat-systems-program-formally-terminated) The program was cancelled when they realized it was hilariously unachievable. The person in charge has publicly admitted that the program never had a high chance of success.
HAHAHA coming from the guy who's supported the F-35 at literally every opportunity. 
So why did he vote for it every time until now?
I love it when people always think it's a huge "gotcha" to ask Sanders supports "How will you pay for all this magical free stuff?"

This.  This is how.  And it's so easy.  It's like they're not even trying.
"Virtually every" no way thats right. Come on Berney thats a pretty vague thing to say
I think the movie dave kinda had it right. If the contractors are failing to provide, don't pay them.
As a partial defense of these contractors, these are companies with long and extremely proud reputations that extend far outside of defense.  Examples many great civilian products of the 20th century such as delivery vans, temperature control devices, and many early computing innovation.  In the early 1990's as the cold war was ending, a secretary of defense by the name of Richard Cheney decided that there should be only a few defense contractors and those contractors should divest from their non defense businesses.  Northrop bought Grumman and many shipbuilding assets, Lockheed bought Martin Marietta, Boeing bought McDonnell Douglas, etc, etc, etc.  So today when there is a large program like a new bomber or fighter or aircraft carrier there are only 3 or 4 companies that could possibly do the work.  These are also all companies that are almost completely dependent on defense spending for their bottom line since they had to sell off their other work so no wonder there is so much fraud and illegal activity.  If we could possibly have some of the large defense work done with the SpaceX's or Google's of the world in the mix we wouldn't have as much of these issues but we have set up a system where that isn't as possible.  
Is there a fact check on this claim? It sounds kinda preposterous but I could believe it.
[Here's an interesting perspective on defense spending over multiple presidencies](https://www.americanprogress.org/issues/budget/news/2011/07/06/10041/a-historical-perspective-on-defense-budgets/).  

At most I could see the military budget go down another $150 billion from our current ~$600 billion levels.  I think $400 billion is needed to cover current costs, maintenance, necessary upgrades (not sure if I consider the F-35 part of this or not), and other costs for our bases around the globe.  With inflation and rising prices, getting into the sub-$300 billion range Clinton played with just isn't feasible, not without giving up some military power.

What I'm really waiting for is Bernie to make a statement regarding procurement or to come out with some procurement reform legislation.  I don't think he will, though.  He still supports the F-35 program, even with all its problems and wasteful overhead.   As such, I think I might be the only candidate who has publically (does reddit/twitter/fb/press releases count?) said we need procurement reform.  Booooo!
I used to create costing software for defense contractors. Specifically the little guys that contract out with companies such as lockheed, boeing, dassault, etc. Our software was designed to consistently show the costs. This results in most of my previous customers marking up their cost of goods so it doesn't look like they're just bending the government over backwords. Stuff like the salaried guys time spent on the phone bidding the contract would be calculated in a couple of times usually. 

Keep in mind he's one of their oldest employees so basically every part they processed got a 500 to 1000 cost and price increase because he bid the contract and had to ask questions to understand it.
The contractors really are the problem with the military. Shortly before I got out they were telling us our section might have to start buying our own office supplies, toilet paper, etc. Meanwhile there was endless construction and civilian projects on base while we were downsizing personnel. 
To be honest, my experience with contractors is they make BANK. aaaaand benefits. People get out of the military then rejoin as a civilian contractor. 
Defense companies are HUGE. They have millions of employees. You are bound to get fraudulent activities, whether you cut spending or not. If you cut military spending you can bet the execs will keep their jobs and the only people getting hurt are going to be the lower end employees who are going to get fired.
Don't worry. It Won't!
just like anything else in the budget, throwing money at it blindly doesn't fix anything. we could pay for so much that would help this country if we just spent more wisely. our leaders have gotten lazy, it's not easy reading bills and trimming the fat, it's not easy to hold contractors accountable, it's not easy to piss of your golf buddies that fudge the numbers or underbid the contract then run the tab up willy nilly. but it's the right thing to do, it's what they should be doing
Came here to say that I read this quote in my head with Bernie Sanders voice
Can't wait to see the Politifact on this one...
he's mixing up two things.  
It makes me sad that the only guy willing to step up and confront these issues is being beaten in the polls by a woman who will bring the exact. same. crap. that Obama has perpetuated to the next presidency. I just don't understand this.

There has never been a better time for a step to the left now that the Republican party is in complete shambles, but people apparently really want this kind of crap to continue and will vote for Clinton.
As someone not from the US I don't see how Sanders can ever become President without getting the JFK treatment.

Look at this guy, Bernie Sanders. His entire campaign is basically, "we should stop doing really evil things like letting poor people die and putting everyone in jail." And yet, American's won't get behind him because they only care about themselves.

I think that's really the problem with Americans. They aren't that stupid, they are just selfish.
Virtually every defense contractor has reached a settlement against the US Government also. His quote doesn't even say which one was found guilty.
So almost all of these are civil violations. I think this is a disingenuous title because any large corporation has gone to court for something, no matter how small the violation. You tell me a company that has never been to court over a civil matter


* Someone forgot to include a landing craft well in the USS America class

* USS San Antonio class is continually faulty

* Marines have a jeep that somehow costs a million dollars per unit  and from the posts I've seen online from Marines using them on deployment is a piece of shit that doesn't work

* the less said about the v22 and f35 the better

* all kinds of pointless cancelled things that had huge sums pumped into them like the future combat system, expeditionary fighting vehicle, rah-66, 

There's just oodles of shit going wrong.

And that's before you even question why the USA needs this in the first place.
fox news: BERNIE SANDERS IS A GODLESS UNAMERICAN SOVIET, VOTES AGAINST SUPPORTING OUR TROOPS. 
Can't change until people start voting only for politicians who sound just like Ron Paul on foreign policy. Close all foreign bases, withdraw all US troops from foreign soil, stop intervening in other countries' internal affairs, cut Israel off completely, etc etc etc. 

Btw why aren't you sounding like Ron Paul on foreign policy, Bernie? 
But vote for Hillary right? Because.... ?
Forget the private sector involvement. If he's going to run on a platform of stopping corruption and fraudulent activities, he's going to have to just shut down the whole federal government...
Saw a lot of the same old graphs that make it seems the US is spending 1/2 its money on the military again. Its mainly cause everyone just copy pastes the discretionary spending which is the whole Military budget, while ignoring that Social Security and Healthcare together are 60% of the budget, while the military is 16%.

https://www.nationalpriorities.org/budget-basics/federal-budget-101/spending/

 If you want to decrease the military spending, force the rest of NATO to not depend on us to defend them.

super crazy ballsy.  I hope he wins.
Did he really say that?  That's so incorrect it hurts.
ITT Hillary bashing
Can you please vote him in? You guys owe us millions of dollars for jet fighters you cannot deliver but I don't care as long as you guys get him to be president.  
  
Sincerely,  
An Australian.
Yup. We definitely want less spending on defense, guys. No real threats out there. And, it's not like defense isn't the main purpose of government or anything.
You know the best part of the military in this country. It's a waste of spending until you need it. 

It's like arguing about not eating. Sure you could get by without it, but eventually you will need food. You would save tons of money by not eating though. 
Dear bernard,

There are many fraudulent and illegal activities involved with Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security and many other of your favorite entities. I have a friend who is a former employee of HUD. He states that HUD is one of the most fraudulent and wasteful entities of government he has ever seen.

One must conclude you really care less about such activities and are merely shopping for votes other than doing something helpful during all of your teary years in Congress. You could fight to decrease the size and scope of government. Instead, you wish to increase the size and scope of government so no vote from me.
That's awesome Bern. Question. How well are government agencies run? Fraud free are they? Great. When you get that under control too, let me know.
Bernie says he supports lower military spending but his voting record says differently. He votes pro war more than any republican running for president. His foreign aid to Israel voting record is completely contradictory to his websites stance as well.

This is his first time ever voting against a spending increase for military and its because he is running for president.



Here are some highlights from his voting record, via votesmart.org:

In 1993, Bernie voted YEA on HR 2446 - Military Construction Fiscal Year 1994 Appropriations Bill, which provided $3.63 billion for military construction.

That same year, he also voted in favor of S J Res 45 - Authorization for Use of US Armed Forces in Somalia, which authorized President Bill Clinton to use US troops in Somalia for the purpose of providing logistical support to the United Nations peacekeeping force.

In 1994, Bernie voted in favor of HR 4453 - Military Construction FY95 Appropriations bill, which provided $2.52 billion for military construction.

To his credit, Bernie voted in 1995 for H Res 247 - Bosnia Troop Deployment Resolution, which expressed the intention of the United States to withhold the use of ground forces in the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina and to require approval from Congress before any ground forces are deployed. Yet, as later votes would show, Bernies opposition to ground forces doesnt necessarily mean opposition to overall military intervention.

The following year, Bernie voted in favor of HR 3107 - Iran and Libya Sanctions Act of 1996, which "imposes sanctions on persons exporting certain goods or technology that would enhance Irans ability to explore for, extract, refine, or transport by pipeline petroleum resources, and for other purposes."

In 1997, Bernie voted for HR 2159 - Foreign Operations FY98 Appropriations bill, which included: $3 billion for Israel, including $1.8 billion in military assistance and $1.2 billion in economic assistance; $2.12 billion for Egypt, including $1.3 billion in military assistance and $815 million in economic assistance; $770 million for former Soviet Republics; and $215 million for international narcotics control and law enforcement.

He also voted for HR 4059 - Military Construction FY99 Appropriations bill, which provided $2.82 billion for general military construction.

In 1998, Bernies name was included as a YEA vote on HR 4655, the Iraqi Liberation Act of 1998, which expressed the sense of Congress that it should be the aim of the United States to remove Saddam Hussein from power. President George W. Bush later used the Iraqi Liberation Act to provide justification for military action for the 2003 invasion.

In 1999, Bernie voted for HR 2465, which provided $4 billion for military construction, and he voted for HR 3196, which provided: $2.16 billion for military and economic assistance to Israel; $760 million for military and economic assistance to Egypt; $535 million for Eastern European and the Baltic States, including $150 million for assistance to Kosovo; $300 million for military and economic assistance to Jordan; and $285 million for international narcotics control.

Writes Ron Jacobs of Counter Punch,3/31/2003:

"For those of us with a memory longer than the average US news reporter, we can remember Bernies staunch support for Clintons 100-day bombing of Yugoslavia and Kosovo in 1999. I served as a support person for a dozen or so Vermonters who sat-in in his Burlington office a couple weeks into that war. Not only did Sanders refuse to talk with us via telephone (unlike his Vermont counterparts in the Senate-Leahy and Jeffords), he had his staff call the local police to arrest those who refused to leave until Sanders spoke with them. The following week Sanders held a town hall meeting in Montpelier, VT., where he surrounded himself with sympathetic war supporters and one university professor who opposed the war and Bernies support for it. During the question and answer part of the meeting, Sanders yelled at two of the audiences most vocal opponents to his position and told them to leave if they didnt like what he had to say."

In 2001, Bernie supported HR 1954, which extended the Iran-Libya Sanctions Act of 1996.

Following the 9/11 attacks, Bernie voted in favor of H J Res 64 - Authorization for Use of Military Force, which allowed President Bush to use the United States Armed Forces against anyone involved with 9/11 and any nation that harbors these individuals.

It should be noted that this measure was passed by an overwhelming vote of 420-1. Even the passionately anti-interventionist Ron Paul supported HJ Res 64.

In 2002, Bernie voted against H J Res 114, which authorized President Bush to use military force against Iraq.

However, he would continue to support bloated military defense bills that would ultimately be used to sustain the war he allegedly disagreed with.

In 2003, Bernie supported HR 5010, which provided $355.1 billion in appropriations for the Defense Department for fiscal year 2003 - an increase of $37.5 billion from 2002 - as well as: $71.6 billion for procurement of aircraft, missiles, weapons, combat vehicles and shipbuilding; $7.4 billion for ballistic missile defense; and $58.4 million for foreign aid, which includes humanitarian assistance, foreign disaster relief and de-mining programs.

He also voted in favor of HR 2800 - Foreign Operations Appropriations, FY 2004 bill, which granted $1.8 billion in military and economic assistance to Egypt and $2.2 billion for Israeli military assistance.

In 2004, Bernie supported HR 4613, which allocated $25 billion for emergency defense spending for operations in Iraq and Afghanistan, and $77.4 billion for the procurement of new weapons.

In 2005, Sanders supported HR 2863 - Defense Department FY2006 Appropriations Bill, which provided $50 billion for ongoing operations in Iraq and Afghanistan.

In 2006, Bernie voted for HR 5631, which provided $70 billion for ongoing operations in Iraq and Afghanistan.

In 2007, he supported HR 1585 - National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008, which granted $187.14 billion for Iraq and Afghanistan operations.

In 2009, he voted in favor of HR 2647, which authorized $309 million for research and evaluation, procurement, or deployment of an alternative Missile Defense System in Europe, and also allowed the Secretary of Defense to increase the active-duty number for the US Army to a number greater than otherwise allowed by law up to the 2010 baseline plus 30,000 troops.

During the same year, he called closing the torturous gulag at Guantanamo a "complicated issue" and ultimately rejected a proposal to shut it down.

In 2011, Bernie co-sponsored S. Res. 85, which urged the UN Security Council to take action to protect civilians in Libya from attack, including the possible imposition of a no-fly zone over Libyan territory.

In 2014, Bernie came out in favor of levying economic sanctions (an act of war) against Russia: "The entire world has got to stand up to Putin," he said. "Weve got to deal with sanctions."

Bernie also didnt object to having his name included - by unanimous consent - in S.498, which backed Israels brutal, summer-long military assault against Gaza.

Some time after, Bernie was berated by his supporters at a town hall meeting for supporting Israel, an exchange that included Sanders screaming at the audience to "shut up" and threatening them with police force.

Later that year, Bernie came out in favor of airstrikes against ISIS. He is also in favor of shipping armaments to the Kurds in Iraq for the purpose of fighting off terror groups, a failed strategy that the Obama administration implemented with the Syrian "rebels" some years prior. "I think we should arm them," Sanders said during a CNN interview. "Even thats a difficult issue - to make sure that the people that we arm today dont turn against us tomorrow. But I think providing arms for those people who we can trust and providing air support is in fact something we should be doing."



You can downvote me but then your just admitting to yourself you are voting for a lying old rich asshole because he helps you signal about how progressive you are.


Rand Paul &amp; Trump are the only Anti-War candidates running for president. Marco Rubio &amp; Bernie Sanders wanna destroy all arab nations with more wars for Israel &amp; move every displaced muslim into America.


Its understandable he supports Israel he is a Jew afterall but for him to defend Israels wars &amp; claim to be anti war I have a problem with.
Oh just shut up already, Bernie, you're embarrassing yourself.
Mr.Sanders is one a handful of politicians that actually work for the American people. 
Fire the rest of the traitors and throw them in prison. 
Look at the government building a $500,000 gas station that cost $43,000,000.
US military spending = The rights acceptable welfare
So we're just posting Bernie Sanders news releases now?
/r/Politics front page: 1 war post, 1 lobbying post, 1 abortion post, 1 immigration post, 1 police post, 1 9/11 post, 1 Utah post, 1 Obamacare post, 2 Hillary posts, 6 Bernie Sanders posts, 9 posts bashing Republicans. This is why everyone makes fun of /r/Politics
I feel bad for all the people that will lose their jobs because of reduced government funding. 
Funny considering the amount of times he's voted in favor of defense spending in the past. 
Bernie is a man of the people!
I hope he gets crushed in the primaries by the hillary because it looks like that's  what's happening
With everything going on in France I don't think that's what people want to hear.
Then after 60 die is Paris terrorist attacks.... He would show himself to be weak if voted president.
Rand Paul does most of the things Bernie does.  He just cares about the budget. Engage down votes now!
That's not even remotely close to accurate. Every defense contractor works absurdly hard to avoid breaking any laws or regulations, because getting caught doing it with malice can lead to being black listed - which would kill the business. 

It's basic business. Manage risk. Why take the chance of sinking the whole company for a good quarter or year? That would be absurdly stupid from a business standpoint. 
Yeah Sanders and Paul have no idea how the military budget works. At least Clinton is being more responsible about it. 

They better not touch R&amp;D. 
Can't wait till Bernie loses.  Your tears are going to taste so damn good.
We spend more on our military than the next six nations combined.

We use this military to fight groups with no air force, no army, no access to the weapons and technology we have, etc. And we pretend like its too much for our military to handle, so they need more money

The war on terror was never meant to be won, just like The War on Drugs. 

Right on Bernie - the military spending in the US needs to be seriously slashed.  That money could be going towards so many other things that would pay off in so many ways in the future (education, infrastructure, alternative energy research and implementation, etc.).
Thank god there's someone with sense. 
OMGGGGGG YOU GUYS ARE SOOOOOOO ANNOYYYYYIIIINNNNG.

Every. Single. Time. I open a thread to read some intelligent discussion I immediately see "HILLARY SUCKS SHE HATES WEED AND SHE'S A CORPORATE HO"

Can you seriously not talk about anything else? The article is about BERNIE SANDERS. TALK ABOUT BERNIE SANDERS FOR FUCKS SAKE.

But I presume this all stems from your fear of tonight's debate, in which foreign policy is going to be the #1 issue because of France, and Bernie is just going to look like a fool next to Clinton, who's biggest strength is foreign policy. CAN'T WAIT! :D
The more I hear about this man the more I hate him
For some context--[Halliburton, KBR, and Iraq War Contracting: A History So Far](http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2010/jun/09/arianna-huffington/halliburton-kbr-and-iraq-war-contracting-history-s/)

&gt; Halliburton sold KBR in 2007. Halliburton officials said KBR's war contracts weren't adding much to the oil company's profits. The same year, Halliburton opened a "second headquarters" (their words) in Dubai, in the United Arab Emirates, to emphasize its identity as a worldwide oil services company. But Halliburton did own KBR during the height of KBR's activities in Iraq. The Department of Justice fraud lawsuit specifically stipulates that KBR was overcharging between 2003 and 2006, years that Halliburton owned the company.

*Pretty convenient to sell them when you're facing charges.*

Again, from the article:

&gt; And we'll also stipulate that there is a mountain of evidence that many American companies profited off of the government's inefficient contracting system during the rebuilding of Iraq.


This is the context of the war in the Middle East--not "moralism"--money.

[Another Source](http://www.ibtimes.com/winner-most-iraq-war-contracts-kbr-395-billion-decade-1135905)

Again, Halliburton argued KBR wasn't pulling in enough money to drop them while facing criminal charges from their actions, while this happened: 


&gt; The company was given **$39.5 billion in Iraq-related contracts over the past decade**, with many of the deals given without any bidding from competing firms, such as a $568-million contract renewal in 2010 to provide housing, meals, water and bathroom services to soldiers, a deal that led to a Justice Department lawsuit over alleged kickbacks, as reported by Bloomberg.

[It's essentially this.](http://cfs15.tistory.com/image/34/tistory/2009/02/24/18/37/49a3bfed44c2c)

Considering the other article making it to the Front Page today, http://www.thenation.com/article/how-much-does-it-cost-to-liberate-a-country/, I can't agree with this enough. I am really sick of the way contractors get away with billions without providing any service, or worse, causing harm and dysfunction in an already volatile place as the Middle East.
[deleted]
I feel like there's a lot of better reasons that that they misappropriate money...  How about the fact that we don't need to fight the entire world with our military?  Or that we don't need to redevelop our planes when we already have the fastest ones in the world.  Or that we don't need to have bases in virtually every country in the world.  Or the fact that we don't need to be the world police force as the UN is already in existence and we don't need to unilaterally dominate the world.  Or that terrorism is a form of public scare mongering to give politicians power and control and not a true threat to Americans.  
Decrease defense budget, increase NASA budget.
We should just tell the GOP that's there's a group of "minorities" who are defrauding US taxpayers through fraud and illegal actions, and show them the amounts    


Once we get an outraged response, that's when we let it slip that they're defense contractors and heartily agree to whatever draconian punishments the GOP dreamt up.

Maybe they could drug test defense contractors as a condition of getting a government contract, like they tried in Florida on welfare recipients ?
OK but defense spending covers a lot more than the shitty military contractors. There are are actual armed forces personnel to pay and take care of. And while I'd be happy to see some reduction in force size (as has been happening) there is still a need to pay the remaining people (sometimes more than you have in the past). 
Yeah, and every sector of the government has had instances of fraud or abuse. Why does the public sector get a free pass? Do they have a monopoly on dysfunction?
Sanders weak on terrorism
Let me add a sensible viewpoint agreeing to this as well as other subjects in today's political discourse.  

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CWiIYW_fBfY
Bernie waited 30 years and now he's playing the hits. 
So wouldn't the government be complicit in these crimes?

Kind of explains why nobody in either the public or private sector is being held accountable.

(Aside from all that, let's not forget that Sanders voted for intervention in Syria. He likes to talk the talk, but I never see him doing the walk.)
rip sanders watchout for stealth drones from lockheed martin t.t
As someone who works for BAE, a company that built HAARP: I am very conflicted....
Bernie votes to decrease military spending... Unless it's for useless F35s in Burlington at $181 million a pop.
This is the kind of reason why Sanders should win. This is the kind of reason why Sanders won't win. 
A goddamn INCREASE? Jesus fucking christ, the fucking war boner in this country is goddamn ridiculous. We already spend more on defense than the entire civilized world combined... why the FUCK do we need an increase? 
You guys are gonna be so salty when he doesn't get the nomination. 
ruh roh raggy. We're "changing" again.
POP Quiz.

Take the number of defense contractors that been found guilty or has reached a settlement with the government because of fraudulent and illegal activities. That = X.

Take the number of politicians who have been been found guilty or has reached a settlement with the government because of fraudulent and illegal activities. That = Y.

Question: Which is greater then the other? (X or Y)

Spoiler ( Y ).

Or empty self serving pandering political statements are empty self serving pandering political statements.
file this under "things that get you assassinated" 
Every candidate does this, campaign on promises of all these things that they are going to change when and if they get elected. Then they get elected, and they get THAT briefing on how things really work.....and that is why it never changes. But we continue to fall for it every time. 
Granted! Time to vote in people who will defund the anti-fraud investigations and DOJ, except in the case of Hilldawg and B-rock "The Islamic Shock" Hussein "Superallah" Obama!
the terrorist attacks in france prove that a lower militru budget is what it is needed, but according to sanders the terrorists wee right in what they did..so
Yet his voting record until now has been pro war and pro war spending. 


Isn't government spending good? It puts money in people's pockets. You can't have it both ways
So what Bernie Sanders is saying is that if an institution or an organization fails or even is found to have been conducting illegal activities, then they should be given MORE money? Am I understanding this right? Could anyone pitch in here? Reddit?
change... change... sounds familiar.
Probably not a good time to have said that
Honest question.....After this Hellish night in Paris, do we still want to close Guantanamo Bay and let these terrorists run free? 
Want to make us more of a socialist nation like Europe, Bernie? That experiment is unfolding in
real time. Sounds like a great path!
Why does military spending need cutting? As someone who isnt an american nor who lives in the us, I welcome us military interventionism and hegemony. If the U.S doesnt reign supreme some other country will.

Bernie Sanders, fragrant yet disruptive policies will surely result in a power vacuum that both Russia and China will undoubtedly fill, with the help of american corporations who seek to maintain their foothold and influence.

If you want to continue to live in a stable and progressive world, vote Hilary.
Bernie Sander's leaves out an important detail: these contracts are with the government, the government that he wants to expands. Based on his argument, they are incompetent to manage this much money, and he should decrease their funding or recommend some firings (but of course he won't)
Well the Paris attack just showed how silly of an idea that is.
With every report like this a Reddit posts, I'm more convinced that Bernie Sanders is the left's answer to Ron Paul. Not Rand Paul, who tries to tone his message down to moderates. Ron Paul, who's been spouting unfiltered Objectivism for just as long, if not longer. 

Like Ron Paul, Sanders is also a broken record. He's been spouting the same Guevarian influenced socialist rhetoric for 40 years without once acknowledging that it doesn't work in the real world setting. 
We really need to cut defense spending. It is awful what happened to France but America isn't the world's police. They can handle their own issues.
Just what we need. A weaker defense.Defense spending should be increased not decreased.I don't see how anybody in this day and age can actually say that.Defense should be our top priority.What a looney tune!
how low do you want military spending to be? with a resurgent Russia and a rising china, defense spending needs to be increased or at least stuck at the current 3.3% of GDP
I really want this quote from a 2011 Clinton email to become an issue when we talk about foreign policy and the Middle East:

&gt;"It's time for the United States to start thinking of Iraq as a business opportunity," she said in a 2011 speech.

&gt;The quote was included in an email released by the State Department on Wednesday that specifically mentioned JPMorgan and Exxon Mobil. JPMorgan was selected by the U.S. government to run a key import-export bank in Iraq and in 2013 announced plans to expand its operations in the country. Exxon Mobil signed a deal to redevelop Iraqi oil fields. JPMorgan has collectively paid the Clintons and the Clinton Foundation at least $450,000 for speeches, and Exxon Mobil has donated over $1 million to the family’s foundation.

* http://www.ibtimes.com/campaign-2016-hillary-clinton-pitched-iraq-business-opportunity-us-corporations-2121999

Also, I think this video should be shared with those who mistakenly aren't confident in Bernie's understanding of foreign policy due to his focus on domestic economic issues:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NdFw1btbkLM
So we intentionally destabilized the area, and then left.  That usually doesn't work out.  If you intentionally destabilize an area, you should stay there until it's stable.  I don't think we should have gone there, but once we had, we shouldn't have pulled back as soon as we did.
I have no doubt that History will judge the GWB presidency very harshly, and the Iraq Invasion will be a big part of that.  
Hardly a blunder... Rather a well calculated investment by the military industrial complex to sustain government spending on the war machine for years to come... Look no further than Russia's track record in the region in the 80's and they had a plan
I would argue that Vietnam was a far larger foreign policy blunder.
How do we not learn? It wasn't like this was our first go at this. 
You can't argue with Sanders on this.  But the question we should ask is why Obama wants to repeat that mistake and over throw Assad.  Doing the same thing twice hoping for a different result is insane.  The media really should call out Obama's love affair with the Muslim Brotherhood.  They are ISIS lite.
"Blunder"? The invasion of the middle-east is achieving exactly what it was meant to do - put leaders in place who the west can control. 

The last 14 years have been the most profitable for oil and arms dealers in the West! 
Frankly for me, an older libby lib, it seemed like the right idea at the time. We were going to assemble a coalition of the free world and take down a ruthless dictator with an entrenched lineage of torturing psychopaths. My feeling was very hopeful, that is was the start of a world wide advance toward freedom and democracy. It was the disbanding of the Army that proved to be the foreseeable blunder. And underestimating the protracted nature of Muslim tribalism.
I love Bernie, don't get me wrong, but I'm kinda getting tired of his "All Americans agree with me that..." prefix to nearly everything he says. It's shallow pandering and even if I agree with him a lot of times, I know it's just not true.
He said this last debate too. 
Wish he would say it more firmly. "I don't think any sensible person would disagree that...." is soft. He could delete it and not only still be right but sound adamant like he should.
Not finishing the job was the bigger blunder once we got in that deep. Instead we left it half finished, held an election then ISIS, now back to the beginning.
Without doubt the [Most Expensive]( https://www.nationalpriorities.org/cost-of/war/  ). 
That's great, Bernie.

But, now what? We can't UNDO it.
Pretty sure Christopher Hitchens would, he supported the Iraq war until his death.
If I could have described that whole debate with one word it would be "Rudderless." None of the candidates looked like they knew where the hell they wanted to take US foreign policy. Hillary sounded the most knowledgeable but if you put a gun to my head I couldn't tell you what the hell she was trying to say. O'Malley just tried to contrast himself against Clinton juuuust enough so he'd be a viable VP choice. And Sanders regurgitation of left-wing platitudes is becoming so tired and grating that he's starting to look like a candidate without any actual ideas, just ideology.
10,000 children died in that war. There's 20,000 parents who hate the west right there. 90,000 civilian adults died in that war. You think their families are thinking: "Thanks for the freedom" ??
I must agree with Sanders here - we should have never gone to Iraq.
[deleted]
Yeah, because the Middle East was just such a bastion of stability and peace before 2003.
Possibly splitting hairs but the invasion was a great success, it was the comets absence of a post-invasion plan that was the disaster. 
While I don't at all disagree with the quote, it's worth noting that there's a lot more behind Daesh than just the war in Iraq (for example, when Bill Clinton abandoned Afghanistan, effectively putting the Taliban in power and allowing al Qaeda to grow indefinitely).  It's also worth recognizing that Daesh's existence in Syria is completely independent of the Iraq war -- it's impossible to know what the middle east would look like without the War in Iraq, but the birth of the Islamic State was not at all a direct consequence of Iraq.
The roots of ISIS can be traced right to the Bush 2 administration.  The roots of Al Quida can be traced right to the Bush 1 and Regan administrations.  The roots for the radicalization of the middle east can be traced directly to the Balkanization of the Middle East by Great Britain in the 1800's and the creation of Israel after WWII.

If you keep fucking around in places where you have a culture of rabid tribalization, vengance based violent religions, low education and a huge divide between the very wealthy and the rest of society, yeah, you are going to reap exactly what we are reaping.  

That whole part of the world should just be cordoned off as a "No Go" zone and let them sort their issues out with rocks and sticks.   We have better things to do.
Came here to talk about Sen Sanders's comment. Sadly all Hillary talk.

I love Bernie. I want him to win. I fear his initial success may have attracted to many campaign professionals that know how to run a proper campaign.  Anyway, good to see people getting blasted for that mess finally.
Right on, Bernie.  Now what will you do about it as POTUS?
Thanks, Captain Obvious. 
And now we're about to do it again but in Syria
I'm enjoying the conservatives bringing up policy points AFTER the secular Saddam Hussein was removed from power. Could the Middle East be facing the same issues if Hussein had remained? - Possibly, but what conservatives in these posts are ducking is the fact that removing Hussein, the military, and police from power and thus getting rid of any semblance of order in Iraq has directly lead to everything that has happened since (and I won't bother to mention how certain Republicans like McCain and Rumsfield swore there were no sectarian issues between the Sunnis and Shiites).
The policy blunder was trying to help Muslims with nation building.    Go in, get the guy who ordered missiles to be fired at our F16s and refused WMD inspections and get out.    No nation building.    Completely overestimated the resolve and ability of Muslims to build a peaceful civilization.  
how come there doesn't seem to be any videos of the debate?

Although I don't support Bernie for president, he is correct. It was a terrible idea to go into Iraq. But it's all about special interests in Washington. Now look at Iraq. Is it better than it was before the US military went in there? Of course not. When was the last time the US left a country better off than they were before US military went in? Peace sells, but who's buying?
I think that Partitioning the Ottomans was a bigger mistake for the international community. It displaced palestinians, created Israel, and created colonies for Britain and France.

I agree with Bernie that we shouldn't have gone into Iraq. In my ideal world, we would never mess with that region. Hindsight is 20-20 though...
The people that forced the war on the American people went there to make money, and they succeeded.

They knew the war would accomplish nothing, they knew it would make the problem worse, they knew it would leave the region in shambles and they just didn't care.

War is a great way to turn tax dollars into private fortunes, and that's exactly what happened / is happening.
Other than electing Bush-Cheney to handle foreign policy, it was the worst.  The War on Drugs and War on Terror being a close second and third.  Failures all the way around.
Aw fuck - is this an actual Bernie quote? The Mideast has been a powder keg for centuries, and anyone with half a brain cell knows it :(
Calling the death of several hundreds of thousand civilians a "blunder". Only in Murica.
Hate to say I told you so. I remember (together with other Europeans) protesting against the invasion of Iraq. There was a reason why a lot of countries opposed it. Next time, please think twice!
Fucking right. Also it led directly to ISS, which is not good. 
Captain Hindsight to the rescue!
Wow didn't think Bernie had a foreign policy stance seeing as how it's never mentioned. First issue I've agreed with him on. Very well put senator.
It's so easy to talk about the negative consequences of the Iraq war. It's much harder to begin a sentence with "keeping the genocidal Baath party in power would have been preferable because..."
To listen to Bernie, you'd never know a Democrat had been President for the last 7 years.
Is the withdraw from Iraq justified by the invasion of Iraq? Assuming that going into Iraq was bad, was leaving while knowing what would happen justified? 
we liberated iraq but then left and gave the keys to the inmates, yeah id be pissed at the west too 
It's kind of amazing that the Bush team went from a known position of caging Saddam (and no-fly zone) to "they'll be greeting us as liberators (so we don't need an exit strategy)".

I agree with Bernie. Biggest blunder in US history.
True, but that didn't stop Bernie from approving funding for it, or the interventions in Syria or Kosovo. Those places aren't too stable either.
I hope people stop acting like Hillary is the only Democrat running. 
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mass_graves_in_Iraq
As much as I like Bernie, this is a decision which is really more one of ethics then off stability. Its just like the arab spring, do we as the western world accept that dictators provide stability in the region or do we actually put our money where our mouths are and back attempts of independence and democracy. Now i am not arguing that the way it was done was right but the reason for doing it is completely justifiable.
Our entire history in that area is one giant clusterfuck of blunders.
The United States is under 250 years old.  All history of the United States is the modern history of the United States.
It's refreshing to hear a politician with the guts to say that! For the entire GOP it's not "politically correct" to mention W's failures.
Many of us knew all this, back when it was happening.
It has been building up much longer then that.  The USA did help to place Saddam Hussein after all.  Al-Qaeda?  Yea we had a hand in that as well.  Heck, we had such a hand in it, if you go back and watch Rambo 3, you can see Rambo saying how he has to go help Al-Qaeda.

That was all in the 1980's, Reagan years.  It doesn't matter whether it was a Dem or Repub, we have been carrying on the same polices for resource control for a very long time now.

“I spent 33 years and four months in active military service and during that period I spent most of my time as a high class muscle man for Big Business, for Wall Street and the bankers. In short, I was a racketeer, a gangster for capitalism. I helped make Mexico and especially Tampico safe for American oil interests in 1914. I helped make Haiti and Cuba a decent place for the National City Bank boys to collect revenues in. I helped in the raping of half a dozen Central American republics for the benefit of Wall Street. I helped purify Nicaragua for the International Banking House of Brown Brothers in 1902-1912. I brought light to the Dominican Republic for the American sugar interests in 1916. I helped make Honduras right for the American fruit companies in 1903. In China in 1927 I helped see to it that Standard Oil went on its way unmolested. Looking back on it, I might have given Al Capone a few hints. The best he could do was to operate his racket in three districts. I operated on three continents.” 

Major General Smedly Butler
Notice how when the usa commits war crimes and crimes against humanity causing the deaths of  millions they are called; blunders,  errors, mistakes and with a 'oops let's move on,whitewash,sweep it under the rug', mentality? 
We Never Should Have Left Iraq

A U.S. military presence could have mollified Sunnis and prevented the new civil war.http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/politics/2014/06/iraq_sunnis_and_shiites_the_u_s_should_never_have_withdrawn_its_troops_in.html
The last candidate to say this sort of thing and get a good amount of attention for it was Ron Paul, and we all know how that ended. Bernie is literally on the other end of the spectrum though... I'm glad he's speaking his mind and I agree with him on almost everything, but I almost wish he could just stay a little quiet on this topic.
so be pissed at Bush for starting it with the majority behind him or Obama for bringing the troops back and creating the vaccuum?
Sadaam was a supporter of pan arabism and so was gaddafhi. The US and Europe are protecting the Arabian oil fields from being nationalized or controlled by people who will not allow them access to that oil. 
Sadaam fucked up when he invaded Kuwait and Bush 1 got the green light to fight Sadaam but the American people stopped Bush 1 from invading Iraq which he wanted to do to take out Sadaam and damage the pan Arab movement which could have taken the Saudis out of power which could cut off the US and Europe's supply of oil. 
Bush 2 needed an excuse to Invade Iraq but to start that war would be too obvious so he had the saudis hire osama to recruit some fools to blow up the twin towers so he could use that to fear monger the US citizens into starting a war in a muslim country. 
Once the ball was rolling Bush 2 invaded Iraq no one batted an eyelash and now flash forward to today. The US and Europe have taken out 7 muslim countries governments and destabilized the people. 
Why? So that the Oil can be accessed. ISIS sells a ton of cheap oil to countries who in turn smuggle that into Europe and the US. The fighting factions in Libya sell oil for cheap and same thing, some of that ends up in Europe and America. 
On the other side of things is Iran and Russia, whos economies depend on oil exportation. The reason Russia and Iran want to gain control in the region is to install leaders who will not give Western Europe and the US access to that oil or make them charge the US and Europe and the world more for that oil. So Russia and Iran can sell more oil for more money. Just the fact that the oil is being sold cheaply regardless of what country it is sold to it still hurts the Russian and Iranian oil sales. So even if the US and Western Europe pull out of the middle east completely Iran and Russia will move in and rape everything and they will be fighting the Saudis directly. Now I agree the Saudis are not the best people in the world but the Arabian people should decide to keep them or remove them from power not Europe Russia Iran or the US.
Basically the Arabian peole are being held hostage and forced to fight each other by the entire world for the oil that lies under the land they live on.﻿
It wasn't a foreign policy blunder. It was direct play to gain control of oil reserves.  Everything else was propaganda. 
I completely agree with Sanders on this. ISIS is George W. Bush's "Frankenstein" and was then released by Obama when Baghdadi was set loose.
One thing I can agree with him on. 
A sane person would not start wars. A sane country does not start wars.
in 2013 there had been over half a million civilians killed... what the bloody fuck did they think would happen?
Sanders did vote for more funding in the Iraq war. 
Most of US history is modern by almost every other major countries standards...

The US tends to not do so well in isolated regional conflicts...militaries are mostly built for state v state warfare 
The trillions of dollars lost and innumerable deaths are okay because she admits that she made a mistake.  More importantly, Bernie doesn't want to hold gun manufacturers accountable!
It could also be said that WWI had the same effect in the Middle East.  
Saddam actually used WMDs though. Appeasing him would have been a worse blunder. 

I like bernie but if wishes were strawberries, the kurds would still have died.
Yes it was a mistake but what are you going to about it is the real question.
Bern it up or burn it down.
Well thanks Mr. Obvious. 
I don't know even now its really hard to say getting rid of those former Soviet sponsored dictators and their aging stockpiles of Russian weapon systems was a bad idea.
Agree
Blunder is nice word for "war crimes".

How Bush, Blair and their people can live with themselves is the real mystery. 
I wouldn't call it a bug, I'd call it a feature.  Of the best possible options in terms of limiting terrorism this was up there.  The best, of course, would have been a stable democracy where everyone loves each other and there are free puppies for all, but that was a long shot.  The second would have been separate stable states that didn't provoke the others.  And somewhere in the mix is that they are so worried about control that continue to fight each other and forget about terrorism outside of their region.  While that certainly isn't quite the case, their main focus has been in Syria and Iraq.
The one mistake we made in Iraq was trying to bring Democracy to the country.  We should have removed Saddam and then installed another dictator that works for the US. That's the way we did things back before the 1970s.

You have 3 choices regarding countries in the Middle East.

1) A ruthless dictator that works for the US?

2) A ruthless dictator that works for Russia/China?

3) Chaos

Take your pick.
...join the team Bernie.  Another brain buster from Bernie.
The GOP needs to watch this and learn how to actually DISCUSS AN ISSUE in a debate...
If we are talking sensible we aren't talking politics Bernie. 
Who cares. Made billions. Prolly had sex too. 
He did vote to authorize funds to support, both, the Iraq and Afghanistan war...
I would disagree only because it served as a part of it. The rest is people being fed up with the governments they live under hogging all of the economic benefits of their resources. Not to mention the governments the US and allies support. You also have the failed Arab Spring and the Green Revolution. 

In addition, you have regional power brokers that often opt for short-term political security over the interests of their own people. 

At most the US is responsible for creating hundreds of thousands of terrorists through our drone warfare program. 

However, blaming the Iraq invasion demonstrates a huge problem with US policy and understanding of the Middle East. Just like the invasion of Iraq did.
Whoa, Reddit. 

Every top comment in every Paris thread yesterday was violence mongering and ready to go to war, why the sudden change of heart? 
This quote isn't completely wrong, but let's not act as if other previous actions in history, by both the United States and others, haven't been what lead to this instability.
THANK YOU! :D
Well, he's not wrong.
In other news, water is wet, and the sky is still blue.
he says some smart stuff i have to give it to him
Yes it was at first. However we remain there 70 years later for other reasons.
Please make him president 
Yes the Arab Spring, the Instability of the Civil War in Syria and difference in culture groups vs European drawn borders are far less impactful than the US war in Irqa. The centuries old fight between Sunnis and Shites has in no way had a major effect on why ISIS, a primarily Sunni organization chewed through the Sunni parts of Irqa only to be stopped when they hit the Shite forces and miltia's in the eastern part of the country.
Should have let the Iraq military run things like most countries do after they conquer it..we put them all out of a job and then it's been a shitstorm since because we naively thought we could make Iraq like America...
We had some good objectors at the time. Chris Hedges for example was middle-eastern correspondend of the NY Times for 15 years and was a awarded a Pullitzer price for his coverage, but ended up fired when he held a speech at a college about how bad the Iraq occupation will turn out (this was mid 2003 when the official war was won with minimal casualties and the occupation just began).

The audience start booing him, singing "God Bless America", and had him escorted off the stage. [Here's the video (the speech is cut in at 1:08).](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BAmkMndtH24)
It could've been treated differently, but everyone wanted blood after 9/11.
I for one think this goes back as far as the Iran hostage crisis during Carters admin. He did right by not negotiating with terrorists. By some "miracle" they were released during Reagan's  inauguration. I see that as highly suspect . Fast forward to the Iran /Contra trials. Reagan was on the stand over questions dealing with arming other countries that were linked to terrorism to which he "didn't recall" . During this time militants in Afghanistan were fighting Russia as well. We trained these men in gorilla warfare to "stop  the tide of communism ".  It wouldn't have taken much for Bush to piss these people off and cause an attack here at home. Thus causing a war with who he wanted in the middle east. (I could be wrong , this is just how I see things)   Edit: my Bush was too small.
Yes we literally created ISIS. The debathification of Iraq was the harbinger.
I'll just leave this upvote... right, here.
I agree, but I'm tired of talking about it.  We've been talking about how bad it was for a long time now.  I want to hear about how to handle things like ISIS going forward.
Paul and Trump are also isolationists.
Trump thinks the same.
Fischer got it right ... while being in office

https://youtu.be/CpuN-yM1sZU?t=64

https://youtu.be/_k_QbpFl7RM
9/11, as bad as it was, was no where near as bad as the Iraqi War and its aftermath. Paris is also a very sad situation. War mongers are once again beating the drums wanting us to engage militarily in Syria and whereever ISIS, the new Al Quada, might be found. Remember 9/11 and Iraq.
Pushing the debate below to its final conclusion:

"The last capitalist will sell us the rope to hang him."

Lenin
Hindsight is 20/20. The real question is what would Bernie do about it now?
"worst foreign policy blundahs"
I think the problem has its roots further than that, when Iraq was created as a secular state out of 9 different tribes/sects. The invasion always absolutely a destabilizing factor but some of the problems were created in the aftermath of ww2, when the west redraw the maps. I get this perspective from reading Kaplan's The Arabists, a book about western fetishization by UK and us ambassadors of the region.
He's right on the money. BERNIE 2016!!!
I like Bernie and I like him out of all of the other candidates... But hindsight is 20/20 and I think this is just an easy statement to make to play on the current feelings. 
It was probably the worst foreign policy blunder in the *entire* history of the United States. Vietnam didn't have nearly the long-term, global impact. 12 years later we're being forced to come to terms with just how much of a shitstorm the Iraq invasion has caused.
I dont think any sensible person would disagree that taking in MILLIONS of muslims DE-stabilizes the very homes of the people who let them in

thats like a war at HOME and is far more bullshit

the middle-east is a POWDER KEG that WANTS to come undone - the only solution is leave that shit alone, and absolutely do NOT bring that shit to me
I'm a Sanders supporter but boy captain hindsight is at it again.
And yet we've held no one accountable for that.  WTF America.
Remove presidential immunity and try Bush for war crimes. 
No... the withdrawal led to the massive level of instability. The US was doing a pretty good job of keeping the tribes and factions at the table. This doesn't make any sense at face value. ISIS, al Qaeda, etc. weren't formed during the US occupation. Groups like those sprung up after we left.

I understand everything Bernie says is gospel to you people, but understand he might as well have said you didn't get food poisoning from the bad potato, you got it because you decided to go out to eat.

EDIT: Mistyped. I meant to say weren't, not were. Threw off the entire meaning.
Jeb can fix it! /s

This fucking guy is right on point. 
World.  History of the world.
If not the invasion, it was the decision to pull out without a stable military in place. We created a vacuum that isis has filled. 
Bush 43: Our nation's absolute worst president since WW2.
ISIS came from syria too

the BLUNDER is whats happening, and continuing to happen, TODAY - not in some past that can never be changed
can anyone link me to a video of the entire debate, streamed or torrent is fine

But he has a point. Even if you believe Iraq was justified, the US could have handled it a little bit better.
It's only a 'blunder' if you think they didn't predict expect and want this outcome.
we really really need the Democrats to talk about how terrible our actions in Libya were. Obama has to take responsibility too
yeah, but we really hated that one guy.
We'll, duh!
...and that's why he's continuously voted to fund it. 

The least stinkiest pile of shit is still shit. 
I finally agree with Sanders!!! Oh and pot please.
Oh, sure, but when Chafee says it no one gives a damn!
"Nobody could argue that the world isn't a safer place with Saddam Hussein gone."

  ~ Condoleezza Rice, over and over and over again, 2002-2008
omg he's so smart
I don't like him, I don't support him, but he's right.
Well clearly he is right. I don't see how anyone could disagree. It was the continuation of 20+ years of bad decisions in the area. That whole region is going to hell in a hand basket. 
Sanders should've really pounded Hillary on this point. This is one of the big differentiators between himself and the Clintons. 

But he left her off the hook pretty quickly. 


Ya well he also said climate change causes terrorism. Not electable at all
Can y'all post something critical of him once in a while? Jesus fucking Christ. 
Would Qaddafi or Mubarak have allowed protests to get big enough to allow revolution to spawn, without the US showing they could take out one of the strongest governments in the region without breaking a sweat? It's easy to look at the immediate causes and consequences and call the war in Iraq a failure, but if you look at the more indirect consequences in the region you see the possibility for a positive consequence of the war. ISIS rose, not because the US invaded Iraq, but because the US dismantled the military of Iraq and turned its greatest military leaders against the US. I'll get downvoted because I didn't agree that the war in Iraq was bad on all fronts, I think overall it was a mistake, but some consequences of the war *can* be positive.
I sometimes wonder if before each time he makes a public statement Bernie just goes on Reddit and picks a statement he thinks will get people excited on the internet or something.....
Like he's been listening to Rand Paul, who has been saying this since forever. Welcome, Bernie.
I'm not voting for this guy anymore....if that's how he's going to deal with terrorism is blame the past.
Because leaving Saddam in charge would have been so great...
It was a blunder, yes. But the rise of ISIL/ISIS was the result of pulling out too soon. 
So was Obama's policy of removing troops from Iraq while simultaneously destabilizing it's neighbor Syria. But let's ignore that and blame it 100% on Bush. 
How can people forget that Iraq was ruled by a genocidal government that killed over 300.000 innocents? Whenever this discussion arises it becomes unbelievable to me how insensitive people are. So as long as they are stable and not such a treat we can ignore mass killings? Please.
Personally I don't think it would've mattered too much either way. I don't believe we should've been involved in Iraq, Afghanistan, or any of the other countries we overthrew in the quest to kill everyone in the Middle East that wasn't Saudia Arabia and Pakistan, however I'm sure if we hadn't invaded Iraq in 2003 we probably would've found another nation to pick a fight with or another nation would've picked a fight with us. 

Also, I'm sure people will scream "muh military industrial complex" but at the start of both wars almost every military that went in was miles worse than they are now; Not just in experienced, but also in equipment. Most post-Cold War nations neglected their military something fierce up until they realized they had to start using it again.
Suggesting it had stability beforehand?
I thought it was climate change? 
Here comes reddits boner for Sanders again. 
Yep, blame America for what those sick and twisted terrorists are doing to innocent men, women and children every day. A bankrupt and weak America would be better for the world, right Bernie?
Again,  this fanciful myth that prior to the second invasion of Iraq the middle east would have progressed down some sort of stable, peaceful route. 

Let's not forget that when Iraq was invaded this was a country that had already invaded Kuwait,  fought in a long and terrible war with Iran,  had gassed ten thousand kurds to death and whose dictator used to feed people into industrial grinders. 

It was already a mess before we went in. It was just a different kind of mess.  What bernie really says when he says these things is 'it's really unstable now and it's impacting US,  and that's not ok!!!' Iraq was hanging on to power only through a barbarous military dictatorship that would have collapsed when saddam died. His sons were insane, and had they even managed to get the military on side would have been even worse than the father.  Regardless of the invasion,  Iraq was heading for a shit storm 

Also,  regarding isis. I love how people say the west made isis. Like these murdering assholes didn't exist 10 years ago and just sprung into being from thin air. Isis was born out of the Syria people's desire to not be ruled by a chinless little asshole who loved to have his secret police murder people. When they asked for something pretty basic,  such as the right to not live in total fear, he crushed them.  They fought back,  and then the shit bags would become isis saw a chance for themselves. The took a fight for freedom and overran it. In the fertile soil of a civil war they grew. 

These people existed prior to the invasion of Iraq. Had we never been involved in the middle east, they would still exist. Most of us (I hope) do not want to kill babies,  mow down people with automatic weapons and blow people up. Ask yourself how the fuck did these people suddenly get to that stage? These are people who have wanted this their entire life. Who have been WAITING for a chance.  If it had not been Syria and Iraq,  it would have been somewhere else. 


Every country in the middle east is an utter joke, where even the most stable ones hang on to power through awful repression. It is a bag of shit,  each shit ready to explode into smaller angry shits. Sadly in the bag is a resource we all need. 

Every country in the middle east had the potential to become another Iraq, with or without an invasion. Nothing will change until the day arrives we are free from oil. I hope that day comes soon,  because I geunially just want the whole of the middle east to fuck of into a corner and be forgotten about. 
People don't remember or are too young to have ever known what Saddam was like. The Middle East was far from stable before we invaded Iraq. He had to go. If his regime was still in place for the past dozen years things would be far worse. Bernie just doesn't get it.
the idea that that is the big bang of this problem is beyond fucking retarded
I think it was definitely a mistake to go there, but I also think it was a mistake to leave as early as we did.  My gosh, we still have troops in Germany.  We could have scaled back without withdrawing completely
Yeah let's kill Isis with hugs and open our borders so they can bomb us. That'll work.
Then why France and Russia who were out of it but not the USA?   Sanders is grasping at straws and reddit is gobbling it up.
Of course  Obama's decision to remove all troops has nothing to do with it 
He's decontextualizing the war. 

The Iraq invasion happened as the culmination of a 12+ year long effort, by the American government (bipartisan - Bush I, Clinton,  Bush II admins) to regime-change Iraq. And install a presumably more pliant US client government there.

To see just how much bipartisan support this policy had, look at the vote on the Iraqi Liberation Act of 1998.

85-90% of Dems who voted, voted yes. 

The US government didn't just wake up one day and make a terrible mistake. This happened in the context of long-standing US policy in the Middle East, attempts to dominate &amp; control the region. Which goes all the way back to 1945,when FDR met King Abdul Aziz ibn Saud to set up our "special relationship" with Saudi Arabia. 

And of course, if your regional policy is imperialism - control, domination of energy resources &amp; strategic points - then it necessarily follows that you will try to gain control over countries like Iraq. And if sanctions, CIA fomented coups, etc don't work, eventually you go to military intervention.

So I'm afraid Sanders is giving you a wrong understanding, misleading you as to how we end up with wars like Iraq. Which means people will continue to vote for war and imperialism without even realizing they're voting for wars and imperialism. 

Like people who voted for Obama in 2008, thinking that was an anti-war vote. Actually, everyone who voted for Obama voted for war and imperialism. The people who voted against war &amp; empire were Ron Paul voters. 
No way.  That kid in Tunisia who set himself on fire is more responsible for blowing up the Arab street than anything Bush or Cheney did 10 years ago.  Its the age where kleptocrats meets social media technology.  The situation was unsustainable from north africa to Iran.  

ISIS is a manifestation of fundamentalist Islamic ideology.  It is not a reactionary  movement fighting for social justice against global capitalism and American military hegemony.  It was always there and it is bigger than we all thought.

We have to set aside looking at what went wrong with the Iraq war and start looking at what went right.  When we knuckled in and decided to fight hard, we defeated the first iteration of ISIS that invaded Iraq in the wake of Bush's war against the Baath party dictatorship.  The Sunni insurgency in Anbar province was not home grown.

I looked at what happened in Paris Friday I remembered when Bush said, "We have to fight them there so we don't fight them here."  He was mocked and derided for that statement.  It turns out he was right.
Something something fuck Hilary.
Yet voting record doesn't lie. Bernie voted to give the power to Bush to invade Iraq just like Hilary did. The hivemind may not like it, but Bernie Sanders contributed just as much to starting that war as anyone else who voted yes. 

Edit: Bernie voted for the authorization of military force against all terrorists and nations that harbor them. This is as much a vote to invade Iraq as the war is responsible for ISIS. 
Agreed
/r/titlegore???
Hillary voted for it, Bernie against it. Case closed.
I can't stand her fake smile
EXACTLY.
Goddamn it.  Nominate this man already!  What the hell is wrong with the DNC?!
So now anyone who disagrees is not 'sensible'. 
So I suppose the better alternative would've been to allow Saddam to take over another sovereign state, continue to kill his own people in addition to the Kuwaitis, and allow a government we helped into power to just continue to do things that most "sensible" people would consider evil? But we wasted a lot of money, so guess it was a bad idea. #Sanders 2k16
ITT Hillary bashing

*sigh*
He's an idiot. 
And he voted against the invasion in iraq.

Im starting to believe he is from the future. He was way ahead of the curve on everything. He spoke out even when it was unpopular. When it could cost him his job.
Why is this even a talking point? Cheney predicted exactly this would happen if they invaded Iraq. Yet they did it anyways. 
Sensible people also wouldn't blame Mrs. Clinton for former President Bush's war he started over bad intelligence when everyone was scared.  I get it, you're mad there has been no huge shift to Bernie after either debate, but this is childish.  Grow up and stop acting like Tea Party extremists because you can't have everything you want right now.  Learn how to lose and get over it instead of attaching yourselves to every made up Republican scandal to try and score points, as it is not working.  Anything he does, says, or has said about him gets thousands of upvotes here and I think a few of you are thinking the rest of the world has bought into the circlejerk that happens here on Reddit.  That's a big mistake and you are going to look and feel like Romney supporters last time that thought it was a horserace when it wasn't.  
That's solid logic. Too bad it was unstable before we got their I mean really you dont think we thought of that 30 years ago we did it didn't work. We tried to stabilize jg but it went to chaos again. That's just the mindset of a lot of Muslims their and they won't stop till their all dead or anyone not them are all dead. 
Post the part where he compared global warming to ISIS 
So... George Bush is responsible for the Paris attacks?  Stay classy, Bernie.
No, leaving too early was one of the worst blunders made by the US, removing Saddam could never be seen as something bad...
He is one obliviously dense motherfucker isnt he
[deleted]
It is mostly false due to USA cannot control a corrupt government like the Iraqi one :) 
Bernie voted in favor of bills that provided hundreds of billions in military funding that contributed to the Iraq war. 
curious why this won't appear on the front page? 
The west thoght of iraq as a bisuness oportunity, at the expence of muslim lives, in fact all of the middle east. He did so while brain washing the public opinion through hollywood, that the arabs are extrimists, just because they want to be extrimists, for no reason at all. You thoght you can get away with exploiting the arabs, and that we would just sit down and take it. You actually did us a favor, becuase the arabs are a sleeping empire, for the last 100 years, and the next 100 years, the west shall pay, with interest, for what he did to: iraq, saddam, palastine, our oil, lybia in the 20's, algeria in the 50's, egypt now.
/u/CarrollQuigley posting a pro Sanders article from The Huffington Post

This is too perfect. 
Saddam Hussein had to be taken down, and it was never going to be easy. He had created a cult of personality, and the backbone of groups like ISIS are the fanatics he created with his Fedayeen Saddam. Things were only getting worse as he became what each succeeding generation in Iraq ate, drank and breathed. If you think the repercussions now of his legacy are bad, it would have been far worse the longer he was in power.
Didn't I read that he's also blaming terrorism on global warning?  Or was that just a /r/circlejerk thread?
I don't think any reasonable person could disagree that if Iraq is the source of our instablility then it it the direct responsibility of Obama's "strategy" to exit a still unstable Iraq for The sake of his own political optics so he could say he ended our involvement.
Why the fuck would we be subsidizing CEO retirement plans in the first place? Don't they earn enough money? Have them set up an IRA like the rest of us.
This article is misleading at best.

Let's start from the top -- corporations pay income tax on their profits, which is income minus expenses. All compensation paid is an expense to a company and reduces the profits of a company.

In 1993, a law was passed that restricted the amount of cash-based compensation to company executives could be subtracted as a company expense.  This change in the law incentivized companies to pay executives in the form of stock-based compensation (i.e. performance pay).

So what is a person supposed to do with a whole bunch of stock? How about maxing out contributions to tax-preferred retirement plan like every other American with retirement savings would do, taking advantage of favorable capital gains tax rates for the rest of it, and participating in deferred compensation programs.

That is the situation.  It is not a special subsidy for executives, but rather a tax preference for anybody who is able to save money for retirement. 

I agree that for large companies, CEO pay is absurdly out of touch with the value they bring and in relation to the average worker.  However, let's get our facts straight before bringing out the pitchforks.

Edit: Clarification that even after maxing out a tax-preferred retirement savings plan, there are still benefits from capital gains taxation. The article appears to say that CEO can make unlimited contributions to tax-preferred retirement savings plans, that is just not the case (e.g., https://www.irs.gov/Retirement-Plans/Plan-Participant,-Employee/Retirement-Topics-IRA-Contribution-Limits).

Edit 2: Aggregating info I wrote elsewhere:
The article calls it a "retirement" plan. And that is one of the inaccuracies. It is a deferred compensation plan.  There is no tax subsidy, it is merely an arrangement so that a taxable event has not yet occurred. It just so happens that most benefits are realized in retirement. If you went to your employer and said, "hey, I don't want to take my paycheck for the next five years, can you hold it in a differed compensation plan for me?" your employer would likely do that. Why? Until it is paid out, that is company money. It is cash on their books that they get to do with it whatever they want. But the company does have a contractual liability to pay it off. 

This is money that has been earned, but not paid out. Until it is paid out, there will be no personal income tax implications. If the company goes out of business, there will not be any funds to pay those differed compensation plans and the CEOs will get pennies on the dollar in bankruptcy.

To add to this, it is deferred tax, not tax-preferred. If tax rates go up in the future, the advantages of these arrangements are lost. 
Pension Actuary here - can someone enlighten me please on what subsidies she's talking about? I understand IRC415 limits high pensions and DC contributions, nondiscrimination laws limit high pensions with respect to the "average", and a few other laws which have the opposite effect. 

Edit: sho i was able to rtfa. social security COLA definition. Clickbait title, but seems reasonable.
&gt; “We have the money. We just decide how we want to spend it. We can spend it to subsidize pay for a handful of CEOs, or we can spend that very same money to help out seniors and vets,” Warren said. “Our spending should reflect our values.”

Replace "seniors and vets" with students/the sick/workers/the unemployed/the environment and that's an accurate description of pretty much everything in America these days. 

We have the money, but our government lacks the values.
This article is a hack job.

I had to do quite a bit of searching on sources to find out where the claim actually comes from.  It comes from this report (PDF warning)

http://www.ips-dc.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/Two-Retirements-final-pdf.pdf

Firstly, the article is written by a left wing "think tank".  That doesn't mean it is false, but it does mean that the article is heavily biased.  If you read the PDF, it is nothing close to a research paper, it is a hit job.  They specifically fan the flames of class warfare and economic envy.

As for the claims of the article, they are - IMO - false.  The plans they are talking about are NQDC plans which are not really retirement plans at all.  It's just essentially an agreement by the employer to defer a portion of the employee's compensation to a future date, and that compensation will earn interest and returns during that time based on the pre-tax amount (because it hasn't been paid yet).

The claim of the article that this is a "subsidy" is grossly misleading.  That is like saying if a salesman makes a sale in December but it is booked in January, that the government has subsidized the salesman for that year.  That's simply not true.  It works on the basis that all money is owned by the government rather than the person earning it, and that any money not paid to the government is a subsidy that the earner was "allowed" to keep. 

In the case of NQDC plans, the money isn't being paid to the earner, it's being agreed to pay in a future time.  Are people saying the government should be able to tax people on money that someone hasn't been paid yet?  That would be a pretty radical change in tax policy.  Why not take 100% of someone's paycheck until their tax bill for the year is paid?  Or if you list your car for sale, they charge you sales tax right then rather than when you sell it?  

And saying because those taxes don't happen until the money is paid, that it is a subsidy is beyond misleading.

It is an article designed to enrage people and fan the flames of class warfare.  You're not supposed to think about it or rationalize it.  You're just supposed to get angry that those fat-cat CEO's are getting big subsidy checks for millions of $$$ from the government!  Of course, they aren't.
So tax deferred means subsidy now?

Does anyone here even understand how tax deferred reiptirement plans work?   The point is to tax people later on so they pay a lower tax rate when they have less income.  This isn't a subsidy any more than any other tax break is a subsidy.  Is your 401(k) subsidized?  Tax it now!
... I'd rather it goes towards university grants, but to each their own.
I clicked on one of the referenced articles:

&gt; The median balance in 401(k) accounts in 2013 was $18,433, which would generate a monthly check of just $104.

That's just sad.  I'm 28 and my balance is double that.

I've contributed to my 401K in every single paycheck since I started working. Even when I was 22 and that extra $80 in my paycheck would have meant I didn't have to use a cardboard box as a nightstand for months in my first apartment. 

I know so many co workers that either A) Don't contribute or B) Borrow against their 401K for stupid shit.

A finance 101 class should be mandatory for high school graduation.


How about using that money to reduce the deficit or tax burden? Nope gotta spend it!
Another post that highlights how retarded most redditors are. No one has taken accounting in high school? Lol
I don't care if I come off as cynical, but I always find it disingenuous when Sanders or Warren try to sell policy with tangential issues and homerun causes. If you think CEOs shouldn't be "subsidized," then propose that policy change on its merit alone, not giving money back to seniors. If you think Wall Street should be taxed for every trade, then  make that policy proposal, but don't tie it in to a promise to fully fund free college education for all.
How about instead of giving it to seniors we use it to try and put the most insignificant dent in the debt....We gotta start somewhere
Im tired of seeing stuff like this on reddit, "Elizabeth Warren submits bill saying... Bernie Sanders submits bill doing..."  Who the fuck cares if it has exactly 0% chance of actually being enacted into law?  What are they doing that actually stands a chance of passing the House, Senate, getting signed by the president, and getting past a court challenge?
CEO here.  Nobody is subsidizing my retirement plan.  Sounds like a great perk, where do I sign up?
Love Warren, but at this point it seems like she is just throwing out bills that surely are will be shot down for publicity.
If she results in the end of my 401(k) or roth retirement funds, I will go livid
I love these plans where we take money from the "rich" and give it to seniors.

Seniors are one the wealthiest demographic groups in the country. Yes, some are poor and need help. But many are rich. The reason we bailed out all the banks is because of all the pension funds.

Someone 65 or older was born in 1950 or earlier, and grew up during a period of time of huge economic growth. This is the generation that could buy a house for $5,000 and paid for their college education with a summer job, then got a good, full-time job in their preferred field, and kept that job for 40 years.

And since they vote as a block, they get pandered to by every politician, regardless of political party.
What a range of emotions in that short sentence.  Take away money from CEOs: yes!  Give money to seniors: no!
Pay social security for years, earn $15k/yr when you retire.  What a shitty system.  But at least it will pay for a shotgun in the mouth if my own retirement funds fall short.
Better idea: stop collecting that portion of tax revenues and let people keep their own money. But, you know, that's just me.
Can anyone point to an unbiased, financially literate description of these special subsidized retirement plans that are insinuated here? I wasn't able to find anything.
Everyone reading this: "My taxes subsidize CEO retirement plans?"
then they use politicians to tell you that the poor are abusing tax payer money. 


Why don't we give seniors access to the congressional benefits they don't get while we're at it?
I Love this woman.
It's a tax-deferred compensation plan, not a tax-free compensation plan. 

It's taxed at the point of withdrawal when it (hopefully) grew into a bigger pie, yielding the beneficiary (and the tax authority) more money.

This is like taxing a guy for planting a potato in hopes of growing a plant instead of eating that potato today.
FICA is withheld on some of the deferrals for high wage earners. What's FICA used for? Oh yeah!
I don't know her but I love this woman, I really do. 
This is a clickbait BS story which plays on the economic ignorance of liberals. Which means it will be on the front page of r/politics any minute now.
Wasn't she a Harvard professor at one time?  This bill is grandstanding.  If seniors deserve a raise, propose the amount they deserve.  Why pick 3.9% - just to take a political cheap shot at corporate America?

This isn't sound policy, it's just being obnoxious.
Only in the horrifically confused mind of a modern leftist can having less of your legitimately earned money forcibly confiscated be called a "subsidy".
I learned very recently that many liberals consider a tax break a subsidy. I just had an argument with a guy about it. I told him calling a tax break a subsidy is like a bully telling you he's giving you money because he didn't steal your lunch money. Liberals argue the state has an inherent right to your money and people and organizations have an obligation to give a lot of money to the state, and anything that gets in the way of that is akin to the state giving away money.
lol, the liberal mind is a weird thing to figure out.

your retirement is NOT taxpayer funded if you are a millionaire, you are already paying WAY more taxes than the average wage earner, and it's YOUR MONEY being banked then paid back.

The right thing to do is to stop letting the government spend the money, and demand they put it in LOW risk interest earning investments, and give the INTEREST earned to those who need it.

OR god forbid , allow people who can fund their own retirements to OP OUT completely,  but to take somebodies retirement money that they paid in religiously just like everybody else simply because they landed a job as a CEO (punishing success) is communistic, and if this something you desire, the USA is simply the wrong country for you, North Korea or Cuba would be a better option if you want the government to decide who is entitled to receive their OWN retirement money.
 
in-fact, it's a dam good thing we have rich people paying taxes, because if we didnt social security would already be drained dry by all the do nothings who contributed nothing, and once all the illegal aliens who never contributed reach retirement age and are handed citizenship, the system will tip upside down anyway, and sense the liberals in the world flat out REFUSE to allow reform of the system, the measly amount hijacked from CEO's wont wont put a dent in the demand 

      
CEO doesn't mean rich. All it takes it you to be the head of a company. 
The average tenure of a fortune 500 ceo is......4.6 years. Do you people really think that this type of class warfare would really do anything for anyone? Come on. Youre talking peanuts in the whole scheme of things. The Countries debt is over $80 Trillion, including unfunded liabilities. How long do you think that can be sustained? How much of a dent do you think this type of nonsensical bill would make? Not much. 
The rich and their corporations are the biggest welfare queens.
&gt;﻿ A drop in gasoline prices largely benefits younger Americans ...

Sure. But gasoline prices also affect transportation costs and therefore  they affect the price of everything. 
&gt;﻿ The bill has no Republican co-sponsors,

You don't say...
Well, the US's laws have gotten a bit fucking blatant.

You really need to get rid of political donations. You're fascinated by claiming you've got a democratic system, but you're misunderstanding the meaning of the word.
Don't hate them for their success! They use that money to create jobs and grow their business! If you take away their tax breaks they'll go away and we'll have no jobs or business at all!

Alright what other ridiculous excuses am I missing here? Let's just get them all out of the way now...
i often don't agree with her on issues, but this... im behind her 100%.  I don't begrudge a CEO if he can negotiate an insane salary and benefits, who wouldn't, but tax deferred hoopla as described is bullshit.
Elizabern Warnders
I'm not sure a one-time $589 or whatever the figure was would be enough to cover the cost of the rise in drug prices for a lot of people. For sure it wouldn't cover the cost of a typical rent increase, unless, is there a rule out there to go easy on old people when you raise the rent? Because as a young person my rent could go up any amount at any time.

Either give companies tax breaks for all the retirement plans, including the ones for the rank-and-file, or for none of them. And while we are at it, make them offer equal investment choices to both the rank-and-file and the executives. The ones they offer the rank-and-file at some companies are not very good.
Be CEO. Be senior. Get Money.
A bill that has no chance of passing.
You mean a new bill that won't ever get passed. Gotcha. 
Should go retro, IMO. That would spice up the SS fund
Please explain to me again how anybody making under $90k is supporting Trump or Carson? I just don't get it
I hate to sound like the asshole here but has Warren passed any of her bills since she has been elected? Don't get me wrong I think she is on the right path but I can't recall what her efforts are worth.
&gt;﻿ The average retired worker on Social Security got $15,943 in 2014, which is only 30 percent over the poverty level. 

So the poverty line in the US is just over 12k per year? That seems pretty damn low.
If you are running a business or thinking about it and looking for a funding source always check out our government.
There are many business that absolutely love our government just the way it is
We give all sorts of money away.
You just have to ask the right way
Liz Warren just blacklisted herself from ever winning the general election, even if just attached as the VP.
I like how we're really starting to learn how to hate upwards instead of down. 
A new kludge would kludge up the other kludges?  Sounds good, we need more of that.
Remove the last six words from the subject line and I'm fine with this.
Don't expect congress to pass much.  It's only 1 year till the next election.  The republicans in charge are going to spend most of that time trying to do anything they can to play to their base.  No progress.  Just regression.
Aren't a lot of CEO's seniors??
I'm OK with something like this as long as it also applies to politicians , entertainers, and professional athletes.

After all CEO salaries are capped at $1 million, whereas politicians and movie stars can make as much as they like.

That headline is a bit misleading. Everyone gets taxpayer subsidized retirement plans, not just CEOs. Isn't your retirement tax deferred until you enter a lower tax bracket?
116 million Americans have $42 each saved for retirement? 
In my brief and new understanding of what the specific executive compensation hat Senator Warren is addressing does not seem to be a subsidy, but rather a tricky headline.

I did quick research shows that they pay tax on the savings when it is withdrawn. The complaint seems to be that executives are able to contribute more to the retirement accounts that we are. We are limited to $17K per year, but executives can contribute much more.
Take CEO retirement plans and give them to senators? RU kidding me?
Socialism!
Love that woman.  Wish she'd run for president. 
Don't need to give it to seniors, that's a waste. How about the monumental student loan dept for people who haven't had a chance at life yet. Loan forgiveness is what we need.
FYI for most people. When they say "tax subsidy" they actually mean, "tax deduction". Think of a company paying salary to an employee, and they get to deduct it in their tax return. Her take is to basically eliminate this for CEO "deferred" performance based compensation. Deferred compensation means: execs pay taxes when they receive the actual benefits of their compensation plan, not when they "grant" it.
Wait, what? This is a thing? I would have thought "lets not give tax money directly to rich people" would be right up there with "lets not allow citizens to lynch random people" in the list of bullshit you don't have to write down.
Point of information:  CEO pay exploded when congress (in its infinite wisdom) decided to allow companies to deduct only the first $1 million in executive compensation.  What remained 100% deductible?  Performance pay!  

Why isn't she trying to end tax deductions for athletes' and entertainers' pay as well?  Is there any real reason we should subsidize Oprah and Tom Brady?
exactly how much we talkin folks? There are faster and easier finds of excess cash in bad spending, wouldn't you think?
Why are we paying taxes to give congress lifetime pensions?
"and give money to seniors" BWAH ha ha ha.  I bet she has a bridge to sell.  People, please, it is one thing to accomplish something, it is a completely different thing to just make shit up that people want to hear and pass it off to stupid people who have no idea she KNOWS this will never become a reality because it is complete bull crap.

edit: the difference between Trump and people like Warren is that Trump is an obvious crazy, while Warren and her clones are a more subtle less obvious kind of crazy that most people don't understand.
The Pentagon spent 50 million dollars (out of a 500 million dollar funding allotment) to train SIX Syrian rebels to fight ISIS. I guess it would have been irresponsible to have put that into SS benefits or Medicare/Medicaid benefits for the elderly. What in the Hell is wrong with our government?
lol another distraction to manipulate emotions.  Yes, lost of CEOs make lots more money than they deserve.  But if CEO retirement plans are basically outlawed, that compensation would just be given in other ways.  

The real answer is to make management accountable to the owners (i.e.. shareholders).  There are probably many ways to help that (require shareholder approval of ceo packages, require outside board members, etc) but a nuanced proposal of this sort won't excite people like this kind of drivel.  I lose respect for any politician who pulls this shit.
Me, reading headlines: "Oh, that sounds like a great idea!

Me: Now, let me go to the comments and find out why it won't work
How about instead of giving it to seniors, we give it to people with massive student loan debt?
Honestly, the fact that they got you guys to pay for their retirement plan is hysterical.

How haven't you hanged all those bastards?

The article seems misleading. There is no mention at all of the content of the proposed bill, only that it is given as a one-time emergency payment to seniors to help subsidize increased costs, such as pharmacy bills. The so-called "performance-pay loophole" [is not actually a loophole](http://taxfoundation.org/blog/why-many-people-are-wrong-about-executive-pay-and-corporate-tax-code) at all, and represents no "subsidy" provided by taxpayers.  Warren here is just churning out the same old populist demagoguery.
Instead of seniors can the money go to 30-something white guys who browse Reddit?
Why is the US government subsidizing CEO retirement???????
What a bull shit bill , just to make noise and get the people thinking "oooh these guys are the good guys look they're looking after us"
spread this to 2 people and tell them the same thing, so that the whole world will know about it https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4sxwXjqawEw
But they trickle stuff down.
Most of the time when I read these stories my first reaction is, "We are giving how much to who now? The people who need breaks the least? WTF?"
Well, they have paid into the system. Have .gov refund them their contributions with interest.
Fuck seniors, give the break to millennials. Seriously... We're a generation of people that will literally not be able to afford housing because student debt. We pay so much just for the chance to participate in society in a meaningful way. The Seniors / Boomers have had enough breaks. They don't need anymore.
Why is it that when they end taxpayer subsidies of shit they never just let the tax payers keep the money? They still have to keep stealing and redistributing it. Let us opt out of social security. 
Would love to see you all wake up and take your country back.
Kindest regards,
Your Neighbours
&gt; ﻿ We have the money. We just decide how we want to spend it. - Elizabeth Warren

This is a great example of how liberals view all wealth as belonging to the government.  Whatever money anyone has is merely that which the government has deigned to give them.  Warren's claim that the government is subsidizing CEO retirement plans is false.  Under that same logic, anyone with a traditional 401K also has their retirement subsidized by the government.  Both are tax-deferred plans.

In reality, we do not have the money.  She is talking about confiscating CEO retirement account money to pay for an entitlement program that is trillions of dollars in the hole, and rightfully so has almost no support for this bill.  [Where, I wonder, will the government go for SS money once they've confiscated all they can from the rich?](http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2014-02-12/europe-considers-wholesale-savings-confiscation-enforced-redistribution) This is another joke of a Warren bill to appeal to her looney-tune fringe base.
That there are subsidies in the first place is amazing! That's like a whole layer of rotten wood holding up the stones.
aaaaaaaaand most of America has no clue and cares more about the football game or some stupid pop star
This Warren sounds like a reasonable person. I asume this is why she's not running for president.
Yes, lets keep vilifying the people who make jobs for the economy. That will show them!
That's done.  The US Gov doesn't write checks into CEO retirement plans.  Who is the brain dead Pol who thought this one up?
Wait, what the actual fuck. You make millions a year and I'm supposed to pay for your fucking retirement when we're already saying SS will be gone by the time people right now in their 30s will be retiring? I fucking hate this country. 
Senior citizens don't need anything, give it all to the 5 year olds, fuck give it to all those in debt.
I'm in favor of ending subsidies for CEO retirement plans, but I'd rather redistribute the money to the young than the old. Whereas historically, seniors were often struggling, today we confront a generation of oldsters that is far wealthier than young people.

Since 1989, median wealth of people under 40 fell 28.3%, while that of middle aged people fell 31%. In contrast, the median wealth of those over 62 rose 40%. 1 in 7 seniors are millionaires. https://www.stlouisfed.org/~/media/Files/PDFs/HFS/essays/HFS-Essay-3-2015-Age-Birth-year-Wealth.pdf

The policies of asset inflation benefit old people, who had more time to accumulate assets like houses or stock portfolios. In contrast, young people have been shut out of the housing market, and have been stuck with the bubble end of asset inflation. And credential inflation coupled with periodic recessions and financial crises have made it harder for young people to enter the job market.

Not only is this inequitable, it represents a profoundly stupid allocation of resources. We need young people to obtain skills and start families - both of which pay significant long-term dividends. In contrast, while we should absolutely help seniors that are in need, they do not represent the future. 
Elizabeth Warren fights wall street, Hillary Clinton panders to it. 
Why has she not ran for president yet? 
what is she waiting forrr
so, Indians dont pay taxes, so why should she care (oh wait, that was a lie I forgot) carry on 
how about just end all tax payer subsidies??
how about ending retirement plans for congress?   Bitch can give away other people's money all day long and people think she is a hero.  Show me your commitment by giving your benefits away first (like a leader) and then we can talk.
Why am I still astonished by Warren's stupid activities? 
If congress misreads it as "senior executives", they might just mistakenly pass it.
She should just forget about this sort of stuff and move to raise the rates on top earners and eliminating loopholes.

All the societal ills that stem from income disparity won't be solved by nitpicking them with bills like this.

You force companies to reallocate their monetary resources more equitably by using taxation as a bludgeon.

Like we used to do under that pinko commie Eisenhower.
What about all the seniors that have millions of dollars of net worth?  I'm guessing they will still get the payment even though they don't need it.  

Time to just scrap the tax code and move to a national sales tax. There are ways to make such a system fair for the poor.
Somehow, I suspect many of these seniors go out and vote for Republicans.

Perhaps when they are finally starving and eating Alpo burgers they will march on Congress with pitchforks and torches.
Wait. There are taxpayer subsidies for CEO retirements?  What in the actual fuck?
Hurrah for her! Hope she can help the seniors who need it and start working to prevent those who don't need it from getting anything.
Funny, since every leading Democrat is a senior. 
"﻿while seniors, who already pay twice the medical costs as the average American..."  - Yes, you mean the seniors who use FAR more than 2x the medical care of the average American?  Naturally if you use more medical care, it costs more money.  There's nothing unfair about it.

Secondly, Social Security payments and benefits are capped.  People paying the maximum already pay much more into the system than they will receive - but that money is theirs.  What you're really advocating is that we steal money from the people who trusted the government to invest it in their SS retirement fund, as was promised, and give that money to other people.

Edit: Forgot to mention - giving people back a portion of their own money is not a "subsidy" for wealthy CEOs.  lol this is why you don't ever take blogs like "The Nation" seriously. 
God damn, the Democrats are good.  First it was race wars, then class wars, and now they've got an age war going.  Why does everyone think the government won't do what's best for us?
First, let's tie SS benefits increases to the increases given to government workers.  If the govt union people get a COLA, let's give one to seniors.

As to this analysis, you guys know its wrong/populist, right?  It's like saying IRAs are tax subsidized.

A deferred comp plan delays taxes until the participant takes it as income.  But, like an IRA, it is fully taxable as income when the participant takes it.  In exchange, the participant has NO access to the money until then.  And "retirement" means "leaves the company"; if a CEO is fired, for example, he/she takes the money starting the following year.

If, somehow, a retired CEO can live on a fraction of their prior income, it is possible that they see a tax benefit for this strategy.  But, given the fact that the highest marginal rate is at a relatively low level of income, most CEOs will pay the same marginal rate when they retire that they would have while working.

Finally, it is false to assume that these plans are typically available to CEOs only.  In the last two public companies I have worked for, they were available to directors and above--ie 3-5% of the workforce.
Anyone know if Canada has any bs law like this?
EW is a brilliant politician and leader.  I hope she decides to run for president in 2016.
"the money"

Jesus -- what bullshit spin on an expansion of our welfare system.

It's a budget with two different line items.  Yes, save money in places where you can, but then turning around and trying to tie an unpopular current expenditure to a populist payout?  Christ...  I guess we deserve what we've got.

And it's not even saving money.  It's just increasing taxes on certain people's retirement accounts.
great idea. fuck CEOs
TIL we subsidize CEO retirement plans
Warren really wanted to give the money to the Whitefoot tribe, which she is a proud member of.
Wait, we are subsidizing CEOs???

I'm pretty well off and got a good salary, but I'd feel pretty ashamed at accepting handouts while other people who need it way more suffer. Who came up with those subsidies? 
Social Security was created for those senior who lived beyond the average age expectancy.  It was for those who didn't plan to live as long as they did.  It was never meant to be someones sole source of income during normal retirement years.  

Also retirement plans are not subsidized.  The taxes on them are deferred until they are withdrawn as income.  So this would essentially double tax people simply because they saved for retirement and giving it to people who did not save for retirement.  Hardly sounds fair or moral. 
All CEO's or just ones in industries she doesn't like/doesn't donate much to Democrats?
Wow.. I had no idea tax payers were paying ceo salaries. 
"﻿ the government provides CEOs with special tax-deferred retirement options "

This is written in an intentionally misleading way.   Not only are CEOs *not* provided with "special" tax-deferred retirement options that aren't available to every other employee, 401(k) rules require participation from the lower-paid employees to be able to offer the plan to the higher-paid.  

Also: there are annual maximum amounts allowed for deposit.  For  401(k)s it's $18K, for Roths, it's $5500 unless you make over $131000, then it's $0.  These aren't amounts that are going to make much of a difference for zillionaires.

If the author doesn't like that CEOs get paid so much (that "unlimited corporate deductions for executive 'performance pay'" is the same deduction businesses get for every paycheck everywhere),  he should just say so.

Edit: My post is mostly facts that anyone can look up.  If I'm wrong about them, I'd like to know.  Or if you don't think that those facts support the couple of sentences that they're meant to support, I'd be interested in that too.  Pretty sure that would be far more interesting than clicking a down arrow because you don't like it.
So is every senior in the country going to get a check for 2 dollars? Is that her brilliant plan?
Why is no one discussing how harmfull SS is to young people? We're forced to invest our retirement savings into SS which on averages gives you a ROI of bonds which is utterly pathetic. And that's IF you live to see the age of whatever age the government says you're allowed to retire! Young people have the unique opportunity to take on risk, and we're being forced to put 15% of our income into fucking bonds. We desperately need an opt out option!
Curious.  Do you guys try and be critical.

1)I mean the government subsidizes ALL of our retirement plans. Its called 401k, etc.  

2) tax reform would seem more applicable, and has nothing to do with seniors (i.e. capping tax benefits on compensation seems a good idea).  CEO is just political posturing, means nothing (the strawman bad guy). 

3) This isn't a subsidy anymore than your Mortgage deduction, 401k, HSA, and medical benefits.  We can really help those seniors if we can' the fricken mortgage deduction.


4) does the current index swing both ways.  I mean yeah, the seniors don't like it when Gas is down. . .they don't get a bit of a hit. Yet i'm guessing they were rewarded when gas was up?  Also - gas is a probably linked pretty strongly to other price indexes (beside medical) so if gas is down, inflation slows.


tldr; I don't have any ISSUE at all at limiting tax deductions on senior pay.  I don't see what it has to do with seniors.  Maybe if you don't like the way the calculation works -fix the calculation?






Oh Liz, how do I love thee? Let me count the ways.....
Yes but you can bet your last penny that the healthy Americans who *could* work will still get all their benefits.


Hooray social welfare! Pay people to have kids, and you can bet you'll get a whole segment of people who choose not to work. 
\&gt;Pretends to support ending tax payer subsidies for wealthy successful corporations

\&gt;Supports the ExIm Bank which gives tax payer money to wealthy successful corporations

\&gt;uwotm8.jpg
Why is Clinton even allowed to run?
Colorado becoming the Progressive State in our country?  Or just realizing the benefits of Single Payer?
People interested in this should research a bit of the history of universal healthcare in Canada. It too started with one state (province) in Saskatchewan, and there was huge backlash to it. Doctors went on strike and threatened to leave. When a young boy died as a result, opponents tried to pin it on the Premier who led the movement, Tommy Douglas (an aside: grandfather of Kiefer Sutherland). There was a lot of fear-mongering and Cold War-era anti-socialist rhetoric. But supporters stuck to their guns, and with some help from British doctors medicare held, and the rest of the nation soon followed. Tommy Douglas is considered a national hero now.

Here's a [half-hour doc](https://youtu.be/tG9pNoUwtT4) if anyone is interested.
It seems like being on the November ballot will give a huge boost to the measure, since that's the only time Democrats reliably vote. 
This passes im moving to Colorado. From Illinois 
The ballot measure will raise taxes (Colorado has a flat tax) from 4% to 13%. Coloradans don't vote themselves tax increases very often... 
This is how Canada got universal healthcare.  It all started with Saskatchewan going against the grain.  We had the same level of opposition, even all the doctors in Canada rallied against it.
The amount of money that will be spent against this will be amazing.  This will never pass.  They will scare people to death over this.  Could you imagine if it passed and worked?  They will never let that happen.
Colorado is so damn lucky about this. I wish Arizonans started their own universal healthcare service soon.
Colorado resident here. The reason that legal marijuana is accepted by so many Conservatives here is that it is a pretty solid libertarian argument. Let people do what they want. Also, the tax revenue helps.

There is absolutely nothing libertarian about a government takeover of an entire industry and the tax situation would be quite the opposite.
If this happens, it would be a godsend for my family.

My wife suffered a TBI (Traumatic Brain Injury) a few years back and we've been on a slow train to bankruptcy ever since.

I hope it includes a prescription plan as well.

This is one of the aspects you never hear the right talking about.    The number of families that end up destitute because one member becomes seriously ill and requires long term medical care.

Imagine them keeping their homes instead of being foreclosed.   Imagine the money they aren't spending on doctors going into the economy.  Imagine not being a slave to your employer so you won't lose insurance.    
Didn´t Vermont try that and it failed because it would be too costly to small businesses? 
California here. I thought we were supposed to be the progressive ones. :'(
Why am i not living in Colorado

A thought that confuses me on so many levels
As a conservative I have no problem with this, in fact it should be encouraged. The federal government is what I hate and want shrunk down, the states should be free to do as they wish. 
The biggest criticism I hear from Democrats about the ACA is that it required everyone to pay into a private health system with no price regulation. This is very valid argument. However, wouldn't paying into a single payer system be extremely expensive? Don't get me wrong. I'm all for single payer or universal healthcare, but to maintain the medical standards we have in this country, it will cost a TON in the short term. I'm an ACA supporter only for the fact that we needed change. We needed drastic change. The ACA was a step in the right direction. 

EDIT: Thanks for this discussion. I really hope Colorado does the single payer system. 
Which is what the republicans want... STATES running States and not Federal Government
This is the proper way to get things done in the US.  Focus on state politics, get it done, and other states will either catch on and join the club, or become lame.

Disregard the federal bureaucracy, let me give my taxes to the state where they can better serve me.
This is what makes federalism great. The states can be centers of experimentation to see how laws and systems work and whether they succeed or fail. I wish Colorado the best.

If the system works well, I hope other states emulate it. If it doesn't, then at least someone made the attempt. Either way, it's to our benefit.
Ugh. Honestly, the state already has so many young adult willful bums it's ridiculous. How much will this affect taxes?
So marijuana really *is* a gateway drug.
[deleted]
This would be fantastic. I hope they are able to set up a single payer system and get over the large political obstacles of the health insurance industry that will fight tooth and nail to prevent this from happening.

If they set this up, it could inspire other states to follow suit, because pretty much every thing I've read demonstrates that single payer is just more rational (economically, politically, hell even morally) than a privatized health insurance system.
I live in Colorado and I am ecstatic that this will be on the ballot. I have the Constitution of an ox, never sick and never in the er. No kids and I make 50k. This will no doubt cost me more out of my paycheck as so little of my money goes to healthcare but the boon this will have on our state economically will be huge. People were moving here in droves before the green Rush and with free healthcare, businesses will  flourish as will entrepreneurship. I know do many here who hold back from pursuing their dreams because they are afraid to leave a job they hate because of the health insurance it provides. This is fantastic news and I'm proud to be in a bellwether progressive state. 

That said... Man! Housing and rent prices are already too damn high! Ya'll gotta give us a few years to build new housing before you make the move!
The way I see it is simple. My taxes pay for other people's healthcare through Medicare/Medicaid, so why not raise said tax appropriately and give universal healthcare? Plenty of people would prefer paying a higher tax to eliminate an insurance premium every month. This should be up to a real vote from the people, exactly like the presidential vote without the campaigning. Set a day, give a week or two to vote and let the people decide. No government should be involved in the decision, neither should any private sector company. 
Vermont already tried this and failed. Pete Shumlin expended huge political capital and couldn't get it off the ground. I hope it works in Colorado and it might have an advantage as a much bigger state, but I won't hold my breath. 
Anyone notice how they said that right now the avg Coloradoan pays 8% of their income to healthcare and the new plan charges a 10% tax? 3.3% to the worker and 6.6% to the employer. At that rate this bill costs more than the current overpriced system and just makes employers foot the bill. Not bad for workers potentially and even possibly sustainable, but it hardly sounds like it would save money the way proponents are saying. I'm all for single payer, but it has to be cheaper than the current system which is already insane, not more expensive.
Good for them.
It'll be interesting if this passes. I wouldn't think that Colorado is big enough to support the risk pool for UHC. 
Actually, they would be opting IN to a program allowed by the ACA as it covers the same people
And rainwater is still illegal. What's up with that Colorado ? 
Watch Coloardo do it perfect, and Washington State will follow course and fuck it up so hard it won't even look the same.  If they do it like pot these dumb asses would start laying out districts where you could have one "free" doctor.  surrounded by the "insurance docotors" for real Americans.
Speaking for Libertarians, when we speak of state's rights, this is exactly what we are referring to.
I really am starting to consider moving to Colorado.


But snow.
If they implement single payer and it works, Republicans can say, 'See?  Obamacare doesn't work and even the liberals in Colorado are rejecting it.'  This would be technically true but I'm pretty sure most people if given the chance between the ACA and a single payer system would prefer the single payer system.
What are the pros and cons of living in Colorado? i might want to move there!
Since Medicare and the VA do sooo well for the patients. 
Daily reminder majority vote does not mean the correct decision was reached.

see: jim crowe laws
The money is there. Taxes will have to go up, but on people who were previously paying insurance premiums out of their paycheck and so it will offset. Colorado will have more negotiating power with the hospitals and doctors in state so there will be no one getting $100,000 knee surgery that should cost $3000.

Fewer bankruptcies by far will occur in Colorado as people never have to file chapter 7 over a medical bill (the most common reason for Chapter 7 &amp; 11 protection). Businesses won't have to pay their (huge) employer provided insurance premiums (which has always been way more than your premiums!).  This will infuse them with cash, which trickle down theorists say means that they would have increased capital and could either: Hire more, invest and grow, or give raises to their employees to offset the new taxes. (I think they'd just keep the saved money personally)
Why shouldn't I move to colorado?
One more reason to vote for Mr.Sanders who advocates for a single payer health care system. 
I don't understand how can a country do not have universal healthcare, really.
Would there be any repcurussions from opting out of Obama care, like reduced federal funding?
Starting to look like a nice place to move to.
So does anyone know what the tax rate is going to look like for this to be implemented? I always thought this couldn't work on a state by state scale because the revenue from taxes wouldn't be enough to cover the costs. That and also how would they compensate for out of state people looking for medical attention in that state. 
While I read that the federal government will let Colorado off the hook in providing an exchange I don't see where it lets the citizens off the hook in having to purchase insurance unless the state will also pick up out of state care.  And how do they plan to cover non-citizens or make them pay ACA rates(
Hmm, insurance companies are going to come down on this like s ton of bricks
Marijuana seems to stimulate rational thinking. I don't know what they're smoking, but I want some.
That not really "opting out" . Despite naysayers claims that ACA forces a "one size fits nobody" approach,  there is a lot of flexibility 
I hope they do. Power for health-care belongs in the states. 
Anyone have a good ELI5 reference for single-payer healthcare?
I hope they implement it there, just so in about five years we can compare it to Kansas and see who has a better idea of how to govern: Progressives or Conservatives.
I swear right here and now that if this passes I will be a Colorado resident ASAP. I've been looking for a reason to leave Nevada. 
Ron Paul must be so proud.
Healthcare is one of the biggest concerns in my family's life.

Google Fiber is one draw to the state.  Legal cannabis is a second, stronger, attraction to the state.

A new health care system, as described by OP, would have us moving to Colorado this afternoon.
Never thought I would be jealous of a state, but, there you have it.
I think single payer is probably the way to go for healthcare, but I worry about trying to implement it at the state level.  Without enforced borders, people can move to CO at will.  That means if I'm disabled or sick with a chronic condition, I should seriously consider moving to Colorado.  That's not such a great thing for the budget of Colorado.  Maybe the ACA subsidies in other states would prevent that from happening en-masse, but I'm not sure.

I will probably vote for it, but it does seem like a risky thing.
&gt;set up a single-payer system similar to Medicare.

Hawaii?
Oh please do.
Colorado is so fucking dank
Canadian here : Go Colorado!  you will never look back...
So what does this mean for my current employer sponsored health plan? 

My taxes go up and I still pay for my current plan...or do I drop it for a worse government sponsored plan? Not say the plan would suck, it just hard to beat the one that my employer offers.

I see no way that this helps me. I will have an increase in taxes with none of the benefits.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but I thought Vermont was already voting to set up a single-payer system?
As someone who has to deal with the billing side of medicare in a physical therapy office... for the love of god please don't do it
Every year I'm running out of 
more reasons not to move to Colorado. 
As a Coloradan I am intrigued by the idea, but a 9% income tax increase is going to hurt since my company is based in Ohio and isn't likely to give me a raise to offset me being taken off their healthcare roles. 
I'm moving to Colorado. And I don't care how much taxes you charge me. If Colorado can look after my health as well as my future, I'm with Colorado 100%, wholeheartedly, mind, body and tax money. 
I'm curious how this 6.7% payroll tax would compare to the majority of employers insurance costs. If it would be cost effective for them to stop providing insurance once this goes into effect. 
This is what states' rights is all about.
huh...guess it is a gateway drug after all
Coloradan here.... Can we get google fiber to please. Internet here in this state sucks 
Why not use the same system that is already in place for government workers?  

Senator Obama campaign promise:

“You’ll get the same kind of coverage that members of Congress give themselves.” 

“If you don’t have health insurance, then what we’re going to do is to provide you the option of buying into the same kind of federal pool that both Senator McCain and I enjoy as federal employees, which will give you high-quality care, choice of doctors, at lower costs, because so many people are part of this insured group.” 

(nope did not even try and had control of both houses of Congress with a filibuster proof majority)

Democrats had a super majority for roughly six months which includes the seven weeks between Franken’s swearing-in on July 8 to Ted Kennedy’s death on August 25 and the four months and nine days between Paul Kirk’s swearing-in on September 25, 2009 to his replacement by Scott Brown on February 4, 2010.

Wo.......Go Colorado !
I'm expecting a South Park episode about this.
If a state tries to do universal health care, it sounds like a good way to have healthy people leave your state, or reinforce the underground economy. 
Anything that erodes the power of the Federal government gets my attention if not my support.
Not that I am an expert or anything, but I have always thought this was the only way for universal healthcare to work in the US. 

There are plenty of examples of countries implementing their own system and them being effective, but they are much smaller in size and population.  It seems like a large-scale universal health system in a country as large as ours would be difficult to manage without succumbing to a bureaucratic nightmare. 

Having each state do their own health system also provides a level of competition between states, allowing wages and service levels to remain high. 
Come on Colorado, I can only get so erect. 
Well, good news is all the states around Colorado will start seeing people migrate for better care.
Wow, Colorado is almost like it's own country at this point. Sign me up!
If this passes, I'm moving to Colorado and starting my own business. I don't get why so few people seem to realize how badly our current ass-backwards healthcare system stifles entrepreneurship. If you need $10,000 saved up just for healthcare in a year to quit your job and start a business, that's a huge deterrent. Taxes are nothing compared to health insurance premiums unless you're making six figures.
It's not the first - Vermont already tried to do single-payer a few years ago. Unfortunately, it failed, but they still tried to do it before Colorado.
this is amazing, will it work?
As an Oregonian I bet this will make us consider it. We can't let other states be more progressive than we are without a fight.
Didnt Vermont do this already?
What happens when we all realize we can vote for things that affect us?!
Please do it.
A win for states' rights as much as it is the progressive model of healthcare. I hope this does well so Colorado can lead by example on this. 
Unless they have health care cost cutting measures in the law this will never work. Vermont tried to do this but quickly ditched this plan because of the overwhelming costs.
If this happens, I will move to Colorado. Fuck Ohio.
I hope they do and California follows. I have a personal health plan and before Obama care I had medical dental and chiropractic for $250 a month. Now I only have medial for $310 and Obamacare pitches in $3 a month. How is that helping? 
Well, Vermont tried single payer and it didn't fare too well...

Hopefully CO learns from their example and figures out a better way.

Of course I also hope that the ACA is repealed and a Constitutional amendment is ratified to ensure that the Federal government never has a say in healthcare again...  
I need someone from Colorado (any town will do) to tell me why I shouldn't consider moving there if single payer goes into effect.
Come on America for fucks sake 
That's it. I'm going to look for jobs in Colorado
State name change proposition: Ballerado. 
As a Brit who has never known anything other than the NHS, what is single payer? 


You sons of bitches. I left 4 years ago. When I was there I had two knee surgeries from snowboarding. NOW pots legal AND there might be universal healthcare.
IM MOVING TO FUCKING COLORADO! 
Doesn't Hawaii already have a single-payer healthcare system? 
I hope universal healthcare works for us, then we tell everyone else it's not working so no more people move to the state.
Colorado could pay for all that free health care with the marijuana sales.
I keep telling the wife we should move there...
Hopefully the voters are wise enough to replace Obamacare with something that benefits the patients, rather than the President's pals in the insurance industry.
My wife, son and myself will join our daughter there if this happens. We're both in IT.
We've had universal healthcare in Massachusetts for almost a decade
Before you hold up Vermont as a failure for shelving the idea while in the planning stages, please remember Vermont has a (2013) population of 620K, whereas Colorado's is 5M+.  Half of Vermonters get their income from farm work, whereas only 1/3 of Coloradoans do.  Also, as /u/basswalker63 quoted below: 
"Notably, large businesses that operate in multiple states would have been exempt. And it was unclear whether or how enrollees in federal plans like Medicare and TRICARE could be integrated into the state’s plan.

Those exemptions cut into the funding base while adding administrative complexity, eliminating one of the potential cost-saving elements of single-payer: simplicity."
This is the great thing about states' rights.  We can have a real life test on people who willingly took it upon themselves to try it, and measure the results.
Amendment 69! Heheheheh!
Can someone explain to me how when CO does this, it's the first in the country, but when Oregon takes the ACA money and expands it's already hugely popular OHP (Oregon Health Program), it's just an expansion of the ACA?

Our family hasn't seen a deductible or premium in over 4 years.
If a State wants to have that program,  thats their prerogative, but that is entirely different from a Federal one.    People can move to another state if they dont like it, but its not reasonable for them to leave the country.    States should always have the right to serve their citizens based on their own wants and needs.
Moving to Colorado
&gt;State senator Irene Aguilar, a practicing physician and proponent of the measure, explained why the group is putting the measure to a citizens’ vote rather than the normal legislative procedure. “We’ve tried to pass ColoradoCare through the legislature, but with the money in politics these days, there’s just no chance,” she said in a video. “Fortunately in Colorado, we don’t have to wait for the legislature to get things done.”

Colorado seems like one of the few states where democracy is working, mainly because people actually get out and vote. Very curious about what the people of Colorado choose. 
You mean the Medicare system [that is going broke in a few years](http://www.cnbc.com/id/100780248) and that most people need supplemental insurance to make it work?  
Fuck California. We're falling behind Colorado. We have majority Democrat legislators and yet we have nothing to show for it. 

Go Colorado 
If Colorado opts out of ObamaCare to set up a single-payer system, will that set up a precedent for other states to opt out of ObamaCare because they just don't like ObamaCare (them Red states that opted out of the medicaid expansion)?

Or is their a provision/part of the ObamaCare law that lets states opt out of it if they do X?
A lot cheaper when you have legalized pot and people forget to go to the Dr.
ITT: surprising amount of health insurance industry shills
The state just voted down a $950 million tax increase, you really think the residents are going to vote for an even bigger tax increase? 
To early, no? Won't the demand for the pot be split as more states make mj recreational?

I've heard various things about the legality of out-of-staters buying pot. Someone please clarify.

POP QUIZ!!!

* A. I've heard they can't legally buy any.
* B. I heard out of staters can only buy a very small amount.
* C. I've heard there's no problem.
* D. All of the above.
* E. Other. Elaborate. ______________________
I don't see how a single state will have enough money and enough insured to support a single payer system
Why not just expand Medicare?
Why opt out of Obamacare? Why not just start to provide both services?
I live in Colorado, and I really don't see this passing. While metropolitan Denver is very liberal, most of Colorado is like the rest of our region in the country; conservative, semi-rural, and everything else you associate with places like Kansas, or Nebraska.
[deleted]
Would they cover people jumping the border from NE or UT to get healthcare?  Do you have to be a resident to receive the benefit?
Universal Healthcare isnt as great as so many americans seem to think it is. It has some big cons, just like our current system. Enjoy waiting an exceptionally long time for any procedure you need. My Canadian friend had an eye infection and needed a surgery, and had to wait like 3 years for it. He went blind and the infection got worse in the meantime. They had to take out his eyeball.
kumunist kolorado ssr
Good - let the states handle their affairs.
We'll see how this goes.  Remember VERMONT just bailed on a single payer bill because they didn't like the tax bill.
You guys gonna provide health care for the whole universe?
believe it or not, there was healthcare before obamacare. and mine was better. 
&gt;Unlike Obamacare, which denies benefits to undocumented immigrants, ColoradoCare would not deny care based on legal status.

Although I'm late to the party and this will get buried, this one point alone is going to guarantee that this will be a spectacular failure. 

Do you want hordes of sick people from around the world to move into your state? Because this is how you do it. 
There go all the tax proceeds from legalizing pot.

Seriously, do people not understand how healthcare costs are artificially inflated *directly because* of guaranteed payers? Yeesh.
Hillary Clinton received money from Wall Street before 9/11.  That money changed her mind on financial issues.  [Elizabeth Warren in 2004 on Wall Street's influence over Hillary Clinton.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=12mJ-U76nfg)
[deleted]
"Hey Hillary, bet you $100 you can't slip a 9/11 reference into the democratic debate in a place that has less than nothing to do with it and still be elected president."

"watch me"
Okay, let's assume that she said what she meant to say as eloquently as possible.  Let's give her a pass on the gaffes of Women and 9/11, because while it's entertaining from a media buzz perspective it's not what ought to really scare you.

What's scary is that if you take those two things out, you still have a scenario where her answer to the question of why she continues to take advantage of a tool that denigrates the very foundation of our democracy is *"Well, I deserve it."*

See, deep down, Hillary Clinton knows its wrong.  She's said as much in her albeit half-hearted attacks on the Citizens United ruling.  So Bernie asked her why not lead by example?  Why not show the American people that democrats can win without contorting the definition of democracy?  Why should liberal voters even take the risk of supporting a candidate who's getting paid overwhelming amounts of cash by the very people who want to shut down these necessary financial reforms? 

And her answer, best-case scenario, if you take out her nonsense about women and 9/11, is the height of entitlement.  The most generous translation of what she meant to say at the debate is:

*"I'm receiving this money for the good job I've done, and I deserve to keep it.  And I expect you to believe that I've actually done such a good job, that despite knowing I'll be working directly against their financial interest, rich people are actually willing to donate massive amounts of money to my campaign.  I did such a good job that Wall Street gives it gladly, without expecting anything in return.  I did such a good a job that it would almost be unfair to me if I had to just settle for the legal maximum contribution.  Why should I have to leave this money sitting on the table, just because I claim to be against the very law that allows it? But don't worry, I'll make sure this will be the last campaign where this is allowed.  Trust me."*

Does anyone believe a word of this?  That the money isn't there to influence her decisions?  That the millions in her Super Pac don't signal where her loyalties lie? Does anyone truly believe that even *half* of her Super Pac money comes from people with no special interests, who just have feel-good memories of her *decent* tenure as senator?  Does anyone truly believe that even half of it has anything to do with her time in New York, 9/11 or otherwise?  

And even if that is the explanation behind the Super Pac donations, SO WHAT?!?  It's still a corrupt way to campaign!  This is how Republicans campaign.  This is not how Democrats should do business.  Remember that Super Pac money isn't tracked like normal contributions.  It can't be excused with "It's a lot of small donations!" or "Well these aren't banks, they're just people who *happen to work* at banks!" or "But my donors are women!", because the question wasn't about her war chest, it was about her Super Pac.  And if Hillary *did* have any clue about the demographics of the donors to her Super Pac, she'd be breaking the law.  

What we do know about Super Pacs is that the only logical reason to donate to one is if you have already maxed out your $2,600~ donation to her regular campaign.  So does anyone truly believe that she's raking in this kind of money from reluctant Uncle Scrooges going:

*"Well, I may be an executive of a huge financial firm whose unquenchable greed nearly wrecked the country, and despite the fact that Hillary's plan for regulating Wall Street is apparently even more aggressive than Bernie's, I still just gotta hand it to her for the bang-up job she did after 9/11.  Here's a truckload of money, no strings attached!  I know it'll come back to bite me in the ass, but gosh darn it I just like her!"*

I had no idea there were so many Warren Buffetts!

**We laugh when Trump says he'll not only build the wall, but make Mexico pay for the wall.  It's a ridiculous notion.  But not as ridiculous as what we're hearing from Hillary.  She wants us to believe that she can basically pull off the biggest Donald Trump-style turnabout heist in history!  Hillary is apparently so good at negotiating that she can not only rein in Wall Street...She'll also, through her Super Pac, make Wall Street pay for it in the process!  How, you ask?  Oh just trust her, she's good at deals!**

C'mon.  Does anyone truly believe that a candidate - any candidate - can take in this kind of money from people and not be influenced by it?  I sure wouldn't trust Bernie if he did; the fact that he doesn't is precisely why I trust him.  

But we're the fanatics?  Let me tell you about fanaticism.  Fanaticism is the kind of faith that you'd have to have in order to believe that Hillary is actually going to take action against Citizens United.  The Hillary camp must really believe that she is the Anointed Chosen One, more so than Obama ever was at his peak.  She truly must be a hero of mythical proportions.

Apparently, Hillary is so incorruptible, so pure of heart, such a champion of virtue that we can count on her to throw the One Ring into the flames, *all while wearing it the whole trip there.*
I'm a Bernie backer but I have to say O'Malley did a pretty decent job. He's less tongue tied these days... good for him.
It's funny watching Clinton's online damage control team, reddit division, scramble this morning to verbally wash this all away.  She blew it big time last night, many more are figuring out who she really is and why Sanders is the better choice.
The comment about having over 60% of female donors was also like "What?". Who cares what gender most of your donors are. What kind of comment is she even trying to make with a claim like that? Every debate she finds an opportunity to pander to women and use her status as a woman to invoke the idea that she is the most progressive on the stage. I don't think that true feminist would want her to exploit her gender to gain votes. 
Doesn't matter it works with the majority of voters. Also, the debate setup was odd, most of the audience seemed to have a bias towards her which is an obvious tool to influence viewers.
And don't forget "And women!"
out of all the republicans running for president, i like hillary clinton the best.
And the audience applauded. Also huge applause when she states 60% of her donors were female (during the same statement).

Is it necessary to have an audience for these things? If so, can they just be forced to be remained silent so there isn't an inflection for home viewers?
Watched about half an hour of the debate. As a non-American, my impressions were:

* Bernie Sanders is really freakin' old, not just in appearance, but in rhetoric, too
* Hillary Clinton comes across as both extremely accomplished and completely untrustworthy
* That Martin guy...I didn't even know there was a third...this guy should be polling higher


In comparison to the GOP debates, it was less entertaining, more comprehensible, and Dems seem to use a lot more words, with more syllables, than their GOP counterparts.
I wish someone would call her out when she talks about "representing all New Yorkers." They bought the house upstate in the summer of 1999! She had no ties to NY, had never lived there. The only reason she ran for the seat was because the Democrats needed to hold the seat and members of the NY congressional delegation (and I bet other elite players) urged her to run, knowing she could win with name recognition. 
Yet another reason why if it isn't Bernie we will burn it all.
This is why the DNC only scheduled 6 debates. 
[My reaction when I heard those words come out of her mouth.](http://i.imgur.com/WUarLxE.gifv)
Funny how few politicians invoke New Orleans when defending their donors.
When I heard her response on the radio driving today I almost crashed my car... Using 9/11 as some sort of justification for accepting money is ridiculous.
It's just hilarious seeing all of the Hillary supporters come out to defend her. We've been bashing Wall Street since 2008 but apparently she is above that dialogue that is constantly tossed towards the GOP even though she has the most donations from the street. **Regardless** of what she said last night at the debate, the fact that she has accumulated so many sizable donations from the street should be a huge red flag to democrats who otherwise pride themselves on hating the 1%. It's astounding the mental gymnastics that are being made to defend an otherwise indefensible position.
She's just trying to jerk herself off and bring up a tragedy which makes people forget the original question 


Let's all face it. No matter how well she polished her bullshit, she is WS's puppet. 
With the spotlight currently shining on Hillary's gaffe about her Wall St ties being in response to 9/11, it seems an opportune moment to highlight another connection of hers that voters should know about. 

According to opensecrets.org, Hillary is #4(!) among recipients from the defense industry (i.e., war profiteers), and is the sole Democrat among the top 14 of the list.

Because of the serious consequences that result in the way of human suffering, it is vitally important for voters to understand that Hillary would be more likely to commit to military action, relative to someone like Bernie who has served the interest of the people and is not beholden to wealthy defense corporations. 

I feel it is a point that needs to be put at the forefront of discussion now that we clearly understand Hillary's penchant for acting on behalf of her wealthy donors rather than the American people. 

If you feel the stakes are great, as I do, please spread this information as best you can.
 
Source: http://www.opensecrets.org/industries/recips.php?cycle=2016&amp;ind=D

EDIT: spelling
"As a woman..." *waits for applause* 
Says more about the American electorate than her if she finds this a strategy.
That was really a dumb fucking answer. Try "They give me lots of money so I won't regulate or hold them responsible, ever." next time.
Democrats have a turd as the front runner.  President Obama was smooth, how can you recapture that magic?
Grrrr, I don't like that manipulative harpy one bit!
Look, this is what separates Senator Sanders (and Donald Trump, for that matter).  He's not taking contributions from big money interests and he's for the people before the corporations and special interests.  No other candidate can say that and Hillary can beat around the bush all she wants, but it's out on the table now.  Great debate for Bernie.  A win for a Bernie is a win for the rest of us.
What is she a republican now?!
We have one party where that is often their response still to any question, so I find it funny for some to criticize Clinton from trying to use that tactic to stifle criticism. Which is the only reason for anyone to bring up 9/11, they want to stifle uncomfortable criticism.

For me, as a real liberal, this is one of many reasons why I can't stand Hillary Clinton. She is a whore of Wall St, just like the Republicans, and every answer she has for being one is trite, and this time insulting. 

Plus her whole Campaign seems to be of the idea that "Hey, you voted in a black man last time so it has to be a woman's turn. Look, I am a woman." They feel entitled to the nomination, more so than they did 8 years ago. The Democratic party trying to defend her position as presumptive Democratic nominee because the last thing is they want is for her to lose a 2nd time. They want to be able to say the 1st Black and Woman Presidents came from the Democratic Party.

I am sure some will consider what I said as "sexist" because that is the only come back Hillary supporters seem to have, that you have to be sexist to not like Hillary, and I dared to call her a whore for Wall St. First, we should call a spade a spade. That is what she is. Second, I would happily vote for a woman, Elizabeth Warren being one of them, both of my Senators are women who I voted for, but it has to be the right woman. I won't for Carly Fiorina either, or Sarah Palin, that doesn't make me a sexist. 

Now would I hold my nose and vote for Hillary over all of the jackasses over on the Republican side? Yeah, but I won't like it.
That answer is so bad that you'd expect it to come from a Republican candidate.
I really don't see myself voting for Hillary. Got a call from the DNC asking for money (have contributed before), and had to decline.

I think the Democratic Party is making the same mistake in 2016 that the Republican Party did in 2012. Run an unpopular "establishment" candidate who is more "electable."

The problem is, there is a segment of the population who will refuse to vote for a candidate of their chosen party if they don't like them. I'd honestly rather have a republican as president than HRC -- chances are they'd be more honest :/
Hillary Giuliani 
Please don't let her become President.
Hiliary went full Giuliani last night. You never go full Giuliani.
And to think, she was applauded after saying this. I don't know why I'm still surprised by how stupid Americans can be. 
Cut it out guys.
Why is anyone at all surprised? [How about a reminder from an old friend.](http://slate.me/1JxdtXi)
Was watching a clip of her on CNN yesterday, does she always bark? She looks/sounds like a barking robot not a human anymore... in the same clip I also saw a soundbite of this Bernie Sanders, he definitely has no chance of being elected - why? He spoke the truth, I've never heard of American politicians speaking the truth and winning... it pretty much disqualifies you from being able to win. Obama I can't even remember what he was saying except for a slogan or too, he basically got elected off of a slogan and the fact that the economy was really, really, really umm, not good...
I honestly cannot stand Hillary and will not be voting for her, but her response is being twisted. If she actually came to the service of Wall Street institutions after 9/11 and that's why they contribute to her campaign, how is it wrong to say that? NOW, admittedly, if she is making it up, then certainly it's in poor taste, a lie, and should serve as evidence that she is not fit to be president. But has her response been disproved?
Because she isn't as smart as she thinks she is.
"why do u take money fr special interest?"
"half of my donors are women! wooo! also, 9/11"
wat
Whatever she can't lose.  We get force feed our leaders and the whole shit is rigged.
Two things that get me most about this: First, yeah Wall Street is in 'downtown Manhattan', but it's on the other fucking side of the island, not next door to the World Trade Center. Downtown Manhattan is a big place. Secondly, what exactly did she do to help 'rebuild'?  [The WTC site is operated by the Port Authority, a NY/NJ entity, and Republican Candidate and NY Governor Pataki had more to do with the rebuild than Clinton](http://www.history.com/topics/911-rebuilding-of-ground-zero).  Not to mention the leaseholder on the site.  Reconstruction on the current WTC 1 started in April 2006, around when she first started running for president.  She wasn't involved in any negotiations to rebuild, so what did she do, vote for bills in a Congress that at the time would have passed anything supportive of a 9/11 response and NYC with or without her vote?  THAT is something she needs to be pressed for specifics on, because 'Wall Street' was not hit on 9/11 outside of the stock market mini-crash that happened a few days after when they reopened(which everyone expected).  So what did she do, help the stock traders recover their money?  Because i think that would have happened with or without her.
Terrible just terrible, and did you see how she had to go there and tell Bernie that women are donating for her.
I mean yes it's bullshit, but unless Bernie wins in some sort of miracle I have to vote for her anyway, because I cannot fathom the idea of a Trump or Carson presidency.
Why would Americans vote for this lady?
Don't forget that time when she landed in Bosnia under sniper fire.  Here is the actual footage 
https://youtu.be/uHVEDq6RVXc
My wife is pro hillary. Even she looked at me like "WTF"? i just laughed.
Well, the 'woman' card has been played to the full, so it was time to bring out the  'Vote for me cause 9/11' card.
Once again prof that Hillary will say anything to try to get votes.
And yet the left will probably vote for her over Bernie. Stupid.
Is she a member of the Bilderberg group because of 9/11?
The candidates were expected to address it, and certainly parallels between the Paris terror attack and 9/11 were there to be drawn.  But inelegantly shoveling in a reference to 9/11 after wandering into a poorly worded defense of her Wall Street donors seemed both desperate and ham-handed.  With so much time to prepare for this question we expect better.  The relationship between her and her Wall Street donors got the statement it deserved.
it's a legitimate tactic. I got caught stealing office supplies from work and told them that post it notes have become very important to me in the years following 9/11. Works every time. 
This logo is finally relevant: http://imgur.com/XN006Hg

Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/Design/comments/32gp7x/my_5minute_redesign_of_hillarys_new_logo_what_do/
When Christie pulled the 9/11 card, this sub laughed at him. Now Hillary does it and they actually defend her. Idiots.
She is nothing but a charlatan.
"I'm not influenced by Wall Street's donations because 9/11" - Hillary. Makes perfect sense, just like how I told my wife last night that I wanted breakfast in bed for the rest of my life "because Syria".
[I feel like her campaign is more like this.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BaEtveez2wo) 
From an outsider point of view, my opinion is she is saying that Wall Street sharks gave her money because her position and involvement towards 9/11 reflected their own view. Which is in fact totally understandable and rational.
I took her comments as her trying to explain why Wall Street supports her now. She seemed to be trying to make the point that they were grateful for her effort during the rebuilding after 9/11 and fixing Wall Street as opposed to her receiving contributions from them now so that she will protect their interests.

I could be wrong though.
Over 90% of voters will never see this.

They will instead only hear from CNN that she won the debate and trust that without even watching it.
***And that's when the world knew, SHE FUCKED UP***
donald trump is looking pretty fucking good right now.  the media is unfairly biased against sanders, who is actually a good candidate: but the media spin is against him, media that has contributions linked to the clinton family.  unfortunately, he has morals and can't be bought, which puts him at a disadvantage.  and im afraid ethics doesn't trump superPACs and influence from people with deep pockets.  it's hard to win an election when mainstream media is already in clinton's corner, regardless what she says or does.
The problem with Hillary is she's just as dishonest and slimy as her husband, but lacks the skills to make people forget those qualities like Bill.
Hillary needs to quit saying things that *nearly everyone* is going to bash her for.  If nothing else, her smug complacency about having the nomination should be the reason she doesn't get it this time.
The woman is a treasonous, traitorous, dubious, scoundrel.
Just when I thought I couldn't hate her more than I did. Why do people still want to elect this monstrosity? Is anyone more of an insider than Hillary? 
I mean she has a point.  9/11 happened and all of Wall St trusted her to drive the war machine.  There's a perfectly logical connection to be drawn.

It's just a fucking disgusting one and the fact that she mentioned it is shocking.
[When pressed about her Wall Street donations, Hillary uses 9/11 to deflect the question](https://vid.me/99Qx)
Are people ever going to call her out for all the endless reminders that she's a woman?  She builds it into every answer.  At first it felt legitimate, then a bit tiresome, but now it's so blatantly repetitious I cringe whenever she's about to speak.
"Lois, undecided voters are the biggest idiots on the planet..."
The Hillary Clinton camp's post-debate tactics:


- Pretend the 9/11 card was a legitimate defense on Hillary Clinton taking millions from Wall Street.


- Pretend the gender card was a legitimate defense on Hillary Clinton taking millions from Wall Street.


- Pretend Bernie Sanders has no empathy for human beings because concurred with the scientific community and the CIA that climate change is the greatest threat to national security.


Don't let the insanity work! Vote in the primaries, end this madness once and for all!
Repost
Clinton is one of the worst candidates in the race from either side. She has already been shown to be a liar and a shady politician. This response shows her incompetence and is another data point to show she will say whatever she thinks she needs to say or is told to say to get elected.

I have a lot of respect for Bernie Sanders. I agree with a lot of things he has to say, but as a Republican I don't agree with all of his proposed methods. However, I have a ton of respect for him because I see him as a person running a campaign he truly believes in, not a campaign that views this as a game and involves saying whatever to get elected. America needs a President with an attitude like Bernie Sanders, not Hillary Clinton.
And once again Hilary proves that she is more like the Republicans.
Wait, if she was trying to help Wall Street, then why did she take money from them instead of doing it for free? What an idiotic lie. So glad people are seeing through this politi-speak BS. 
ya, was watching. it seemed like a very ill advised, perhaps improvised defense that really didn't make sense
Wall Street investors grew their wealth in part because of the War on Terror and 9-11
I ain't even mad.  Republicans invoke God :-/
I'm convinced why Sanders isn't calling her out on this obvious shit is because he's just building up ammo for the last month and is gonna hit her hard and fast before the primaries. He can't be that unaware of the blatantly obvious shit she slings and just has to be bidding his time. 
She's a moron.
Props to CBS for slipping in a debate between Hillary repeating "9/11" and "women".
I gotta say as an aside... Hillary isn't her husband, but still, the Bill Clinton administration's failure to adequately respond to the '93 WTC bombing was a major reason why Al Qaeda was able to carry out 9/11 in the first place.
If I were Hillary's advisor in and ear peace, and a mind reader:

Hillary: "Fuck he's got me dead to rights what do I do."  

Me: "miss Clinton Id have to suggest Exploiting the victims of 9/11. its a long shot but what else do you have?"
When you BS enough you begin to believe your own BS.
Honestly, what she should have said was:

&gt;Wait a minute, Senator.  For all the lofty talk you do about the wealthy buying votes, your voting record is nearly indistinguishable from mine.  It turns out that there are more people in this country then Redditors and college students and those people are interested in competent government too. 

Or maybe better she could have simply left it with a less aggressive:

&gt; Of course, Senator.  "Wall Street" represents a significant amount of the people who lived within my state.  Apparently they, like the rest of New York, liked the representation they got which is why they continue to heavily support me.

Either way, I think the whole conversation is pretty stupid.  I see no reason why Hillary Clinton should have to *defend* getting political contributions from the financial industry.  If it's evident of anything, it's evident of how foolish the Democrat party is these days. 
Oh good, now we have 5 fucking threads about this one quote on the front page of r/politics. You guys are ridiculous. 
All 3 of these candidates were side-stepping questions, not explicitly answering the questions asked. All 3.
As a Democrat, Hillary is an exaggerated embodiment of the shittiest facets of our party. I sincerely hope she loses.
Really hope she doesn't win man. She's shady as fuck imo. 
Hillary Clinton is the worst candidate and that's saying a lot 


Mods, are you fucking kidding me? 
How very Republican.
Why is this lying cunt even still running for president???!! 
Just going to post what u/msx8 said about this in another thread since this is being spammed on this subreddit and now this thread appears to be number 1.

Honestly mods, it was funny for awhile, but not its actually frustrating.

&gt;ITT: redditors for whom the title of this click bait article was designed. Clinton's comments about her donor base weren't bullshit at all. First off, if Sanders can brag about how his donors are mostly from people giving "30 bucks", then it's fair for Clinton to highlight that 60% of her donors are women. The female vote is crucial in a general election, so it's a perfectly legitimate fact for her to highlight. Now, onto the 9/11 comment. She was essentially being asked why big businesses and banks contribute so heavily to her campaign. She explained, correctly, that New York was attacked on 9/11. The markets closed after the terrorist attack, and the city needed their Senator to stand with them and help them rebuild so that business could get back to normal. Clinton was a very strong advocate for getting federal resources to New York after 9/11, and she did a good job on that, so it only follows that NYC-based businesses in general contributed to her campaigns, financial services companies included. Bernie Sanders even said she was right and that he appreciates what she did for New York after 9/11. Of course, I fully expect Clinton's political opponents to manipulate the electorate by taking her comment out of context and saying she blames 9/11 for her taking campaign contributions from banks. Any objective observer of tonight's debate, however, will see through that strategy. Honestly, whoever wrote this article at Slate knew from the moment that Clinton said the phrase 9/11 that he could capitalize on the reddit anti-Clinton, Sanders Brigade circle jerk to get an article to the top of /r/politics and /r/all, which translates into hundreds of thousands of page views and a ton of ad revenue -- thanks, ironically, to a reddit user base that always claims to be against corporations manipulating people for profit. This is the ultimate troll.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PYtbWWmtVYM
OMG! Time to get the smelling salts!
As a woman, she is kind of a cunt. Sorry, but it's true.
Isolated video clip hosted on Youtube:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XPKSY-j6_MQ
lol @ them still defending Clinton. Her debate was awful and she was destroyed from the beginning because she's still covering for the CIA mission to bring weapons from Libya to Syria. Foreign policy is literally her weakest issue. Why don't these warmongers see that they are wrong?
These Hilary titles are like religion... *declining rapidly*
This is what she said if you guys want to parse it yourself:

&gt;"Well, why do they make millions of dollars of campaign contributions?" Sen Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) asked. "They expect to get something. Everybody knows that."

&gt;Clinton responded:

&gt;CLINTON: Oh, wait a minute, senator. You know, not only do I have hundreds of thousands of donors -- most of them small. And I'm very proud that for the first time a majority of my donors are women, 60 percent.

&gt;(APPLAUSE)

&gt;CLINTON: So I represented New York, and I represented New York on 9/11 when we were attacked. Where were we attacked? We were attacked in downtown Manhattan where Wall Street is. I did spend a whole lot of time and effort helping them rebuild. That was good for New York. It was good for the economy, and it was a way to rebuke the terrorists who had attacked our country.

I dunno, I think she wanted to show that she's all American and "Nine... Eleven", but just fucked up on the delivery.

She talks the talk but is utterly unable to even fathom walking the walk. She is asked why she should be trusted to curb Wall St. while she is taking millions from WS banks and her only answer is "believe me, I'll do something about them." 
So this will be the most talked about item of the debate. Not the candidates actual policy disagreements. Not their plans on the economy and healthcare. Not what to do about raising wages and reducing income inequality. No, it isn't wrong to call Hillary out for this stupid comment, but what deserves our attention and scrutiny: a gaffe or policies?
[deleted]
Lets review facts:  
As Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton:  
1) Got four people killed in Benghazi  
2) Tried to blame in on  YouTube video  
3) Resigned as a result of the incident  
4) Lied to Congree about the event  
5) Erased her **secret personal** e-mail server that *she wasn't even supposed to be using.*  
How is she even still in the running for President?  How is she not in prison?
Yeah, this is at the top of r/politics twice already. Spare us a 3rd time.
More stupidity out of the mouth of Shillary? Why am I not surprised?
Why does it seem like this was taken out of context? 
She'll win because she's a she. Hope I'm proven wrong.
she is by far the worst person in politics 
Although I'm not Pro-Hillary, I think the point she was trying to make is, she helped out the fidi and Wall Street after the incidents of 9/11. Them contributing to her campaign was a way of saying thank you for helping restore lower Manhattan. 

It's a weak argument, but that's the relationship she's trying to portray. 
Smells like self serving bullshit. I'm sure cooked up by her and her staff in preparation. I'm not a huge supporter of Sanders (yet) but Clinton is obviously very manipulative and must think the voters are stupid. 
I personally think we need the bitch candidate to stand up to Putin, North Korea, ISIS and the worst opponent of all - the GOP. 

And that is Clinton. 

Sanders is not going to put up any fight and is a poorer choice compared to Clinton who has more balls than Sanders and O'Malley. 

I think she is definitely the best candidate and probably the best choice for President. 
We already had an article like this with 5000 upvotes. We get it, Hillary is literally Hitler.
What gets me is that her playing the 9/11 card wasn't a heat-of-the-moment defensive reaction — that I could understand and write off as a gaffe.  But this was a wholly calculated judo move that she was sure would work.

She knew this issue would come up, her debate team proposed this despicable stratagem of invoking 9/11, and she didn't bat an eye.  Hard to get more cynical than that. 
i think the most telling moment in the debate is when clinton clearly favored private insurance/healthcare over single payer. You don't have to be an expert in economics to understand that our current system, even with the aca, is far from the norm of other developed countries. it's like this because it makes A LOT of people wealthy (and puts a lot more people in debt). 
Can Bernie just go early and pick Elizabeth Warren as his running mate?

That would have the effect of both eliminating Hilary's "woman card" and glaringly illuminate the unscrupulous level of donation that Hilary has received from Wall Street.  
I don't understand how she "invoked" 9/11 other than say that she was the Senator during 9/11.

If you're looking for shameless 9/11 invoking, look to Rudy Giuliani. What Hillary said here is nowhere near what Giuliani did.
It sounded to me like she was trying to say that politicians build up their donor-base over their careers. Since her career spent a significant time in NY state, during years that NYC needed lots of attention, its sensible that her donor base skews to NYC.

Its a completely valid, if somewhat unsatisfying answer.
She has pretty much locked up the nomination, and Fox News, Reddit, social media etc needs to start pummeling this bitch hard or we will wind up with Clinton in 2016.
Of course 9/11 is linked to Wall Street through insider trading on the airlines.
It's great watching a candidate destroy their campaigns with so few words.
I loved the live tweet during the debate that called her out on that. 
People on this thread are saying Hillary "blundered" and O'Malley won last night, and that makes me think you didn't watch it. I get it, Reddit is overwhelmingly Bernie supporters, but the fact that you'd support O'Malley over Hillary is mind-blowing. Hillary and Bernie are both good candidates and had great discussions last night. Hillary needs to prove she is loyal to us and not Wall St. and Bernie needs to communicate his policies more (for example, telling Americans that democratic socialism is not a scary cold war term and it's what all the european countries have).

To anyone saying O'Malley won, I think that true only because we finally know what he looks like now. This guy isn't a good candidate, he's more centrist that Hillary and just as pro-war as Republicans. He won because he got airwaves with Hillary and Bernie, not because of his policies. 


It worked so well for Rudy Ghoul-i-ani when he ran for president.

Wow, she sounded so damn shrill during that response.
What a tool she is. 
All I can say folks is: go vote in the primaries.
Hillary Clinton net worth 53 million.

Bernie Sanders net worth 700K.
ITT: Hillary cleanup crew trying to spin what she said. 
Speaking of Wall St. Wouldn't the scariest thing for them be if Sanders got the nomination and he choose Warren as his running mate? Holy shit. You would see record money go to the REP candidate like never before. 
https://youtu.be/Rm3d43HLyTI?t=1m15s
AMERICA! That's what.
What's good for Wall Street is good for the country. That's her defense.
I think she's right but just said it a way that left her to vulnerable to a "wtf" reaction.   Wall Street is in NY where she was Senator.  Any Senator on Congressman representing NYC is going to get Wall Street cash whether democrat or republican.  This could've been inserted into her stances on terrorism earlier in the debate if she foresaw Bernie's attacks.  
Yeah i thought she sounded like chris christie last night honestly
Hey, it worked for Lois griffin
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=PYtbWWmtVYM
I'm confused.. which obscure YouTube video did she blame 9-11 on? 
I would laugh at how horrible her excuses are if there weren't massive crowds of people chanting for her election. Really, I think I'd rather suffer through a Carson presidency than have her take the Office.
It was a blunder on her part.  IMO, her intent was to say that while she was spearheading 9\11 recovery, which she did do as Senator of NY, she made a lot of Wall Street friends.  No doubt true, but really not the whole reason.  

There will be those that will make a big deal of this blunder, and that is fine.  But, I doubt it will be a big deal.
I HATE it when she gets stuck and just leans on the "I'm a proud woman" card. It's very similar to Christie pulling out his own 9/11 card all the time. 
If she wins the nomination not only will I not vote but I will be getting a bumper sticker saying don't blame me I didn't vote for the c*nt.
Off topic and not to defend Hillary, but Reddit won't call out sanders for claiming climate change is linked to terrorism? What a preposterous statement
Hillary will never give up her donors who give her millions, her lust for powers, or her lies. And worst of all, many people support it.
I'm no fan of Hillary Clinton, but if she helped with the local Manhattan aftermath then I don't see how this is so awful an argument. The money and quid pro quo is still a problem, but seems to me Reddit and WaPo is blowing things out of proportion again. 
She didn't, the press is re-arranging her words to come up with this, and reddit is eating it up. Because there are few things more popular on reddit, or at least r/politics, than Hillary bashing. 
This whore should be in prison.
*cough* sell out *cough* 
The answer to life the universe and everything is 9/11.
This person has serious issues upstairs. No way she'll get progressives to vote like Sanders would
This had me so mad I had trouble sleeping last night. I'm still in awe of the shamelessness this took from her. 
Has there been a post about how Bernie blamed global warming for terrorism? No comments on that level of crazy?
fucking bitch
The polluting coal mine was down the street from my penthouse, so I support them with the donations they give me.
[deleted]
Because she's a neo-con. Since the GOP has shifted so far right, the new 'normal' for Democratic institutionalists is basically a Republican position.

Hillary is virtually a republican in the current paradigm. And most of the people pushing for her and little more than shills. She cares nothing about anyone except herself, and she is obsessed with securing a 'legacy' for herself and overshadowing her husband, as well as being able to say she was the first female president. 

Her behavior towards everyone around her in private is atrocious; she considers herself superior to others, elite, near royalty- evidenced also by her behavior in the White House as first lady. 

She reviles the masses, and considers them nothing more than rubes to be duped and manipulated. Everyone who will vote for her is an idiot. Period. 
# FeeltheBern
So, given everyone's thoughts on Clinton and her Iraq history, and Sanders' own statements about Iraq, which also has your support, is it safe to assume that in your estimation the Republicans, who were the ones who actually lied to everyone about and perpetrated Iraq, are even far way worse than Hillary, or any democrat running?
If I were that guy who tweeted I would be shitting my pants, he just fucked over some very powerful people.  And while it would be petty to take revenge on that one person I think I would if I were Hilldog right now.
also Jeb Bush faked the election in Florida - what?
You know what really gets me. My mother came to my this morning toting how Hillary did so well. "So much better than that Bernie Sanders". I ask her why? " Because she did. She's gonna solve all our problems". I try to reason with her make her read these comments. Nope. I get "She's knows what she's doing. She's gonna change everything". Just to blindly follow someone like that scares me. But I won't give up on her. 
'#DNCproblemswithHillary
How I felt when I heard her response:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hxszN_1k6fQ
I'd rather vote for another Bush than Hillary.
it becomes a reflex.  it is what a habit is.

edit: what what
Cut it out you sexist 9/11...
Blah blah blah 9/11 blah blah blah
Typical Hillary
The most evil woman alive right now.  
The anti-freedom party strikes again 

It makes perfect sense. US finance and international banking is deeply integrated with our state and is used as a weapon, as political leverage, and as a form of neo-colonization. You have heard every president - not just Clinton - state that the US banking sector is critical to national security.

The invocation of 9/11 is supposed to show just how important it is to our national security; and we are supposed to understand from this that it isn't just important to national security when we are physically but at every moment.

The technical definition established for national security in NSPD-1 is that it includes the homeland defense, the wealth of the nation, and the strategic assets and interests of the nation. Being a global superpower rooted very heavily in its ownership of the global financial system and the fundamental role these banks play - Clinton is looking at American's straight in the face and saying "these banks are critical partners in American power - I want to make America more powerful again, even in an era where the global economy is centering itself on China - yes this might mean making them more powerful at the expense of Mom and Pop shops. But listen, Mom and Pop shops aren't going to contain China. The TPP and the ExIm Bank might. But you can't ask me to both raise up the middle class and bolster American elites in a bit to outmaneuver Chinese elites. It doesn't work that way."
Good article, except for the shift to a coronation tone in the last three paragraphs.
&gt;Janell Ross is a reporter for The Fix who writes about race, gender, immigration and inequality.

Way to gloss over the gender issue there Janell.
Hilary feeling the Bern!
I wonder if Bernie went for the jugular, wouldn't Hillary's campaign be done for a long while ago. Then again, it's not Bernie's MO. He lacks those instincts and that's why he'll lose.
Hillary Rotten Clinton....
This concern about her and Wall Street is unwarranted. 

Put yourself in the position of someone like her. Would you shun high quality friends and associates because they are successful, as you have been? Likely not. 
You can't trust a Democrat... 
Why is this a problem?
I am not a huge Hillary fan but I don't see the point of this article.  It is a lot of BS.  She was  a senator from New York.  Her husband's presidential library is in New York.  She obviously has a lot of ties to that state. 

It does take a lot for someone to realize that she would obviously receive a larger portion of her donations from that area than another candidate with less ties to that area.

It is like whining that more people on Denver buy Broncos tickets than someone from Kansas City.  Duh!  
I believe the article mis-characterizes what Bernie said. There is a difference between "calling for" something and acknowledging it as an option. 

I watched the forum. From what I heard, he didn't "call for" a constitutional amendment. That implies that he actively wants that amendment. 

What I took was that *if need be*, he would support an amendment. I believe he said something along the lines of  "...or maybe even a constitutional amendment".

Therefore, he wasn't calling/ asking for a constitutional amendment. He just said it might be a solution to the problem of politicians trying to suppress voters from voting. 

&gt;“People who suppress the vote are political cowards and are undermining democracy,” 

Well said.
Honest question. What does this actually do to get people to vote? I'm registered for a lot of things, but don't partake in all of them. How would this get people that don't usually vote to vote? 
I'm really glad election reform and voter registration is a topic.  This is what we need to address.
ELI5: If the government knows who is over 18 and where they live, why do you need a separate voter registration? (Where i live everyone over 18 is automatically registerd as a voter wherever they live 51 days prior to an election)
As a resident of Washington, there should also be an initiative to have every state have a mail-in ballot option for their general elections. I feel blessed when I see lines every two years of people out and around the block at polling stations on election day. 

So much more people would have the ability to vote without having to worry about getting time off from work or looking for a short-term babysitter in the middle of the day. 

EDIT: I just realized the first three states to legalize recreational marijuana are also the only three states that conduct their elections purely by mail-in ballots (Colorado, Oregon, Washington). 
Agreed. Moving from California to Georgia has shown me an important distinction, and that is its immensely more difficult to register for no reason. I have slower hoops to jump through, and it's much more difficult to know I'm registered, where my precinct is, and the amount of waiting for processing is staggering. If I knew that moving could be painless with the voting process, then that would be great. As it is now, I've missed elections because of the new red tape whereas I never missed a vote before moving.
The reason this country is so messed up right now is because nobody votes for congressmen, and NOBODY votes for local politicians.  We need to rally the young and sensible to pay attention to congressional politics.  Even if Bernie gets elected he will be handcuffed by an uncooperative congress.
Bring on the down vote, but being a felon should not keep you from voting. 
How does one register only eligible voters without some sort of identification? 
I don't understand the problems Americans have with proper ID cards. Most of the other developed nations in the world have some kind of universal ID card. Give it to everyone and everyone who has it is registered to vote. Or can buy alcohol.

The whole thing with getting a driver's license as identification is just stupid.
How about having election day a national holiday if you are registered to vote
This would be easily solved by making a national ID card mandatory for everyone, just like almost anywhere else. If you can get it for free, there'd be no excuse for not having it.

Edit: Spelling.
Why the hell aren't all citizens already registered voters? It almost as if they don't want you to vote...
In my state of Ohio less than half of registered voters voted.  It's literally the least you can do.  I don't understand those who don't vote.  Not voting Isn't the same as voting no.
Bernie Sanders: "passionately upset"
Hell, in Canada if you pay your income taxes there's an option to register to vote automatically.
People seem to be confusing this with mandatory voting. You can still choose to abstain from voting. Also, obviously you'll need to be a citizen. And if you are against people voting, you're against democracy
I feel like it should be a day off of work to encourage everyone to go vote. 
"Think of how stupid the average person is, and realize half of them are stupider than that."

-George Carlin
ITT: People who think that being registered to vote forces you to vote.
The most dangerous religion: Belief in Government
Why is it a bad thing to require ID to vote?  Republican friend demanded I answer him that and I didn't have a response other than "huh?"
Wanna get a good voter turnout? Find a secure way to do it online. The American public is lazy, they "can't be bothered to leave the house". For fucks sake, you do that and give away a $5 gift card to Wal-Mart/Starbucks, you would have a record setting voter turnout.
The numbers just don't lie. Republicans do better when voter turnout is lower. There's pretty much a consensus that the people out there not voting lean Democratic. If they all went out to vote, the Republicans would never win another election unless they made major changes to their platform, which they don't want to do. As much as I am a liberal and like to  put down the Republican party, I can't really imagine that the Democrats would be fighting for this if those citizens not voting leaned Republican. 
rachel was so fucking stoked when he interrupted her to follow up with this response. you could see it in her eyes. 
Everyone who has a valid state ID should already be able to vote.
Sure registration is fine.  Still....hardly anyone will vote.
Why do the comments for every Bernie topic have to be rife with bigotry and and name calling?
I don't even think you would need a constitutional amendment, as the idea is not unconstitutional. 
If you can't bother to register, I doubt you'll actually show up come November of your own accord. You need to have some sense of obligation to inform yourself or at least care about the process. If can't be bothered to registered that's an indication that you won't invest any further in the process.
If you don't care, that makes you a vote that can be bought and you're probably a detriment to the process.
I don't think we should put up roadblocks to register, but you need to be a citizen.
I kinda want to know: why is ensuring full registration and and securing voter rights a BAD thing? because i can't think of many reasons
Right. Getting 2/3 of America to agree on anything. 
You know I'm glad I don't have to register before hand to vote. Show up cross my name off a list, vote and boom done. 
[deleted]
I love how he framed it. It's un-American. Gerrymandering and cheating people out of representation goes against our democratic ideals.
What if you don't want to be registered?
Slightly off topic: is there a video for the whole forum? I missed it :(
Then could we ask for ID? Or is it racist
I'm all for American Citizens that can prove citizenship of this country being able to vote.  
In Australia its mandatory. Although the fine is less than that for having an unregistered dog.
The real problem is not about registration.  It's not having anyone worth voting for.   Put candidates that aren't total lying self serving idiots on the ballot and a lot more folks will register.  
why can't we just vote by finger prints???
Here in Australia we have compulsory voting, the danger is political parties are forced to pander to the lowest common denominator and race each other to give money away to capture those voters. You also get people voting with no idea of the party policies simply voting on past preference or media reports.

Facing a fine for not wanting to vote for any of the bastards always burns a little.
The entire forum was great. I love reddit but the internet has made it so that we wait for other media outlets to tell us what we should have watched for ourselves. 

All three candidates did well and Maddow asked really insightful questions.
ROCK THE VOTE!!
This is another good example of how far America has diverged from common sense based leadership. This should have been enacted immediately after blacks and women were allowed to vote. After all, making sure you weren't one of "those people" was the reason for registering in the first place.
Make Election Day a holiday already and everyone gets a beer after they vote! No matter who they vote for.
no. the majority of the american public is economically illiterate and short-sighted. I'm talking about both the right and the left. 

its a good thing that not every single person votes. otherwise I definitely foresee self-defeating laws and policies being put into place.

traditionally political candidates ought to state the pros and cons of policy so that educated people can make decisions on them. however the fact that most candidates aren't fair and balanced in how they present viewpoints and the lack of proper economic and judicial literacy in the american public come in the way.




So if someone doesn't want to be registered to vote (for whatever reason), they will be forced? No thanks
Amend the document that spells out govermental limitations and establishes individual freedoms to now mandate government involvement to ensure everyone takes a specific action. He sounds qualified to swear an oath to uphold that document.
The right to NOT vote should remain a thing. 
How is requiring voters to produce valid identification during the registration and ballot process wrong?
It would be pretty easy to implement.  

Set federal highway funds as X.  Link that to voter registration via percentage.   States receive  (X* registered voter percentage).

It is how they forced states to raise the minimum drinking age.  
I feel that voting is a very patriotic thing, and obviously everybody has the right to do it. However, I don't know how I feel about forcing people to vote. I think all people *should* vote, but I don't think it should be mandatory when its just to raise voter turnout. 
What if I don't want to be registered?
Isn't that what they have in Zimbabwe? 
It's a start, but I think making election day a holiday might have more of an effect. We have so many random holidays, but can't make one for the day we elect the person who will run the country for the best four years?
But it's the right of special interest groups to suppress the vote as much as possible, that's the way every country does it.  Otherwise the will of the people will be free to vote however they wish and that can't be allowed to happen.
Of all the things that Bernie Sanders has put into his platform, this is the one that will piss the Republicans off the most.  They love it when disaffected people don't vote.  They thrive in the environment where their core group of scared old white people show up at the polls every time and punch the R button reliably, every time.  

Stop letting racist grandmas led by rich white sociopaths dictate how this country is run.  
While we're at it, amend the Constitution to make Veteran's day voting day and a national holiday.
The number of people here who didn't bother to read past the headline and think that Bernie is suggesting mandatory voting is sadly pathetic.
ok so everyone is automatically registered.  this doesn't mean they will vote
Anybody who does NOT want to see every American vote is pretty un-fucking-American.

And while you're at it, make election day a national holiday or do it on a Sunday.  Thanks.
I want to hear him defend this one.  IMHO you can't force responsibility.
No.

If you can't even bother to register to vote, you don't deserve to vote.

We don't even automatically register people for civil service. It's a crime to not register, but even then we still let people make their own choices!
I'd prefer if someone would support more secure and reliable voting systems before a 100% registration. 
We are required to sign up for the draft. We should be required to register to vote in the same manner. 
That's sweet. Bernie thinks that the majority of Americans believe in, or care about the US election process. The numbers from the last election tell another story. Get the cash out of Washington. When politicians spend as much time on the job as they do fundraising, people will start to have faith in their government again. 
This is the man America needs. Sadly America is to dumb to even realize that there's a candidate that will genuinely fight for them. But you know, MURICAH! 
Give us some good choices and maybe we'll come vote more often.
Can we not have a discussion about the idea of wanting everyone to vote?  I don't think it is inherently a good thing for everyone vote.  There are a lot of people who are simply not educated enough in general and on the issues to be able to make an intelligent and informed opinion. Do we really want these people to be choosing the people in charge of running our country? Also, there are people in certain situations which are moral hazards in the context of voting.  They are not freely making up their mind. They are being bought.  Anyways, I think we should't be so quick to think that having everyone vote is a good thing.   
I agree, but demanding everyone become a  registered voter doesnt mean they will vote. 
So does this mean that he wants ex-convicts to be able to vote? Hopefully. To be honest, we suppress ex-con rights quite a bit here in America. If they've served their time and are truly rehabilitated then they should be trusted with firearms and voting and all that stuff.
Mandatory voting is useless without reforming the voting system itself.  We will forever be stuck to choose the lesser of two evils as long as our voting system allows vote splitting and third party spoilers.  True reform would be to change our voting system to allow voters to rank the candidates in order of preference, and use a series of instant runoff elections to pick the candidate.
About time this was raised in mainstream discussion.  For too long we've allowed taxation without representation in this country.
Political scientist here! I did my graduate research on voter turnout, and the only "reform" that highly correlated with higher turnout in 2008 (replicated in the midterm election year 2010) was election day registration.  Essentially allowing people to register as they show up (if not registered already of course). 

The research (along with a pile of other factors) got me interested in Oregon, where I have since moved. All elections in Oregon are vote by mail, and after the last legislative session, you are now automatically registered to vote when you get your license (you have to opt OUT). Even under these friendly circumstances, turnout is not overwhelming here. 

Same day registration reduces the "cost" (time, trips to government offices, etc) of voting. Making voters out of anyone eligible is essentially the ticket.
That would be nice, but right now it's probably more prudent to propose an constitutional amendment for campaign finance reform.
A true peoples man. I will seriously be depressed if he isn't our next president.
This guy can lead the USA to the revolution it desperately needs. I would vote for him.
A man chooses, a slave obeys. 
Let me preface what I am about to write with, I am voting for Bernie in the primaries.

I just wish Bernie stood a realistic chance of actually winning :( He is really what this country needs *right now* and it feels like he is the best example of why we can't really have who we really want. It seems like all the odds are so stacked against him and especially from his own party. I don't understand why Hilary is so revered and Bernie is seen as this loose cannon who is too wild to elect. It's truly disheartening to watch. Anyway go Bernie! I am with you all the way.

One last thing ... the day after the debate NPR/KQED was in a complete pep rally mode for Hilary and that hasn't stopped since. Additionally they take every chance they can get to point out that Bernie has zero chance of winning. It's shameful and they should be embarrassed to posture themselves in such one dimensional way.
Bernie is awesome.
If republicans could do it they would only let people who make $1,000,000 able to vote.
If you're too lazy to register, you have no business voting.

"Land of the free"
You MUST vote
This circlejerk is the kind of shit that makes me want to downvote 5000 times. 
In breaking news, Bernie Sanders proposes more legislation that makes sense!
Force-feeding the polling booths with more disinterested, uninformed voters ensures that American institutions are made prisoner to the lowest common denominator, where the left-wing message plays well.

In related news, Bernie Sanders also has plans to do a lot of other pointless shit.
And next week on the front page of reddit:

**Bernie Sanders says all Americans should be cured from cancer regardless of race or economic standing**


All he does is make empty promises, much like our current chief
its so fucking easy to register, if u cant put forth the effort to register, they have chosen not to vote 
It works really well in Australia! /s
This is 2015, why in the hell can I make large bank transactions, purchase items, conduct stock trading, check on my health records, and even verify my own identity online but I HAVE TO GO TO A FUCKING SCHOOL/CHURCH TO VOTE. 

What logic is in that? If you are so fucking worried about people cheating the vote why aren't you worried they will steal my health info or rob me blind? There is no reason we don't have an app that allows us to vote for local all the way to presidential candidates. Don't say it's because things break to easy or only the rich own a phone. Keep the same voting places open but don't pigeonhole us all into taking a metal pole and poking out fucking punch cards (I'm staring dead fucking at you Florida). 
Isn't he supposed to be campaigning and promising to try to do these things *if* he's elected? 
let make it easy, if you turn 18 goverment automatically register you and fucking send out color ID to your house. That your ID for life. Ok let just fucking solve this stupid problem and move on. 1
Not voting is a vote.
RemindMe! November 14, 2015 "Check back to see if Hillary supports 100% automatic voter registration at age 18"
What a clown. This guy is never going to be the nominee.
Or what?   Honestly, fuck all of these big government senior citizens.   I'm over this guy.  
Ugh, most people are way too stupid to vote. 
Election day should be national holiday.
Conservatives, is it not obvious that you are voting for the bad guys when they are trying to keep people from voting? I mean, is that not obviously a huge red flag?
force people to vote, who don't care about government or politics. What a brilliant idea.
Bernie Sanders will be 75 years old on election day. 
So the more illegals the Democrat party can bring into American and vote , the sooner Democrats voters will permanently out number the Republican party.

Poll: Majority of Democrats Think Illegal Immigrants Should Have Right to Vote in U.S. Elections
According to a new poll from Rasmussen Reports, 53 percent of Democrats believe illegal immigrants should have the right to vote in U.S. elections so long as they pay taxes. Although the number is significantly lower, 21 percent of Republicans believe the same. The majority of the country, 60 percent, believe illegal immigrants should not have the right to vote. From the survey:http://townhall.com/tipsheet/katiepavlich/2015/05/29/poll-majority-of-democrats-think-illegal-immigrants-should-vote-n2005563
Constitutional amendment to guarantee 100% voter registration?

This candidacy is becoming increasingly absurd.
This man is my president. 
wait, just to be clear, is he calling for compulsory voting?  cus if he is this is the straw that breaks the camel's back for me with him. 
BLOCKCHAIN OR BUST. IN CRYPTO WE TRUST
http://motherboard.vice.com/read/the-first-bitcoin-voting-machine-is-on-its-way
Come on man... where's are UK Bernie Sanders at yo?
I'm not sure how I feel about this one.

There are a lot of people who just simply have no desire to vote. They could be sick and tired of politics, bored by it, or perhaps they're the type to start fights over the internet but won't take their vote to the booth.

So, there's going to be the "I don't give a shit" vote that's added, and I'm going to guess that is a significant (and by significant I don't mean the majority, but enough for politicians to want to try to win over) population. If everyone has to vote, candidates will come up with a strategy to shift the small, fleeting opinions of the people who pretty much don't care one way or the other. 
He can "call" for whatever he wants. If voters keep electing republicans to congress, he'll never get anything passed into law.
[deleted]
Hell yeah!
How is this even a discussion in a civilized country? FFS get it together 'Murica!
We have compulsory voting in Australia, doesn't bother me. I hope you lot can adjust to it too.
i missed the forum. anyone know where i can watch it?
I'm cool with Bernie.  I assume we all get the same realized tax rate, right?  


It would be like this, but nationally
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=chLig3rDqeg
[Effin' A Cotton](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9qyZ_Rt7jak)
The first new amendment we should consider is making the amendment process easier.  3/4 of the state's approval and what not is ridiculous in the present day.  With law makers unable to amend the constitution, they simply right unconstitutional laws and hope nobody notices, or write intentionally vague laws so that their constitutionality is in question.

We need to make the Amendment process easier so that we stop these kinds of problems and open the door of opportunity of making constitutional such things like Marijuana and the like.
Can someone ELI5 this for us non-Americans? Why do you need to register to be able to vote?
I'm really worried that this guy is too good to be true. 

Robot? Alien? Lizard person? Probably not... Probably
Repubs will be against this until they die. They "love America" too much for this to pass.
Didn't they have 100% voter participation in the USSR?
I think this is the first time I can come to agree with this guy.  Although I do despise anyone mandating someone to do anything. However, this would be a great time get them that photo ID.  You would think that with 10s of millions of people unaccounted for in the US, it would be in everyone's best interest to ensure the accuracy of the vote as well as limit voter fraud and manipulation. To claim this is Jim Crow is totally inappropriate and offensive. 
My first reaction to this was "Gee, Bernie is swinging for the fences to get attention."

My second reaction, after a few moments of thought is, "Gee, that's a great idea.  Why didn't we think of this a long time ago?"
Don't you touch our Bernie
Turn him into a martyr 
Don't you touch our Bernie 
Filthy government pigs
Add online voting to this and I'm in.  Roll this into auto registration for health care and I might have both.
We will have democracy, by force! 
If you guys just voted really hard and just peacefully protested really hard this kind of stuff wouldn't happen in this wonderful Democratic system, right?
You can get 100% voter registration, but that doesn't mean 100% of the population is going to go out and make the effort to vote.
I think it's more important to make election day a holiday. If we can't expect people who work a minimum wage job and can't take time off to get an ID, how can we expect them to take time off to vote? Besides, poll booths get swamped all at once with people getting of work and coming in at the same time. Bernie is pushing for this as well. 
Can we get a national voting day and have off so we can vote and then go home to sleep?
For this to pass the Democrats would have to concede that all local and federal elections take place on the same day, which is surprisingly a sticking point. Dems like having off-cycle elections for school board and city council etc because only the people who really care (I.e. public employees) show up to vote on those days.
There will never be a way of guaranteeing 100% registration.
BS talk.  How are you going to auto register everyone?  Through driver's licenses?  You do realize you ONLY need a bank statement/utility bill with your name on it to claim your ballot in most states, right?  It is impossible to do.  
One of them needs to call for electronic voting via cell phone. If we can spend billions on a damn healthcare website, we can soend billions making a secure app and site for easy voting
It's about fuckin time. It's amazing how Bernie is literally the only guy saying this. 
I'm suspicious of the ulterior motive of expanding jury pools.

Edit: I had no idea people would take this seriously.
To my mind, the only way to "guarantee 100% voter registration" is to issue a national ID card, something the US, proudly, has never had.

If you have no NID, you can't be sure the person is a citizen, and, all joking aside, do the Democrats *really* want ALL non-citizens voting? I get the undocumented "workers" who do all the jobs us lazy Americans can't be bothered with, but  undocumented workers aren't the whole story. What about the undocumented al-Qaeda, or the undocumented drug king-pins or... the list is rather lengthy. 

Do we want to become so socialistic that we have to carry papers? Sorry Bernie, many of your ideas are good, even great. This one scares me. Even if you think protecting the vote for ONLY citizens makes me a coward. (I *do* want to "suppress" the vote as far as illegals (OF EVERY RACE, GENDER, SEXUAL ORIENTATION, AND ETHNIC ORIGIN!) are concerned. And anyone who does *not* want to protect that vote is trying to destroy democracy.
“If they can’t face a free election, they should get another job.”

I like this dude,
where I live everybody get a voting card in the mail when an election is coming up, if people turn up with their ID and the card to vote is their own business, but no required registration apart from being a citizen 
I'd call for one step further, and have mandatory voting for every citizen over 18, unless they have a reason not to (like not in the country). Voting is an irrational economic decision, since your single vote will almost certainly have no impact on the outcome of the election. The only way to have a representative government is to force everyone to participate. If they don't care, they can cast a blank ballet. 
http://i.giphy.com/n5amtC6e1Lpu0.gif click on it.
I think we can all agree this is a good idea, Republicans and Democrats. We all want people voting. But there needs to be a list and you need to prove who you are to get striked off that list. I think that as reasonable people you could all agree with that. I do not believe and I don't think you believe that you should be able to walk up to the booth and just vote, do you?!
100% means everyone gets jury duty. You want that reddit?
I don't care if we have to resort to a system of dying our index fingers blue to prove we already voted; pre-registering is bullshit. You should be able to show up and vote
YES, This!  Only Bernie Sander's election will give me any hope at all for my country, sad to say.
lol i thought that was the 15th amendment 
Why can't all US citizens be registered to vote?
Just make voting a national holiday.
Make voting easier...not harder! 
Does this also mean that if you state a party preference, the relevant party will get to have your personal details whereas they previously didn't?

Besides, isn't there some better way? Just send everyone a voter card in the mail before an election?
Good tired of the pussy GOP getting their way and suppressing peoples rights. 
How is 100% voter registration automatically a good thing? Will that lead to 100% voter turnout? No. Will that guarantee the election of more progressives, socialists, and whoever else is best at promising free stuff to the people too lazy or incompetent to register themselves to vote without a law like this in place? No.

America doesn't merely belong to the people who live here. It belongs to the people who have the balls to get up off their asses and grab it. It belongs to the people who want it. And if some people in this country can't be bothered to fill out one form and vote every few years, then that's their loss. It's nobody's fault but their own.
He wants all the stupid people to vote. He'll win for sure.
[deleted]
If these people don't bother to register to vote, I doubt that auto-registering them will help. Some may fill out the ballot that's sent to them, but the vast majority probably wouldn't.

I think we need a more complex set of incentives to improve the voter turnout. There could be a program of education, like an online course and test regarding candidates and measures. Completing the course and then submitting a vote will result in a positive incentive, perhaps a small tax credit or cash payout. The negative incentive would be that anyone who signs up for the program would be fined for failing to complete the course/vote. 

Oversight of the education program would be difficult, but I think some sort of open, wiki-style course might work. Let the general public manage the info, voting to eventually form for/against statements and broad repositories of political information. This could be a sort of social network, that would integrate into facebook and other online platforms. 
Let's all suck Bernie's dick! 
Fuck that, if I wanted to be registered to vote I would do it myself. Sanders just lost himself a vote.
Good for democrats, bad for America. Too many people are already voting. We shouldn't be allowing college aged kids to vote either. Most political views college kids experience are a phase that healthy people eventually grow out of. Raise the voting age to 30.
It will be nice when he doesn't even win the primary...then hopefully the circle jerking will slow down.
Is this what we can expect? He'll call for things that will never see the light of day, rather that proposing things that might actually pass? 
Holy cow I can't believe the comments.  100% voter turn out is not a good thing.  That's what Australia does and it makes a lot of people vote who have no idea what the candidates stand for, they just vote so they don't go to jail/get a fine.  If people don't want to vote, they should not have to
Only 100%? In mother Russia anything below 150% and you find yourself in a gulag registering snowflakes. 
Didn't Hillary Clinton bring this up a while ago? Something about just having voter registration be automatic once you turn 18?
The man's a radical.
There is no right to vote - the US constitution says who may vote, it never says voting is a right 

I'm not against voters or voting - vote early and vote often 
I would go as far as to say that beyond this, voting should be compulsory.  Australia has had this since 1912.
#[this is how voter ID laws keep people from voting](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZuiS6Cqe2JU)
Um no, I have the freedom to not vote. We're about freedom here. You really want people voting who don't know shit about politics?
You know what, not everyone should vote. Hell, a large amount of people in the country shouldn't vote. If you're not going to be informed about what you're voting for, why be another uninformed citizen voting for the name you heard most on the news.
Damn we need Bernie Sanders in the Presidential office.
He's so old. He will die in office....said Obama voters about McCain. I'm pretty sure Bernie Sanders looks much older than McCain did when he ran.
No on is suppressing votes.  100% voter registration is an open door to corrupting the process.
100% democrat voter registration.
How about, we still get to choose if we vote? I don't want to vote in presidentials and for most part don't want to vote in my local elections. I know I'll get down voted  but it's my god damned right as an American not be made to vote or coerced into voting. If your not free to say nah I ain't voting then what the fuck. 
&gt; maybe even a constitutional amendment that says that everybody in America who has 18 years of age or older is registered to vote, end of discussion

I guess it doesn't even matter if you're a legal US citizen.
Bernie Sanders if everyone that could register would register and vote, would be president Bernie Sanders even today.
http://i.imgur.com/pH6dgoR.jpg
I'm voting for him. Without a doubt.
I'm glad to see this being addressed.  Also the places where you CAN vote needs to be expanded.  Not everyone has transportation to and from locations.  Pre-paid mail-in ballots to poorer communities may be a wise option, and CERTAINLY *all* college campuses NEED to host ballots given that college students disproportionately have more logistical challenges voting.  Minorities too.
I love everything Bernie says,  and this is no exception. But what Amurrca needs is a population that actually puts their registered voter status in use by *VOTING*
And election day should be a holiday. So if you work, it's time and a half pay. 
Constitutional Amendments are guarantees of individual rights. They are not mandates that you MUST exercise those rights on an individual level.

There Bernie goes again. Bastardizing what "freedom" means, and trying to turn the Bill of Rights into the "Bill of YOU MUST DO THIS".

Can't wait until he fades away.
[deleted]
First of all, this would just open the door to more illegal votes being cast. California has cracked the door recently when they stated about 6 months ago they would issue driver license to the illegals in their state. Then about 3 weeks ago they stated that when a drivers license is issued, registration to vote would be automatic. If this isn't an all out attempt to give illegals the ability to vote, I don't what is.
Secondly Bernie, its not that there aren't enough voters, the voters aren't exercising their right. This country has some of the lowest voter turn out in the world.
Understandable too given his plans for Postal services in regards to small banking and his pro-worker voting record. Great to see and well deserved.
I'm happy a larger union finally endorsed the candidate with a [98% lifetime rating by the AFL-CIO](https://votesmart.org/candidate/27110/bernie-sanders?categoryId=43#.VkR5T78l-Bg)! (I.e. a virtually entirely pro-union, pro-worker voting record.)

The fact that unions are still endorsing him bodes well. For all the shit we give other groups when they endorse against their ideals, very few special interests would endorse someone with absolutely no chance this late in the race. 

Bernie might be behind, but he's definitely not out.
&gt;“We should judge candidates not by their political party, not by what they say, not by what we think they stand for, but by what they do,” Mr. Dimondstein said.

It would be great if more voters selected candidates based on what they do.  It's unfortunate that too many voters will select a candidate merely based on what they say, their looks or whether they can have a beer with him.
I know this would get buried but I'd just like to point out that this is not the union of the whole post office. It seems that the APWU represents clerks, technicians, BIG mail truck drivers (18-wheeler ones) etc... The USPS has two other unions: The National Association of Letter Carriers (for city carriers; i.e. your mailman that wears uniforms) and the National Association of Rural Carriers (they don't wear uniforms). 

No worker from a different craft can join the other union. They belong to their respective ones.

The more you know.
It amazes me that unions in general have lined up for Clinton. You would think Sanders would be their obvious choice. The same can be said for political endorsements. I have been surprised that Warren has not thrown her considerable political power behind Sanders. These are endorsements that should have come naturally.
So how many times do y'all think this is going to be on the /r/politics front page? It's currently on here three times, but I think it it can be on here at least another 3 more times!
Whoa whoa whoa.

Where's the balloting on this? The proof that the union membership voted for this action?

That *is* the standard, right? That unions are supposed to be democratic, and ask the membership who to endorse? That union leaders are not supposed to take the question into their own hands to decide without the input of the membership who they think is best?

Or is that only for Clinton? Because we all know Bernie is awesome and "deserves" endorsements?
I'm a member of one of the largest trade unions in the country. At union meetings, people will literally tell us who to vote for. This is not democratically decided. 
https://youtu.be/Rg_4z2adv6Q?t=23s
Sorry to be *that* guy. The APWU is *not* the mailman union but the pretty much the rest of the post office. The National Association of Letter Carriers (NALC) is for City carriers (most mailmen) and the National Rural Letter Carriers' Association (NRLCA) is for rural carriers
Wait wait wait, underdog? The headlines in this sub made me believe that he was in the lead over everyone else!
Seeing how 2/3 of the Bills Sanders passed was about the Post Office, I can see why!
I'd support him too if he was turning my place of work into a bank.
The fact that government employees are allowed to lobby the government is part of why the system is broken.
The Clintons hung unions out to dry with NAFTA. Bernie should be a slam dunk choice, not a surprise one. 
Sanders isn't the underdog.. He's clearly winning.
Is it really necessary having this post on the front page in three different subs?

It's pretty obvious the hive-mind here wants Bernie, go spread him somewhere else. 
Great!  Now all he needs is even one superdelegate to even attempt to overcome Clinton's having 1/5 of the 2246 delegates needed to lockdown the nomination.
As someone in the labor movement, this is indeed quite a boost. The Postal Workers Union is not a force to be sneezed at and is an important part of the labor movement.

Hopefully others follow suit but sadly I predict that many will continue to fall in line behind Clinton (which is sad considering that the big retail unions will likely end up backing the former Walmart board member)
This is cool and all, but do we really need [3 posts about it](http://i.imgur.com/VfoARGi.png)?

edit:  wrong link  


How long before this [story](http://www.politico.com/story/2015/11/hillary-clinton-email-fbi-probe-215630#ixzz3rJeWTfry) "FBI steps up interviews in Clinton email probe" takes Bernie from the "underdog" position, to the only rational choice?

Well deserved. He's advocated for the USPS for years. I met a worker the other day who's known about Bernie a long time for all the work he's done for their union. 
I am curious who makes this decision? Is it the upper echelon at the Union? Is it one man? Is it put to a vote? A typical govt agency wouldn't seek approval within before doing something like this. I was just curious if anyone knew how these endorsements come about?
And so it continues!! The working class takes a small step in the right direction! Hooray!
I'm pretty well believing at this point that Bernie has earned himself a seat at the table. 

Pundits be damned. This is the kind of candidate we've been looking for.


I really hate when people call Sanders an *underdog*. Why the fuck is he in an underdog? The elections are a year away, we are *just* starting to see what he is all about.

**All Hail Bernie, praise thy name...** 
Meanwhile if this had been a corporate endorsement for another candidate everyone would being talking about money in politics and corruption, etc. 

Face it folks, this is a special interest group that by endorsing Bernie, expects something in return. 

And I have no problem with organizations (unions, corporations, not-for-profits giving candidates) giving money and endorsements to candidates. But you cannot be for public union endorsements and at the same time be against Citizen United. 
[deleted]
Perfect analogy: America under Bernie will be run like the Post Office.  
The shillening
Ahh, the coveted Postal Workers Union endorsement. It's in the bag now!
Seems like he is getting a lot of boots on the ground
ITT:  People saying polls this early are meaningless when talking about Sanders, but use those same polls to try to prove how much better Hillary is doing.  :)
Makes sense given his voting record and their interests
I've explained to my wife as best as I could why Bernie is so likable and why a lot of people want him to be president. She said ''those are all reasons why he's not going to be president''. Sad..
The question here is will the Postal Workers Union go or not go Postal for the bman?

I know, bad pun but it had to be done.
Underdog... Lol
this really is not helping me keep my hopes in check
They get matching raises as the minimum wage increases...

I know letter carriers and people that work sorting mail that already make $70k+.

http://www.payscale.com/research/US/Employer=U.S._Postal_Service_%28USPS%29/Salary


People who are saying "of course unions are backing Clinton, they want to bet on who is better positioned to win" are missing the point and the power unions could, and used to, have.

If by endorsing no establishment candidate makes dems lose, them dems would be more serious to back a candidate who is pro-union next time.

Being pragmatic has been very very very very bad for unions the past 2-3 decades. They are either insane or corrupt if they continue to back "the lesser of two evils" instead of helping make the best candidate win.
All they want is their pension - and not to go the way of the horse and buggy or blacksmith.
If Sanders' stands by this anti-first amendment Safe Space bullshit then I'm out!
Reminder for all:  the mainstream media telling you that Bernie is the underdog is not necessarily the same as Bernie actually being the underdog.  I think there are quite a lot of people who disagree with the label.
Bern-dog the underdog
I'm seeing a lot of comments that look like the yahoo comments section...wth reddit?
Missed a chance here due a headline that says "Bernie Sanders goes postal!"
I was wondering why I wasn't getting as much Hillary-related direct mail lately.
Except he is no longer the underdog :) but I still want people to believe that ;)
That would be nice if he could stop the slow destruction of the USPS. 

I don't consider paying $5.00 to FedEx or UPS to mail a birthday card being liberated from socialism.
Good G-d. Talk about the kiss of death.

I fail to see how an endorsement from one of the most archaic and backward looking institutions in the US can in any way shape or form help Sanders.


I am a card-carrying Socialist, why should I vote for Bernie Sanders over [Soltysik/Walker ticket](http://socialistparty-usa.net/soltysik-campaign-statement-102115.html)?
Public labor unions are stupid.  They are supposed to serve the public.  FDR understood that.  Public unions cause a lot of problems and waste tax payer money.  You can't effectively bargain with the government.  

Private unions actually  try to work with businesses as if they don't cooperate then the business goes bankrupt. 
As a liberal, it is so hard to reconcile my support for worker's rights with my knowledge of how much certain unions screw up things in this country. Police unions are the main obstacle to properly punishing officers and I believe teachers unions are a major reason why many teachers are looked down on in the US, given that unions make it so many can just coast with tenure and continue being awful teachers...

Unfortunately, I don't really know what the solution is. While I want to believe that stronger laws supporting worker's rights would help, I feel like unions would still be necessary. 
USPS unions jump on board with anyone that mentions them.  They went from Hilary to Obama to Sanders.  Whoever gives them attention.  Just go five days a week already 
Still ain't happenin'.
200,000 members.

Of whom half are registered to vote. Of whom half will actually vote. And half of those won't vote for who the union tells them to vote for.

Well, he got 25,000 votes, or about 500 per state... That he probably already had.

"Bernie Sanders is mentioned in a positive way in this sub, better find the best way to try and prove on why this post doesn't belong here"
Too bad he can't win. He might as well promise every postal worker a magic unicorn to do their routes.
When has a Union ever not supported a socialist? Let alone a Democrat socialist?
Government workers back big government candidate. Interesting.
This is surprising to me. Bernie Sanders wants have post offices double as banks, which would create longer lines at the post office (which already have long lines) and make more work for the employees.
Which unions have endorsed Bernie, and which are backing Hillary? 
Better headline: "Bernie Sanders Just Went Postal."
The only surprise is that they weren't backing him before. People accuse Clinton of being in the pocket of Wallstreet, the Sanders is in the pocket of unions. He's incredibly pro union.
This really huge for Bernies camp
Then, Post Office banking it is!
If you look at the support graphic in that article, it is eminently clear how Debbie Wasserman-Schultz has orchestrated Democratic support for Hillary.  Really irritates me.  But I'm happy he's been endorsed by the postal Workers Union.
Government can't fix Government!
I've been waiting so long for my "Feel the Bern" bumper stickers, that I actually started to think Hillary was looking like a better candidate for a day or 2.
right to work states, "postal workers have a union?"
He's called an underdog because he's more than 25 points behind and the lead Hillary has over him is growing. Here on r/sanders.... I mean r/politics... there is sort of a bubble in reality that thinks Sanders is more popular than he really is. The success of his candidacy is not based on his ideas or policies- it depends on whether or not Hillary fucks up or the FBI thinks she's a criminal. Let that sink in for a minute. People on the left would rather have the corrupt corporate loving Hillary Clinton than Sanders. If she goes down and he gets the nomination by default it will be a disaster. He is toxic. He was on Meet the Press and said he's only running as a democrat because he has to and that he's not a capitalist.... We democrats have seriously screwed up not having a deeper field of candidates. If the republicans nominate Rubio (latino vote) or Paul (moderate vote) we are in big trouble. We took our moderate Webb and fed him to the wolves.  
Whenever I'm sending sensitive documents, or receiving merchandise for my business - I always opt for FedEx/UPS. Why? The USPS doesn't have any accountability.

Package missing? Whoops, sorry.

Damaged in transit? Too bad

Delivered to the wrong address? Better luck next time

Bernie Sanders IS the USPS of politics. Over-promises, under-delivers, and can't even competently perform their basic functions. 
He's just chugging along isn't he.  IF indeed Hillary does win the primaries, I can't see a situation where she wouldn't choose Sanders as her VP.  That combination would be unstoppable.
So, how long before people come in making nonsensical claims about 75 year prefund mandates destroying the postal union? 
Wow. Amazing! Such a great day to be a bernie santana supporter! All for bernie and bernie for all.  

Oh another post in politics about Bernie Sandwich, that's odd.
&gt; The union was unmoved by Mrs. Clinton’s recent opposition to the Trans Pacific Partnership, an Asian free trade agreement that unions have fought and that Mr. Sanders has long opposed.

What the hell? Are they worried those filthy asians are going to be outsourced their union postal jobs? Why is this a major discussion point for the postal service?
They should have thrown in with someone that can win
Extra extra! Labor leader endorsed by industry of slow, replaceable workers most likely to be replaced entirely by robots in the future
[deleted]
BREAKING NEWS! GOVERNMENT ORGANIZATION ENDORSES PRO BIG GOVERNMENT CANDIDATE!
[deleted]
Vote Bernie.
We're coming for you Clinton!
&gt; Underdog

Yeah, right, that's what the media conglomerates want you to think.

Remember when he was an actual underdog and the media would simply ignore him?
Its going to be great around this time next year after Bernie wins the presidential election. I can't wait to see all the angry conservatives crying about a "socialist" winning the election
Why is there a postal workers union again?
Politician promises free stuff and new jobs to a specific group of entitled government workers and they surprisingly give him their support.    
Great story. Surprising even.
Not surprising that lazy union workers would endorse the man who wants to give government handouts to all. 
Every Union that endorses Hillary instead of Sanders is going to get new leadership after Sanders wins the presidency. 
I can't wait to see all you corrupt Union leader get fired. 
I really, really want this years elections to boil down to "Sanders vs. Hillary," which would be a fitting final coffin-nail for the GOP.
At what point are they gonna stop calling him an underdog? I think every time they do that, it sounds like they are trying to discredit him or diminish him as candidate.
Just some history:

The post office would be immediately profitable if it didn't have to prefund two generation's worth of benefits. That requirement was put forth in the Postal Accountability and Enhancement Act of 2006. That act was authored by Tom Davis, who received campaign contributions from FedEx, which directly benefits from a failing post office.

Bernie Sanders is against this act, which is wonderful. It's a very, very simple fix

I disagree with sanders on many points. I do think the only way to keep the postal system afloat is to add minimal banking operations.

Also this endorsement shouldn't surprise anyone considering the fact that in a completely free market the USPS would have failed years ago.
Feel the bern!1
Underdog? This ol' dog shouldn't even be in the race.
He's not going to win the primary and she will not be picking him as a running mate. Out by March.
My read is that Hillary will get the nomination and probably also the White House. Bernie will not let things rest after his defeat but will (after the 2016 election) start an American Democratic Socialist party.

The new ADS will grow - Lots of Millennials, GenXers, and tail-out of the Boomers will sign on - because both 'the system' has let GDP grow at twice the rate of incomes for the last 30 years.
Makes sense. Postal workers are going to need a handout soon since the USPS has been in the red for so many years. 
Sooo. A socialist institution endorses a socialist. 

News Flash. The sky IS blue...
Not to rain on reddit's parade...but everyone knows there is no chance he wins a nomination right? Like..the circlejerk is strong...
Im sorry but we cant elect a 74yr old man as president. Leader needs to be strong and young, not die of a heart attack in office. Hes elderly, just let him live his twilight years in peace.
Any fellow Republicans here spit on their local unionized mailman today?
He's not really an underdog. Everybody just says that he is.
Barring a completely uncharacteristic collapse from Hillary, it's over. Time to get on board the Hilltrain, Bernouts.
So wait. This big union (which is a legal corporation) that gives millions to politicians suddenly supports the guy who doesnt want corporations giving money to politicians? Anyone else see the hypocrisy here?
FUCK postal workers. I've seen the same shitty employees hold overpaid jobs they don't deserve because of these people. There's no accountability for failure. 
Great. All the bipolar nut jobs that screwed up mail service in this country so badly they spawned the creation of FedEx, UPS, DHL, etc.
Too bad the postal service wastes tens of billions of dollars a year. Even putting in banking services will not guarantee their jobs. Post offices will just be filled with low fee ATM's and a few tellers. Best thing would be to limit mail delivery to Mon, Wed, Fri and eliminate wasteful and polluting junk mail. Would save the Fed govt. about $10 Billion a year. FedEx and UPS also use standard mail services and then charge their customers more. It's a scam.

Keeping the post office in its current state would be like subsidizing horse and buggies. 
I do not like the US Postal Service nor its asshats that steal netflex dvds and lose my packages over and over again.

But I will not let it deter me from voting Sanders.

Although it is close because godfuck the USPS

edit: because they blew their 5billiondolla' surplus on their pensions and then claimed "we need federal money" and bush told them to suck eggs.  So they fell for their own greed.  In the early 90's the post office in the USA should have grabbed DNS by the balls and offered and improved the best DNS on the planet along with offering every citizen an email address but they lagged and plundered for their retirement.

so fuck that.
They should run a campaign where Bernie Sanders stickers on mail get treated as priority mail. 
Is there still a post office?
AMERICAN POSTAL SERVICE SLOGAN NOW IS: WE DELIVER FOR JEW. IS FUNNY ALSO BECAUSE THEY FAIL TO DELIVER ANYTHING JUST LIKE YOUR IDLE THREATS TO MOTHERLAND.
Fuck these people. The USPS is the most incompetent organization in this country. My mail is constantly missorted and their customer service line doesn't give a shit and the idiot doing it is impervious to being fired. 
ugh the post office. can he say "no thanks guys", ill pass on your endorsement? imagine if comcast or the DMV decided to endorse him as well, that would be the end of that campaign for sure. I'd still vote for him but yeesh, the post office....
You have whole cities, their suburbs, and their broader region with little or no public transit infrastructure.

Forcing everyone to drive everywhere for everything. Consuming vast quantities of oil and producing vast quantities of CO2.

Decent public transit infrastructure provides people an effective alternative.

EDIT: well this has generated a lot of response. I'd like to thank everyone participating. I'd also like to address some very common complaints people raise that I don't think are appropriate and kinda dumb in my opinion, I often encounter them when discussing this topic and so this has led me to get a bit short with seeing them again and again:

* it cant work because the continent is so much bigger than all those tiny European countries

We are discussing inside cities, their suburbs, and surrounding region. This is comparing apples and watermelons.

* cities have to be planned for public transit and our cities already exist and for cars

Except that never happens, its built after the town has been around and grown into a city and spread out.

* I like to drive / its easier for me / from my cold dead hands!

I do not suggest abolishing cars and I can't figure out why people jump to this conclusion. People need to have a decent choice and only being able to drive is not it. Ideally you should be able to weigh up your options between driving and a decent public transit system and decide what's best for your needs. Sometimes you drive, sometimes you ride.

* you can't transport family groceries/etc on the bus or train

Never suggested it

* It will take me U minutes to walk to the bus W minutes to ride the bus to the station X minutes to wait for the train Y minutes to ride the train to a station near my baby sitter Z minutes to walk to it...

Car is not abolished, never suggested this, maybe you should drive?

* I live in the country and don't need no city folk

Fair enough. Might benefit from improvements of regional and interurban trains and coaches.

* busses...

They're the least form of public transit. Good for coaches, around the suburbs, filling in inbetween railways.
This really stood out to me: 

&gt;Seventy-five percent of Americans polled said was that global warming already having a serious environmental impact or would in the future. Nine in 10 Democrats agreed, compared with 58 percent of Republicans. 
66% want U.S. to join climate change pact and roughly 95% don't know what the climate change pact entails.
Yeah, but the pact is:  we agree not to do shit about climate change.

99.9 percent of Americans haven't read the climate change pact details. 
I wonder how that opinion would change when you told them they can't eat meat every meal anymore.
Hey, I think I was actually part of that survey. That's pretty cool.
Since when does anyone in government give a shit that two thirds of Americans want something?
80% of americans want to eat right and exercise more.  90% of americans want cheaper gas and lower taxes.
If 2/3rds of Americans really wanted the U.S. to join the pact they would take 2 minutes to fill out a voter registration form and another 20 to wait on line to vote against politicians that do not support environmental policies every two years. I am the laziest slob on the planet but if I can vote for even local elections. Then no excuse exists for millions of people who cannot even drag their ass to Presidential ones every four years. The vast majority of people despite the bullshit you see in the press are completely content with the current political climate in D.C.
As long as it doesn't inconvenience them, and we have this:

http://www.cbsnews.com/news/poll-most-americans-understand-arent-too-worried-about-climate-change/
Apparently President Obama [said the Paris climate conference could be a "turning point" in global efforts to limit future temperature rises](http://www.bbc.com/news/science-environment-34960051).

I worry that it will be a "turning point," but not in the way he thinks. Perhaps the events of this conference will at long last make it clear to the world that those with the power to do anything about climate change absolutely *will not* do anything, and that now is instead the time to start stocking up on dry food and ammo against the inevitable coming collapse.
We are so lucky Obama is representing the USA at the Global Climate Conference instead of W or some other science denier/bible thumper.  Frankly, Republicans (circa 2000 and later) at International conferences are a complete embarrassment.
Well we'd need to live in some sort of democracy for this to matter.  Those that rule us take their orders from those that pay them, and that isn't us.
We are a representative republic in a nation where corporations are people. Where dollars equal speech and less than 1% of the country has more wealth than many of those "two-thirds". That is correct, what you think literally does not matter, you are unrepresented unless you have representatives on speed dial. 

Seems nonsequitur doesn't it? It's not.
Opposition to carbon emission regulation is based entirely on corruption.  They want campaign donations from polluting energy companies.  That is it.

"Disputed science," is an excuse because their voters would revolt if they came out and said, "These guys are paying us a lot of money to not do anything."
Polls are misleading and cherry picking one answer that lines up favorably with their narrative is par for the course at a rag like the NYT.

The very next question was:

&gt;How much do you personally worry about Climate Change?

&gt;Great Deal - 14, Fair Amount - 31, Only a Little - 31, Not at All - 24

So according to the same poll where Americans "overwhelmingly support the Climate Change Pact" we have a follow up answer where one could say that Americans are overwhelmingly NOT worried about Climate Change.

This is a non-story if ever there was one.
Too bad the other third got elected to Congress 
But we won't because the .01% don't want us to.....
Only two thirds ?
Meanwhile the top 1% lifestyles will only change 1%.
They're going to have to get that ratio down to at least "1 in 10 Americans" before our government will consider it.
But what do corporations want? That's what matters in the capitalist paradise.
And .01% want the tpp and say FUCK YOU to everyone.
Too bad they're not a democratic country. 
"But 1/1000 don't, so the US won't do shit."
That's great, too bad majorities mean nothing anymore.
That's fine, and I'm all for it. But there's also the factors of cost, policies, implementation, etc. 


If you asked Americans "would you be willing to pay an additional 2% 'green' tax on items such as gas?" Or "would you approve of a state-by-state limit of individual utility usage?", you would get a resounding "no" as a response. 


When it comes to climate change, I don't think there is anyone actually 'anti-environment'; they would say they are 'pro-industry'. So as long as everyone knows what they are signing up for, and that any change like this comes at some cost (hopefully at a cost to the oil cartels and not the average tax-payer) then I say go for it. 


It's like the student debt issue. If the question is "should education be affordable", of course the answer is yes. But when it comes down to the direct impact of an individual, such as "have you, or would you consider paying for someone else's college tuition", you'll see the opinions change (with some exceptions of course). 
Two-thirds of America's money doesn't care.
Want to get drastic on climate change? We don't need new technologies, we need to use the ones we have. Replace every fossil fuel burning car on the road right now with an electric car, and put electric charging stations where every gas station is now.


Done.
Interesting since only 8% of people in America completely understand climate change. Further more, only 1/2 of Americans even believe its happening.
Then why doesn't the US join the pact? Isn't the US an democracy?
These 'pacts' are nothing more than the creation of new financial instruments. Total scam.

The government can't and won't get us off of oil. People like Elon Musk will.

I don't buy that figure.  Two-thirds of the nation doesn't want anything.
But can we just acknowledge that CO2 doesn't really have anything to do with temperature rises. Correlation does not mean causation.

CO2 continues its relentless rise, yet our planet hasn’t warmed in 18 years now. (Despite talk of 2015 as the “hottest year on record,” there has been no average global mean temperature increase since 1997.) All the decarbonization we can do isn’t going to change the climate much.

There very likely is some very small degree of warming attributable to manmade CO2. But we’re just as likely to end this century down six degrees as up eight degrees Fahrenheit, and the general skeptic consensus says that this century will look very much like the last -- up about one or two degrees. Nothing we won’t be able to handle. People sounding the alarm believe in models that have poor quality inputs and far too many interdependencies and uncertainties to be “skillful,” much less should we be implementing wide sweeping international law to combat such a large uncertainty.

If we want to reduce CO2, fine. If we want alternative energy, fine. But don't force these changes under the guise of saving us from global warming. That's ludicrous. 
Should read:

"Two-thirds of liberals who are inclined to support climate change surveyed by NY Times..."
Unfortunately, public policy isn't decided by ordinary Americans. It is decided by a small plutocracy of wealthy individuals and corporations. As long as [the United States remains an oligarchy](https://scholar.princeton.edu/sites/default/files/mgilens/files/gilens_and_page_2014_-testing_theories_of_american_politics.doc.pdf), what ordinary citizens want or need is irrelevant. 
2/3rds of the people want a future for their children. 
If only the opinions of Americans mattered to American politicians
And the other one-third control what the US actually does.  
That other third needs to get their heads out of their collective asses.
A more interesting **statistic** would be actually determining how much people are willing to **pay** to decrease greenhouse gas emissions.  The two questions that are included **show** no evidence that people want to pay to reduce CO2.

Reducing CO2 means more **expensive** transport of people and cargo.  25% of global CO2 are from marine shipping and commercial flights (passenger and cargo).  We either need less flights and shipping or we need to spend money on increasing efficiency and reducing pollution.  **Both** mean paying more for things and paying more to travel.

Production of **animal protein** produces a lot of greenhouse gases.  Would the people who support this also say that they want **animal protein** to only be available to the wealthy?

**Electricity** and **heating** will also be more expensive.  How much is the average person to contribute to **reduction** of CO2?  I don't think it will be a lot.
I'm not fucking carpooling
Too bad that's not how Democracy works

... Oh, wait

The other  1/3 are ignorant to climate change.  And probably the three r's.
This is odd, to me.  I mean, the US is 17% below our 2005 emissions level already, and have issued statements indicating our agreement to continue to reduce our over all GHG emissions.  Our current President has committed to reducing our emissions levels to 32% below 2005 levels by 2030.

So, two-thirds of Americans want the thing that is already in place?  Why would that even be a new item.  It's like saying "Two thirds of Americans want clean water to drink."  It's already part of the plan.  

Furthermore, there are a bunch of different scenarios out there, and estimates of what the temperature of the planet might do depending on the scenario that actually happens.  The scenarios that indicate the world holding steady at 2000 levels don't show dangerous warming.  Only scenarios that show large increases in GHGs indicate dangerous warming.

So, any danger that might exist comes from the idea that the developing nations of the planet - not the US, but the developing nations, will drastically increase the amount of GHGs they emit, AND the population continues to rise.  

If we in the US do "join a climate change pact" it won't change the response of the US, because we have already committed to reducing our GHG emissions.  The fact that the US is "joining the pact" won't change the fact that China has said that they will continue to grow their emissions until 2030 *at least*, and other nations like India, South Africa, Brazil, Indonesia, and others will continue to increase their emissions levels greatly.  India has more than doubled emissions levels since the Climate Change crisis has begun, and will likely double their emissions again while the US continues to reduce ours.

What two-thirds of Americans should want is that the developing nations remain low while we slowly but surely convert our systems to low-energy, low carbon-dioxide producing systems.  Then, if the entire world can be at the levels of say, India in the 1990s, we'll be okay.

If the whole world moves instead to where China will be in 2030, we're doomed, regardless of what the US decides to do.
The opposing third includes the Tea Party, which apparently controls congress, so we won't be joining any pact.  
Well this just ensures it'll never happen
Yeah, but that's only equivalent to about ten billionaires, so the US will not be making any meaningful contributions. 
I couldn't care less about any pact and I think it's probably a bad idea, but I do want the US to make a unified, broad push to convert to nuclear and renewables and make switch completely off of fossil fuels for consumer vehicles.

Hand in hand with that, we must have massive infrastructure investment in terms of mass transit and electric charging stations.
And probably only 1% understands what that actually entails.
I guess it matters more what the special interest and lobby groups want, or the big tycoons that fund the politicians.

But on a more serious note... with the double speak being thrown around in this day and age the "climate change pact" might do the opposite of what it name might imply for all I know...
There's a live AMA right now with the Senior Director of Conservation for Polar Bears International: https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/3uvbae/iama_polar_bear_biologist_and_currently_the/cxi5l2v?context=3

He's talking about the importance of this event
Funny that 2/3rds of Americans want to join the climate change pact but I guarantee you at least 2/3rds of Americans are scared of the safest alternative energy: nuclear. 
Politicians have sold our government to the highest bidders. Our laws aren't written to benefit us anymore. Accepting climate change and deciding to do anything about it would affect corporate profits, so it's likely not going to happen. Sad isn't it. That's the power of human greed. 
If you want an easy way to help reduce climate impact, you can stop buying beef.

I'm serious.  The methane from cow farts has a huge impact on the environment.  If you stop buying beef, the demand is lowered, and the cattle ranchers raise less cows.

Personally I LOVE beef, but experts are saying we need a World War 2 like effort to combat climate change, and I can't in good conscience be one of the people that sit back and wait for the dysfunctional congress to do something or rely on others to make the sacrifices needed to help protect the planet.

Again, I love beef, but I love the environment more.  And pork, chicken, and turkey are delicious substitutes that have far less of an impact on the environment.

I'll also mention that I'm on an /r/keto diet which has tons of recipes involving beef, so it's even harder to maintain than average.  If a beef lover like me can do it, so can you.
yeah, and 2/3s of Americans want to fix homelessness but 2/3's also don't want to raise taxes. The climate pact would raise prices, are people willing to pay? Nope. We could fix all sorts things but no one wants to drop the dollars. We could raise the price of gas taxes and get awesome roads, but nope. 
My understanding of US politics is that It doesn't matter what the majority of Americans want. 
And yet,  [France bows to Obama and backs down on climate ‘treaty’](http://www.cnbc.com/2015/11/28/france-bows-to-obama-and-backs-down-on-climate-treaty.html)

&gt;*France has offered a key concession to the US on the eve of historic climate talks in Paris, saying a new global climate accord will not be called a "treaty" and might not contain legally binding emissions reduction targets.*
Sure, lets chain ourselves to restricting our quality of life. Even if the US cuts carbon emissions to 0 , all of our sacrifice will be undone anyways by the indians and Chinese.  (Nothing against them, just saying). 
The Koch brothers, John Birch Society, and friends don't. Emissions controls are expensive, as would be losing fossil fuel profits. 

It's much less expensive to give $hundreds of millions to evangelical political organizations and campaign contributions. 
Yeah but then two thirds of Americans will vote for politicians who want the opposite.
Then VOTE, people!
Don't worry they aren't the Important Americans. Call me when 2/3 of Oil Company Executives, Wall Street Investors, and Congressmen do. 
The first step in addressing climate change is building our lives around transportation/appliances/households ect... that are drastically more efficient than what we have today. Clean energy is the next step. People then will be able to stomach the transition from fossil ---&gt; green once the energy consumption/household is lower.
The only voices that matter are the wealthy causing the problem by delaying advancement of clean technology. Until money is out of our political system, nothing will change, even if its too late.
What like canada and Mexico?
it was the only country not to join the Kyoto protocol, I'm sure that won't change.
&gt;"Two-thirds of Americans want U.S. to join climate change pact"

In response the congress has presented the people TPP. And after we've counted all the ~~money~~ votes congress has decided that the people want TPP and congress still needs more time to figure out what a climate is.
Nobody knows what's in the pact.  What if it's all political do-goody feely stuff that does nothing to solve the problem?!!
&gt;in 1997, the parties agreed to the Kyoto Protocol, acknowledging the existence of man-made global warming and setting goals for worldwide emissions reductions. But that year the United States Senate voted 95-0 to adopt a measure rejecting any international agreement that “would result in serious harm to the economy of the United States.” The United States never joined the Kyoto treaty.

Wow, so in 1997, we didn't have a single senator who supported the Kyoto Treaty? We have a lot of work to do.
And the other 1/3 of Americans either can't get off the couch to answer the pollster's phone call, don't believe that sounds coming out of the telephone are human or rely on a third party to decide what they should do hour-to-hour....
I heard that climate change is a young generation's probably caused by the previous generations.

So here's an idea: (I'm not serious, btw) how about using the money we would pay for social security, and put that into climate change reform?
Do you think we're at a time where we can vote for these matters over the internet? Like internet voting polls and the government just brings them into effect, so they're more our servants and not our leaders. 
this issue is already too far gone in my opinion.  Our entire way of life is built on these dense hydrocarbons.  Either we stop burning now, and the global economy contracts considerably now because so many depend on the production, distribution, refining, and sale of fossil fuels.  (think Russia, Venezuela, or US states like Texas) or we continue burning and the rising seas flood coastal cities and cause trillions upon trillions of dollars in economic damage
All you have to do...is believe!
To bad they live in a country where it only requires 1% to get things done. Fucking Clownshoes
I'd love a global climate change pact, but I'm also 100% confident that we don't have the leverage to call out China and India when they inevitably break it and lie about exceeding targets.  Just look at the Chinese stock market situation.

It's the same problem with the Iran Nuke Deal.  I am a huge fan of the deal's text but I'd never sign it because Iran will break it.
People need to just stop being lazy when it comes to local transportation. I have way too many friends who need a car for any distance over a block. I understand if it's storming out or it's just one of those days, but riding your bike two miles on a summer day isn't going to kill you.
2/3rds of Reddits front page this week will be narrative ~~global warming~~ climate change. 
SUV sales are at record levels and Americans oppose higher gasoline and energy taxes.  
How much more proof do we need that our "representatives" do not represent us?
I found a different number, pew research,..Global warming also ranked near the bottom of Americans’ 2014 priorities for President Obama and Congress (28% said it was a top priority). Similarly, when asked last November about long-range foreign policy goals, 37% named global climate change as a top long-range goal; by comparison, 83% cited guarding against terrorist attacks and 81% named protecting American jobs as top goals.
&gt; But just one in five Americans favored increasing taxes on electricity as a way to fight global warming; six in 10 were strongly opposed, including 49 percent of Democrats. And support was not much higher for increasing gasoline taxes, at 36 percent over all.

That's because the question ignored any use of revenue, which makes it sound like people have to pay more for taxes that disappear into a black hole. [Research shows](http://closup.umich.edu/issues-in-energy-and-environmental-policy/13/public-views-on-a-carbon-tax-depend-on-the-proposed-use-of-revenue/) that when you specify a use for the tax revenue, support increases drastically, such that [a majority](https://e360.yale.edu/digest/majority_in_us_support_revenue-neutral_carbon_tax_survey_says/3222/) of [Americans support carbon taxes](http://ns.umich.edu/new/releases/22300-support-for-carbon-tax-grows-when-revenue-fuels-renewable-energy).

Pollsters will eventually have to get this right if we're ever going to get anywhere on climate change mitigation.
2/3 of the people but nowhere near 1/3 of the money.
Make coal the new blockbuster
"A solid majority of Americans" is not Two-Thirds! 
For all you climate scientist types and worshippers.

This pretty much is reality.  Go home, relax, nothing to be done. Keep Calm and Carry On.


http://www.wsj.com/article_email/your-complete-guide-to-the-climate-debate-1448656890-lMyQjAxMTI1MjI5ODcyNzg0Wj
First question: What is the "Climate Change Pact?" I have a hard time swallowing that two thirds of Americans want to do this when already when half of them are ready to vote in Donald Trump.

That two thirds must have been based on 10 people.
[I dunno, what if it's all just a hoax?](http://imgur.com/PEMBJuV)
What's scarier is that 33% don't.
As a Liberal Democrat I'm embarrassed that my fellow Liberal Democrats have gone all in on the Climate Change scam.  The idea that we have a handle on what drives Climate Change is just plain wrong;  driving policy hard without clear information is setting Liberal Democrats up for major embarrassment on par with WMDs in Iraq. 
Study also shows that one third of the US population is retarded
[deleted]
President Trump will figure something out

**"Burning more oil will solve it. Trust me, I'm a shmart guy."**
And the other third are Republican.
One third of Americans still think extreme winter weather stands as indisputable proof against global warming.
...and after they are told what is in the pact, less than 1/3 support it. 
But what does 2/3 *really* mean?  Scientists disagree about exactly what 2/3 is or isn't.  It could mean 1/3.  It could mean 1/5.  It could mean zero.  Why isn't the Librul Media reporting this crucial dissent?  /oil industry
I don't think 2/3 of Americans care about the climate change pact.
Democrats found a new way to collect taxes. This is the only reason they are so behind Global Warming. 
canada :

get to work without driving car for the price of $3 at the highest to ride the ttc in toronto. if you ride it 5 days a week, it costs $15. 


murica land of the free :

$70 on fuel every week (estimated)

murican logic: pay an extra $67 for the comfort of driving your own car to work while the world slowly burns because of emission. wtf


Two thirds of Americans want the U.S. to give up its sovereignty to an organization of dictatorial power mongerers.

Sheeple!
Hm, polls were exactly the opposite last week...
5 years later:

"Two-thirds of Americans bitch about not being able to keep their appliances running when they're not home. Blame Obama for taking the previous statistics seriously."
USA is just being selfish, nothing else. They think the whole world is consisted of USA. Noone else is living in this planet.
Interestingly enough... did you realize that 87.3% of all statistics are made up on the spot?

Further, that 96.1% of those made up statistics are offered as proof in support of some pet idea or another?


I don't recall being asked if I wanted to join this pact. 

**My point is this:** this survey asked 1030 people from a CBS and New York Times poll what they thought about this pact- two rather liberal new sources mind you- and now has an answer that supposedly speaks for two-thirds of Americans? This is a far cry from being a decent application of statistics and an excellent example of media bias- starting with the opening shit statistics, the authoritative (yet inaccurate title) "Two thirds of Americans want U.S to join climate change pact" and even the first line "A solid majority of Americans say the United States should join an international treaty to limit the impact of global warming". That's some majority.

~650 people out of 1030 people responded favourably to the US joining a climate change pact on a (presumably on-line poll) from two news sources known for their liberal bias (and consequently with liberal readership). Or better yet, ~650/1030 responded favourably to: Do you think the United States should or should not join an international treaty requiring America to reduce emissions in an effort to fight global warming? 

Curiously enough the article neglected to mention this question from its own survey: Often there are trade-offs or sacrifices people must make in deciding what is important to them. Generally speaking, when a trade-off has to be made, which is more important to you – stimulating the economy or protecting the environment? 

To which 55% responded the Economy. 

I am generally pro-environment but I can't stand to see this kind of bullshit in the media.

 This is hardly news, but I hope that by pointing this out, it is at least useful in that it can demonstrate how media misleads and persuades public opinion.  
So, two-thirds of Americans are ignorant. Who knew?
"2/3 of Americans think they have the right to make decisions for other people"
The human impact on the climate seems vastly overstated, but I guess that's what happens when you pay for the results you want with the IPCC. The fact that this planet is hurling through space like a target at a gun range is what we need to be thinking about.

the 97% of scientists agree number is based on the same kind of survey with an agenda that yields a 1/5 college women have experienced sexual assault (The accurate number is ~1/53, which is very sad in itself and can only be properly addressed with the right facts). 97% have practically checked the yes box on whether humans have an impact on the enviornment. Within those checking yes, there's a vast difference of opinion on what should be done, but rather than let scientists have at it and not get caught up in the fanciness, it's become a political football with grossly screwed up facts.
Still waiting for Al Gore's disaster predictions to come true.    Manhattan should have been under water now because of all of the melting glaciers.     

I wonder how many of you climate change zealots will become like me in 10 years when nothing happens.  

In the mean time, please use your Sunblock 5000.
https://youtu.be/6UPniOAMx94?t=2m16s 
The other third of Americans want those Liberal hippies to Git Out
lol really?  What 2/3rds were asked?
2/3rds of americans are clueless or want to flush tax money down the drain!
NOT IT!!! https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=hKl2ksAERS0
Some people just want to watch the world burn...
80% of the people with money and that matter don't want the U.S. to join climate change pact.
The thing is that the largest and most well known example of a "Global Climate Change Pact" is the [Kyoto Protocol](http://unfccc.int/kyoto_protocol/items/2830.php), an international treaty that the developed nations of the world signed in agreement to reduce CO2 emissions. The problem however is that this treaty doesn't mandate that developing nations (or second world nations if you prefer), such as China, cut back on emissions. This means that some of the biggest polluters wouldn't have to cut back. For Christ's sake look at that article about China having air quality warnings on the front page earlier today. Those nations SHOULD be cutting back the most.

This leads to the [U.S.'s stance on the Kyoto Protocol.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kyoto_Protocol#US_position) We haven't actually ratified this treaty because of the aforementioned oversight. 

As an example of an agreement that America has ratified and adheres to is the [Montreal Protocol](http://www3.epa.gov/ozone/intpol/), a treaty similar to the Kyoto Protocol, but instead focuses on the phasing out of Ozone depleting compounds such as [Chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chlorofluorocarbon) in efforts to preserve the Ozone Layer, the part of the atmosphere that protects from UV Rays. This is part of a larger multilateral movement in the U.N. known as [The Vienna Convention for the Protection of the Ozone Layer](http://ozone.unep.org/en/treaties-and-decisions/vienna-convention-protection-ozone-layer).

So. The U.S. has agreed to global climate change pacts, we just are more shrewd and don't agree for the sake of it. We want to make sure the resolution or legislation is actually worth enacting.
I'm not interested in useless UN resolutions and pacts, I just want to see the US take the lead in reducing pollution and ship that innovation to the rest of the world. I'm not concerned with global climate change, I work hard to be responsible *now* because *I* want to enjoy the world we live in and not trash it. I want to go for a run when I'm in the city without trouble breathing. I want to play on the water and eat the fish I catch without fear of pollution. I want the parks and woods be healthy and not erode away or die from pollution so I can enjoy them. I paddle and hike and take home more trash than I brought. I work hard to be able to work from home so I'm not part of the problem, and when I do travel I take public transportation when possible. I want a public transit option combined with self driving electric cars. Not only will it reduce traffic and pollution, it'll greatly reduce the number of morons running into each other because they're terrible drivers and screwing up everyone else's commute. I'm sick of the fanaticism and politics around climate change, if stopped wasting as much time on it and actually started *fixing* issues we can *see* without the need for a bunch of computer models, we'd inadvertently solve quite a few of those issues as well.
Does anyone here honestly believe that any of this is going to make a pube's worth of difference in global temperatures? If you want more public transportation just argue for that shit.
Why is the picture related to "Drought"? 

Doesn't global warming REDUCE the chance of drought in California? It increases global ocean temperatures. It creates more precipitation, more rain, more storms. Right? lol? 
If God turns the heat up, you say thank you and like it!!!! 
Trump 2016

Democracy
 I doubt 2/3's know what that means.
Are we governing based on polls now? A significant percentage of Americans want to refuse entry to Syrian refugees. So I'll make a deal with you guys. If you accept the poll about refugees I will accept the poll about climate change.

http://www.bloomberg.com/politics/articles/2015-11-18/bloomberg-poll-most-americans-oppose-syrian-refugee-resettlement
I don't understand. I was just told on Facebook that Climate Change was imaginary. 
Alright boys, once again, you know the drill. Form a circle, take pants off, place dick in hand, Fap. 
Climate change is yet another self-aggrandising way in which humans perceive themselves as more important than they actually are. To believe our meagre existence has changed the planet, and by default the universe, is extremely arrogant, to say the least.
[Climate Change](https://youtu.be/lQqPQ0i_fl0)... [isn't real](https://youtu.be/hKl2ksAERS0])

You are all getting caught in a lie.

Why would government do something in your favor... 
This is a perfect example of Inverted totalitarianism in action. It does not find its expression in a demagogue or charismatic leader but in the faceless anonymity of the corporate state. Our inverted totalitarianism pays outward fealty to the facade of electoral politics, the Constitution, civil liberties, freedom of the press, the independence of the judiciary, and the iconography, traditions and language of American patriotism, but it has effectively seized all of the mechanisms of power to render the citizen impotent. It doesn't matter what the citizens want. What matters are the transnational corporations profit margins.
And drop the TPP
These polls area always interesting, especially when you read the questions asked:  

&gt; Q: Do you think the United States should or should not join an international treaty requiring America to reduce emissions in an effort to fight global warming?  
  
&gt; A: 66% Yes  

Sure...the US should help reduce global emissions...but that's all. Do Americans want to be monetarily penalized for it...no...especially in an economic slowdown.  

&gt; Q: In order to help reduce global warming, would you be willing or not willing to pay more for electricity if it were generated by renewable sources like solar or wind energy  

&gt;A: 55% yes (Down from 75% in April).  

Source: https://assets.documentcloud.org/documents/2623880/full-resilts-of-the-new-york-times-cbs-news-poll.pdf
(edited for formatting...reddit really needs a preview button.)
And yet 2/3rds of Americans won't turn out to vote against Trump. 
"Brrr brrr. Sweaty sweaty. Signy Signy."
99% of Americans don't have a clue what the climate change pact is.
bullshit
Two-thirds of Americans don't understand the implications of this agreement. 
Take the $100,000 Global Warming Believer Challenge!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hKl2ksAERS0
Oh wow really putting the fucksticks to the oil industry by having a super secret club. 
Two-thirds of Americans are idiots; not necessarily the SAME two-thirds, but enough for significant overlap.
two thirds of the Americans surveyed... fixed it for you.
This is just an excuse for all the world's leaders to come together and have a big party boogering underaged boys in the arse.

Just a bunch of power mongering pedophiles throwing a ball for themselves.
I don't.
Join whatever magical pact you want, it isn't going to change shit.
"If two-thirds of your friends jumped off a bridge you would probably jump in after them" as mom used to say. Two thirds of germans thought Hitler was a good idea.   
No we don't. And the NYT? Hardly a trustworthy source.. No agenda there, nope none.. 
What a difference a couple of decades can make. One week ago Lewis was vaulted to celebrity status by conservative and contrarian Web sites and commentators when he disseminated his letter of resignation from the 48,000-member American Physical Society over its support for what he called “the global warming scam, with the (literally) trillions of dollars driving it, that has corrupted so many scientists, and has carried APS before it like a rogue wave.”

http://dotearth.blogs.nytimes.com/2010/10/15/a-physicists-climate-complaints/
No, 2/3 of Americans surveyed answered the question. 

The article title is hardly correct and extremely misleading.
I don't care if they have a train or bus that goes from my front door to my work. There is no way I'm riding public transit in Houston, or anywhere in the US for that matter. I've seen far too many videos of the kinds of people you will meet on public transportation. 
2/3? that seems too high. maybe I'm wrong, but this does not pass the sniff test.
2/3rds?

no one i know thinks this is a priority. 
Should have a misleading title tag!
No, they dont. Nice propaganda try
Unless China is onboard, it won't matter what the US does or doesn't do. China pollutes more than the US and Europe combined.

No politician is going to risk the inevitable public backlash against harsher government environmental regulations while China's industry is running full-bore with little to no pollution controls.
Vostok Ice Core. The science is not in. All scientist don't agree. NYTIMES should be sued for propaganda. Remember the news is a transcript put out by the Gov't.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=234&amp;v=eZVv2AOCnaA
So they can go green without the rest of us.  That'll clear up my morning commute.  
You mean the one that literally says that anyone who disagrees with it WILL be arrested? Fuck that. That's like asking Hitler to come and run your country. 

These people are no different than the Nazis and they want to commit mass murder. That's what "innovating to zero" means. Bill Gates said the goal is to become carbon neutral, you can't do that without a stone age economy and/or the elite committing mass murder and genocide on large populations.

Just so we are all clear. This is a pact that endorses mass murder, genocide, and the complete transformation into a Nazi totalitarian scientific dictatorship.
And far more people can't tell me the capital of Australia without the help of Google. People are stupid. I don't care what their opinions are: catastrophic anthropogenic climate change is not real.
No they don't 
yup, the Moronic Majority strikes again...
2/3 of Americans are idiots
And the other third are too intelligent to buy that nonsense.
Climate change and the impact we have on it is the biggest con in the history of policies. 
I was going to read this article. But the massive amount of loading, auto-playing videoes, and offensive website design forced me to close the page.

Can anyone please post the text?
**tl;dr:** Bernie has 11.2%, second place is 4.8%, Trump has 2.3%, and thinks he deserves it but that Time "can't choose him" because something something conspiracy.

These numbers are from the readers' poll. Time editors make the actual choice.
Worst of all is the failure of conservatives to acknowledge that by impoverishing the U.S. citizen they are creating another unstable unsustainable economy that will not serve their idea of continued domination of the planet for the special protection of the wealthiest few.  

They think they can turn us into Mexico or a Central American nation and avoid all that violence and unrest.  


While I do not agree with him on everything, he's the only candidate on either side that I feel is honest, and would actually try his best to change everything.  Yes I want health care for everyone, and free.  (insert republicans bitching about nothing is free).  I know.  Raise my taxes and everyone else's by 1%, and somehow make advil not cost $80 a pill.  Second, I want any corporate money out of politics.  No super pacs, or corporate donations.  There's FB, youtube, etc.  A candidate doesn't need 100 million to run for office.  They can get their word out almost for free.
Jeb Bush is doing the worst in this voting.  98% voted No for him.  He's voted worse than Kim Davis, the leader of ISIS, and worse than the Koch brothers.

But hey, the 2% voting for him in the Time poll is better than he's doing in the presidential polls.
I'm more disillusioned by the DNC's portrayal of Clinton as inevitable. 
The vibe is lie down, relax and try to enjoy it. I'm not having it!
To be fair Sanders was widely known by progressives who knew anything about politics. (not me).

Best known for his [filibuster of the extended bush-era tax cuts](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VLNKNq9soLE) and the fact that he is the longest serving independent in the history of the U.S.
People like to play it off as nothing, and it's not like it necessarily transforms into votes, but Sanders has a massive internet supporter base. It's showing in his support from young people, on reddit, and in every meaningless online poll. Or maybe it's the other way around, him being popular with young people leads to him dominating the internet? Who knows.

I don't know if it'll have a big impact on this election, but fast forward a decade or so, and the internet and social media are probably going to be the main electoral battleground. People will be more informed, but I'm not looking forward to the (even larger) number of paid interns on every discussion board ever.
I consider myself a 'fiscal conservative' but what he says touches me deeply.  Let's stop categorizing ourselves into political segments and just say "We the people need to recognize there is huge disparity between the haves and have nots."  Most of the people in my personal social bubble, who are fairly well off but have worked very hard to get there, recognize the educational opportunities are not there for a huge segment of the population and that this lacking must be addressed quickly.
Man, the ramped up rhetoric is crazy.  Hero?  How about the presidential candidate some people prefer most?
Is he popular outside of reddit?
When you hear him, you have to ask yourself what he's saying that's so rare or remarkable. He's just telling the truth. Seems we've just become accustomed to spin, trolling and lies.
In a hipster sort of way, I'm glad to say that I've been following Sanders for years. You have no idea how excited I was when he announced his presidential campaign.
Settling for a moral victory now, eh? Smart. 
He's also become a hero among redditors who don't know how economics work. 
I think it has to do with Hillary taking money from corporations and Middle Eastern nations for the Clinton Foundation and her campaign raising. Progressives see her as selling out to the 1% and not caring about the poor and middle class.
My children are approaching their 40s and are not able to realize the 'American dream' such as being able to buy their own home or finishing college. I need to retire soon but with interest rates in the basement my retirement accounts have not grown. It's obvious the system is rigged. I will write in Bernie Sanders on my next ballot. Enough is enough!!
Guys, why is this on the front page? I get it. We like Bernie. But there is no news here, or anything really worth reading. No new information. Just "look how popular he is." The same shit that's been established for months.

I just don't understand how something like this is worthy of such popularity. Did anyone actually get anything out of this post? I don't have an issue with Bernie but I'm a little bit sick of this sub clogging up my front page with the same meaningless bullshit every day. If I see one more "look how popular Bernie is!" "news" article I might roll my eyes so far back they pop.

Get back to me when there's some new information...? Something worthy of attention for more than patting yourself on the back for liking a politician other people like.
I disagree with everything Bernie stands for, but I respect the guy. He walks the talk. It's interesting times I think a lot of people a waking  to reality. Sure as a nation we are divided, but both sides are starting to realize the two party system is rigged.
Bernie Sanders is the presidential candidate America has needed for awhile now. **vote for this man** to restore faith in this country as well as the rest of the world!!
This i s almost diminutive. I have crossed the party line because Bernie represents in my opinion the best chance we have at present. 
I really hope this man becomes president, don't forget to vote in the primaries people, we can do this! Register as a dem if you need to some states require it. Voteforbernie.org
Does this sub post anything besides Bernie? 
Sadly only 20-30% of these supporters will actually show up to vote. 
Maybe people just haven't heard of Hillary.

&gt; In the Person of the Year poll, Hillary Clinton has earned 1.3 % of the vote, trailing the likes of Vladimir Putin and Francois Hollande as well as Nicki Minaj and Amy Schumer.
I am truly looking foward to Reddits total meltdown when he doesn't win the primaries. It's gonna be hilarious watching the mental gymnastics of rationalizing their crawling back to Hillary. Lol 
Thumbnail makes it look like Bern has a lavender mohawk.
"Sanders, who was little-known when he began his unlikely bid for president in April, has become a hero on the Democratic left amount disillusioned progressives...."
&gt;hero
that's what saudi money and a lack of morals does.
I don't understand the American political system.   So is he any chance of being president?

Bernie is really popular among people that don't vote.
"Growing" income inequality? Honey it's here already.

 Wealthy people know it's gone too far, but instead of adjusting some of those trillions back downward they are building get-away bunkers and landing strips. 

Big question is, why the fuck don't the people who are trying to feed a family of 3 on hundred bucks a week know? (btw. That's adjusted numbers for average food allotment during the great depression). Why the hell aren't young people rising up about this?
Why the hell would Jennifer Lawrence be so high up? Did she do something that warrants her being up there with the POTUS and the actual Pope?
tl;dr: /r/politics and /r/sandersforpresident have flooded Time's "Person of the Year" poll so he has about triple the percentage of his closest competitor. 
Vote bernie guys.
I can't wait til this Bernie Sanders circle jerk is over next November. 
Voting vs. voting.  Apparently people fully believe Sanders has a chance at winning Time's Person of the Year Poll, so they vote for him.  Enough of these same people probably don't believe he has a chance of winning the Presidential election, so they've chosen Clinton instead.  Is there any way to tell how many people might have voted for Sanders if they didn't believe their vote would be "wasted"?
[We had never heard of this guy](https://i.imgur.com/SvVktJq.jpg)
And the circle jerk continues...
So what are the chances he can win the democratic nomination? I feel like some news sources I can come to reddit to read since someone will call out bs on the article in the comments. But reddit is also more liberal than conservative and is very pro-Bernie Sanders.

Anyone knowledgeable on here have an honest unbiased opinion for someone less informed?
Bernie will be the first democrat I vote for. It's a little sad to see people on both sides that don't understand that our government should be working for the people. Not for corporate America or billionaires and millionaires. 

It's started with Reagan and his with trickle down economics and Clinton did not help either. People think Clinton dumbest move in office was getting his dick sucked by an intern but really was the repealing of Glass-steagall Act. 

My point is both parties have fucked the United States citizens. I would like see someone who actually will work for me (US citizens) as a president and punish congress and senate that work for corporate America interest. 
He wasn't little known. He has been a congressman and senator for over 30 years. He has sponsored more bills than almost anyone else there.  He has been committee chairman for several prominent committees.  He was never on the news because he never did any really stupid shit, said any really stupid shit, and wasn't busy schmoozing the billionaires for campaign money-- hes been busy, working, for the people he represents. 
Then they should be thrilled with Trump. He doesn't accept money either.
Get money out of politics, end the drug war, and create a program that will stop meteors from hitting earth and I can die happy. 
Nobody knows him. 

Says free stuff. 

Millenials everywhere cheer. 
This is essentially the exact same thing that was seen here in the UK with the Jeremy Corbyn campaign. Little chance ended up with massive support and highest mandate ever in the party
It's not even democrats backing him at this point, it's people who want their democracy back.
He is the only actual democrat running. Hillary is and Martin will merely offer more of the same establishment garbage. 
I know most political subreddits are echo-chambers, but I have to say my bit. And I certainly expect piles of emotionally driven retaliation, and I'm not giving those people the time of day.

Crony Capitalism is the root of the problem with government, not actual Capitalism.

See, when you let Statist ideas like central planning (however much) into the market, it creates a culture of corruption. And to top it off, if an idea is so good it needs to be MANDATORY (like pretty much any idea Socialism promotes) then it's not a good idea. You cannot call force a good concept when it pertains to actual liberty.

This is why Democratic-Socialism is a contradiction of terms...you cannot have Socialism and still maintain a free society.

This is merely the tip of the iceberg, attempting to discuss economics with Bernie Sanders followers is like trying to hold a discussion on cosmology and abiogenesis with Ken Ham. They don't understand subjective value, inflation, the austrian business cycle, and I've yet to meet one that can actually define economics. It's mostly appeal to emotion, black or white, and bandwagoning. But as a recovering Marxist, I know why that is. Socialism appeals to emotions, and the most irrational behaviors are driven by emotion.
Not a day without Sanders on reddit.
Where does Sanders stand on the PC/SJW thing? I'd love a left leaning social democrat that wasn't scared to speak out against what's quickly becoming the absurdly scary aspects of the extreme left.  I just heard a college banned a Yoga class for cultural appropriation. It's shit like this that will get Trump elected.
This AD paid for by the Reddit staff and paid political interests of the Democratic party.  
But he's still not going to be the nominee
I always find it strange when people don't know who Presidential politicians are. I mean seriously, there are only a few dozen at any given moment to keep up with.
M'kay, stupid question: just how do you vote?  I went to the site and saw nothing.
breadth of fresh air
If SNL is doing skits on a him, that only means is he real candidate. 
"TIME’s editors will choose the Person of the Year, the person TIME believes most influenced the news this year for better or worse, but that doesn’t mean readers shouldn’t have their say."

So, just like politics then. Fuck the popular vote...
So either our experiences reflect national trends, or Philadelphia was just a gag, I still can't stand it right now.
&gt; "[Sanders] has become a hero on the Democratic left among progressives disillusioned by growing income inequality and money in politics."

It's not just money in politics. I think many people are disillusioned by the Democratic party establishment.

Basically the plan was to obstruct everything the Obama administration tried on the increase regardless of inequality.
I guess because she espouses the platform.
Didn't 4 chan win this poll one year? Not sure what they prove but "popular on the Internet".
So Sanders really only has a chance at winning Time's Person of the USA that is why Democratic-Socialism is a self-made millionaire.
And a lot of old-school Republicans tired of small businesses getting crushed by corporate power grabs and murderous trade deals.
Yes, Bernie is a great choice, but is he really a better option than Malala?  Talking about People with influence, and that have done something world-changing, she should be a lot closer than 6% back.  Fought for women to get an education, and almost gets murdered for it.  That takes infinitely more courage than raging against the 1% and Wall Street.
Correction "Bernie sanders became well known on REDDIT because REDDIT has a giant hand firmly grasping his wrinkly old cock.
You'd have to have been politically retarded to not have known who Sanders is prior to this election.

*looks at the voting bloc


Well, shit.
So, Sanders. Do you have those numbers yet? 
Not only do many of us like Bernie but there's a good case to be made that he's the most influential person of the year.
It's the daily Bernie slurp article. 
Remember that he speaks like our founding fathers. The imagery used by the right is antithetical to the written legacy of our founders who were progressive secular deists. The right is increasingly agenda driven by oil company donors, the left is not too much better these days either, but does better for average citizens than the right.

http://www.washingtonsblog.com/2015/04/founding-fathers-warned-inequality.html

I think democrats have finally figured out what is good for the goose is good for the gander. Extremism on the right can be effectively fought with extremism on the left.
Not according to those edgy nay-sayers on Reddit, who are still waiting for this whole "Feel the Bern" thing to blow over...
Well when 1% of Americans own 40% of the wealth I can see why people might be a tad worried about wealth inequality...

Source: https://youtu.be/QPKKQnijnsM This video is outdated, the actual numbers today are way worse.

Is this truly /r/politics or is this /r/berniesanders ?
Colonel Bernie Sanders: Free original recipe chicken for all!
Bernie may be the best thing to happen this election cycle. With consideration to the entertaining GOP self-immolation. 

He has brought a, not new, but long overdue and refreshing dialogue about the things that government *can* do - for the ordinary people and for the long term benefit of all the people. These conversations were once common. Let's make them common again. 
He needs to tone down the revolution talk. This can be off putting to some.
56% of Americans will in some period in their lives will be in the top 10% of households. The bottom 20% has a huge age difference compared to the top 20%; younger people have less wealth and older people have more clientele and experience. The myth of income inequality roots from people who abuse and manipulate data.
So time magazine declares one of the most successful independent politicians with a 30 year track record as "little known".

Nice one.
He used to tweet me back a couple years ago. Now, not so much anymore :(
Who the fuck among the "Democratic left" didn't know who Bernie was? Oh Time, you try so hard.
Furthermore, the rational voices are just pandering to the rubble that used to be awesome!
I used to have income inequality until I learned one thing. 

Quality makes me immune to inequality.. So I went to school and learned a trade. Now instead of being passed of for work, employers are asking me if I want to work. 

Naturally I had to give up the mindset that the government was responsible for me and in fact I was responsible for my self!!

I hated being a slave to the 200 dollars of food stamps I got monthly. NOW I get to dictate what I want to eat, where I want to buy my food etc. 

I'm happy, and I don't mind my boss being much richer than I because I know poor people don't , I mean, poor people can't afford to pay me to work for them. 

Sanders appeals to the academics, the class and race warfare people. The dividers in this country, emotional 20 something vocal youth who have a strong emotional response to politics. That's not me. Sure some issues are emotional issues but they are rooted in a realistic facts. That's why Donald Trump appeals to me. 
Get a job, go to community college and get a degree in something that there is an actual demand for. Pay off your student loans and you'll fix your income inequality.  Or ask mom and dad for help getting started. If you don't have any other option you can always join the military, they'll give you training in a technical field that you can use when you get out. 

I'm sick of my generation crying about this bullshit. One day you'll learn that no one gives a shit if you rot homeless on the street and die destitute on a park bench from exposure. Take some ownership of your circumstances. Yea, the baby boomers had it easier, by a long shot. But that doesn't mean your only hope is some old socialist to bring you to never never land. 
only sheeps looking through their rose colored glasses will vote for this delusional socialist clown commy
Person of the Year via Time will NOT be Bernie Sanders... the only reason he's "leading" is because there are too many Sanders supporters online who literally have nothing better to do in life than to create fake accounts and vote for him over and over and over again.

I'm sure Time takes the online vote into consideration, but they don't choose based on this data, they pick internally.

It's the same reason Sanders bests Clinton in online votes by 90/10 percent, yet in real life polls Clinton tops him by 25 points.

Online votes are a joke and Sanders, while a great man, does not top EVERYONE else in the world as worthy of Person of the Year.
What a sensationalized title
Can we start a petition to rename /r/politics to /r/FeelTheBern?
[deleted]
Serious question: Why is reddit nothing but a bunch of liberal pussies who stay at home to cook and clean while their wives bring home the money? 
Aside from reddit, nobody gives a hoot about this dangerous bumbling socialist 
I don't trust anything that comes out of a 74 year old Socialist. He offers no solid economic proposals other then reinvesting in failing infrastructure (admirable, but useless on its own). His proposed energy policy is something in a fantasy world, and his healthcare and education views wouldn't do much of anything to address the fundamental issues with both.

OH! And who is gonna pay for the 18 TRILLION dollars he is proposing to spend? 

Whatever, Old man, move to Scandinavia if you want the government to rule your life. 
Sanders seems like he can talk the talk but can he walk the walk?. 
TIME will look like a bunch of assholes if Bernie loses the election.
On the same note, a near mirror image of Sander's ascent is Ben Garrison, a basically an unknown man from Montana  who has climbed up in popularity among Republicans since he began his campaign to bring America back to it's former glory, bolstered by those who feel disillusioned and angry at the "elite bankers" who control society.
Big fan of sanders, finally someone took the mask off the dems and outed them as socialists.
Can we just say that the distraction culture has worked brilliantly? We're so disaffected and distracted that we don't get pissed off too much. The only way things change is when people gather in crowds and demand specific changes.

If only there were a job that caused people to gather and create change... something like a "community organizer". We should elect a "community organizer" to change the way things are done in Washington.
And yet, he's still behind by 20 points in multiple states and will probably be out by March 15th. 
And still treated as a joke by anyone with more than half a brain.
Nice, we gamed the time person of the year vote
Sanders is a good speaker, but be honest, how the hell is he going to make all of his wild claims come true without making the US economic structure resemble communism?
Thats because Progressives are fucking **LAZY**. They spent their lives living in the middle class lifestyle their parents had worked so hard for, and now they think they are somehow entitled to the same right out of the gate. None of them want to put in any effort whatsoever. 


Its sad and disgusting at the same time. They want to spend more time complaining about the money another person has made than actually trying to better themselves. 
And the majority of the Democrat party base has rejected his vision for that of the corrupt 1%er Clinton. All that is left is Sanders concession speech—probably in mid to late January. The standard "we made a difference, blah, blah, blah" and "now is the time to unify, blah, blah, blah."
I've even seen some conservative fans of him.
Democratic left, progressives and disillusioned in the same sentence. Sounds about right.
If Caytlin Jenner wins time person of the year, I swear to Abraham I'm going to rear end her into oncoming traffic. 
Horrible ad for Sanders.

As a progressive I don't consider him my hero. Wtf
If not Bernie, it's the GOP. Not voting for Hillary no matter what. 
I figured everyone would be raw from all the circle jerking around this guy by now.
I'd say he wasn't little known because he was one of the few Independents
It's been that way for years. Nice of you to catch up.
So the economy can be off putting to some.
Nope. The current Republican party of terrible. Like, totally an awful authoritarian Frankenstein of special interests. So is the Democratic party. But excellent generalizations!
I need to have a facebook or twitter account to vote?

Guess I'm not voting.
If he's so against money in politics, why does he use his precious time on live television during the debates to defend Hillary's crimes, instead of pointing out that she got rich off politics and is funded by bankers and media conglomerates? 
That's why the fuck don't the people supporting it, and that Germany would go to war was inevitable from the beginning of it everyday.
&gt;implying income inequality exists.
Human penis
I Like Sanders. But I am afraid that Hillary will get the nomination. If that happens, I will vote for Hillary in the General Election, Because the evil we KNOW is always less than the evil we DON'T KNOW. Either way, I WILL hold my nose and VOTE!
Bernie Sanders killed saddam and hitler
ITT: a bunch of progressives that will end up voting for Shillary "Goldman" Clinton anyway after Bernie gets lost in Iowa.
if bernie is not elected i think that will be the end of poor people. my family is rich enough already. we don't need any more money. we have a very big house and vacation homes. i think it is time for the needies and poors to get a chance. let's give bernie a chance over the very bad hillary.
Bernie will get 1 to 2% of the vote Max.
Tired of left and right heroes I want an American Hero
Is there a sub for actual politics instead of just 'news outlet gives summary of Bernie Sanders without any news'?
Still little-known beyond progressive democrats. 
Still won't win.
When Bernie wins he should have a shirt that says "Hillary do you Feel the Bern?"
Saunders did nothing wrong.
too bad he's failing in the polls.
Ron Paul 2.0 - will never get nominated or elected.
He is also "Disillusioned" that he thinks that the Establishment power hacks will ever let him win the Nom,  no matter primary and Caucus results.
And he's somehow acceptable to the MSM and the Democratic party Establishment. 

Everything Sanders is saying is thus... acceptable. Permitted.

Note he's not saying what Ron Paul said on foreign policy. 

Perhaps it is time for progressives and leftists to sit back and reconsider if their "ideology" really is all that subversive and threatening to those in power. 
Look I love Bernie and all and I will vote for him in the primary but he is doing a fuck terrible job of keep his name on the news. i think he is too honest and honorable to be president. Not that those qualities aren't something we sorely need in the White house but they don't win national elections.
"Sanders, who was little-known when he began his unlikely bid for president in April, has become a hero on the Democratic left among progressives disillusioned by growing income inequality and money in politics."

Title is off, "Sanders, who was little-known because he did little except posture and talk."
YMMV, my friends and i have known about him for a long time.  i mean he's a fucking socialist and proves by running to the vast majority that Democrats are Socialists ultimately.  I guess thats better than when they used to be Klansmen and Segregationists.
This love affair will be destroyed by your party and the Clintons. Facts are facts. And these headlines are so over the top it's embarrassing. 
So what does the Democratic left disillusioned by money in politics do?  Send Sanders money.  
We should also all acknowledge how AWESOME it is that we actually have an election where people's wall street donations are a LIABILITY.  If this seriously affects Clinton's chances at president, you can bet anyone who wants to be a serious democratic candidate in the future will think twice about taking money from corporations, as it will bite them in the ass later.
im just happy to see that this is a New Yorker article and not some other random less credible site.
And none of this will matter if you dont vote. VOTE! You have the time, and it matters.
It's not just his progressive policies. He's a humanist. I don't think we've seen THAT in decades.
Here is a link to Sanders 12 point plan for America. 
http://www.sanders.senate.gov/agenda/
The "left" in the United States has been the mediocre center for decades.  The last time we had radical leftism was in the sixties with the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Voting Rights Act of 1965.

bout fucking time we had a counter balance to right rhetoric. 
Why hasnt Bernie released and official proposed tax plan yet?  Hes been talking about this wealth inequality for months now and still hasnt really shown a plan on how to fix that.  Hes just given scarce details.
I love Bernie, but I hate that he sounds like a broken record all the time. First question in the last debate, makes one little on topic statement then just derails into his usual talking points.
Too bad the DNC is trying its hardest to ensure Hillary wins the nom by scheduling far fewer debates, banning candidates from future debates if they perform debates not sponsored by DNC, and scheduling the last debate knowing viewership is significantly down on Saturday night.
That is why I am supporting Bernie, he has brought back liberal, ideas and explained them.  

This is after decades of conservatives lying about what is liberal and what is their ~~deraguatory~~ derogatory and entirely false definition of a political, economic and social liberal.    

I strongly object to the word progressive being used for the liberal ideas since that is the word the third way libertarians, posing as liberals and Democrat are using.  

Stop it.  Liberal is a fine word and the words progress seems to be a word being used to deceive.  

Bernie Sanders is a liberal, liberal means progressive away from centralized power to more individual power.  

The oppressive governments promoted by conservatives will all their laws to lock up more and more people for longer and longer sentences,  the costly and wasteful military spending, especially the new project, all that intelligence work, spying on us not our enemies are conservative ideas.  


FDR 2.0 which is fine by me. I just hope his wife turns out to be at least half the angel that was Eleanor.
This is why I'm so excited about his candidacy.  He believes as I do and won't apologize for it!  He backs up what he's saying by pointing to countries where it works and reminding us that these ideas are entirely American and reasonable and achievable.  Even if he loses, the good work he is doing for our cause is undeniable.  Even if he fails, people are listening and talking about things like income inequality and political corruption.  I feel like that wouldn't have happened without Sanders running.

It's a shame all the politicians in Washington barely listened to Sanders all these years.  But I am not surprised when I see shit like John Boehner handing out tobacco checks on the house floor.  It just underscores what most of them are there for.. And the Democrats are not much better.  They're just more stealthy about being bought out scumbags.

http://www.examiner.com/article/did-john-boehner-really-pass-out-tobacco-bribe-checks-on-the-house-floor
Our greatest contributions to mankind, as a nation, came from liberal ideas and attitudes.  We should be proud of that past and continue that philosophy into the future.  It can be tough, but the results speak for themselves.
&gt; From the days of Chartism and Progressivism to the civil-rights era, such movements have rarely triumphed in national elections. But when the history books came to be written, that turned out not to matter so much. The movements changed the terms of the political debate.

This is what I see as the the *least* that Sanders is achieving. There's a direct historical parallel, an eerie one: socialist Upton Sinclair's "[End Poverty In the Country](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/End_Poverty_in_California_movement)" 1934 effort to convert his personal popularity, and a huge voter registration drive, to take over the Democratic Party.

Sinclair won the Democratic nomination for governor of California, only to narrowly lose the election after an incredibly *bi-partisan* successful effort by both Republicans *and non-EPIC Democrats* to red-bait him. But here's the thing: the case he was making on the national stage, and the big block of voters who were loyal to his proposals, put Roosevelt in the position of having to adopt most (if nowhere near all) of Sinclair's proposals.

Even if the right wing New Democrats, and the Republicans, manage to red-bait him out of the nomination and/or the election, he's having a similarly huge effect on the country. He's motivating people, he's recruiting people, but lots of people do that -- he's also educating them in how to make the case for traditional Democratic principles, and that's going to change the demands on candidates (from both parties!) in ways that I've been begging for since the Clintonian ~~Democrats for the Leisure Class~~ Democratic Leadership Council took over the party, beating governor Jerry Brown, back in '92.

And, as the Mullah Nasrudin once said, "[And who knows? Maybe the horse can sing!](https://yesprem.wordpress.com/2011/08/28/nasrudin-and-the-sultans-horse/)"
I personally am not the biggest fan of either Hillary or Bernie. But as a liberal, I love that Bernie has challenged Hillary to support more left-wing policies and not just regress to the "safe" center where Democrats have been treading water for years.
Liberals might be the least represented demographic in America.  We all know the electoral college and gerrymandering disproportionately benefit rural Conservatives.  Liberals are all but guaranteed a Pyrrhic victory with the popular vote.  

Beyond that, however, Liberals tend to elect passive moderates, while Conservatives choose more hardline candidates.   Elected Democrats rarely fight for a liberal agenda, instead acting as an ineffective bulwark against Conservative overreach.

I think that's why we see so much more energy (and success) on the left devoted to the 'social justice' cause, protesting for gay rights, ect.  The pendulum was set to swing hard left after the failures of the Bush administration.  However, a disproportionate amount of intransigent Conservatives and weak ineffectual liberals have stopped an overdue liberal resurgence. 

We HAVENT seen a progressive resurgence that should have accompanied the Obama Administration.  This will only serve to make the average liberal voter either more extreme or more disaffected unless a vent is provided for their political steam. 

Regardless who was elected, in whatever alignment, we haven't seen a single notable departure from the "trickle-down" economic model in my lifetime.  We haven't seen liberals cut down out of control defense spending or reign in the overreach of police and intelligence agencies.  We haven't seen a truly significant movement towards clean energy.  Heck, most trade pacts and draconian welfare reforms are passed by Democrat presidents.  

For my money, it's time for someone to actually fight for progressive ideals, so our choice becomes greater than between hardline Republicans and ineffective placeholders.
Something this campaign is doing that not a lot of people are talking about:  He's moving the Overton Window towards Progressive causes.

The Overton Window is a political theory that states that at any given time, there is only a relatively small "window" of priorities within the political spectrum that can gain support at a given time. 

Right now, there's a good chance that even if Sanders doesn't win the primary, he's moved dialogue away from Conservative tropes that have been popular for almost four decades now.
So, i'm from France and i really like what this guy says and how he acts. Is there any reason to doubt the guy ? 
Bernie Sanders is just preaching basic human rights, and it's still blowing people's minds.
Why did you bracket the H like a gonewild post? I know this isn't really related but WHY??
"Climate change is directly related to the growth of terrorism." - Bernie Sanders
He has to find a way to get passed the NewsSpeak-esque media in the USA before he can run for President.
I really hope that Bernie's insistence on being a living example of a campaign not influenced by big money catches on and becomes the norm. For the sake of the semblence of democracy that we do have...
Annoyed that the DNC isn't having more debates of differing formats on a more regular basis.  If they're serious about winning, they can't ignore a candidate who steadily gains in favorability as his name recognition grows.

When you think about it, recent Democratic Presidential successes come from "wild cards" and not established names.  Obama, Bill Clinton, Jimmy Carter.  That's 40 years of Democrats winning office when they run fresher candidates.

Stupid to limit exposure to Sanders.
I'm so suspicious about these news sites and magazines saying "He's Bernt out".
I'm from England and all I see about the presidential candidates is from Reddit.  Does Sanders actually have a chance of winning?  If not, why not?
Eugene Debs 2016!!! 
Doubt anyone will see this, but I am a 19yo kid living in Kansas, how and when can I vote for Sanders?
Bringing up Teddy Roosevelt ? I didnt think i could love you any more, bernie.
He is definitely right. The system is rigged. There is literally no way for someone to come out of college or high school and start to work on there own for themselves. There are way too many regulations and licenses that are required to start a small business. How in the world are people going to want to make a living by working themselves to death for someone that they don't even like. Let's please change our country and get rid of the many regulations that stop us from innovating and make it easier for a big company to survive even when they fail. The government is getting in the way and we need to stop their expansion. 
Bernie, both in policy and demeanour, reminds me of a politician from before television. We did things better back then.
Bernie has done more for vets than most republicans.
I have never voted before because I thought it was useless since all the candidates suck and no true change will happen... Im registering to vote for President Sanders.
Please stop listening to the media saying Bernie cant win.    Do you know why you think he can't win!!!!   Because you are being brainwashed everyday by the mainstream media.   Words i hear all the time are "frontrunner" Hillary Clinton, and that she's expected to win.    Form your own opnions!!    Don't be an idiot!   Don't trust the news.
sanders is so clearly the best option for president, even republicans should be able to see this

Hillary will just be more of the same as Clinton 1, but without the internet boom to balance the budget and no tough regulations on wallstreet

republican candidates are not an option, their economic plans are all horrible, all of them warmongers (except for paul), all are anti-science and all of them corrupt by "large donations" (bribes)


'murica needs a good hard shift to the left, otherwise it'll be Saudi America soon
Because progressive policies benefit the vast majority of citizens. They just need someone to explain it to them.
I'm wondering if he's really a "good candidate", or just the first one in a long time to have this message.

He's an old white guy who has a less than eloquent speaking style and never rose to executive leadership aspirations until now. 

Is he a good candidate, or the Socialist version of John McCain?
I see comments about his lack of foreign policy experience and my first thought is "What fuckin good does that actually do?" Shrub and Cheney et al started a war that did more damage than any good. Obama and Clinton and their gang ended up killing Bin Laden but accidentally armed ISIS.

Some of these people had more foreign policy experience than others and they still had major flaws in their execution or unintended outcomes.

That said, can we all stop acting like foreign policy experience will be the key to running this country effectively? Yes there are imminent threats abroad but I would prefer my POTUS to have a diplomatic and rational mind, to be unswayed by defense contractors and their need to wage war, and have the common sense to use the tools at his/her disposal (translators, Google, local guides,books) when dealing with foreign policy to make the best educated decisions they can. Let's face it, having that experience does not guarantee success. What we DO need is someone whose strengths and goals focus on improving the quality of American lives on a day to day basis, and who can make rational, well informed decisions when they are out of their comfort zone.

I want to vote for someone whose platform is focused strengthening the country from within, beginning with the largest group of citizens: the proletariat. Bernie is that candidate. Hillary can talk the talk (up until that 9/11 comment) but she fails to walk the walk and instead accepts money from the groups that are crippling our country.


Edit: i can't even words.
Who gives a shit? They can print this on the front page of every newspaper, every magazine, every internet blog and every internet forum.

But;

You won't vote. You are going to sit there on your fat ass in your office cage eating your donuts and drinking your Starbucks all totally comfortable with the big dick up your ass.

Then you are going to head over to Facebook and change your avatar for a couple of days while you masturbate to your SJW outrage and "prove" to your friends and family just how much you don't give two shits about Paris.

[Your common core, ADHD riddled "education" taught you well.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=acLW1vFO-2Q) Bend over, take it like a man and scream as much as you want, everyone can hear you but no one is going to do anything about it.

Go ahead, click that downvote button, that is the most effort you and your ilk will put into this election, downvoting people that tell you the truth, that tell you to get off your ass and do something as easy as vote.

I get it, you got real problems, bills to pay, children to raise; who has time to vote? It's not like there is a national holiday or something.

Just keep downvoting away, the future of this country, your children's future, your retirement, your Social Security, your healthcare.

Click away, click away, don't pull the voting lever, just click away...
Even if he loses the nomination, the war is not over. He is bringing light to the issues that desperately need to be addressed. And once people get their heads out of their asses and realize that nothing is changing under the current political structure we have going on, then maybe we can have someone in office that are for the people and not the wealthy backers of these politicians. Elizabeth Warren comes to mind, but it's going to be a LONG 8 years. 
This article is spot on.  I support Bernie but I am also realistic; his odds of actually winning the nomination are slim.  He doesn't have the party insiders on his side, and Clinton has built up a lot of goodwill among the base.

However, Bernie is forcing a conversation about very serious issues that do not get enough attention.  This is the value I see in him as a candidate.
Over 2000 upvotes, under 100 comments... hivemind?
It's funny because I'm "young" and this guy who's older than a bag of rocks makes more sense to me than any presidential candidate I've voted for or heard of pretty much ever.
He's making his message loud and clear by repeating it over and over again. I understand it Bernie. I'm a supporter of his, but his opening statement on this debate was callous. Taking a question about a terrorist attack and turning it into a stump on his economic plans. 
Go Bernie go!!  
He's undoing twenty years of Fox News in 6 months.
You say progressive I say socialist policies.
Sanders vs Trump, 2016

Bring on the apocalypse!
Yes, not seen since at least 2007, and before that 1999, and before that 2003, and before that 1976 to 1980, and before that 1965, and before that 1934 to 1941, and before that 1917 to 1920.  Ya not seen in decades.  
Bernie or Elizabeth Warren would make such an incredible president.  
I am so sad that it is going to take a economic disaster before either one of them ever has a chance at it.
It's kind of sad that the only person even paying lip service to these ideas is a million-year-old white dude from Vermont. He's the last of the generation that would even consider saying something other than "Capitalism is God's gift to humanity".
I've have seen his case, and I reject it. I admire his honesty though and his (seeming) willingness to prosecute the vultures in banking. I'm definitely a right wing person, but Bernie is preferable to Duchess Clinton or Prince Jeb. I doubt he could pass his more damaging legislation anyway. 
Bernie is loud, but he's not clear. He better come up with specifics on how he intends to fund his "political revolution," and then we will see how realistic his progressive policies are, and if people will really be happy paying for them.

I'm just curious. Is there any chance a Republican candidate will win this election? Sometimes it feels like the main election for presidency is the Democratic primary. I'm not trying to be an asshole or anything, it's just I can rarely pay attention to these debates anymore, especially with media monkeys like Trump hogging the spotlight. I can't help but think if it was him or Jeb Bush on the ticket, that there's no chance they'll win.
The second half was certainly greater in excellence for him than the first.
If Bernie doesn't get the democratic nomination, would he be able to run as an independent in the general election?
Unrelated to the article but why is the H in square brackets? 
...except gun control
What's your agenda, OP?
Honest question. Do people think he will win? I mean he is great and I like him but how is he going to get anything passed? Republicans hate him and even democrats would have a hard time voting for socialist points. 
It's odd to me that the majority of Sanders posts talks about the fact that he talks.
That article was fun to read. It was assembled very well.
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ BERNIE, TAKE MY ENERGY
The braketed [H] makes me think this is a porn link. Why?
When reason is considered progressive...
Bernie doesn't really have a chance to win. He won't even win the Democratic nomination. Calling yourself a socialist in the US is like committing political suicide. It might play fine with the ultra liberal crowd consisting mostly of college students and some professors, but it won't fly in middle America.
There's already a Bernie 4 prez subreddit...we don't need two. One subreddit brainwashing the rest of reddit with one-sided posts is bad enough... We don't need two. 
Canadian here. Life is hard enough even with the benefits you guys don't have. Please give this guy the nomination so we can get timely about it! (I'm sure it's up to just reddit) K thanks bye.
Unless of course he gets elected, Then he will do as expected and immediately turn around and bow down to the oligarchy.
I hope more people will turnout and vote for Bernie at the primaries. Before then, I hope these people also register for the primary voting early and well before the deadlines.
inb4 he is the next Hitler. 
ELI5: I know this is totally unrelated but why are there brackets around the "H" in the title?
Why is the H in the headline in brackets?
And it's not gonna work! 
Too bad he doesn't have a clue about foreign policy and doesn't even wanna talk about it.  Sorry Bernie, but if you wanna be commander in chief you can't just ignore foreign policy just cause you don't care about it.  In fact it's the most important job a president has, to keep us safe.  If you can't do that nothing else matters.  

But beyond that, it's clear he hasn't thought through his progressive policies.  He hasn't been able to answer questions at the debates about  how he'd pay for them, or why other countries like Denmark that have tried those policies have moved in the complete opposite direction from them now.
If you like his ideas, [consider Soltysik/Walker ticket](http://socialistparty-usa.net/soltysik-campaign-statement-102115.html) when November 2016 comes.
he's trying to make a case, but he's falling flat on his face due to having no idea how he's going to pay for it.

when your at a debate this far into the election cycle and you have no idea what you're going to set tax rates at, and are talking about pushing unfunded mandates onto the states effectively saying "they'll figure something out" to pay for it, you aren't going to attract any people beyond the most devout progressives.
i.e. government gimmies! Hooray government!!
Wow no way! Bernie has done it again! Can't wait to find out what more I'll learn about Bernaldo Sandres tomorrow on reddit
This is the goon who said terrorism is caused by global warming, he lost my support after saying that. How stupid
Paris isn't in America. Our role in the Paris Attacks is that we armed ISIS to overthrow Assad and then Russia came in and fought against ISIS, so ISIS had to find new ways to fight. If we had been fighting ISIS instead of Assad this wouldn't have happened.
Can't wait for taxes to go up to 90% and all the rich people leave for other countries that won't tax them as much. 
Ralph Nader...
Loud? When a man tells a woman to not be loud he is talking down to her but when he talks loud its acceptable? Bernie Sanders needs to stop being such a sexist pig! 

**/s**
I'm honestly kinda sick of Bernie. Repeating the same lofty ambitions and progressive rhetoric without showing a tax plan or having any way to back up his "promises" makes me believe that he's all bark and no bite. I think it's likely that he's just saying what people want to hear. "Free college! Legal weed! " Without a plan it's empty promises but no one that supports him seems to care or look beyond what he wants people to hear (from what I've seen)... But compared to Hillary he's much better. I still don't know who I'll vote for next year but the choices are honesty not great on either side of the fence but I'm pretty sure Bernie will not be getting my vote.
He can say whatever he wants its not going to change the fact that he has zero chance of beating hillary. 
I was all for Sanders until the most recent debate where he claimed "global warming" was our biggest threat after the Paris attacks. Yes, I know how serious of an issue global warming is but think about what happened on Friday. If you are an American citizen, think that France is the second most hated country by ISIS. We are 1st. 
Does this guy not pay attention to European politics at all?

The Scandinavian model he loves going on about it failing before our eyes.
Vote for him then dumbfucks
But the media keeps saying Hilary "won" the debate  
And he is getting crushed in the poles by Hillary because of it. Only the uneducated and delusional think Bernie has even the slightest chance of winning more the 3 states in the primary. 

TRUMP 2016!
&gt;Progressive policies

No thanks boss

I'm glad the conversation is finally slowly evolving back to what it should be: authoritarian vs freedom. This cloudy bullshit masked by the assumed superior choice of only two parties with approved opinions needs to die. Ron Paul started it, Bernie is continuing it, and people must be forced to seek truth beyond what is simply allowed via mainstream outlets. To me Bernie and his philosophy is a threat, but at the same time, I welcome the honest and clear choices that need to be addressed. 
How is he making a case exactly? "Yes, I want to print a trillion dollars to create jobs just like Obama did."  Wow, how persuasive. What a great case. And the coward won't even press Hillary on getting rich off politics or being funded by banks and media conglomerates. The debate moderators were actually the ones that had to bring it up. This guy is a joke.
Bernie Sanders is making the case for progressive policy's which the United States hasn't seen in decades and which communist Russia was all to familiar in implementation  before its implosion. Sanders would be wise to pick up a history book to see the economic fate that lie ahead the sorry path of Socialism. 
Yeah because the past 7 years hasn't been bad enough already. Let's just keep it going. Are you aware of what the definition of insanity is? 
Not to be the hater, but this article title sounds like a campaign endorsement. New Yorker just givin up on being objective?
Loving this Sanders-inspired song by Iowa singer-songwriter Dave Moore:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N3v7WZHW13Q&amp;feature=youtu.be
 
This is Obama's first campaign all over again.

A bunch of empty rhetoric with absolutely no promise of anything concrete, no plan, no specific action whatsoever, just pretty words you like and you think he's a humanist genius.

He'll also reduce the amount of homework and make sure the food at the cafeteria is better. Also, if elected, there will no longer be any phys ed.
Bernie Sanders has been loud and clear:  Income inequality, Climate Change, and George W. Bush are responsible for terrorism, not a fundamentalist interpretation of Islamic Scripture.

Senator B.S. is clearly a loud idiot.
I'm so sick of hearing about Sanders. He has zero shot of winning the presidency and will do nothing but undermine Hilary's and (therefore the party's) chances.

America doesn't even want fucking universal health care. Hell you can't even sell the American people on maternity leave. The only country in the world. And this idiot thinks that they're going to buy his socialism? He needs to get a grip. The second some idiot Republican tells you that you're tax dollars are going to pay for an incomplete liberal arts degree and *boom* Republicans get The White House. Fuck Bernie Sanders, a wonderful human being but an absolute cancer to the Democratic party's future.

Sorry I had to get that rant out. Back to Canada to merrily enjoy some Trudeau leadership. 
I'm old enough to remember the Soviet Union. There is no way I'm supporting a Socialist candidate and no one else who remembers will support one either. The only people who vote for Sanders are kids without a firm grasp on history, entranced by the idea of acquiring wealth without having to earn it.
Nope, sounds just as ridiculous as all the other populist demagogues throughout the years. 

&gt;what I hear is people’s concern that the economy we have is a rigged economy.

&gt;When we put money into the hands of working people, they’re going to go out and buy goods, they’re going to buy services

Indeed. They will *voluntarily* be giving their money back to those "greedy" corporations they claim to hate. Meanwhile, the state will be pinching money out of every transaction and spending it on war, banks, and Fortune 500 companies. 

&gt;But at the end of the day, Wall Street today has enormous economic and political power

Not as much as the state. Why don't you go and vote to bomb Syria some more, Mr. Sanders? I don't see any Wall Street goons commanding armies... at least not until they walk through the revolving door of Washington. 

&gt;In order to bring about the changes that we need, we need a political revolution

No. We need Agorsim. 

&gt;When Sanders uses words like “revolution,” he isn’t talking about deposing a dictator or storming Congress. 

Of course not. He want's to *be* the dictator. 

No shit, Bernie. It's because idiots like you think you have the right or capability to use *force* in the market to get what *you* think is right. The only entity manipulating the economy is the state, which is a monopoly on force and violence. Hell, Bernie wants to shut down Uber. If that doesn't demonstrate his hypocrisy and ignorance, then I don't know what will. 

&gt;he reportedly didn’t practice much before the first debate

Of course. Like most progressives, he wants the rewards without the work. You really want this lazy, economically-illiterate fool telling you how to live your life? Be my guest, but I do not consent to having him, or anyone else, as a master. 

&gt;In the last thirty years, there has been a massive redistribution of wealth

Facilitated by the state. Taxation *is* the mechanism redistributing wealth, and seeing as it is involuntary, it is THEFT. Apparently, he's ethically illiterate as well. 

&gt;In any case, it was a brilliant response, and it also had the virtue of being true, or almost true.

This article is really enjoying sucking him off, eh? It doesn't matter if his debate responses are even true, so long as they come off as clever. 

&gt;In addition to serving up a timely reminder of what the tax system looked like during a period now widely regarded as a golden one for America’s economy

Except for anyone who understands the boom and bust cycle and malinvestment caused by government spending. 

&gt;Sanders, who supports a single-payer system modelled along Canadian or European lines, agreed that the A.C.A. was a step forward, saying, “We have made some good progress.” 

I spend half the year in Canada, and I have yet to hear anyone suggest their healthcare was "good progress". 

&gt;that doesn’t guarantee health care to all people as a right, not a privilege.

You do not have a right to the labor of other individuals. Sanders can't even comprehend that he's making an argument for slavery. Democratic socialist/National socialist... wonder if there's a meaningful difference there? 

&gt;Making the moral case for a living wage

Once again, there is nothing economically or ethically sound about minimum wage. He assumes he has a right to interfere with voluntary contracts between individuals. There is a side job I work simply because I like it and enjoy the benefits. I do not require much in pay for my time. I earn commission, but unless that commission is higher than minimum wage, the company can't afford to keep me on the payroll.

Thanks minimum wage. You cost me my job. 
What he needs to do it tie his name to FDR. Tell people he isn't some radical but rather some one with views we've seen and supported before.
I feel that he's an idealist, and while everything he's about looks all well and good at a glance, when it comes to execution it'll be either nothing he wants to do will ever get done due to opposition from his own party (not to mention the Republican majority in Congress) **or** on the offchance something goes through it will backfire in the worst way.

As an example of the latter, Bernie Sanders wants to raise minimum wage to $15. This was tested in a couple cities/regions, and what ended up happening was that workers overwhelmingly requested fewer hours so they could remain on government assistance. No one saw this coming, not even the people opposed to it, but it lent credence to their stance.
Astroturfing 2016
How will Bernie Sanders balance the budget?
Will he walk on water next? 
Damn right
That doesn't mean they're good policies however. 
Since this the first Bernie post I've seen today, i wanted to post this message. If you want to see Bern have a sniff, you've got to get out there and spread the message. Get your friends to commit to vote.

I was with a bunch of seniors and near seniors this past weekend. Clearly, Hillary is their choice, but most of those are just resigned to the fact. The Dems among them are for Hillary, the repubs realize she would trounce all their guys and Trumps, so they may even VOTE for her!

Lastly, the majority of these people saw Bernie as a Communist (yes, don't get me started) and nothing i could say, ever so gently mind you, would not sway them. I know I've had a small sample size, but they all vote, which is a small sample size to begin with.
Towards what, exactly, is he progressing?
Which is exactly why he can't win.  In 2008 when our economy was in trouble and people were looking for government help, he had a chance, but with a strong economy, relatively strong job market, and no pressing issues for the majority of Americans, he's unlikely to raise interest with the moderates (who are the ones to decide most elections these days).
Liberalism is being squashed from both ends, IS on the frontier and BlackLiveMatters from within. Sanders needs to show strength to push back on both fronts.
I mean idk man, I feel like a lot of his policy making doesn't really make sense budget wise. He wants to develop the welfare state, and I am neither here nor there on that as a concept but to be frank I don't know if I feel comfortable with money going to SS that I might not get. Frankly, I think SS, medicare, and Medicaid, aswell as the military, should all get cut and we need to run a surplus annually. At some point we have to buckle down and pay off the enormous loans the bush administration fostered during the 01-08 time to pay for Iraq/Afghan
To bad he wont be the democratic nominee. Hillary has greased all the rights palms, shes waited years snd nothing will stop her
Bernie is just Ron Paul all over again, only he is the polar opposite politically this time around. Ron Paul was the only candidate you heard about with the massive following no matter where he spoke on the campaign trail, he was all you read about online... he was the guy everyone was talking about. He had the popular vote by a massive margin... and still did not win. Bernie is exactly the same fucking thing. He wont win.
Not sure where these magical polls are coming from that Hillary Clinton is expected to win or how accurate they are. 90 percent of the people I talk to are all for the burn.
Epic le upboats for le bernie xD
As much as I love Bernie he's got no shot. The time for these policies was back in 2000/2008. 

Like it or not, Donald Trump will be the next president. Especially if Europe continues to run off the rails. And God forbid something happens on US Soil, you won't see a democrat in office for at least eight years.

Added to the unrest in the Middle East is the struggling middle class, rising Obamacare premiums, polarizing racial issues. The Republicans are going to come out in full force in 2016 and they'll own the White House again.
Why is this sub all for old, wrinkly, Socialist Sanders?
Having the 1% pay for it is not an economic plan. Its a nice Democratic sound bit and makes liberals feel all warm and fuzzy. The country and the economy as a whole needs improvement and instead of over taxing a few to raise the many, we need the many to be in a position to raise themselves. Through education and more jobs, then and only then will the country recover.
progressivism: progress for the sake of progress without regard for actual benefit
Delusional 
Sanders is the pus oozing from the modern liberal zit on America's ass.
I haven't gotten free stuff in a while. This is gonna be great!
The hilarious thing is Bernie Sanders is WAY out to lunch regarding his philosophies, but some people love him, particularly people on the internet.

Want to know why? Bernie Sanders is by far the most politically correct candidate.

In contrast, Donald Trump is the most politically incorrect candidate, but he's also the best.
Really now?
&gt; Progressive policies


I Don't like the looks of this.
As much as I enjoy his platform, he doesn't stand a snowballs chance in hell of snagging presidency, and even if he does that's not going to magically change the fact that American liberalism and progressivism is in reality first world moderate Conservatism; the Democratic party is not a progressive party in any concrete way outside of it's context within US politics, which slants to the right very very hard.

Sanders isn't going to magically reform the situation in the US over night when the vast majority of people within the 'leftist' party is way further to the right of him even when they aren't trying to pander towards the conservative public or compromise with the hard right-wing populist Republican party.

Bernie Sanders is a candidate that is just barely left of center on any meaningful scale outside of the US political bubble, and even that is too far left for the Democratic party, which campaigns from the center-left but has governed from the center-right at best for over half a century.

Sorry to shit on the hype train, but it's true. This just isn't going to happen. 
He still hasn't said how he's going to pay for all his plans.
Please America vote this lege in!!!
People keep throwing that progressive word around. Bernie fans may want a dictionary along with a calculator.
Not progressive
&gt;It was a timely history lesson, but it didn’t answer the question. Nancy Cordes, CBS News’s congressional correspondent, pressed Sanders, saying, “Let’s get specific. How high would you go?” Sanders paused for a moment and replied, “We haven’t come up with an exact number yet, but it will not be as high as the number under Dwight D. Eisenhower, which was ninety per cent.”

What a psycho if this guy becomes president we're fucked, Mexico will have to build a wall to keep us out
yep.. still a socialist. 
submitting pie in the sky bills that appeal to the common people with no plan on how to implement isnt progressive its lunacy
He ran as democrat and campaigned as a democrat (socialists don't get votes), switched to independent after being elected as a democrat; so where or when will he show his true spots and come out as the little socialist?

Well here you go, stand by for the socialism sticker shock!
i really really hope bernie does not get assassinated or some bullshit, otherwise there's gonna be some problems...
Lol, it's going to be so much fun to come back here after this dickbag gets smoked in the primary.  Assuming his geriatric Quasimodo looking ass doesn't keel over and croak before then, of course. 

I feel like a kid waiting on Christmas, why can't it just be July already?
cool ultra vague title that means nothing. should make it to the top of all time posts in this subreddit, since that is pretty much every sanders post
He's actually not very progressive compared to e.g. Jill Stein, Ralph Nader, Stewart Alexander, Cynthia McKinney, or Dennis Kucinich. 

Hell, even Ron Paul and Chuck Baldwin were better on foreign policy. 
"Climate change is our biggest threat" - This statement invalidates Bernie forever. Period. EOD.
Let's address the elephant in the room; corporations fight back.

Remember when Papa John's threatened automation and shuffled schedules so no one was full time? And then almost every corporation did the same? I remember companies shedding employees on purpose when Obama took over, just to keep his jobs figures down. Some Mcdonalds have already automated the checkout clerks. Not all automation is bad, nor is it all retaliation, but corporations have and do fight back against these things and what he proposes will get him a massive and well-funded fight on his hands.

How do we fight back against that? What does Sanders think about it?
This sounds great. It's completely ludicrous and pigs will fly before this would happen, but it sounds great.

And that's all it's about. After all, people who lack the most basic economic understanding and have succumbed to wishful thinking in every way get to vote too. And that's who he's alluding to.  
&gt; We of course take no position on whether this is good public policy. But within the confines of campaign rhetoric, Sanders can make a credible case that he can fund his $1 trillion infrastructure program over a 10 year period by taxing the profits of U.S. corporations now held in low-tax tax havens — and that such a spending plan could result in 13 million jobs.

Hah, it's so obviously a good idea that they had to add "We of course take no position on whether whether this is good public policy".
How do you tax money that is made overseas?  I mean, I guess you could, but that's pretty fucked up. 
how does he intend to force these corporations to repatriate there money to be taxed?
Yea...Until the corporations leave America
That also assumes that US companies won't invert abroad, which seems pretty unlikely to me.
I may be wrong but I thought the deal was that unless these companies brought their money here it wouldn't be taxed, so how would he force them to bring their money here? 
Devils advocate argument: Wouldnt many Corporations leave once we raise taxes on them. 
Can someone ELI5 where money for free college, 1 trillion in infrastructure, and a $15 minimum wage is coming from? 
I love the bern, but there is no way he gets that money. It would be gone before the law passes. 
I got a question.

Can someone ELI5 me why Reddit is always stating / talking almost like Bernie Sanders is the most eligable / to be expected next democrat candidate for president, while Hillary Clinton is so much ahead that in my country (Belgium) there is no doubt she will be the democrat runner?

Is the international press wrong?

EDIT: Thx all for the explanations!
What are those 13 million going to do once the 10 year period expires?
What I find difficult to understand is how does the US government consider it fair to tax US citizens working abroad by forcing international banks to reveal information on how much these people have from the hard earned cash they get from working outside the US...? Yet when it comes to company accounts with billions upon  billions of pure liquid cash ehm-apple-ehm stored in foreign accounts... They don't pay a single dime. Like literally not a single nickel or penny for that matter of that liquid cashmoneys to the US government...?  Plus who was it that argued companies be treated as individuals? Because they sure aren't... 
and what happens when those corporations then decide to simply leave america in favor of lower taxes in another country? they take their jobs with them, that's what. and we're left with shitty government jobs that demoralize and paralyze workers instead of private sector jobs that incentivize competition and growth. then the infrastructure development finishes (it only lasts so long) and those government jobs dry up. then there's no private sector jobs and no workfare jobs from daddy government and our country has gone to shit. bad idea and sanders knows it; he's just rabble-rousing to get votes. it's irresponsible.
The tax breaks are there for a reason.  The #1 biggest tax break is from companies providing healthcare for their employees.   Just from that one alone, how does Bernie math compensate for people losing their healthcare benefits?
Republicans propose the same changes in corporate tax law as a way to fund flat taxes and are told there won't be enough revenue. Sanders makes the exact same corporate tax proposal and even more money is gained.

We need to get rid of corporate tax loopholes, aka special interest deductions, but I find it funny that the bigger numbers produced by Sanders are 'true' and the lower numbers produced by Carson and Cruz are 'false or lies'.
Better watch out Bernie that kinda talk will get you eliminated, that's heresy round these parts. 
How would $1trillion over 10 years provide 13 million jobs? If all that money went to the workers of 13 million jobs it would only be 7500 per person per year for 10 years.
Republicans want to lower the corporate tax rate to encourage corporations to repatriate the tax dollars.

Sanders wants to start taxing dollars on overseas profits, profits from money earned out of the U.S.

At least there is a clear difference in policy.  Do you think Sanders could possibly get this kind of legislation passed, and assuming he did do you think Corporations would sit back and do nothing to avoid paying taxes on money not even earned in our Country?
Sounds like a great way to drive every major company out of America. 
And this raises no red flags with you people?

Jesus Christ /r/politics 
So in other words...raise taxes to pay for temporary jobs.  Nailed it.
*Credible* case? WTF are they smoking? 

Setting aside the morality of the US taxing earnings made overseas..anyone with a HS education knows the money Sanders is salivating over will be long gone before the IRS can seize it...IF Sanders got his legislation passed (he does have something ready to go on this, right?).

And his 13 million jobs claim...I am sure he used the same formula to come up with that number that the Left uses when they calculate the jobs created for things they don't like (Keystone Pipeline). Somehow those types of infrastructure always only create a handful of temporary jobs, while high speed rail and Bernie's Bridge Building Plan are projected to create scores of permanent jobs by factors of 10.   
The problem with Sander's is he is using that "repatriated money" to pay for dozens of new programs rhetorically. If only...then free college. If only...then free healthcare. If only...then higher wages. If only Bernie could do math.
Collecting tax is a lot harder than just saying you will collect it. 
If he raises the taxes for corporations, won't they just find more loopholes and increasingly move to other countries? It seems like they do that anyway right now. 
Too good to be true. Giant corporations have most talented people in the world, they will figure out a way to save their money from being taxed. End of story.
Watch those corporations leave or layoff employees as a countermeasure.  Every action has a reaction.
It sounds like a great idea on paper until you remember that these are huge corporations that will just relocate elsewhere if we tax them too much. It's the same thing as a progressive tax; while you would make more in taxes in a perfect world, in reality you end up taking in less than with a flat tax because the wealthy always have options
So increasing taxes on businesses will create jobs 
We can talk about this all day, we can vote the guy in that believes what we believe. This changes nothing unless we take action. 

If you truly believe in this man and this message treat every dollar like a vote that can potentially be used against you and stop spending money with companies that are using your money against you. 

Bernie is trying to start a political revolution, there is no such thing as a "set it and forget it" revolution, revolutions take tenacity and cohesion. Many of us voted for Obama because he was revolutionary at the time and has now been assimilated because for many voting him into office was supposed to magically fix everything as we the people poured untold billions into those working against him.

Taxing the rich is a legitimate way to fix them manipulating their tax burden on to us, the catch is that they own legislators and it is legislators who wield the true power in our struggle against the few who essentially enslave many of us.
What do we want? Free stuff!

Who's going to pay for it? They are!
This is exactly why I don't take Sanders seriously.  
And according to economist Lawrence Summers:

&gt;[Fixing America’s roads would essentially pay for itself](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2015/10/13/larry-summers-fixing-americas-roads-would-essentially-pay-for-itself/)

I don't know how likely it will be for Sanders to tax foreign earnings -- I don't think likely at all, and I suspect he'd negotiate on it to achieve tax reform -- but according to Summers that's even if it's funded through increasing the  gas tax.
He can take any position he wants. Until he proposes actual legislation to do this, he's just talking out his ass.

But, wouldn't these be primarily construction jobs and temporary? Same argument against Keystone pipeline?
You know Bernie sanders is going to drive companies out of the US because of his high taxes on their income. This makes zero sense to me. 
I, too, am willing to believe in magic to engage in the Ron Paul, I mean Rand Paul, I mean Elizabeth Warren, I mean Bernie Sanders circle jerk

Is there any discussion about what would actually happen if the US government tried to impose stricter taxes and laws on corporations? At this point I feel like they couldn't pull it off without some serious threats of these larger corporations flat out leaving the county. 
Nothing that a little retroactive tax can't take care of...
Those jobs will only be temporary! 
Can he reasonably expect to get this through Congress?  All the ideas in teh world dont matter if he cant come to the middle and get the other side engaged
Won't taxing corporations just increase prices? 

If they don't increase prices, won't the drop in profits affect all our 401Ks?

Seems to me like any additional spending is going to come out of our pockets somehow...
If taxes are increased on corporations, what's to stop them from simply passing that onto the consumer? Wouldn't this just be a defacto tax on the consumer, who is more likely to be poor.
Taxes are so high businesses are moving their profits oversees. So let's raise taxes and MAKE them stay!
Placing corporate profits in offshore tax havens should be viewed as economic terrorism and allow swift government takeover. 
How about you make it more attractive for those companies to bring the money back home rather than always attack? There is already a reason those companies are off shoring money. Bernie, who has never worked a job in his entire life, has zero clue. None. Not a tiny bit of a clue on how business works and what it takes to run a business.  His 20 something year old supporters are equally clue less.

So Bern wants to be more punitive. Awesome. I'm sure that will get the results he wants because businesses will just take it right? 

Remember too kiddies, these businesses that Bern hates, they employ people. Bern doesn't. He hasn't. He again has no clue.  Go ahead and punish them more.  It's a great idea.
Funny nobody is talking about what happens to the cost of goods and services when you raise the taxes on the companies that provide those. 
I'm curious how this is different from everything early Obama said about the Stimulus Package. It sounds very similar but it didn't seem to have quite the effect which was touted...at least in some areas.
GIMMIE YOUR MONEY SO I CAN GIVE IT TO OTHER PEOPLE

The top 1% has 500% of all da money.
So correct me if I'm wrong but it seems that Sanders wants to make it so that if you get successful, you're gonna get more money taken away.... Sanders doesn't want to promote success. (Bring on the downvotes but I'd rather have a counter argument telling me why I'm wrong cause I'm not anti Sanders, just want to know his logic)
And... when those corporations start leaving the US as a result? It's fine that reddit has a bromance with Sanders. I like the guy too, but this plan is doomed if you start taxing corporations that make so much money they avoid taxes via overseas accounts. They'll just pack up shop and leave. Not only do you not get the taxes, but you've actually caused a net job loss.
Another dream by grandpa Bernie.  Quick someone ask if he remembers what day it is.
This guy is so naive it hurts ... 
And he might as well be screaming it in an empty room because it means absolutely nothing. He's not going to the White House. He's not even going to win the Primary. And if by some miracle he actually did make it, we still have three equal branches of Government and there's still a such thing as the Origination Clause. 

He'll be back in the Muppet Show balcony by March. He was great on that show.
Am I the only one tired of the government trying to manipulate the economy? These mega rich people are a result of big bankers propped up on bailouts, contractors with the military industrial complex, they're administrators for public schools and subsidized colleges, they're inept politicians and lobbyists. 

I own a small business and I spend $20,000 a year in taxes. I could have both my vehicles paid off with that. And my employees starting out make $500 a week, but after taxes it's like $350. These mega rich people are literally stealing from us. It's fucking ridiculous.
*eye roll*
Bernie Panders serves up the red meat. 
Why is Bernie so obsessed with increasing taxes even more.  Has anyone ever stopped and said taxes are too high across the board?
this whole sub is utterly revolting. 

you belong in europe, not the united states.
Cute, Sanders thinks he can create jobs by taking money from one person to give to another. Companies put money overseas because taxes here is too high, keep raising corporate tax that is already the highest in the world will just make more of them move out.

Remember this rule of thumb. A democrat policy is never EVER as good as it is sold as. Remember, sub prime mortgages were the result of a democrat policy of putting people in a house that could not afford it.
What's the rational here, other than "I want more tax revenue"? These companies are established in the foreign company, have foreign workers, and foreign buyers... Just because their stock is owned by an American company, they should have to pay American taxes? Ridiculous. 
Time to cough it up and make this country great again if you want to do business here.  
You people are delusional if you believe all these promises he keeps making.
Or he could just do the more reasonable, sensible, feasible thing and propose a raise to the gas tax.

https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/charles-krauthammer-raise-the-gas-tax-a-lot/2015/01/08/5b4b407c-976f-11e4-aabd-d0b93ff613d5_story.html
Lol upgrade the infrastructure. 

They already gave the isps $300 billion dollars.  Just search "300 billion dollar broadband scandal" and click the pdf on teletruth.

According to a full build out of Google to every house in America...

But according to an update i saw,  they've been given $400 billion now...  we should be pushing 2gbps in both directions.. The isps got the money and ran and now they want to complain about congestion and cap us while laughing all the way to the bank. 
Will this be called AMWorks and be funded by FEMA until Congress realize that it works? Make sure it isn't during hurricane season. 
Is there like that many unemployed construction workers?  
Hilarious that most on here haven't looked at business tax rates in those countries his policies are formed from. Those big four are taxed at a much lower rate than our current tax rates.
Everyone seems to be saying you get "brain drain" all the big companies just up and leave, is this not simply about taxing money that is made in the US, the same as here in the UK we have tax havens and even if you are making your money in the UK as long as the bank account its going in to is held in a different country you don't pay anywhere near as much tax on it? that doesnt sound right to me. Facebook paid barely any tax here last year, they are such a huge country with such a huge user base in the UK it seems only fair they pay tax for that user base income
Sanders can make whatever case he wants for his policies.  The reality is that he's likely facing a Republican legislature, unless there is some kind of Deus ex Machina for the Democrats in local elections. The value of a Sanders or Clinton Presidency is in their veto and in their ability to nominate the likely several SC justices who will retire during the next President's term.
Do you want people to renounce their citizenship? Because that's how you get people to renounce their citizenship.
Wow. Talk about a bill of goods
But, but, but.. a *woman* president tho./s
The problem is, corporations have too much money to employ people.  So if we can just take away all that money, they should be able to employ more people!
I still don't understand how they say that a 1 trillion dollar program will result in 13 million jobs. if we spend all of that money on payroll then  all 13 million people receive less than 77k. Lets say that 40% of this money goes to pay people, which is still a high figure this is less than 31k. That is about what bernie says should be minimum wage for one year. The money just doesn't equate.
Automation isn't perfect. I rarely make it through self checkout without needing assistance. Usually I end up wishing I had gone to the "real" person in the first place.
cough"credible"cough
I always hear "more jobs" never specially what kind of job that suddenly has more positions to hire. 
in a world where presidents actually have power and the rest of the US government isn't in it for profit, this MIGHT get passed. I have zero faith in this government and zero faith that any candidate who looks good on paper actually gives a fuck once elected into office. maybe it's just because I'm a lost twenty-something on the cusp of 80s baby and millennial who's heard nothing but "the good old days" and seen nothing but the decline of global civilization in my lifetime. 
I don't get it won't companies just move away? Then Sanders get practical nothing and the economy goes down the shitter
Can we stop with the whole Bernie Sanders thing? It's clear that national security is a top priority for the majority of Americans and Sanders comes off as weak as hell regarding national security. 
I feel like I have seen this article a million times on the front page of reddit.  
This is so wrong headed I don't know where to start.   Lets just get a good graduated tax that brings the rich back to a reasonable tax rate.   Eliminate carried interest (small but immoral),  Properly tax (near or at the full rate) Capital gains, and nearly eliminate corporate taxes.  Tax it on it's way out of the corporation.  That deals with the problem and makes American based corporation the most well positioned in the world.   That will create jobs and generate tax revenue.   Taxing retained earnings makes no sense.

You will also need to disincentivise the financial engineering of stock buy backs.   This keeps money locked it a upward spiral of share prices with no real value creation.  Not punish it, stock buy backs at necessary, but it should not be a primary driver of stock price, as it has for so many.
Ya he can't make them bring back cash, they will actually leave and it will just cost jobs.  
Why is no one stating the obvious -- that everything Sanders proposes is a drop in the bucket compared to our bloated offense budget.
I would rather take the money from the people running and benefiting from those corporations (stockholders, CEOs) than have the money come directly from a corporations profits.

Pretty sure it makes more economic sense to do it that way. Corporations are not evil and taxing them actually does harm the economy. The corporations are job makers, but their profits are being diverted to the wealthy people who need to be taxed more.
What's the expression?  Common sense is not that common? 
Implying they don't take more jobs out of the country
He's missing the point of the entire system.

The goal here is to let it all fall apart, and let the government become so bogged down with 'entitlements' that they cannot afford to repair it. And by that time 26% of voters (all you need to lie to/convince!) will be sufficiently convinced that taxes on the wealthy are 'punishing the successful' so taxes can't be raised!

Then, the government will simply sell off our nation's infrastructure to large multinational corporations, and we'll end up having a toll system for the whole shebang.

Endless profits, and citizens as endless renters.
We can't even fund the lesser spending we have today. We have run trillion dollar deficits for a decade.
Bernie is a man of the people!
This is exactly what is needed
It's almost like if we do things honestly there won't be so many damn problems. A mind-blowing concept for our country.
"Imagine if you got tax refunds in 2009 and 2010 that exceeded the taxes you paid in 2011, 2012 and 2013. Would you say you paid “not one nickel” in federal taxes? Didn’t think so."  

I'm sorry, if I was paid more in two years than the cumulative costs of the 3 subsequent years, I'd definitely say I had a net gain.  
If the cost in question was one that every other person in the country had to pay in the same ratios, and for two years I actually had more returns than costs for the next 3 years, I'd also say I've paid a total of zero money in the last 5 years, in fact I've gained money.  

  
I would definitely, as a sane, literate person, say I  haven't paid a nickel, dime, quarter, or paper currency towards my fiscal responsibility. Would anyone not?
Fuckin commie bastard! /s
  The fact is that those who have been paying attention know a huge number of corporations that are hiding money in Luxemborg an using a swap game between Switzerland and Lux and essentially paying no tax.    That should be exploited.   And yes, that is thanks to the French banker who handed over a list and investigators from around the world are pulling doing the complex process .

    The problem is that it is complicated and most US readers are unwilling to spend any time reading and comprehending a complex process - they rely on soundbite media.   http://www.publicintegrity.org/news/Luxembourg
Why would the United States be entitled to a cent of money not earned in the United States.  

Sanders needs to put down the crack pipe and actually think about the policy positions he puts forth.
13 million temp jobs until the construction is done.

Good economic plan based on tax payers than actual goods and services produced by a company..........
Sanders has some great ideas, none of which will ever make it into legislation (cough: Congress). 

Assuming he could become President, where is he going to get enough votes to pass one single piece of legislation that he wants? The opposition that he faces would be greater than anything Obama has experienced and he wouldn't even have the support of moderate Democrats. 
yeah...Bernie is delusional if he thinks that as President he'd be able to tax corporate profits held in off shore havens.
I wish this were possible really but as soon as taxes are raised the corporations will outsource. A reason jobs have left america is because there are lower taxes elsewhere so the company can profit more. Its a shitty reality but a reality none the less
lol this guy
"But these jobs would only be temporary"^*
All USA corporations will just incorporate abroad and there will be no more U.S. corporation. Sanders is either an idiot or a madman. More dangerous than Trump.
Just remember you spend a trillion a year on the military
Sanders promises the earth sun and moon if only it can get him elected. I don't know what's more shameful, Hillary Clinton making wall street profits from 9/11 and calling it Patriotic duty or Bernie Sanders with his fantasy socialist economics, where everyone can go to college and no one has to pay for it, as if either wouldn't run the country to the ground.  

The great Margret Thatcher once said he problem with socialism is that eventually you run out of other peoples money.  Between a war profiteer and A Genius who decided socialism is the way to run a capitalist country the Democrats are falling short this election cycle. Socialism as Economic theory  would Bern the country to the ground, Hill dog will sell you out to her elite liberal friends just to make a nickel. I can only hope a sensible Republican will secure the White house this 2016
[deleted]
smoke weed and build streets sanders 2016 woo
so he is going to convince multinational corporations to bring home and tax oversees profits be raising their taxes?  fucking idiot.
All these people saying "Sounds like a great way to drive away major companies" make me scratch my head. So you'd rather them dodge taxes and get away with robbing the american people? A lot of people act like this would kill major companies when in reality it would not. What country would they go to if they left the US? 
And borrowing from the defense budget maybe?

Says the guy who wants to "emulate the Nordic model"

News flash bud, almost all the Nordic countries have LOWER business tax than the U.S.
No,   he really CANT make a "Credible" case for that.
Interesting Plan. My only question is this. What fantasy world are we living in that sees this bill pass through congress and the senate? Paul Ryan alone could ensure this never sees the light of day.
Expectation management guys. Congress would never approve such a tax plan.
Temporary jobs.
Yeah, but can he stump the trump?
TAX THE RICH AND GIVE EVERYONE FREE SHIT... 

#AND WEED!

 #BERNIE2016
ahahhahahahahahahahhahahahahahahaha
This thread has nothing substantial to offer, only liberal cockamamie theories. 
I'd love to see America elect Bernie. But really, America deserves Donald Trump. They buy into the illusion of meritocracy down there.
What annoys the fuck out of me is that Sanders just copy'd and paste'd the findings of the house ways and means committee and said that it is his owned.

But I guest Bernie Panders knows how to steal credit from others.
I am so tired of hearing about this. Taxing more people/corporations won't change the problem, because the problem isn't money. The actual problem is how the money is spent,  so we would be better off stopping all of the fraud, waste, and exploitation, and instead focusing on using what we have for real problems. An example of this is military spending:when we allow contractors to charge 10 dollars for a screw or 500 dollars for a tool, it's just robbery. So whenever we have these debates about funding, the focus should be on stopping these issues and not feeding more money into the problem. The same thing happens where I live: the schools are terrible, but every cop has a new 100k Charger...let's stop wasting money on things we don't need and instead, use what we have to improve our system. When I hear Sanders talk about this, it just seems ridiculous, because for someone so focused on fixing problems, his ideas for doing so seem to miss the huge and obvious issues. I also think it's ridiculous to think that these companies won't just leave and go elsewhere, because there is no way modern companies are going to start paying billions in extra taxes (which is how they would view it)
This is why I'm voting for Bernie
So...

&gt;If it works, great, but it might not work.

I think this is infinitely preferable to

&gt;not a chance in hell of working and will certainly make things worse

like the Republican Party is offering. I'm of the opinion that Bernie's is wishful thinking, but at least it's mostly rooted in macroeconomics. The historical data is there. Because we can borrow at the zero-lower bound, it would be interest free, so we will not have to pay *extra* for it in interest. Remember: Any debt without interest is maintained entirely through stable inflation. Every credible model looks to show this would work  -- to varying degrees -- but work nonetheless. I mean, how much money is in off-shore  tax havens? 10 trillion? 20? 10 percent of that would pay for most of what Sanders wants to do.
This guy is gonna be assassinated soon, there's no way **they** can risk him being President.
Psych lets get a bunch of robots to do it. Then re purpose robots for something else, and so on... 
Somebody make this man Secretary of the Interior and quick!
Do people actually expect a democrat preaching change to increase taxes for the wealthy? Why would the democratic leadership let him use their party and their elections to directly harm them?
Remind me. How did that last trillion dollar infrastructure bill go? What % was actually spent on infrastructure? Oh and how about the bill before that? How did that go?
Someone might want to watch themselves around grassy knolls....
I broke my elbow because of a pothole that'd been reported months ago. Bernie or Bern it down.
ITT: No he can't. Why? He... he just can't.
The infrastructure proposal will be set out in the "Free and Comfortable Life for All" act that Sanders and Liz Warren are submitting to congress in the coming months, watch for it.  
The sheer amount of Republican shills in here is astounding.
But he still sounds like he has a dick in his mouth :0(
Bernie really doesn't seem like he wants to be the nominee, which is a shame, i guess, sorta
And who do you think the Corporations are going to pass that extra cost on to? Huh? *Who*?? Idiots.
So much ignorance and non-factual claims in this thread... didn't realize I was over in /r/shitconservativessay
...and none of those corporations will leave the country, ever.  So says the magic fairy dust man and his magical caca dust, with titti-sprinkles.
Yea, real credible. Lol, I'm sure the corporations will just give up and hand over all their money because Sanders is such a strong, persuasive leader who gets his events hijacked by sassy black women and because he has so much integrity, which is why he refuses to call out Clinton for her crimes and her abuse of the political system, despite it being a central pillar of his campaign.
He cannot tax money overseas, and if he tried, corporate inversions would increase, just as FATCA and FBAR resulted in more Americans living overseas to renounce US citizenship.

Many countries are much more friendly to individuals and corporations regarding taxes.  Big companies can simply move headquarters elsewhere to take advantage of such friendliness.

that anyone thinks this is possible without destroying the US economy is just silly.
To think that I am risking my life on crumbling bridges and beating the crap out of my 9-year-old car driving over potholes so that some fortune 500 company can keep its tax bill low makes me furious.
So all Sanders needs is to 2.5 terms as President for this to work. Boy that sounds really promising....lol.
So my question is. . .if we changed the tax structure and encouraged investment in US (without penalty) of offshore money. . how many jobs will it create.

I never trust the US to do anything but grow with big money, and creating jobs is something employers - not governments - do
Where are the 13 million jobs from Obamas stimulus?
Do these dickhead corporations realize if society falls apart, nobody is going to be around to buy their stupid plastic garbage products?

Are they hoarding profits because they calculated they are in the cusp of a major discovery requiring a large cash flow?  Or are they just greedy shit heads?  From what I've seen of rich people (as in, their own actual words and behavior), they are just greedy fucking shit heads.

Remember those nice clean gas stations staffed by white people where you got full service and it was awesome?  Tell me how it's an improvement where I now have to walk into a gas station with bullet proof glass and talk to some rag head/mexican/persian/brownie speaking broken english running a dirty ass shitty store, so lazy they can't even be bothered to clean up the gang sign graffiti on the power boxes outside.

Fuck you, corporate douche bags.  If you live in some type of a gated community, you are literally a person that should die this very second.  You are pure, fucking, scum.  Hypocrite.  Deceiver. Criminal.  Scum.
And this is why the wealthy elite will never permit Bernie to win.  It's a nice dream though. 
His problem is electability. His policies will work, but will he EVER get this passed in congress? No way in hell. So why would I vote for someone who can't get anything done? He's putting forward all these great policies, but they're so radical you could never get 50% of them done in an 8 year period
13 million low paying, nonbenefit, part time gigs. The poor are better off on welfare. They won't work if it's only a slight upgrade.
Be carefull with that. Socialism builds roads to nowhere.
all that magical rich man money

we'll just steal from the rich, and the rich conservative man will PAY
&gt; They have established a 5 ng/ml blood-THC limit for operation of a motor vehicle, which seems to be arbitrary as there is no preponderance of data to support a specific number.



Why aren't prosecutors and cops furious that the laws they have to enforce are based off of nothing? Shouldn't that be of concern to them? If you can't come up with a reliable and accurate method of determining whether or not someone is under the influence, don't be surprised when juries don't take your side. 
So far they can't even tell marijuana's effects on driving (bolding mine):

&gt;Last year, during a congressional hearing on the threat posed by stoned drivers, a representative of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) was asked how many crash fatalities are caused by marijuana each year. “That’s difficult to say,” replied Jeff Michael, NHTSA’s associate administrator for research and program development. “We don’t have a precise estimate.” The most he was willing to affirm was that the number is “probably not” zero.

&gt;Michael knows something that grandstanding politicians and anti-pot activists either do not understand or refuse to acknowledge: Although experiments show that marijuana impairs driving ability, the effects are not nearly as dramatic as those seen with alcohol, and measuring the real-world consequences has proven very difficult, as demonstrated by a landmark study that NHTSA released last Friday. In “the first large-scale [crash risk] study in the United States to include drugs other than alcohol,” NHTSA found that, once the data were adjusted for confounding variables, **cannabis consumption was not associated with an increased probability of getting into an accident.**  [SOURCE](http://www.forbes.com/sites/jacobsullum/2015/02/12/if-marijuana-causes-lots-of-crashes-why-are-they-so-hard-to-count/)

EDIT:  Thanks for the gold!
You're still impaired.  I'm pro legalization of recreational marijuana, but just like any other drug you shouldn't be using it behind the wheel of a car. Hell, I carpool when I'm taking dayquil and sudafed.
Jury Nulification is the important topic within this article, more people should recognize the ability to void prosecution of victimless crimes. The practices of the police are to earn money in order to pay for the expense of police toys and cruiser upgrades. what we see here in Colorado is a reduced fund raising ability and this is making some authoritarians angry. Good!
As a MM patient who suffers from burning and prickly sensation in my legs from multiple sclerosis I can tell you it's easier to drive while mediated then when I'm not distracted by the searing pain from depressing the pedals.
But you are still free to take your prescription pain relievers and anti depressants that may impair your driving without any harassment.
This story is about a woman who got pulled over for an expired plate and then was charged with driving while impaired. There was no documentation of reckless driving. The cop just decided this would be an easy arrest and revenue grab. I'm all for prosecuting and investigating people who cause accidents, they've shown that (sober or not) they're not capable of safe driving. Pulling people over for an administrative violation and then trying to add on additional charges is wasting everyone's time and money. 
I'm surprised at the pro-high driving sentiment here.  It's been a long time since I smoked pot, and I liked it and I would do it again, but I would never let myself drive afterward. 

Just to be more specific, I'd have vision impairment most of the time I smoked a lot. Or perception impairment. The best way I can describe it is that my vision would "stutter." Similar to the way a room will appear to jump forward and then backward, forward and then backward, if you spin around too much. 
But have you ever driven *on weed??*
Problem with cannabanoids:
They accumulate in fat cells, and their relative effect on the user slides higher depending on usage rate, metabolism, and potency of the product. Someone who uses extracts could wake up in the morning sober as a duck, get pulled over and be tested multiple times over the limit. If these cases weren't getting thrown out we'd be dealing with witch trials for anyone who got pulled over with grass in their car, a steal your face sticker, red eyes, alleged aromas (like when I got pulled over next to an industrial park hosting more than a half dozen grows, or just a dead skunk), etc. Most people that use cannabis daily are all multiple times over the limit. 

It is important to note that in a fatality case blood is drawn always. Until decriminalization the data surrounding fatalities on the road had very little to do with cannabis use. 

As a Colorado resident, we are notorious for imposing financial ruin on those who drive drunk (Personally I am unopposed), but we go a step further with what is called a DWAI (Driving while ability impaired, or as we like to say, Driving While Almost Impaired), which means if you blow below the legal limit at the cop's discretion he can effectively hit you with a DUI. So to see the shades of grey here not culminate in imposing fiscal ruin on the motorist is somewhat refreshing, but still. Legal limits mean nothing here if the cop wants to put the screws to you. 
Regardless of limit. I feel asking marijuana and driving is not okay. 

I would like to know if they were caught smoking while driving or suspected of smoking before. 

I've smoked weed before and I feel you should not be driving under it. 
Here's my perspective based on 14 years of habitual marijuana use and 13 years of driving with hundreds of thousands, if not millions of miles under my belt.

Driving high can be dangerous in some cases, but I think it depends on a persons tolerance and experience with marijuana as much as how high a person might be. I think that more often than not, if a person is a new smoker, or hasn't smoked in a long time and is too high to drive, their judgement isn't affected in such a way as to prevent them from realizing this. And in those cases all you have to do is eat and wait a half hour to an hour.

I've been told that I'm a better driver when I'm high, because I compensate by driving the speed limit and being more aware and more relaxed. I'm a bit pent up when I'm not high.

I've driven to and from college many on the other side of the state many times, commuted multiple hours for work at a previous job for years, held a job that involved driving people around the country, and generally driven since I was 16. I drive high regularly but don't believe that with my tolerance and my experience with marijuana that I'm dangerously impaired. I've never been involved in an accident. My driving record is squeaky clean. I've never had anybody question my driving ability.

If you don't smoke marijuana regularly, please don't unquestioningly view it the same way that you view alcohol and driving. There's a world of difference between the two substances.
jury nullification is cool
[deleted]
Honestly the difference is person to person. That is the danger of DUI of anything. Also they don't have a reliable way to test the level of intoxication one would experience from smoking or ingesting THC. I am all for the legalization of marijuana and recreationally use it. However, like alcohol, pain meds or cough syrup for that matter, driving is way too much of a risk. Call uber.
[Jury Nullification](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uqH_Y1TupoQ)

In case this hasn't been linked yet.
Well if the people don't see it as a problem then who cares. Fuck what the police think, they are not paid to think they are paid to enforce the law and bitxh about people not respecting them enough 
How do you know if someone is driving while high?  What is the test for that?
I think there are two arguments happening here. 

The first is that they have no way to test how recently the person has smoked. And because marijuana stays in your system for so long it is hard to say that this person is under the influence at the time of being pulled over.

The second argument is that it is OK to drive while on marijuana.

I think road side motor skills tests are the best way to judge. They should be recorded and that should be enough evidence to get a conviction. 
Driving under the influence of 'X' is safer than driving under the influence of 'Y' is a shit rationalization for driving impaired.  And cut the shit about 'oh well, you don't get arrested for driving on prescription meds' - you can.  How can reddit be so dense about something so elementary?  Don't drive if you're fucked up.  Drop your excuses and stop putting people in danger.
Ahhhh the wonders of jury nullification. 
I remember reading about "tests" back in the 1960s(?) where they'd get people to drive an obstacle course sober, then have 1 drink, blow into the breathalyser to see what their blood alcohol level was, drive the course again, lather, rinse, repeat. They'd note how the drivers' performance (time to go through the course, number of pylons knocked over) varied with BAC level, and that research was part of why 0.08% was chosen by almost every jurisdiction in North America as "the line" beyond which you were presumed to be impaired.

Has anyone else done any similar tests with drivers and marijuana?  And if no one has, maybe the NHTSA in the US or Transport Canada’s Motor Vehicle Safety Directorate should **do** that kind of testing.
I have a feeling that cops will hate self-driving cars.
My stance:

- If you are noticeably intoxicated from alcohol, weed, prescription drugs, etc. then you should not be driving

- Wide scale adoption of self-driving cars would almost completely solve the problem of intoxicated driving
I agree with the cops.  I get stoned, I don't get stoned and drive.  

Your reaction time is longer, you are more likely to be distracted, you forget the speed limit is 70 and you are doing 45.  Love getting stoned, have been getting stoned since the 70's but I am clearly a better driver when I am not high.
"Is the movie Soul Plane funny?"

"Yes..."

"Sir, please step out of the car."
Next thing you know cops will be setting up convenience store stings selling nothing but Oreos, Chocolate Chip cookies, Twinkies and such.  
A heavy smoker can fail a drug test (especially at 5 ng/mL) up to 30-45 days after last use. Is anyone going to really suggest that if the last time someone smoked was weeks ago, they are still too impaired to drive? As a result of THC accumulating in fat cells, any chemical drug test is essentially worthless to evaluate if someone is currently impaired on weed.
This is not a good thing for legalization progress, at all.    

There needs to be extensive testing to create reliable sobriety testing, and when people can't pass it they need to be held accountable.   

By far the biggest, most successful argument left against legalization is that it's too hard to police driving while high, and adding fuel to that fire is one of the worst possible things we can do at this point. 
The should drive on Roads, like the rest of us!
We should all just be smart and not be high and drive. It's our responsibility as adults. We told the world we weren't doing a bad thing or hurting anybody and when we make that decision to smoke, we should lead by example. Driving while distracted by ANYTHING is dangerous and we should all know better because now we're responsible for the people around us as well.
Prosecutors and Cops Will Hate You! Click Here to Learn This One Weird Trick That Cops DON'T Want You to Know!
I know that you shouldn't drive impaired, but the reality is that marijuana doesn't impair motor skills the way alcohol does. Maybe if you're really high, or really new to getting high, but for regular users it's not at all like alcohol. For example, I've never every smoked so much I couldn't walk a straight line or stand up without falling down. I don't even know if that's possible on marijuana but it sure is on alcohol. 
I'm not saying I didn't partake in the legal weed in Colorado during a recent visit.  I'm also not saying it didn't make driving particularly difficult. (Full disclosure - i didn't intend to drive and had to out of necessity).  to say weed doesn't impair driving ability is a complete lie.
ITT are a lot of people who haven't smoked very much weed.
Jury nullification is a thing. The will of the people is paramount, laws then follow.
You shouldn't drive under the influence of anything.
this is my biggest issue with legalization, we need to have strict guidelines on what you can do and then drive. until we get a roadside test like a breathalyzer, it seems a physical test is all we have at the moment, and if they can pass that, I don't know what else we can do
Okay seriously, you guys need to cut it out with your delusional nonsense. Pot does *not* make you drive better.

[Studies have shown that marijuana impairs driving ability across the board](http://medicalmarijuana.procon.org/sourcefiles/DOTcannabis.pdf)

Pot does for a fact reduce reaction times, which directly affects driving ability. Slower reaction times means less time to react to sudden hazards.

Also, for all of you who seem to think that "it's not as bad as alcohol" is a good argument. Are you serious? Neither of them are good, in so far as being under their influence while driving. Just because something isn't as bad for you doesn't automatically make it good.

I swear, people lose their ability to reason when pot is involved.
I grew up in a very conservative group, so never got to try it. I still have not (I guess its just one of those things). Yet I do not really see a problem with it. 

I like to have a drink once in a while, and drinking is CLEARLY more destructive. So why should I support throwing somebody in prison for something that is not even remotely as dangerous? 

It just doesnt make sense. 


It absolutely does impair driving. Driving while high can cause people to drive overly cautious which actually is dangerous. It is probably much less dangerous than drunk driving, but still, it can be dangerous.


That said, I'm sure I'll get downvoted heavily because what I said is remotely antiweed. I'm all for legalization, but I'm also for people being responsible smokers and doing it somewhere where they are staying, ie smoking at home or a friend's house. 

Don't marijuana metabolites stay in your system for kind of a long time? Let's say you are an everyday user and you eat edibles a lot. You are going on a road trip so you wake up and decide *not to consume any cannabis*

If you were blood-tested, wouldn't you likely be way over the 5 ng/ml limit, despite not having consumed anything that day?

I know there is controversy about the ability of a blood test to accurately determine if an athlete has actually used marijuana recently in the professional sports world. So much so that WADA (World Anti-Doping Agency) actually has a 150 ng/ml threshold now for a positive test.
So long as you can pass a field sobriety test, whats the difference? People drive on prescription drugs all the time. Either way, you can still get a DWI no matter what drug you took if you're clearly driving erratically and posing a threat to other motorists.
Sure, stoned drivers are more paranoid and less likely to break traffic laws, which means cops are giving out less tickets and can't hit their quotas. 

I'm proud of Colorado. 
I served on such a jury, AMA. 

We voted to acquit the defendant. We did so because the state had the burden of proof. 

The way the statute is written (in California) is that the driver has to drive with less caution than she would otherwise sober. 

The state did a good job of proving the driver was high. They did a poor job of proving she was driving with less caution. 

So she got off. 

If there were a legal limit for thc like there is for alcohol I doubt very much that the driver would have been acquitted. 
With weed becoming legal and the beginnings of driverless cars, the cops will have to imprison you and pay for their municipalities a different way...which is scary don't think less people are going to fill their corporate prisons.
&gt; Citizens of Colorado are increasingly employing the use of jury nullification to keep innocents (sic) people out of cages - and it's driving prosecutors CRAZY.

Feels like TMZ with that all-caps 'CRAZY' tacked on.

The article doesn't mention a single prosecutor or cop saying anything that would lead me to believe they are "furious" or throwing "hissy fits".  The only single quote from a district attorney is fairly measured:

&gt; “You are putting lives in danger,” said Tom Raynes, head of the Colorado District Attorneys’ Council. “I want the message to be understood. It’s about driving while under the influence of drugs — it’s not about recreational or medical, it’s about being impaired when you drive.”

Super sensationalism.  I would have preferred a thoughtful article about jury nullification or legal THC limits instead.
They are still driving while under the influence...not sure how that is confusing. They are breaking the law. 
&gt; even when tests show they are over the state’s legal blood-THC limit.

WTF is this? I've never even heard of such a thing. There is absolutely no way to tell if a person is currently high by chemical testing so what methods are they using? The cops themselves used the argument that there are no methods to accurately test high drivers during the fight leading up to legalization.

**The system works and cops are pissed about it** should be the headline here.
I think imposing the same penalty as driving under alcohol is an imbalance.  It's far more dangerous to drive under the influence.

Right or wrong, I think the jurors feel the penalty is too stiff for the crime. Their only power though is jury nullification.
"However, in court Brinegar said that she “drives better” and “is able to focus” after using cannabis. She went on to testify, “When I smoke I don’t get high.”"

Sounds like the same thing someone who had a couple of beers and drove home would say. I'm not saying in either case defendant actually was a danger, it's just the same exact argument. It seems to me more research is needed on what a safe level is. I've certainly experienced people who were in no shape to operate a microwave, let alone a car after smoking, but there needs to be guidelines so that people with legitimate medical issues who are at a safe but detectable level are not penalized. Sounds like a good project for some of that new tax revenue they have coming in, perhaps in partnership with other states where it is legalized.
7year plus stoner, driving high is like driving on advil. Not exactly dangerous. In all my years only times I was pulled over I was sober(twice). One accident I was in a lady in an explorer ran a red light, I was high and in my normal right of way, cuz I was never impaired! When im high and drive i think every car is a cop so slow driving, 2-3 car length follows, and longer blinkers. I think the jury is right on point. I think the level of drug should be taken into consideration. Driving on perks Bad, driving drunk Bad, I just don't think weed impairs someone's judgement enough to matter. Now the amount of sober people who couldn't drive to save their life and have ample reaction time to stop, what's their excuse?
I'm sure Denver's high profile and aggressive campaign to suppress public knowledge of jury nullification has absolutely nothing to do with the massive increase in the use of jury nullification.

I mean, that would just be crazy!
"Colorado prosecutors are getting frustrated at jurors for daring to exercise rationality instead of blindly following the will of the State." 

Good thing this reporter doesn't have any preformed notions about this issue. 
How about we just penalize people after they've broken something or hurt someone and skip the bullshit guessing game?
["The primary function of the independent juror is not, as many think, to dispense punishment to fellow citizens accused of breaking various laws, but rather to protect fellow citizens from tyrannical abuses of power by government."](http://fija.org/)
They really need to come up with a reliable test if that's possible. I agree you shouldn't drive high, but people are going to do it. Right now the only way they should be busted for it though is if they're caught smoking while driving or obviously impaired from a road side test. I wait at least a few hours after smoking before operating a vehicle and I've always felt safe and fine at that point. I'm 100% sure I would fail that blood test though. It just doesn't make sense. Hopefully they have a solution by the time legalization is more widespread.
Erh. As much as i support decriminalization, Driving under influence whether it's Alcohol or weed is not okay. You are a danger to others around when driving a vehicule while drunk on either.
Prosecutors HATE them!
Bring on the self driving cars
Good job people of Colorado. 
How do the cops know if you are under the influence of weed?  Is there some kind of field sobriety test that is administered?  I honestly don't have a clue how this whole thing works so please fill me in!
&gt;Know how the drug affects you before driving.

I've seen this used on prescription drugs advertised in magazines. There seems to be no problem with letting the people on these drugs drive.
This title is reddit clickbait. 

Jury Nullification is a hell of a drug
HOW ARE WE SUPPOSED TO POLICE THE STREETS IF YOU LET GO ALL THE NONVIOLENT...o wait
Jury nullification. 
I cannot drive when I am high. My depth perception is all out of whack plus the thought of driving triggers paranoia because I know I am high and unfit to be driving (sort of a catch 22). A person like me should be arrested and charged with a DUI if I attempt to drive after smoking like 2-3 hits. The only time I tried driving while high I ended up driving on the wrong side of the road INSIDE a military base. Yes, I was a fucking idiot.   
  
On the other hand, my boyfriend can be high as fuck and feels no impairment while driving. I have seen him drive while high (me being sober) and there's ZERO difference in comparison to when he is "sober".   
  
It's a crapshoot but I personally would err on the side of caution.
A blood test is not reliable proof of being high. That is the issue here. It isn't that people are ok with others driving high. I could have THC in my system and not be impaired as it remains in the body for a long period of time. However, alcohol is cut and dry as it impairs you when it is in the body and it wears off quickly. We can't treat marijuana like we treat alcohol. They aren't the same.
Maybe if the impairment levels weren't bullshit this wouldn't be happening. I've read data that says you can be around 10 ng/ml after a single hit, and people have tested far above the 5ng/ml limit a full week after they've smoked. Also people are often far above the 5ng/ml before they even get a minor buzz. Weed doesn't flow through your body like alcohol does, and moves rapidly to, and stores itself in fat. They need to re-evaluate the tests and make them relevant and fair. Field tests in the interim should be thorough and hold the majority of the weight.
Jury Nullification  ftw.
Once you get widespread jury nullification, you really ought to repeal the law since you're just wasting your time enforcing it.
If you want to arrest someone for weed, you belong in a cage.
[This source](http://norml.org/library/item/marijuana-and-driving-a-review-of-the-scientific-evidence) is obviously somewhat bias, but in this article the use peer reviewed studies to show that weed doesn't necessarily impair driving.
It's fucking with their revenue generation machine. 

How else are they going to be able to compensate the "crime victims fund" and other made up court costs. 
Just let people drive high as fuck and see what happens. Document the results scientifically. Either the accidents, injuries and deaths will trend up or they won't. In the meantime develop a way of measuring THC in a person's system. That's the only way this is ever going to be settled and that sucks but there is no way around it. BTW only a complete asshole drives impaired. Booze, pills, weed, model airplane glue. If you do this FUCK YOU.
Good because weed isnt alcohol and shouldnt be tested the same way. These laws are ridiculous. 
How many people have died as a result of this driving? 
Hopefully the legalization of weed in several states will finally bring about a reliable test for *recent* use of weed / potential impairment.

People shouldn't be driving high any more than they should be driving drunk. THC causes impairment.

Does it vary from individual to individual? Of course. So do the effects of alcohol on people.

Do I want to see someone nailed for testing positive to a brownie they ate three days ago? Of course not. Any more than I want to see someone busted for the three Manhattans they drank yesterday evening.

Do I want police to be able to accurately test someone who they've pulled over under suspicion of driving while impaired? Absolutely. There is *no* question that marijuana has an effect on reflexes, judgment, and overall awareness.
We make fun of people who point to unseasonable snow storms as evidence against "global warming", but it emphasizes the point that incidental evidence can't be used to support claims. I don't care if you know someone who drives high, or even if you've done it your self, that doesn't prove it is safe. Have you ever texted while driving? Did you get into an accident? No? Then it should be safe right? Texting while driving increases your chances of an accident, and we know that thanks to studies. 

A large part of this problem stems from lack of research on the topic. Until we see randomized controlled experiments, and quite a few of them, we won't have an answer. Banning research on pot put us in a hole on our understanding about its effects. However, there is a big difference between infringing an individual's rights in their own home, and impacting the safety of others when they enter public spaces. We need more study on the topic for sure, but people have been responsibly planning a night out drinking without getting behind the wheel for decades, I don't think that the the onus is too much to ask the same from those smoking pot. At least until we see substantial evidence emerging from the literature.
This is probably unpopular. I'm all for legalization of weed, infact I think of it the exact same way as I do alcohol, yes they have differences, but generally I consider them along the same line. Despite this, I don't get a lot of the people here. Why is driving while high acceptable, but drunk driving isn't? Neither should be. Both in small quantities tend to slow you down slightly, and both in high quantities can completely screw you. Ever seen a high dude drive a go-kart? Fuckin' hilarious. 

As others have pointed out, weed can stay in your system for a while, which is why traditional drug tests really shouldn't be used. Regardless, I can't believe that after years of using the comparison between weed and alcohol as a reason for legalization, we're just now deciding that it isn't a fair one. 

I don't smoke weed or drink alcohol, nothing against it, I just don't, but surely this is just common sense. 
Jury nullification. You as a juror have the power to let somebody go if you disagree with the law. The special thing is that your decision is immune from prosecution, so the Government can't do anything.
Now if only we could get a real DUI (texting) made into law.
Prescription pills...not a concern.  
It's all about money and control. They need to get the cob out of their ass and do something meaningful with their lives. 
[deleted]
I love everything that's happening in CO if I could move there I would!! it's about time America has a state that's not afraid to go against this bullshit system and [take the power back](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rqkMsXcHQYg)!
So am I a little bit. I am pro-legalization but you're still driving impaired. This will be used as a part of anti-legalization fearmongering campaigns in other states in no time.
The pro-high driving sentiment is appalling, honestly. All of their arguments can apply to alcohol, too.

I hold my liquor pretty well. Should I be allowed to drive on a higher BAC than the legal mandate? Absolutely not.

Can you imagine that world? "Oh, it's okay, officer. I'm above the law because I'm just better." Maybe that's the libertarian fantasy.

Defenders of driving while high say that the research isn't in yet. In that case, shouldn't we all err on the side of caution and exclude substances that might impair us while we drive?

I wouldn't drive under the influence of some mystery drug, regardless of whether or not incapacitation effects had been properly studied.
The 4 Boxes: Soap Box, Ballot Box, Jury Box, and Ammo Box.

Seems people are realizing the laws are by and for the people, and the Jury Box is very powerful. Frankly, I'm surprised that Jury Nullification hasn't been used in more low-level drug use cases than now.
If the State offered the Cops &amp; Prosecutors a small piece of the action in the Maryjane sales, maybe they would focus their energy more on real crime. I imagine that is also dropping in Colorado. 
I suspect a conspiracy.  I think the powers that be 'allowed' pot legalization, knowing that they would lose a lot of revenue in possession fines, but being offset by an increase in DUII fines.

Now they're realizing they'll get less of both, and have to figure out how to balance their bloated budgets.
Former cop here, I performed 2 field sobriety tests on people who had admitted to smoking weed within an hour of me pulling them over. Both passed with flying colors. They were pulled over for minor traffic violations and not for swerving or driving dangerously.
I will be down voted to oblivion for this (as I'm sure I should be).

Marijuana is not particularly detrimental to your ability to drive. It should carry a label warning users that they should use caution until they understand how it will affect them (like many medications). Some people will drive worse under the effects of marijuana (particularly those who are not used to the effects) while many people will see no difference or even an improvement in their driving. Know anyone that gets anxious behind the wheel of a car? They may likely drive better when stoned. Know anyone with a lead foot? Their driving may also improve while stoned. 

People like to relate marijuana to alcohol because they are both mood altering drugs used for recreational purposes. Is it okay (legality/morality) while driving on stimulants? My doctor prescribes me amphetamines and they say on maybe half the bottles; "this drug may impair the ability to operate a vehicle vessel, or machinery. Use care until you become familiar with it effects."  

Our approach to other drugs is more realistic for how marijuana affects us.
I'm for legalizing it, but you dumbasses that are getting stoned and driving around are doing nothing but hurting your cause. Doing stupid shit just ruins everything for everyone else. If you want people to take your cause seriously, act responsibly.
I'm kinda pissed too. That's similar to driving drunk.

Then again, they could have smoked the day before.
I'm must imaging the jury coming out and letting some stoner off and the prosecutors and cops stamping their feet and pulling at their hair in frustration. "NO! DAMMIT! HOW WILL WE GET BACKHAND PAYMENTS FROM THE PRIVATE PRISONS IF WE AREN'T FILLING THEM WITH WORTHLESS STONER SCUM"

Good riddance. Good on Coloradoans for not shoving more innocent kids into the bullshit prison system.
I'm an attorney. Used to do some criminal defense work. Most prosecutors are sacks of shit. No logic whatsoever. 
I have been in many discussions about impaired driving with fam and friends. People most of the time disagree with me but I think it is fair. It is illegal to run your car into other cars ,public property, civilians, etc. we don't need to make impairment laws because of the things that -might- happen . if u hit Someone and it was your fault u get a ticket if u kill someone you go to jail. The same jury who let a person go for driving high or drunk and randomly getting pulled over. Will send you to a cage for killing someone wile driving drunk, high, or stone cold sober . Being drunk should not be a crime being high should not be a crime. 
"If you sacrifice liberty for security you will have nether." 
- Ben Franklin - ( I think, it was one of those guys) 
This is called jury nullification and it's hilarious. It is also the last stand against tyranny that predates our Constitution. 
Cannabis isn't alcohol, it doesn't impair people like alcohol.
Why are they furious ?

Cannabis is not alcohol, as much as they want it to be, it's not the same thing. Both "drugs" have different effect on the body so why should it be treated like it fucks you up as alcohol because it don't. 

Wait so we're ok with people who are high as fuck driving a car? ok reddit
To everyone saying "Weed makes me a better driver, I actually go the speed limit and pay attention" let me ask one thing: Will you please give up your license? You sound like you're terrible drivers. You could go the speed limit and pay attention when you're sober, you just choose not to because you're selfish assholes with no regard for the safety of everyone on the road.  
  
  Also, you're not as good as you think you are while you're high.
Jury nullification - it's your duty as a citizen to overturn bad law. As juror, you are the trier of fact **and the law.** 
I wanted more quotes from pissed off government assholes.  I live for that shit.
does anyone know what the limit is? I guess its a lot harder with smoke than alcohol. you can be the DD for the night out at the bar and ingest no drinks.  if you are out somewhere socially you could inadvertently become "high" couldn't you. Then when you go to drive home sober..? on a side note, what tests do they use to determine if someone is over the limit? as far as I knew any tests for thc in the blood took some time and couldn't be done on the spot.
[Ray Lipowski on driving while high](https://youtu.be/w9OiyfNYMLk?t=3m45s)
Hasn't it been 2 years? Why are they still scrambling? 
COPS HATE HIM
I think people on any drug that could impair your driving should avoid driving, but what are the statistics on motorists high on marijuana having accidents?
&gt;The 5 ng/ml limit...

Okay, when we said "regulate it like alcohol," we didn't mean *exactly like alcohol.* We meant 'regulate it like alcohol within reason.' And there is no reason to believe that any particular 'blood THC level' has any particular hindrance on driving ability. I mean, where did that number even come from? What does it represent? Where is the study showing that people below that value are fine while people above it are humanoid typhoons?
Isn't there a study that says that Driving with a child in the car is more dangerous than driving while high?
&gt; Instead of accepting this, prosecutors are seeking ways to convince juries that their 5 ng/ml number and their roadside tests are the only things that matter. 

To be fair, it's not the prosecutors job to accept that ... it's the prosecutors job to prosecute.

It's the lawmakers that should be accepting it.
Jury nullification in action! 
Here's my unpopular opinion.

There should be no test for how much of a substance you can have in your body, even BAC. Different people can handle different levels. Maybe I lose all motor control and reaction speed after my BAC is at 0.04%. I can legally drive at that limit, but I cannot safely drive at that limit.

Why don't we legislate a comprehensive motor control and reaction time test that can be conducted roadside on drivers that may be intoxicated? If you're too tired to pass this test, you're to tired to drive safely. If you're too drunk to pass this tesy, you're to drunk to drive safely. If you're too high to pass this test, you're to high to drive safely.

It seem to me that this would lead to much safer streets and highways since a major problem is driving tired, yet there is no concrete test for this. A comprehensive motor control and reaction time test would also rule out driving for the alcohol impaired. And you can test yourself to see if you are too drunk/tired/high to drive.
I always see headlines like this and wonder, "just how furious are these cops and prosecutors?"
So the system works.
This is an unquestionably complicated issue, it must be said. 

If your tolerance is built up, you could have smoked what would seem like a lot of weed and barely be affected. 

On the other hand, if you're an occasional smoker and you try to drive home after a night hitting the bong, it's probably not very safe. 
Are we seriously going to play this game for the next 20 years? Weed is harmless to drivers, and people are getting tired of cops going after every little ticket, when murders and thiefs run the streets. If we make police wear cameras and then charged them with every little thing they do, they would be just as fed up as us.
I fucking love this story.  Good on you Colorado!!!
Jury nullification is a beautiful thing!
They can be mad all they want. This is the real power of the people.
[I'm just going to leave this here](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-watch/wp/2014/08/05/since-marijuana-legalization-highway-fatalities-in-colorado-are-at-near-historic-lows/)
I saw the title and thought this was about DJ Khaled
Haven't there been studies showing weed to be literally less impairing than caffeine on the road?

Not saying driving while stoned is ok, but let's not put it on the same scale as drinking and driving, because it isn't.
Driving while high especially on something like a brownie is pretty dangerous.
Seems like weed smokers generally drive more cautious when smoking.  

If there was a problem it'd just be them going five under the speed limit.
i drove on weed for years and i drove so carefull and mindfull it was a blast. of course on my scooter.
They have juries for traffic court? WTF. 
Weed is different than anything else, because if you are too high to drive, believe me you won't!
In my personal experience, along with my friends. We all drive BETTER, when we are high. I actually focus, go the speed limit, check my mirrors a shit ton, make sure I'm using a signal when turning. I don't space out at all. When I'm sober, sometimes I feel like I'll go on auto pilot or space out while driving. The weed kept me engaged in my driving.
Honestly the people saying that the impairments of marijuana on driving performance are significant at all are pretty misinformed. I live in SoCal where a very large portion of older teenagers and young adults have medical marijuana cards, myself included. In all of the years that I have been driving and have  ridden with people who are stoned, I have never been in any sort of accident. Before anyone says that I was lucky and that this was an isolated event, I need to emphasize that it's not. The common culture behind marijuana in Southern California suggests that driving while high is acceptable unless you are extremely stoned ( maybe a very potent edible was taken, which I would argue is the exception to my point since they May dose an individual very heavily in a short amount of time) or have taken other substances. 

PS forgive my grammar I'm typing on a broken phone
What about tolerance? Personal tolerance? People can get way too high off nothing sometimes, where others will smoke a fuckig dufflebag of weed and still be fine. 
Hey prosecutors and cops... Fuck uuuuuuuuuu
Jury nollification - gotta love it
&gt;That gave cops the excuse to demand she perform roadside sobriety tests, at which she did poorly.

What are these tests?
Depending on the strain my alertness is heightened while I'm stoned and driving is 10x easier and more enjoyable  
Jury nullification is not a crime, nor is it the right of prosecutors or policemen to complain about the public's right to choice.

We have a trial by jury for exactly this reason.
Jury nullification ftw. 
The safety of driving while stoned definitely depends on one's experience and tolerance level. For beginning smokers or someone who doesn't smoke habitually, getting stoned can be an intense psychedelic trip. You could be in couch lock where you're half in this dream world and everything feels sluggish to you. There's no way anyone in that state can drive safely. 

A lot of people say smoking pot makes them drive slower and more carefully. That may work for navigating. But there are many perceptual judgments you need to make, and a lot of right of way decisions that you need to be aware of. For example, if you're making a left turn on a green, if you're high, you might think it's green you can go. But if you're mentally sharp and aware, you'd realize you need to stop and make sure there's no opposing traffic before you go. 
why didn't I go to trial?!?!?! Fuck 
Yeah that's not a good thing, these people should be arrested and charged with a DUI.
Can't get mad, it is a jury of peers after all.
Should you drive under the influence? No. Should it be illegal? Yes. Should the state respect the will of the people? Damn right. 
Well, you could make some of the same arguments about the 0.08% BAC limit. As a former alcoholic, I can tell you that I could (at one time) be well above the 0.08% legal limit and show absolutely no signs of impairment. Just due to my tolerance. However, the police or anyone else has no idea what my tolerance level is and so they must follow the 0.08% law.

I'd agree that maybe they need to have another look at where to set the limit, or even try to come up with another type of field test (blood / breath / etc) altogether.
I'm all for the levels to drive and such, but if there's no real method for finding out, just stick to blood tests for now until you do? Yeah it will take time, but that's part of the investigation process.
Jury nullification.
Fun narrative, but one quote from one District Attorney doesn't justify the claim that "Prosecutors and cops are furious," and the article doesn't provide any statistics about jury nullification on weed DUI charges.  Its CBS source article is a little more informative, but still not quite in the ballpark of justifying the claims.
&gt; "The jurors believed her. What’s more, the sober jurors tried doing roadside sobriety maneuvers on their own, and some of them failed. They concluded that Brinegar, although “legally” high, was not impaired."

Wait, wouldn't this be thrown out since jurors did independent investigations that influenced their decision?
This was common in the 60s and 70s.
Good ol' jury nullification.
There just mad because now they have nothing to do but do there real job...Oh wait.
Why are they furious? They are paid to carry out the will of the people. If they don't like it, get a new job. They were not hired to impose their will on the population. That would be like my maid being furious that I didn't want my house cleaned the way she liked. I'm fact any opposition should be grounds for dismissal, especially from the police.
haha mother FUCKERS
Jury nullification is a wonderful thing.
While not disagreeing with the basic idea of that article, this
&gt;Indeed, the assumption that driving on weed poses the same risks as driving on alcohol would be a fallacy. In September, we reported on a novel study that found virtually no driving impairment under the influence of cannabis, while alcohol caused complete impairment.

is poppycock.

For one the article linked specifically only talks about moderate amounts, secondly it seems to specifically target weaving, which by far isn't the only thing that can get you into trouble safety wise, and thirdly the argument that people compensate is not actually a good argument.

People try to compensate for all kind of behaviour, and one could argue that the stiff consequences during (unreasonable) marijuana prohibition is a bigger contributor to that compensatory behaviour, than the substance.
Short: people aren't as afraid of being caught slightly drunk.

Tldr: the legal limits might be arbitrary and to harsh, but to go to the other extreme as to write " that found virtually no driving impairment under the influence of cannabis" is the other unreasonable extreme of a complicated issue.
I don't think people should drive if they are impaired by anything. That includes emotions, drugs, lack of sleep, or phones.
There was a time in my life that you would rather me be behind you in traffic stoned than for you to be between me and my 5:15 bong hits. 

Some people can handle their shit, it's those who can t that ruin it for the rest of us. 
How many times has this happened so far?

Good.
She went on to testify, “When I smoke I don’t get high.”

I'm dubious of that claim
#stonedlivesmatter #shehadaraft #nullifythatshit
Maybe is you legalised it you could set a legal limit for it...
but how many cases?  i wish they had given us a number.
It's irresponsible and stupid the war on drugs and pot has been. ggwp I thought it was prescription so it's fine? not proud of that but I see some old woman who shouldn't have been driving on the road.
Who wants to drive high anyways, I'd be to busy holding up traffic trying to figure out if the clicking noise coming from my AC was going to somehow cause my engine to explode. Worry about the drunks. 
When I was a teen some 20+ years ago, I was in a vehicle driven by someone who prior to getting in I didn't know was high. A short time after the driver for what ever reason didn't pay attention to the road. Ended up driving off the road and landing in a ditch about 30 feet down. If I wasn't wearing a seat belt I wouldn't be here today I know that for sure. 

Even when I tried to exit the passenger door the car slid down more and almost trapped me under. 


I know for a fact that in my experience the driver was impaired because he smoked prior to us getting in. I was unaware and had I known I would have probably declined the ride.   
Devils Advocate: low ng Weed + low percentage of alcohol can fuck you up

They need to come up with something that makes more sense for the laws based on actual studies.  If you are 5ng thc and .*07 BAC* you shouldn't be driving even though they are both legal limits.  
they would be better off just filming them.

If everyone is amazed that they were able to turn the car on, convict them
That's what I would do as well, unless someone was hurt.
I don't know if it's just me, but the few times I have smoked marijuana, it has affected my motor skills in a negative way. 
Suddenly DWI is not a thing if it's weed?
Just hold up some munchies and see how fast the driver goes to take them. Or see if he has the giggles idk
I figured their time would be better spent setting up DUI checkpoints. 
http://youtu.be/1k4fYIUuAP8
Good, fuck 'em.
No the cops and the CA/DA are not upset...everybody gets paid the same regardless. 

If the jury's want to let people go: fine.  Meanwhile, people will still go to jail and overtime will be paid. 
All this talk is missing one important notion: it also depends on the person, not just the drug taken. I have driven high I'd say....about a million times. Never felt uneasy. Never felt like I should pull over. But that's me. I have spoken with plenty of people who wouldn't trust themselves with scissors while high. To each their own and if you can't drive high😨....then don't!
The problem with this system, it doesn't for hours.
I want to take risks.
I lived in Corado for decades, and at some point I realized they wanted me dead.

It's just like the Hunger Games... it's the same thing.
But in a lot of cases, not enough to cause an issue on the road. Have you really ever heard of a crash caused by someone being high? Oh darn, maybe they drive a little slow, and they stop all the way at stop signs. I'm not saying it shouldn't be illegal, but a more fair limit should be considered I think.
And why should anyone be surprised? You really think our congressman give half a damn about these people serving them? Just like they pretend that they aren't bribed by the banks and big corporations, they can pretend that there's nothing they can do for them. You would think that the "leaders" of our country would want to help the American people, when in reality they just want to help the wealthy instead of the hard-working middle/lower class. 
But if we pay $15 for service jobs too many people will have more money, there might need to be more companies starting up and established companies hiring more employees to handle the extra customers, and there will be too much tax revenue coming in from the increase of wages and less people needing public assistance, and we would probably have to start paying off our national debt with the surplus. Could be a disaster.
Just want to point out that while I'm generally supportive of a high minimum wage:

&gt;A key demand will be a minimum wage of $15 an hour, Holbrook says. Washington is an increasingly expensive place to live, he explains, and the Senate schedule of frequent vacations and days off means that many Senate dining room workers struggle to get enough hours to earn a living wage.

With the guy skipping meals and not making rent making $13 bucks an hour dare I speculate the real problem specific to here is not enough hours (and/or salaried pay) which raising your pay rate would not necessarily make up for.
Forgive my ignorance, but why exactly do these people need *permission* to start a union? Couldn't they just like, start one?
This is also a security issue. While many of the workers are not in offices or have access to important documents or whatever, they are still in the building and, I'm assuming, have some kind of access to officials. What is stopping these workers, that are desperate for money, from going to someone with bad intentions that is willing to pay better? It seems like ignoring the complaints and grievances of people that make your food probably isn't the smartest thing to do. 
Senators make 5 figure wages and have a median net worth of several million dollars.

I bet they can afford to raise the prices to pay their workers a living wage.

EDIT: senators make at least 6 figures, not bad for a part-time job.
it's got to suck to have to serve people meals when hungry, and can't eat. 
[deleted]
Talk about your society in microcosm!
Let's also take a moment to realize that many of those workers live in Washington DC and don't have a voting congressperson in either the Senate or the House. 'Bout time that changes, too.
All government institutions should have government workers. 
Well, I don't think the senators, themselves set the wages for the people in the Senate dining room workers struggle to get enough hours to earn a living wage.
The joy of privatization and profitization of tax money, the workers starve the special few get fat profits from tax money.  

Guaranteed profits and no investment beyond buying the right legislators.
But that would be practical..
There's no room for that in centers of The US Government. 
Who really needs more than one meal a day? 
Politicians should lead by example and start living on minimum wage to show us how it's done.
I like to think that the Senators know this, and feel that having starving, poor people serve them food, makes that food all the more tasty.  
If they could eat said food in front of the hungry, poor person, while that person was crying, I think they would not only maintain unbroken eye contact, they would actually get an erection from the whole situation.  Even the women.  
How about the kitchen staff run the House for a day, and vice versa? 

Never underpay people that with a dose of laxatives can disrupt our entire legislative system.
Marijuana
And more windex as well!
I take it all of these workers are just teenagers learning how jobs work, right?
I wish them luck, they're gonna need it. They'll get no love from the GOP on this.
Servants who provide luxury often find themselves going home to poverty.
I bartend events now and then. Had a group of judges, kept overhearing conversations like "oh I've already raised 3mil for my reelection " and so on. Worst tippers of any party I have ever worked. Even worse than the realtors group. They have no clue what it's like for most people to get by. None. 


Trickle down my ass. 
I fail to see how it makes us stronger as a nation to have full time workers living in poverty. Or citizens who can't get reasonable medical or dental care. Is this the best we can do? Really? 
America now is only about how much you can screw your fellow citizens and get away with it.
What do the workers want the Senators to do? Why not just vote to unionize? Why get the Senate involved at all?
The last time I had 3 meals in a day was before I got my first full-time job. 
I often have to skip meals too. But I'm just a college student.
Well dang I don't know how. They charged me $15 for a slice of pizza when I ate there.
Fire them. There are plenty of illegal aliens that will do those jobs for half the pay reducing government spending.
Its like the plot to House of Cards.
Because they work in the next 5 to 10 years.
Her husband is a silver bullet for America.
It's not even subtle enough to be a metaphor. It just is what it is. 
I like to think that the minimum wage to $15 would have been crushed the same way it is a significant raise $2/h is $16/day.
Go figure, they fuck over everyone.
Go them, if they want to unionize, I'm all for it.  15$ an hour minimum wage is a huge improvement from what they're probably making.  
It seems like ignoring the complaints and grievances of people to decide where to spend money.
Typical America
It's like our country was built on slavery and still does!
Of course is there jobs that will prevent a movement that large from happening that quickly.
Sounds like it's time to turn over the dining room staff. 
$13/hr in DC, minus taxes so that's maybe 9 or 10/hr? $1400/month, exactly how far away would you have to live to find something you could afford (if that's even possible) and still have money for food? And then deal with an hours long commute. 
Unite Here 👍🏽
A better option would be for the workers to be given the Senate Dining Room and allow them to operate it, owning it collectively, and sharing the profits.  No, not sharing the profits equally, but distributing the profits on a scale that all the members can agree to.  
As a new resident in DC I believe it. Rent is so tough here compared to where I'm from
In the bowels of an exceptional democracy you can hear stomachs growling ...
Give them $15 an hour and they'll quiet
okay, the rich entitled senators don't care about the bootstrap workers, if you are surprised you should pay more attention
So? Get a better job.
Our political elites know that food tastes better when it's created and served by those with no hope of a future.

Crushed souls are finest seasoning known.
Organise, organise, organise. - Eugene V. Debs
France has some 60% of their population affected by minimum wage of $15 an hour, Holbrook says.
i wish the worst part of my job was skipping meals
BTW, I don't think you are stupid or not a nice person. I just think you are incredibly ill informed. You have absorbed all the "common knowledge" of the last 40 plus years of gop bullshit. 
Hmmm.  Fight Club the book is what I would reference here.  You don't fuck with people who make or bring you the food.
Murica - the richest country with the most poor people.

it starts bordering on third world conditions...
I really don't understand this. If it is so bad why don't they quit?  I have have had really bad jobs, I just find a new one then quit. We are at 5% unemployment, which means there are a lot of jobs?  Employers pay what the market will bare. If they can get employees for free, then they will pay nothing. If people quit in droves and they only get the almost unemployable, then they will pay more. If they can buy a chimp or a robot to do the job that has an favorable ROI they will. 

I don't make the rule, this is just the way things are. If people really cared they would riot in the streets destroying every thing that is made in China and India where people work for penny's on the dollars. 

Get another job dumbass
Hey, you don't like the job or the pay, you move on to another better job, right? Isn't Obama's economy just brimming with great high paying jobs? That's what they keep telling me!!!!
so dont work there?
Next you'll tell me people who work labor should be paid salary wages since they're essentially on-demand cooks.
Why is $15 the magic number? And why won't it become the new $7.25?
When I lived in DC 10 plus years ago you couldn't even get a studio
 that wasn't full of bullet holes and crack pipe burns for under $12o0 a month.
It should not be assumed that if you work in government that you are making an above average paycheck. It is often the exact opposite and therefore those that work in the services class of the government have two or three jobs to help make ends meet. Question: If you are making the same amount of money in the government as you are at McDonald's is the system flawed or are these types of jobs meant to be moved on from as you complete your education and move onto a better higher paying job?
"The right to unionize"

...why can't people just form one?
I can read 60$ per hour!
con•gress Yeah those fuckers is why. 



Pronunciation: (
—n.kong'gris;
—v.kun-gres', kung-), [key]
—n. 
1. (cap.) 
a. the national legislative body of the U.S., consisting of the Senate, or upper house, and the House of Representatives, or lower house, as a continuous institution. 
b. this body as it exists for a period of two years during which it has the same membership: the 96th Congress. 
c. a session of this body: to speak in Congress. 
2. the national legislative body of a nation, esp. of a republic. 
3. a formal meeting or assembly of representatives for the discussion, arrangement, or promotion of some matter of common interest. 
4. the act of coming together; an encounter; meeting. 
5. an association, esp. one composed of representatives of various organizations. 
6. familiar relations; dealings; intercourse. 
7. coitus; sexual intercourse. 
8. A large group of baboons! 
I too often skip meals, but it's because I'm a poor college student.
god reddit blows
Valid claim, but should be separated from a minimum wage argument.  Prevalent wages with valid compensation survey data should be referenced.

This is a sloppy argument.

source:  Compensation management, 80%+ of our labor is represented by a bargaining unit.
I skipped meals all the time because I wanted to get people up and running on their pcs at work instead of having them lose precious time. It comes with the job you do, and how responsible you are at doing it. Ofcourse its nice to put the world on hold to go and have lunch, they could have said no and then been fired, because there will always be someone who is ok with doing the job the way it should be done. You don't like it, go find another job. This is why I always see construction workers doing nothing and all being "on the job" because of these unions. 
Plot Twist: Union dues take portion of increased wage. Someone's gotta pay for Bernie's campaign. 
Why Do You Capitalize Every Single Letter In A Sentence?
Why won't the democrats do anything about this? Or are they just politicians and don't really give a shit about you except for the year leading up to elections. 
I work fine dining, weddings, ect. I go 12-15 hours a day without eating sometimes. Just how it is some places.
People skip meals all the time for work.  Big deal.  
Just get a job that pays more. Don't lay your lack of initiative or laziness on my back!
Not that I disagree about their wages being bullshit but skip meals? Come the fuck on I can easily eat for $10 a week at Walmart.

This week for example my breakfast and lunch for the entire week is a box of cereal and and package of hot dogs and those hot dogs usually last 2 weeks.
So now we're lumping in Senate dining room employees who make $13/hr with McDonald's workers making $7.25. Gotcha. Those poor people!
IS someone forcing these people to work at the senate dining room?  If they don't like their job, just get a new job. 
They sure as hell are not living in poverty.

There are about 3,100 counties in the USA.  5 of the top 6 richest counties in the country surround Washington, DC.
Give me, give me, give me
[Let Elizabeth Warren tell you why that's bullshit.](https://vimeo.com/145278971)
VERY relevant. I can't actually believe how realistic this is https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rm3d43HLyTI
Watch her reaction when she got called out live by someone on Twitter: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y7Ciy2tK494
I'm a woman and I find this 9/11.
that was like a bad yugioh episode. "looks like my **woman card** isn't strong enough to win on it's own, so I play my **9/11 card** in *attack mode*!"
I wish Sanders or O'Malley mentioned this vote from Hillary as an example of the influence money had on her.

Explained by Elizabeth Warren
https://vimeo.com/105062617
Finally, Bernie Sanders, or anyone for that matter,  hit her on her super pacs and campaign contributions. And this was her answer? 

1. The 9/11 mention was a sickening dodge. Right Hillary, Wall Street contributes to you and your super pacs millions of dollars because you helped during 9/11...

2. Women have been oppressed, treated like second class citizens and worse for thousands of years. Now, in this tiny sliver of time in our existence as a civilization, we've
 gotten our shit together enough where women finally got their moment to shove their foot in that door and make strides. Strides toward equal rights and judgement based on merit, not gender. And here comes Hillary Clinton using the gender card like it's Magic the fucking Gathering. If that's not an insult to the struggle of feminism over the years I don't know what is.



man i keep forgetting what gender hillary is i wish she'd remind me more
She should be ashamed of herself. Backed into a corner about the Wall St finance of her campaign, and she invokes 9/11. Pathetic, and completely disrespectful to the victims of that event. 
That shit is "Weak Tea" 
In my opinion, in a Democratic debate that got surprisingly heated, Hilary playing the 9/11 was the lowest moment.

Invoking 9/11 reeks of desperation. 
And she doubled down on it! How crazy is that. Just amazing.

Props to CBS tho, actually using Twitter questions for a follow-up, instead of asking a question they wanted to ask anyway.
&gt;Fuck outta here with that weak ass tea

-Martin O'Malley
It's funny because the title to this post seems exaggerated, but it is basically exactly what she said.
&gt;"We were attacked in downtown Manhattan where Wall Street is."

That was so... weak.
She brought up 9/11 out of nowhere. Absolutely disrespectful and uncalled for. 
Watch Clinton become Chris Christie live on CBS!
*Spits out tea*

This shit is weak. 
"I appreciate your question, but let me instead go onto my rehearsed speech about something completely different."
I'm not from America, but I've been avidly following the campaign, Bernie Sanders seems like the most level headed, least egocentric, least money hungry option there is. I really don't understand how some of these candidates make it this far, but money talks is seems, I mean it talks without a doubt. I live in Australia, so we have our fair share of political nonsense (current government for example).
It's just that whoever is in power in America, affects more than just America/Americans, so it does make me think about the future of world politics when one of the world powers election race's is mostly full of complete idiots.
I watched that live . It was so obvious she was pandering bringing up how she helped rebuild New York after 9-11. 

All I was thinking is wtf does that have to do with you taking Wall Street money? The people eat that shit up when you bring up 9-11 tho..
Are we taking bets on when she backtracks this comment yet? What's the over/under?
I feel bad for women
She sounded like Chris Christie.  He gets asked a questions and it's "blah blah, I WAS THERE FOR 9/11, blah."
CBS and Twitter called that shit out like Michael Jordan and Lebron James at the dunkaroni board smashing pot shots by baby men.
/r/nottheonion
This right here is a shining example of why I vote Sanders over Clinton. 
The debate needs to be Sanders v. O'Malley - Clinton is a fucking disgrace 
I really hope her response is used to poke fun at her campaign, and I hope it's shown to be an idiotic response to all the people in the crowd who cheered merely because she mentioned women.   
So she was referencing that she basically did a good deed and made friends personally. Wall St. people became friends with her and donated because they liked her.

Pathetic response. It's your duty to provide for the well being of your state. What happened on 9/11 was terrible. Trying to say, 'hey look, people saw me do good things and liked me' is a terrible justification of her ties to Wall St and such large donations. 

Like any good-hearted individual you helped out victims from a terrible disaster. But never justify making friends and getting lots of money because of that.
[She also lied about the majority of her donations being small amounts.](http://images.mic.com/rk2bcf5howje0opjq4axmgwlsbie1tn3g0ojhnycscoylbj7lu3amdh6uywu7lpu.jpg)
This is a fantastic article. Almost all of it is just a transcript, yet it tells the story *so well.*
I'm beyond disgusted with Clinton's use of her sex as an explanation in these debates, and how many women seem to be cool with it. "Lol by the way, have I mentioned that I'm a woman?" (Cue thunderous applause and screaming from the women in the audience.) Like really? Are we going to be that dumb and easily misled, ladies? It's fine if you want to vote for Clinton, but her uterus is not going to make her an effective president. Don't make her biggest applause points for the night be when she mentions her sex. 

Or when she mentions 9/11. I said after the first debate that Clinton's nonsensical patriotism remarks wouldn't be out of place in the Republican debate then, and these 9/11 remarks of hers are the same for this second one. They're low substance, almost buzzwordy reaction grabbers that deflect the actual question, nothing more. 
that was such an uncomfortable moment to listen to 
9 ......................... 11
Chris Christie would be proud.

I'm glad that they showed a tweet calling her out on it, as it was such a non-answer. If there is anything that needs to be brought up again on her campaign trail, it's this.
Lol she is the worst.
What in the actual fuck?
This is the exact title Hillary deserves.  9/11 is not an acceptable answer to campaign finance questions...  Ever.
Hillary, you're not a Republican, invoking 9/11 isn't an automatic bonus mode multiplier for the rest of your answer.
Watching that felt a tiny bit bizarre tbh. Not sure what 60% female donors, nor 9/11, have to do with the conflict of interest which stems from receiving millions in campaign donations. I think this is why so many Bernie supporters dislike Hillary so much. She might promise big things (e.g CHANGE) but how many people really trust her to fulfill her policy stances...  
She is stealing from Family guy :

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=PYtbWWmtVYM
The more I see of Hillary, the less I want to see of her in the future.
How low can Hillary go? Well, low enough to even praise George W. Bush.
Im just glad that everyone is agreeing that this response is laughable and almost satirical. 
Completely disgraceful. Anyone but Hillary '16.
I swear this is an Onion headline
Glad I wasn't the only one that was kind of confused there. 
Why does anyone like her to be president? She is as empty as just about any Republican candidate. People may have rushed at the opportunity to vote in the first black president in 2008, but Obama was also very charismatic and ran his campaign really well. I really don't know what's going for Hillary besides her last name and gender. It always feels like she's completely out of touch with the American people, much in the same way Romney was and everyone made fun of him for that.
And here I was, thinking she couldn't possibly come up with a worse answer than *I went to Wall Street and told them "Guys, cut it out"*
She should have just said "look I have a lot of relationships with Wall Street folks being a senator of New York. They may not agree with me but they respect me. They donate to my campaign, sure, but so do small donors and I'm proud to say a lot of women. Is that a bad thing? I don't think so. I will make decisions in Washington not for special interest but for the good of the people."

And then drop her mic and walk backwards with one arm up in the air. 

Then return to the mic because the debate isn't over. 
Damn I read this title and thought I was in subreddit stimulator or something
My mom was like, "So?"
For the Fox News crowd, none of what was said tonight will matter. Tomorrow they'll be all "Ben Gozzy" and "Socccccialist" like regardless.
Serious question - these donors are the companies themselves? Individuals donating the max $2500 or less?
And she's still going to win the nomination
it looks like the unplugged americans are so protective of their freedoms that they shun the idea of socialism in all respects, but they refuse to look at the rest of the planet and see that some socialist systems can be put in to place and create a better country for all. They're afraid bernie is going to (lol) make things worse somehow? But those who see how deep the shit america is standing in ought to see that maybe it's time for radical action in america. Its an uprising of sorts but it's the only way an uprising could ever take place in the US
I'm sure I wasn't the only one who thought about [this clip](https://youtu.be/Rm3d43HLyTI?t=1m15s) when she said that
And then when confronted with a tweet about her deflecting the question. She does it AGAIN! 
Hillary's son-in-law is a hedge fund manager on wall street.  Are people not aware of this?  Really?
And not because its money. Gotcha.
Goddamn did Hillary just pull a Lois Griffin?
Man... im not huge into politics but Bernie Sanders is the shit as far as I'm concerned.
"Yes I take millions from Wallstreet, but 9/11.. also vagina" - Hillary Clinton
 If you ever wondered how the Clinton's could amass a fortune of nearly $100 million on public salaries without ever starting a "for profit" business, then read on. It probably explains the need for Hillary's private email server and 30,000 missing "private" emails.
And to think we are ready to put these two criminals in charge of the entire US!
The Clinton Foundation is an giant international money laundering scheme.
It may eventually prove to be the largest political criminal enterprise in U.S. history.
This is a textbook case on how you hide foreign money sent to you and repackage it to be used for your own purposes. All tax free. 

       Here's how it works:
1. You create a separate foreign "charity." In this case one in Canada.
2. Foreign oligarchs and governments, then donate to this Canadian charity. In this case, over 1,000 did -- contributing millions. I'm sure they did this out of the goodness of their hearts, and expected nothing in return. (Imagine Putin's buddies waking up one morning and just deciding to send untold millions to a Canadian charity).
3. The Canadian charity then bundles these separate donations and makes a single massive donation to the Clinton Foundation.
4. The Clinton Foundation and the cooperating Canadian charity claim Canadian law prohibits the identification of individual donors.
5. The Clinton Foundation then "spends" some of this money for legitimate good works programs. Unfortunately, experts believe this is on the order of 10%. Much of the balance goes to enrich the Clinton's, pay salaries To untold numbers of hangers on, etc. Again, virtually all tax free, which means you and I are subsidizing it.
6. The Clinton Foundation, with access to the world's best accountants, somehow fails to report much of this on their tax filings. They discover these "clerical errors" and begin the process of re-filing 5 years of tax returns.
7. Net result -- foreign money, much of it from other countries, goes into the Clinton's pockets tax free and untraceable back to the original donor. This is the textbook definition of money laundering.
The Canadian "charity" includes as a principal one Frank Giustra. Google him. He is the guy who was central to the formation of Uranium One, the Canadian company that somehow acquired massive U.S. uranium interests and then sold them to an organization controlled by Russia. This transaction required U.S. State Department approval, and guess who was Secretary of State when the approval was granted?
She used promotions from significant people to increase her credibility was too much tonight. It's all lies from her. Shocker she played the women card too.
She thinks we're stupid.  
Missed the debate... how'd Bernie do?
So we're voting for sanders then yeah?
If it comes down to Clinton and Trump, I'm voting 3rd party or not at all. Fuck those worthless losers.
She really lost me with that. 
She is just a total slob. Unforgivable.
I like how she came back from that, much better than Rhonda Rousey did. 
God, will O'Malley or Sanders please beat her. I really cannot stand the thought of having to support her through the general election, only to watch her get her ass kicked by Trump or Carson or Cruz because she has zero ability to inspire lazy liberals to turn out and vote.
This fucking woman, she is cancer. I can't believe I wanted her to win at one point.
Essentially lt's just change the subject because I can't deal with that question without outright lying. So I will talk about something completely irrelevant in a pathetic attempt to sidetrack that question. 

The reality is she, like many other politicians is owned by Wall street. Bought and paid for. 
I don't think she can win a presidential election. Too many people of all stripes hate her. 
Shillary is shameless.

Feel the Bern!
She's starting to sound like Rudy Giuliani.
This is disgusting. These kinds of "slip ups" really do show what politicians truly care about 
As she was giving this answer, I started screaming "Shut up! Shut up!" much to the annoyance of my wife.
Trump isn't taking anyone's money besides small donors. Only because it's kind of insulting to send someones 7 dollars back to them.
Here's how it works

Money goes in, favors go out, the people lose
Yes, because it's just a coincidence that most Wall Street donations are to her, you know, because they all value her character and care nothing about what she'd do as president.
I'm so confused how she acknowledges receiving millions from the Wall Street banks and then argues she is going to go after all of the Wall Street banks. Of course this money is influencing her. 
Beyond the Sander's echo chamber (which is a real thing on reddit), does this effect anything? Is this a major enough gaff to effect polls?
Interesting.  Went to sleep last night and this thread was at close to 6000 upvotes, and rising at the rate of several points a minute.  Wake up this morning and it's at 5,193 upvotes.   Just sayin'
I really don't like Clinton, and I won't be voting for her (nothing short of a gun to my head will make me vote for her), but I just can't stand when headlines are so obviously, and partisan-ly simplified like this. It serves us nothing to sound as stupid as fox news, and that's what the language of this headline indicates. 
Misleading title. She never said it's ok because of women or 9/11. She said he majority of her donors were not wallstreet and she was proud that most of them were women, which is a very different thing. The 9/11 reference? She said she helped rebuild wall street after 9/11 thus they were her sponsors. Whether that's true or a convenient political lie is another question but it makes this headline misleading, disingenuous and clickbait.

&gt;You know, not only do I have hundreds of thousands of donors, most of them small, and I'm very proud that for the first time a majority of my donors are women, 60%. [Cheers and applause.] So I— I represented New York, and I represented New York on 9/11 when we were attacked. Where were we attacked? We were attacked in downtown Manhattan where Wall Street is. I did spend a whole lot of time and effort helping them rebuild

Vote for Sanders -but don't do it because of a bullshit headline.
I actually thought the tweet calling her out saved her; the original answer was pure garbage but her answer to being called out gave it decent context.
what the hell...
I think she's a smart woman, but I really don't care for the way she is portraying herself. She needs to just be herself and embrace it. Instead, she seems to be trying to appeal to everyone and she is coming off as totally fake (to me at least). This is especially problematic because Bernie Sanders is so apologetically himself; she looks like even more of a stock politician next to him.  
I think it's impressive that CBS used a tweet actually responding to something a candidate said during the current debate, rather than choosing the question hours before the debate.
She claims to fight for equality...yet she draws the gender card. Next we're going to find out she has a Tumblr account.
I'm SHOCKED at how little coverage this had in the debate discussions on cnn, Fox and msnbc. 
Hillary Giuliani. 
That was basically the Lois Griffon debate technique.
I think that she's saying the 9/11 attack hit a lot of those on Wall St who are now her donors.  They are her donors because of her assistance with the rebuild and all of her support after 9/11.  I believe that's her message.

Personally, I think she's clearly capitalizing on the emotions surrounding 9/11, and I wish she were called out for it.  It's bizarre for her to say she receives Wall St donations because of 9/11.  I wonder who she has accepted donations from and how many of them were ACTUALLY involved with 9/11. I'm going to guess, not as many as she would like us to think there are.

I've never been a Hillary fan.  I think this kind of posturing is distasteful.  I feel it's particularly distasteful after the events last evening in France.  
Most people are stupid. They won't vote based on the issues, they will vote on what the media feeds them. People naturally want to vote with the crowd and if the media is saying Clinton is polling ahead and Sanders is too radical, then people believe if they don't vote for the likely winner, they are just wasting a vote, or they just don't vote at all. All people need to get out and vote and vote for the candidate that best represents their main issues and who they align with. The problem is no one does that which is one reason our system is so broken to begin with. Those who control the media and people's access to information are those who win out time and time again. 
How far do I need to scroll down to get past dumb jokes and family guy references to some actual commentary on this? Jesus. r/politics or r/flippantdickheads
Here comes the downvoted devil's advocate comment in a Sanders circle jerk.  

Was I the only one who read the transcript and got what she was saying in a normal context?  Is she not essentially saying, "it's not surprising Wall Street is donating to my campaign, because I represented them."  It just so happened that she represented them during 9/11, when their workplace was in danger.  

Trust me, I'm not saying she's the best candidate up there.  I just think the Sanders supporters in here are jumping on this like the GOP jumped on Benghazi.  
It's slipping away, faster and faster...and she *knows* it. She and her campaign try to adopt (and co-opt) the messaging of her primary rival - who draws the largest crowds of ANY candidate - and it all...just...fails. Why? Go back in time and see/read some of the evasive, 'spin', non-reply, used-car-salesman politi-speak she drops for "answers" to questions on policy and all will be revealed.

Sure, she learned to 'run with the big boys' in Washington...but the thing is, she got in bed with the *wrong* boys and now she doesn't know how to get out. LOL When your campaign runs on a last name, high dollar PACs and 'damage control'...you're basically running as a Bush.
And, sadly, the "I'm a woman! Vote Vagina 2016!" is probably going to carry her all the way to the White House. People are morons.
inb4 Hillary calls for a safe space for Wall Street
I would literally vote for Donald Trump before her.
It's astounding that this is the person liberals defend as their champion of progressivism, while at the same time decrying sanders. 
While I don't think that Hillary's response is adequate to allay fears of Wall Street influence, I don't think the replies in this thread are giving it the credit it deserves.

A lot of large political donations might be efforts to buy influence, but nobody who donates $10 to a candidate does so expecting the candidate to adjust their priorities.  What are they for, then?  They want the candidate to be elected.  Sometimes it's because they like their policies, or their views on specific issues, sometimes they trust their judgement or think they will do a good job even when they disagree with their policies. But for one reason or another, they like the candidate. So not all politics is transactional, and it's concievable that even large donors may make donations for the same reasons as small donors (even if there are many examples where this isn't the case).

The argument, then, is that Hillary represented Wall Street during 9/11, a more trying time than most, and that she gained the respect and support of influential people with large sums of money in the process.  9/11 is important in this context because if nothing special had happened during her tenure as the senator from NY, she would not have had the opportunity to earn their loyalty except through the usual transactional means.

So the argument is that her Wall Street backers support her for her, and not for what they expect her to do for them precisely because she had the opportunity to forge deep relationships, which only really happened because of 9/11.  Is the argument true?  I think that for some of her big backers it very well might be. Granted, they probably wouldn't support her if she was openly hostile to their interests, but if they were otherwise neutral to her policies, they could easily want to help her get to the white house.  They might even feel like they owe her for her service.

Are most of her big donors like this?  I highly doubt it.  But the argument isn't so absurd that it beggars credulity?  I don't think so. I don't think it is shameless, just a little tacky.
It was clearly a weak answer, but she clarified it in the follow up. What she intended to say was that she was a well liked Senator in NYC, in part because her response to 911 and so many Wall Street people donated to her even though they didn't agree with her on everything. People can dislike Hillary, but it's hard to understand how people could not see that was the point of her response.
ITT: redditors for whom the title of this click bait article was designed. 

Clinton's comments about her donor base weren't bullshit at all. First off, if Sanders can brag about how his donors are mostly from people giving "30 bucks", then it's fair for Clinton to highlight that 60% of her donors are women. The female vote is crucial in a general election, so it's a perfectly legitimate fact for her to highlight. 

Now, onto the 9/11 comment. She was essentially being asked why big businesses and banks contribute so heavily to her campaign. She explained, correctly, that New York was attacked on 9/11. The markets closed after the terrorist attack, and the city needed their Senator to stand with them and help them rebuild so that business could get back to normal.  Clinton was a very strong advocate for getting federal resources to New York after 9/11, and she did a good job on that, so it only follows that NYC-based businesses in general contributed to her campaigns, financial services companies included.

Bernie Sanders even said she was right and that he appreciates what she did for New York after 9/11.

Of course, I fully expect Clinton's political opponents to manipulate the electorate by taking her comment out of context and saying she blames 9/11 for her taking campaign contributions from banks. Any objective observer of tonight's debate, however, will see through that strategy.

Honestly, whoever wrote this article at Slate knew from the moment that Clinton said the phrase 9/11 that he could capitalize on the reddit anti-Clinton, Sanders Brigade circle jerk to get an article to the top of /r/politics and /r/all, which translates into hundreds of thousands of page views and a ton of ad revenue -- thanks, ironically, to a reddit user base that always claims to be against corporations manipulating people for profit. This is the ultimate troll.

Edit: Thanks for the gold, /u/somethingratherother and /u/dzendian. I know it won't save me from endless downvotes, but I sincerely appreciate it anyway. 

Edit 2: What did I tell you? Top of /r/all, and in under two hours no less. Congratulations, reddit: we did it!
She's a pawn. 
Seriously, with the GOP clown car's antics combined with this, I'm starting to believe real life is turning into some sort of weird parody of itself. Hilariously horrible.
Rudy Giuliani shed a tear tonight.
I'm sorry to burst peoples bubble but the last paragraph of the article clears up her argument.  She clearly states that she invoked 9/11 due to the fact that this tragedy started her relations with wall street.  These relations stemmed from her trying to help a city recover from one of the most devastating terrorist attacks in the United States and even though people on wall street didn't like her political views, they saw her tenacity and willingness to help those and to make sure that the country recovers in a stronger fashion.  This lead them to believe in her and donate money to her campaigns.  End of story.

P.S.  I will not be voting for Hillary, I just don't understand how something like this gets so blown out of proportion.  If she hadn't cleared it up, then yes, that was a messed up statement, but she does clear it up and gives the viewers the answer she meant to get across in the first place

Edit: Also this post has a very misleading title and show's extreme bias

INTEGRITY!? What integrity? She warps her position on issues as often as she changes her pants suit. 

Bernie is the one with integrity. He's been leading the way by signing the same song for 40+ years. Hillary is a day late and dollar short at every turn of history. Iraq? Woops. Patriot Act? Woops. TPP? Woops. LGBT rights? Woops.

 
We should upvote the crap out of this and get it focused on.
What's that smell, is something berning? ; )
Hillary could claim she did 9/11 and still get 45% of the vote.
Just finished watching the CBS Dem debate that this is from and I was completely appalled at what she said. I'm glad they put up that Twitter question of the person who absolutely nailed her on it. 
I thought this was pretty disgusting as a new yorker, I'd have considered voting for her previously, but she's completely lost me with that garbage. 
I think I liked /r/politics better when when the Sanders Shills stuck with to spamming us with 10,000 submissions per hour.  This passive-aggressive bullshit they're doing now is about a billion times more annoying.
9/11 has the amazing ability to make other bad things good.  
bought and paid for.
Back in 2008, I thought she was cool. Now, she disgusts me. She has no soul. 
She'd make a great republican.
The truth is she gets donations because she support policies that favor Wall St. 

But if she said that on T.V. her campaign would be over
#feelthebern
What bullshit. The fact that she's a woman means absolutely NOTHING in this race. It does not affect her in any way. She should stop pandering and spreading lies.
Someone get larry wilmore to throw some weak tea
This bitch should be in prison.
I did not catch the debate, and saw this. I thought it was Sanders supporters circlejerking Clinton. Boy am I surprised after doing a bit of research. I'm glad twitter called her out on it. My WOW, She pulled 9/11 card for some claps and to diffuse a difficult topic. 9/11 is completely irrelevant in responding to that question. Is she suggesting that she still gets campaign contributions from Wall Street because she helped rebuild after 9/11, which was almost 14 years ago, as debt of gratitude? If that is true, these Wall Street CEO's seem like really nice people, the kind of people who throw millions of dollars at a candidate out of the goodness of their hearts, and because "they like her". Bless'em.
I despise Donald Trump.  When all I knew about him was that he was a rich guy who did real estate, and I saw him selling out for his big new yorker pizza from pizza hut I hated him.  How greedy can this asshole be?  All I knew about him.  Later he got a TV show, and I found out what a failed businessman he was, and had idiotic views.

And if it comes to him or Hillary, I'll vote for him.  At least he stands for something, even if I disagree.  Hillary is a liar and a phony through and through.
That's pretty much her only campaign line.

"I'm a woman, vote for me! Did I mention in a women?" Sadly she'll probably win.
It's a bad reflection on our society when someone can get so much support based on the fact that she is a woman solely. 
She's a mess. 
If she can justify this in her campaign, then what would she justify as president?
Maybe I'm the master of spin here but I took her message as.

"Yeah but I also get a lot of other donors too (humble brag, including women), but I got a lot of money from Wall Street because I spent a lot of time there after 9/11.  People were appreciative of that."

So she is trying to say they donate to me not because of they want to lobby me, but because it was to show appreciation of w/e work I did for NYC after 9/11.  Not a strong defense, but able to come up with that to justify Wall Street money is pretty genius.

I'm no shill, we are just pals.
I saw Clinton say that and I was astonished. That's a comment I'm sure will haunt her for the rest of her days.
Well it's an old politician's trick to ramble about anything other than the truth to a tough question.  She doesn't do it skillfully.
Said it from the get go. How is it possible to not see her blatantly sticking her hands into the pockets of the people she's supposed to bring down? People brag about how much weight and pull she has; but from who? Pharmaceutical lobbyists, banking lobbyists, War Hawks... 

[Democrat Hillary Clinton](http://www.batteredsheep.com/graphics/wolf-in-sheep.jpg)
I've decided to donate to Bernie because of this.
With this mindset, Hillary is winning over the women who think that having a women in a what is seen as a powerful position will give them power over men. As for the 9/11, she is winning over those bumfucks who can't stop thinking about how America has the right to strap on its huge dildo and flop it around in the middle east. 
Can't hardly believe that people are going to vote for this troll... other than Wall Street bankers.
It's a great answer if you don't think about too hard. I imagine many of her supporters won't think about it too hard.
She's never had integrity, I dunno how/why anyone thinks that will change now.
If this doesn't make it clear that people should be supporting Sanders instead of Hillary to be the Democratic nominee, then I don't know what will. Hillary supporters, *come on guys*. Are you really going to vote for her in the primary after hearing this?
christ, stop it with the vagina card, Clinton.  
Oh, but she's a white woman's hero. We all know women in the US are oppressed and she's the fighter they (white women) need to fight patriarchy, duh.

It doesn't matter how manipulative or crooked she is, all that matters is that a woman is elected. Because social issues *are* the most important, right?
When does Rudy crawl out of his rat hole screaming copyright infringement?
Yeah, /r/politics is going to shit itself over this answer, but it was a solid one. 

Clinton's campaign is a generational event that has attracted a huge amount of donors who are women, and a year from now she will win the women's vote. That's a selling point, and she should repeat it often when the issue of donations comes up. 

As for the Wall Street donations, her answer was tonally correct no matter how much this place won't acknowledge it. As a senator, she brought in funding to rebuild New York, and she made lasting contacts with the economic heart of her state. I don't give a solitary fuck about her Wall Street donations so long as she supports the estate tax, the Buffett Tax (or something equivalent), and strong regulatory legislation. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ovhQGQuTfA
Her face in the photo is so like, "What? WHAT?"
this is really r/nottheonion worthy
At first, I was just shocked when she said that, and then I got really sad.  I heard everything she said after that but it was an echo in my head while I tried to process how someone could be that cold.  Am I on a list now?  (hey Bill, high five and nothing against your wife but she's not presidential material).
I interpreted it as Hillary explaining why New Yorkers, including folks from Wall Street, support her.

The donation figures aren't from the organizations but from members of the organizations.  Certainly there can be fraud related to campaign finance, but I don't think Hillary is 'owned' by Wall Street any more than Bernie is owned by labor unions.
who are the people voting for hilary? Why is it everyone I know doesn't trust her.
She was the U.S. senator from New York in 2001. For those of you who may not be old enough to to remember, 9/11 occurred in 2001, and feelings were running high then especially in New York. So maybe that is why people were much more pro-America then. We had just been attacked by terrorists. Nowadays it is "cool" to hate our country, our government, and our political system. Hating America then would be like hating France now. Political ideologies  change rapidly. It's kind of hard to explain what it was like to those who were not there and don't remember it. 
Hillary is another bush/obama. We need real change not the lies they promise and then do whatever the lobbyists say. I head npr the other day saying, well obama promised alot but thats just campaign rhetoric not what he'll do. Like wtf, its ok to lie everyone expects it. 
I wish we had 3 women and 3 men to choose from. Fuck all these women I hear wanting to vote for her with minimal knowledge of politics. Sexist pigs in my eyes. I understand the need for change but fucking policies people. 
  And that was the moment Hillary's bid for the 2016 presidency came to an end.

In the wake of the terror attacks around the globe to try to invoke 9/11 to justify Wall Street donations was a fool's errand.
*I was there on 9/11, so It's okay if they're bank rolling my campaign. Also, most of my donors are women (but not by dollar amount)...*

She can't hide behind 9/11 and her gender forever. If Bernie keeps bringing up her ties to Wall Street I don't see how she can sustain a defense.
You know, I've never not voted democratic in a federal election. I never thought I would find an occasion where I wouldn't vote democratic in a federal election. That said, I just can't trust Hillary anymore. I won't be able to vote for her and still respect myself. 
how the fuck are those things remotely related, hillary?

that's like saying "oh, it's ok to take lobbyist money because im a girl."

HOW IS THAT RELEVANT?  the issue is corruption, or being bought by donor money.


Sanders questioned the motivation Hillary's wall street donors. It's almost shocking how suddenly she became a victim. "He's basically used his answer to impugn my integrity."

The integrity of Hillary Clinton is considered questioned when the motivations for donations from wealthy voting blocs are examined. All Sanders had to do... was rule out the possibility that they're fools. Let's say they're not fools. SUDDENLY Hillary is a victim.

She's a victim because Sanders said "Let's not be naive". He said that because, while we dress it up with fancy euphemisms and toothless regulations, bribery occurs. A lot of us Americans play this game where we pretend it's not bribery because both sides think they can out-bribe the other. Hillary was forced to admit an inconvenient truth, something I'm sure she's sick of.

Hillary made her mistake in that moment she choose to lead with victimhood. A bold strategy, Sanders prides himself on his clean campaign. Everyone likes to say they wont sling mud but Sanders has managed to stay on topic almost all the time. By playing the victim, she attacks this position. I honestly believe the victim angle will work a bit, it was a shortsighted move though. It inches her very close to a political landmine.

If Hillary had stuck to 9/11 and then tossed a little "doesn't matter;donors are women" on top it would all play out as more or less reasonable. One could indeed argue that she managed to persuade her wealthy donors of her virtue and leadership in a crisis. That person could argue that because of said persuasion people are willing to drop obscene amounts of money to help her achieve political power. It's an easy out for her. But she couldn't just dodge, could she? She had to take a swing.

That landmine I mentioned...Clinton set it up herself. She is someone who believes that having a super PAC is necessary for victory. Bernie is proving her wrong every day. When people realize this, they'll see that it's not even worth the risk. Let's say the wealthy donors aren't fools, let's say the lax nature of campaign finance laws are an exploitable flaw. People like Hillary have told us that one must have a pac, that this vulnerability in our democracy is a necessity to get good work done.

In what I can only guess was a moment of shock brought on by Sanders' candor, Hillary has given voice to the reality of political bribery. By playing the victim she reminds everyone that the integrity is a valid concern. And the moment everyone remembers that she was wrong about the Sanders needing a PACs is the moment Hilliary will regret taking a cheap shot at Sanders' commitment to a clean campaign.

Can anyone explain the question? As a high school student taking government I've been watching the debates, but some things get lost. Why is accepting Wall Street money a bad thing here?
Is that all 9/11 is to you? Filler for you to use when pushed into a corner about your suspicious donors to try and sound like you didn't just get completely fucking called out? It's one thing to come up with a bullshit response. It's another to cite a tragedy and try and get political points off it.
I would be so fucking happy if sanders managed to be president. Im from germany but for me this is such an essential election.

[deleted]
At least she answered the question, and I assume she was implying that her relationship with Wall St. was based on her time in New York and not on expectations they have of her. Bernie Sanders couldn't say a single substantive thing, dude just repeats the same populist rhetoric over and over like catchphrases.

Americans are just plain terrible at politics/democracy. Thank God I live in Canada.
That's really unfair.  By the same definition, Bernie Sanders takes Wall Street money.  

Clinton got money from employees at banks and law firms because she was Senator from the hub of those two industries.
Glad to see that hilariously editorialized titles are still allowed as long as they're anti-Hillary.
I thought this was The Onion.
OH MAN!! anyways heres wonderwall https://youtu.be/6hzrDeceEKc

"I don't know if you remember, Donald -- you remember the rubble?"
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NFSSqCxXpGg

Lyrics: https://play.google.com/music/preview/T555vowgvz4mrdnomi7orqimg7q?lyrics=1&amp;utm_source=google&amp;utm_medium=search&amp;utm_campaign=lyrics&amp;pcampaignid=kp-lyrics


reminds me of [this episode of Mr. Show](https://youtu.be/D2e_R2GG_rc?t=13m36s)...
That's a LITTLE bit of an over-simplification. But yeah she did kind of say that.
That reads exactly like an Onion article. What's most sad about this is that, including the clip of her response to that ON POINT twitter question, I can't think of a better example of her deceit, and yet this will change few if any voters' minds already lined up to vote for her because she's a woman.
"If you're a child molester, there's no cure"
Trump or Hillary?

Hands down the worst person in politics!
Behind of of those dollars, she doesn't make any sense.
why does this not appear on the front page? curious
I would wear the fuck out of a T-Shirt that just said, "Weak Tea" on it.
You attack my reputation? Well guess what! Forget 100% of the points he made... The real story is I WAS THERE FOR 9/11. NINE-ELEVEN!... Women? Do you also hate terrorists? That's where Wall St. is!!!
i actually laughed at the title and thought it was from the union... but its real.
Too bad it was on Saturday night and no one saw it. 

Next debate she will be prepared for this. 
That is ridiculous. It's exactly like a Family Guy episode. I wonder if Seth MacFarlane helped write her answers?
He should make Killer Mike his official hype man. In all seriousness, that was a fantastic introduction.
With a fuckin Run the Jewels sweatshirt on!
Killer Mike has me feeling patriotic for a country that isn't even mine.
Damn, that was a *hell* of an introduction. Politicians, take note! If you want hype at your rally, hire an MC. 
&gt; If you work 40 hours a week you should not be in poverty.

I wonder what percentage of Americans agree with that statement.
All I can say is I'm not entirely sure what the fuck is about to happen in this country, but I'm super interested! Which is more then I can say  for any other prior election in my life. I have always considered my self impartial to politics, but I suppose this is the first time I'm looking at my life and what sucks about it, and listening to someone who thinks they can fix it.
I think one of the most admirable things About him that I've noticed is how un-power hungry he seems. He just genuinely sees injustice and wants to fix it
I was there at the rally. In person (even more so than in the video), he really gave off this sense of impassionment to help people and actually work to change things. He gave a very powerful statement, and lead into Bernie's entrance really well. Everyone was screaming and cheering really loudly.
The Margaret Thatcher line was great, and he's right.
First, I don't know who Killer Mike is. Does he have pull with his fans?
I want Killer Mike to motivate me for regular things in my day, shit I would get a lot done....haha. What an incredible intro, true to the word "HYPE-MAN"/
as a canadian who just voted in a new era with justin trudeau. i cant express enough how hopeful i am for you guys with bernie.  the north has its fingers crossed for a sanders/trudeau north america! if us canadians can beat the odds surely our bigger badder brother can pull it off too. good luck mofos. ill be smokin my soon to be legal weed in your bernie lovin honour.
Serious question from a non american, who doesnt see anything of Sanders outside of Reddit.
What do you all think other world leaders and countries think of Bernie Sanders?
 How do you think they view him?
As much as he seems like a great guy, trying to do some good, would he really 'fit' into the world as a president?

as a foreigner, it blows my mind that USA can spend billions on war and not have their own public (free) hospitals and public (free) universities.
***“Stay confronting bullshit at every turn”***  ～Killer Mike
Killer Mike called Hillary "thatcher"
That was powerful.. Don't really know the guy but he got me close to tears!
Bernie is continuing to chip away at his minority support. I know a lot of people that look to Killer Mike as an influential member of the community, this should do some work for Sanders in the polls.

edit: meant that he is working to improve his minority vote issues, realize 'chip away' is sort of confusing. my apologies.
[I was there.](http://imgur.com/61EKBJm) I got there 2 hours early and was probably around the 4000th person in line. TONS OF PEOPLE TURNED OUT. The line easily wrapped around the block and more. More than 6,000 people showed up, but i couldnt see the back of the line. Someone passed out on stage during the speech. They started doing chest compressions on him too soon. He was able to walk off though. His mentally handicapped (literally) friend had to be helped off stage after trying to shake Bernie Sadners' hand. I was scared for the man who passed out. It probably happened because he got there super early and it was probably hot on that stage.
Wow, that got me hyped up and I'm from the UK. 
Check out Killer Mike's appearance on the Bill Maher show a few weeks. Dude is EXTREMELY intelligent. College grad, married to the same woman for 20 plus years, great musician. A RTJ show brings out rap fans, rock fans, everything. And just comes off as an incredibly nice person. 

I've been a fan of his since his verse on Outkast's The Whole World
Check out [Nina Turner's moving and passionate intro speech for Bernie.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iy3POGnetfE) 
You need more political parties USA!
Turn his mic up EL-P hes about to bang this shit outtttt
Most passionate introduction I've seen or heard for any candidate in my life time. 
Can someone ELI5: how does Bernie plan on making college free? Who is going to pay for all this free stuff? Where will the money come from? [Serious answers only please]
That girl on the left can't be from Atlanta. No one in Atlanta willingly says "Hotlanta". That's a paddlin'.

Sorry, I don't have much else worth saying. I was very honored that he came to my city tonight, and I was sad to miss him. Many of my friends got to be on that stage tonight and they were so happy to be there. Killer Mike's a hell of a guy and Bernie is too, and anyone who goes out for some good old soul food with Killer Mike before a rally at the Fox is just plain cool.
Killer Mike's most important work is still Friskey Dingo.  Just sayin 
Killer Mike and Bern-E
Bernie Sanders seems to be the most trustworthy candidate... who's views I just don't happen to agree with. Now thats a pickle.
As a Republican, I truly hope Bernie Sanders gets the Democratic nomination.
"feel the bern"!!! 

Man whoever came up with that is a genius.  Go Bernie!!! 
[The vision becomes a vow to seek vengeance on all the vicious]
(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PkGwI7nGehA)
"I'm not here to talk about a utopian society where everyone is forgiven and no one has to pay for past debts."

That really struck me. 
That's one hell of an intro. I really don't think it gets any better than that.
That was a powerful introduction. Wow. 
I really will be crushed if Sanders doesn't win, dude has me actually believing in a politician...never really been able to say that
Compare the crowd in the background to the crowd in the background of Trump [rallies](http://media2.abc15.com/photo/2015/07/11/16x9/Guests_speak_at_Trump_rally_in_Phoenix___3166660000_21235718_ver1.0_640_480.jpg). 
Holy shit. I like Mike and what he stands for, but I wasn't aware how eloquent and charismatic of a speaker he really is.
Bernie Sanders should chose Killer Mike as his running mate. 
Man I've never seen Killer Mile behind a podium before but I think it suits him very well.
Killer Mike/DOOM ticket plz.
I'm glad the mic was fixed to the podium otherwise it would have been dropped through the floor. 
I was listening to that before I went to sleep.

I couldn't go to sleep. 
Honest question. Who is Killer Mike and why is his opinion on politics and the presidential race so significant?
You guys want to start something? Go purchase something that benefits Killer Mike. If he sees a jump in revenue for supporting Bernie, perhaps other celeb's that are tight with the 18-24 years olds will do the same.

There is probably someone in your family you can gift it to, if you don't get into his genres.
That was a powerful speech. Brought me to tears. 
Jeez, some people just want to watch the world Bern. 
Killer Mike references an article in the Atlanta Journal Constitution at 4:10.  Does anyone have a link to that article?  I tried searching but cannot find it. 
This got me more fired up than Charlie Day in the Gang goes to Prom episode of Its Always Sunny.
Pretty cool speech. I'm not from the US, but I'm kind of following the hole Presidential race. Bernie Sanders seems like a good option. The other candidates, on my opinion, are a joke and make Sanders' life even easier. Trump and Carson are hopeless; if the US elects another Bush you may as well give up. Clinton just isn't Presidential material. Things look promising for Sanders, is he doing well on polls?
http://imgur.com/gallery/7lZwLKc
 Killer Mike nominated for Nobel Peace Prize.
Run them Jewels fast run them run them jewels fast 
Let's be ready for a smear campaign against Bernie coming up in the next year. Money favors other candidates. 
He needs the Latino and youth vote.   I doubt the Black vote will show up in the numbers they did for Obama for obvious reasons.  Hilary will pull the majority female vote, again for obvious reasons. If he wants the Primary he needs young people and Latinos... he does a good job firing people up with stunts like this and being fired up is what gets the youth voting.. but he needs to directly address the Latino community and do so heavily WITHOUT bringing up immigration too much... its too divisive. 
My God, he just lit that place on fire. 
Killer Mike just made a grown man cry tears of hope and joy!
Realistically I am pretty positive with the amount of support from people and even celebrities that Sanders has a very very high chance of being our next president. 
Come on Mike, everyone knows you arent supposed to wear your own merch. 
The girl standing next to him is watching him on a live stream.
Transcript for those of you at work who can't watch it due to the crowd volume:

---

I am... I am honored to be here. 
Oh, I am truly, truly honored to be here.

I am from Atlanta, Georgia,  and I say that proudly.
I repeat, I am from Atlanta, Georgia,  and I say that proudly.

If you're... if you're from Atlanta, Georgia you may be familiar with a young man who grew up not far from here.

His name was Martin King.

Now, now I know this is the part where usually it's a black minister in front of you, and usually you get all warm and cozy inside, and usually you hear about 'I Have a Dream' and us holding hands and going for ice cream... **That's not why I'm here today.**

**I'm not here**  to talk about benevolent politician who are gonna come and save the day for you.

**I'm not here**  to talk about a dream that we think is unattainable, so we settle for less.

**I'm not here**  to talk about a Utopian society, where everyone is forgiven and no one has to pay for past debts.

I'm talking about... what I'm talking about today, is the Martin King 'post' the Washington March, Martin King 'present' the War on Poverty, Martin King 'against' the War Machine that uses **YOUR** sons and **YOUR**  nephews to go to other lands and murder. 

I'm talking about a **Revolutionary**.

I have no time in my short forty years on this Earth to relive the Reagan years.

I have no time,  I have... I have no, no desire to see us elect our own Margaret Thatcher.

I am here as a proponent for a political Revolution that says Healthcare is a **RIGHT** of every citizen.

I'm **HERE**, because working class and poor people deserve a chance at economic freedom. And yes, if you work 40 hours a week you should not be in poverty.

That's why I'm here.

I didn't come here to lolly gag, cause I rap, this could be y'all last time seeing me, caused I got tours to go, I got jets to fly on and I ain't Lie-on.
But while I'm here, I have to tell you, that in my heart of hearts... In my heart of hearts, I truly believe that Senator Bernie Sanders is the right man to lead this country.

And I believe it because he...  I believe it, because HE, unlike any other candidate, said, "I would like to restore the Voting Rights Act."

**HE**, unlike any other candidate, said, "I wish to end this illegal War on Drugs, that disproportionally targets minorities and poor."

Unlike any other candidate **IN MY LIFE**, he says that Education should be free for **EVERY** citizen of this nation.

Now, now I only have a few minutes, but as I read the Atlanta Journal &amp; Constitution's comments about me speaking tonight, one jumped out at me and it broke my heart.

It says, "I don't listen to rap and I will no longer be listening to Bernie Sanders." 

And I just want to say that, whoever wrote that, before I was a rapper, I was a son of Atlanta.

Before I ever wrote one rhyming word on paper, before that, I was a black man in America.

And... and before I ever learned how to dance a G, I gave a damn about American politics.

I gave a damn about the people of America, and I took to the streets and I advocated.

So... I know I'm preaching to the choir tonight. 
I know that there are not a lot of voices of dissension out there.
I know I'm preaching to the choir, but I'm here to tell you -- stay encouraged, stay invigorated, stay bold, stay confronting bullshit at every turn.

Make sure that wherever you go... make sure that wherever you go, you take the name, the ideas, the philosophy and the ideology of Bernie Sanders there.
**And you make sure when you leave they are on fire, because they have Felt the Bern!**

I have... I have a line from one of my raps and I'm gonna get out of your way. 

I have said in many a rap I don't trust a church or the government, a Democrat,  Republican, a Pope or a Bishop or those other men.

But after spending five hours tonight, after spending five hours *with someone who has spent the last* ***50 years*** *radically fighting for your Rights and mine?*

I can tell you that I am **very** proud tonight to announce the **next President of the United States**, Senator Bernie Sanders!

Everyone give him a round of applause!

[Transcript Source](http://www.dailykos.com/story/2015/11/24/1453821/-HipHop-rapper-Killer-Mike-gives-killer-speech-at-Atlanta-GA)
He has my vote, but the machine isn't going to let that happen.
That girl in the flannel with her smartphone is really feeling it.
queue the whingers about the circlejerking...
Agenda much reddit? Is it almost time for the daily front page posts how Hilary ate another baby and the Republicans hate freedom. Who owns reddit again and why is this media outlet, Reddit, campaigning so hard for this one candidate?
These comments tho. Some of you Bernie supporters are so cult-ish. It's creepy.
Who is this guy again?
Jesus. How do you follow that guy on stage? I think the video ended in the correct spot.
So was there a parent pickup lane after the event? I could imagine the parking lot would be a little chaotic with all of these kids around.
Wow. This is one of the most circlejerky threads about sanders in a long fucking while. This is pitiful.
Are you people shitting me? A relatively unknown rapper making an endorsement is the top link on /r/politics?
Don't forget to vote in your state primaries.

The thing that will stop Bernie right now is Hilary.

If Bernie gets the Democratic nomination he will win.
A rapper supporting a presidential candidate? I find it strange that people are so inspired by this. 
I wish Bernie was British so I could vote for him.
PLEASE BLACK PEOPLE

I BEG YOU

VOTE FOR ME
RTJ 3 will have an intro from Bern-E 
The reactions you get simply from announcing you're from the geographic vicinity are so American. If this was the UK it'd likely be met with indifferent silence with the odd "wanker" heckle. 
Bernie Sanders should talk to Snoop Dogg
I hope to hear him hop on the wrong side of this capitalist system understand.
the kid in the green needs to fully commit to his cheering
That was heartwarming! I think we may have a chance guys!!
Its nice to see another hero come forward. Killer Mike I'm so proud of you.
I love watching the people in the background during these.
Oh wow this is interesting 
Donald Trump has a chance of being the president of the United States of America, just writing that is scary. People need to stop seeing Hillary as the "safe" choice because it'll just be another 4/8 years of mediocrity, people want REAL change this time round and if we're going to stand any chance of getting that people need to vote for Bernie Sanders.
He brought tears to my eyes. 
That was so hype. Bernie has had some great introductory speakers. 
That's quite amusing in a sad sort of "blind puppy playing with a leaf" way.
Damn, I was already going to vote for him but this just made me want to go spread the word and do whatever I possibly can to help
Nope! 
I love Killer Mike. This was awesome.
What song is that quote from?
If Bernie gets elected, Killer Mike has to be his official White House Spokesman. 
He also compared him to Jesus which is beyond stupid.
Check this video about Killer Mike talking about violence in hiphop. Very informative.

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=xX-4XpsDoaw
Why is the video unlisted?
Well, at least we don't get the contrived halo press release images like the last messiah to be elected President
Pep rally's remind me of sugar rushes.

Spike people with pleasure then come down over time back to baseline normal.
Holy crap that near brought me to tears.
Go online and check to make sure you're registered! Gotta be registered Democrat to vote in the primaries.
That was quite the speech. I've never heard anyone talk about Hilary that way. 
I couldn't find an official video of the full speech, but I did find this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o9_2xIb0t1g
wow

How cool do you have to be to get a reference from a guy named killer mike
I wish Vegas was taking bets on this.
Can't wait for the "he's so well spoken" posts 
Welp, my nips are hard.
Half of the people behind Killer Mike can't even vote. This is one flaw I see that has potential to really damage Bernie; his supporters can't vote for him. 
powerful stuff
It's getting really really hard to tell this place and r/circlejerk apart.
I don't even know who Killer Mike is, but that was one hell of an introduction. Felt like I was there.
I wish Killer Mike would run for president
This is quite possibly the best thing I have ever seen in my entire life.
+1 to the campaign team that made this very bold, almost risky move...Hillary isn't having a rapper intro her, none of the politicians would...Bernie wasn't afraid to do it, and I think it's going to get voters to think about him that weren't thinking about him, and after all, that's the goal.  
So can we just abandon the pretense and merge /r/politics with the Sanders4president sub?
Why would anyone want a presidential candidate hanging out with an individual called Killer Mike?
Does anyone know why this video is unlisted?
Oh sna, great speach!
Killer Mike is a good speaker damn.  Really made the most of his 5 and a half minutes.
There aren't too many political voices in the USA that are more worth listening to than Killer Mike
Everybody's excited about highlighting Run the Jewels related stuff-- can't believe ya'll slept on this: https://youtu.be/WRP3vVDwCe4 
Really, the only endorsement that would give me cause to reconsider who to support. 
This video got me so hyped. 
Of course, no where on mainstream news sites.  
In feeling the Bern 
Video cuts off too soon! I want to see Bernie Sanders walk out to that! I'm not even American and I got goosebumps! 
As a single male making $40000 annually, I pay a total of $12,000 in federal, local and state taxes. If this idiot gets elected there is no way I can make it with my salary with an even higher tax burden.  I'm already paying 30% in total taxes. It's ridiculous. For 4 months out of the year, I'm working for the government. And then add on top of that $4272 in healthcare annually. 
BUT WHERE IS JA RULE!?!  we need his esteemed input too.

this is what /r/politics has come to
I would love to get onboard with Bernie as I agree with a lot of his views...but he just wants to give the government way too much power and in my opinion that is a huge mistake. Most government run operations fail when compared with the private sector. 
Bizarrely that speech moved me to tears.  Did he say Swan's can be gay?
WHERE'S JAH!? 
I honestly can't believe people are supporting a socialist.  It really shows how naive and ignorant some people are about history.  As an ex-kgb who escaped from the USSR said 'they are useful idiots'.
That was awesome!!!!!!!!  Man oh man does passion fire me up.

This is why I'm voting for Bernie Sanders
Wow.
bern really dropped the ball with the minority vote in the early part of his running, because they are his motherfucking bread and butter. he really should have been on BET months ago just being himself
God I hope Bernie wins. 
You know, I'd like to see Sanders be president as much as a lot of other folks but *by fucking god* are his supporters sometimes his worst enemies. Random shit off youtube with titles of delusional grandeur isn't going to do him any fucking favors.
I'm not really sure if teaming up with a guy with killer in his name is a great idea
Killer Mike is a misogynist. The SJWs should be all over this.
I remember him, he sang the ADIDAS (All Day I Dream About Sex) song in the early 2000s. He should change it to All Day I Dream About Sanders.
That was powerful as FUCK. FEEEEL THE BERNNNNN
Wow, Killer Mike... what an endorsement, without question one of the finest political minds of our generation.

*roll eyes*
free education for everyone? come on..
This killer mike is not very smart... 
Legit crying and covered in goosebumps. I hope like FUCKKKK Bernie wins. 
[deleted]
Fox News Headline - Bernie Sanders sponsored by black murderer
"Killer Mike"

Great name.
Sadly I don't see Bernie winning the presidential candidatancy... Most of the house and senate r already committed to hillary
Mike doesn't understand numbers, I see.
Not a chance. Probably for the best, I don't think he's got the balls to lead America during these times.
It's cool because they said the same think at the Lincoln Chaffey rally, and pretty much every presidential rally ever. 
All of the Liberal media and the Democrat party is acting as if Hillary has it in the bag. The fix is in people! They hand picked the guy Hillary will beat long ago.
ahh Killer Mike can't wait until he helps restore all those impoverished black communities, this literally runs like a Chappelle skit.
Holy mother of circlejerk
Ask him about how he will pay for his "free"  promises. 

"We don't have the numbers yet. " -  Sanders. 

Oh, right. 
yeah I really need a black hiphop musician to give me political advice
Can someone start a new sub specifically for obscure celebrities endorsing Bernie Sanders? Otherwise, at least put these kind of stories in a sub specifically about celebrities. The one place these kind of stories definitely don't belong is r/politics.
Oh please, Clinton demonstrated how easy it was to become elected by wooing the black vote on Arsenio Hall.  I really expected more than just a cheap shot of meth from Bernie.
Oh Jesus Christ. Get over it, he has no chance.
He's gonna get nowhere near the presidency. Good thing too. Nutty old man.
not that i don't support bernie (i do). but this video was posted on hes channel, so obviously it will be positive to hes cause.

just look at it with a critical eye, and don't be afraid to look at the opposition to challenge your ideas. all sides use propaganda.
[deleted]
Aww yeah, the Killer Mike endorsement. This nomination - nay, the entire election - is locked at this point. I predict a Sanders landslide in the general, 90 - 10.
No need to even vote at this point
I don't even like Bernie and that gave me chills
EDIT: But still, not enough to get me to vote for him
Economic freedom. lmfao 
5 hours isn't enough to get to know someone; but it IS long enough to make a deal 
"Radically fighting for your rights...". Bull. Bernie ain't fighting for crap.
How does anyone like this guy?
Actually, an endorsement from a "rapper" makes me a lot LESS likely to support Sanders.
People here unironically think this is a good thing for Sanders.  Oh I am laffin. 
Bernie has the same odds of becoming the next President as I do finding a tonne of platinum in my closet. 
Nah, Trump will.


TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP 
Yuck, no 
Ya I'll go ahead and listen to a rapper. 
Run The Jews
being radical is not a good thing especially with bernie's proposed spending plans and laughable tax proposal
You're all delusional 

I weep for the future
You progressives make me fucking sick.
Hey if you can't take the word from a guy calling himself "killer mike" who's can you take??
What a joke.
The young woman on the right with the check shirt is really pretty.
by saying that he just jinxed him.  wtg killer mike.
I am blown away by how many Canadians are posting their support of Sanders in this thread... it makes me wonder, how many Sanders supporters on Reddit are legally even able to vote for the guy?
The police and prosecution should go to jail for tampering with evidence.  The state should review any cases even remotely associated with this, and pardon anyone convicted under these dubious measures. 

It's absolutely disgusting that they're more interested in successful convictions over actual justice. 
Ke
What else are they lying about!? 

What else aren't they lying about?? 
Remember the family that had their child taken away because they used marijuanna? Then that child was abused and killed during foster care? Taking a kid from their parents is serious and needs to be the last possible solution. 

I don't understand how having some oil on your counter is worth the stress that kid is being put through right now. This shit has got to stop. 
&gt;On September 24, 2014, Lorincz called 911 from his Spring Lake, Michigan, home when his wife experienced an emergency. “The paramedics came in to assist my wife, and while they were assisting my wife the sheriff came in from the outside,” the 35-year-old father told me. It was then that the officer discovered hash oil on the kitchen counter. “The whole thing is ridiculous,” said Lorincz, who at the time possessed a Michigan medical marijuana card. “I didn’t commit any crime.”

&gt; Authorities didn’t see it that way.     

And cops wonder why they have an image issue... unreal. 
Maybe someone can clarify for me but is Michigan using laws intended for spice, K-2, or other synthetic cannabinoids to secure felony charges against people with natural extracts of THC? It sounds like they don't even care if the THC found in the extracts is chemically identical to that found in the plant, i.e. not K-2 or spice, as long as they can claim they don't know it came from a plant. If that is the case then this is most ridiculous bullshit I've ever seen in regard to marijuana.
The adversarial mindset of police is part of the bigger problem. The focus should be on proper justice under law, not on conviction record. We should stop with the plea bargains - many people are wrongly convicted due to fear of losing a jury trial - and prosecutors should stop "going for the max" when it's inappropriate. And, for my money, it's inappropriate to 'go for the max' if you're willing to plea deal down to 1/10th the max. What you're saying to me when you do that is "We think the proper punishment for the crime we believe you committed is x; but if you don't plead guilty, we're going to punish you for making us work by asking for 10x as much."

We should get past this whole prohibition thing entirely.
&gt;Meanwhile, Max Lorincz’s life remains in limbo, and his 6-year-old son is in foster care. Currently, he gets a few hours per week of visitation, but father and son have been apart for over a year now.

&gt;"It’s been the worst year of me and my wife’s life,” Lorincz said. “You’re talking about taking away an entire year of bonding with our son. It’s something we can never get back.”

This belongs in /r/rage
So can we charge the Prosecutors for falsifying evidence? 
Prosecutors seem like just about the most corrupt people there are.  They're like a cross between politicians and police.
Michigan needs to get rid of its Attorney General, Bill Schuette.  He is obsessed with marijuana and his unwavering pursuit of non-violent drug offenders.


He has done almost nothing since he took office except 1. try to defeat MMJ in court, and lose, 2. Use his authority to change the MMJ law passed by MI citizens, 3. This shit show about falsifying lab results.  
“The voters do not have a right to adopt anything they want,” McMorrrow said. “Something doesn’t become valid because the voters voted for it.”

Unless it's unconstitutional, yes it does.
This mindset is not unique to Michigan.  Denver currently has an anti-cannabis Mayor who is working to dismantle the legal cannabis market here.  The intent of the voters is rarely treated with respect, even in places where the intent is overwhelming. 
This is what happens when idealogues get power. It doesn't matter that Schedule 1 classification was complete and total bs, for the authoritarian mindset "I don't do it, therefore neither should anyone, ever". 
I like how after the 90s everyone had it out for defense lawyers with the OJ thing. Turns out the real pieces of human garbage are the prosecutors who casually destroy lives to move their career along
I don't understand how anyone got convicted if the origin was unknown.  The prosecutor would have to have proof beyond a reasonable doubt that the THC was synthetic and he would never get there with 'origin unknown'.

That would be like 'perpetrator unknown' as your only evidence you committed a crime.  If you plead to a case that weak, your lawyer is an idiot.
When I read this kind of thing I have trouble believing it's 2015.

I smoked a bit of pot in high school and college (late 70's / early 80's). I found it pleasant and the side effects minimal. I stopped because I was interested in a job in the defense industry and pot was, of course, a no no. It's pathetic that given the known benefits and risks that pot is still illegal.

This kind of crap shouldn't be happening these days.
[deleted]
Is there an argument to be made that the inherent corruption of drug testing should make all this evidence unreliable in court?  I know judges have been reluctant to entertain any assault on forensic medicine that isn't specific to a single facility or even a single practitioner, but the War on Drugs thing has been a basket of lies from the very beginning to the present day.  

I would wager an omnicient review of drug testing labs would reveal a tremendous amount of dishonesty, including much more of this sort of corruption.  We may not have the decency of a big boy country when it comes to urinalysis practices (many forbid employers from even attempting such a test,) but we can still take a step in that direction if the courts will agree that the testing process is, as a whole, too unreliable to be taken seriously in court.  Public confidence in science paired with the underlying reality of pervasive fraud makes drug testing results deeply prejudicial despite the fact that they should not generally be regarded as credible.
The most fucked up part is that the guy's kid is in foster care. The emotional damage caused could have lasting effects.
The prosecutors that solicit perjured testimony or allow evidence of this nature before the court are subject to bar discipline at:
http://www.agcmi.com/pages/RequestInvestigation.html
Prosecutors are truly the dregs of society. Unlike other modern "bad guys" like multinational executives, politicians, etc., these people have chosen to systematically prey on the most vulnerable in society, the poor and disenfranchised, to advance their own careers. Can you imagine being willing to be directly responsible for sending someone to life in prison for marijuana possession? That's how unscrupulous people willing to work for the DA's office are.

I'm all for a social contract and a civilized society, etc., but to make a living going to any lengths to ruin people's lives without any consideration of "justice" is truly as close to evil as people can come.
McMorrrow said. “Something doesn’t become valid because the voters voted for it.”

Fuck.... You..... Sir..
I've never tried drugs, and I never will. But this is just another example of why this whole "war on drugs" is stupid. 

edit: to everyone who thinks they're so clever by bringing up alcohol, aspirin, and eye drops -- it should be pretty clear what I mean by "drugs" given my use of the term "war on drugs".  Your smugness contributes nothing to the conversation.
Fuck these people. Throw everyone involved in jail. 

Pot is a plant. Go away and solve real crimes with victims.

It's stories like this that totally erode any leftover trust of police and government.  They can't even win by their own rules, so they cheat.

F this. Make the crap legal, and stop all the damage caused by the idiotic drug war based on everything but public health.
Y'all just let me know when it's time to over throw these people. We've been letting them toss us in jail and label us as criminals for waaay too long but we can always start now. 
LOL I was charged and plead guilty to the same thing that this man is going through in Ottawa county Michigan in 2012 
Here is some irony: the DEA classification for _synthetic_ THC is actually _more_ permissive (aka, they admit that it has important medical applications). So, basically, without exaggeration, our drug laws regarding marijuana are based on a web of lies....
'Something doesn't become valid because the voters vote for it.' Quotes like that just show how fucked up our government is. They tell people that they need to vote and that voting matters, but when the people vote the way that the government doesn't like they find a way to make the vote null and void
Let's petition the white house and make the people responsible have to serve a sentence that is equal to the combined sentence of every person that was falsely accused of a crime due to these circumstances, while exonerating the innocent and expunging their records. Boom, justice.
&gt;*"Kent County prosecutor Tim McMorrow told a state court that Michigan voters, despite their overwhelming approval of medical marijuana, do not have the final say. 'Something doesn’t become valid because the voters voted for it.', McMorrow said."*

Sounds like that prosecutor slept through a class or two in law school.

According to [this site](https://www.accesskent.com/Courts/Prosecutor/), McMorrow holds an elected position. He may finally understand how valid the votes are if they remove him from office.
&gt;Something doesn’t become valid because the voters voted for it.”

That's a very telling statement.
It doesn't even make any sense when you think about it.
why would thy go though the trouble of manufacturing synthetic stuff if they dont have to hide it? 
...and then they were all fired for prosecutorial misconduct and dereliction of duty, and prosecuted for perjury, right?

Seems like they could test for chlorophyll. Even trace amounts wouldn't be present in synthetic THC. 
Prosecutors get off by ruining peoples lives. It gives them a sense of power they cant get with their limp dicks.
These are people's lives they are trying to destroy.  Those who are responsible should be made an example of.  This is not acceptable behavior and makes our already morally questionable legal justice system even more untrustworthy.
Im really against long prison sentnces for many things. This is something I think this deserves a massive sentence. 

Imagine all the people he put away who where innocent. The lives destoryed. The treatement they received in prison. He is directly responsible for all of it. 
&gt;McMorrow told a state court that Michigan voters, despite their overwhelming approval of medical marijuana, do not have the final say. “The voters do not have a right to adopt anything they want,” McMorrrow said. “Something doesn’t become valid because the voters voted for it.”

Just. Wow.
I am a Michigan Assistant Prosecutor, the allegations that are made in this article are disturbing to say the least.
&gt;Bill Schuette and Ronald Frantz did not respond to requests for comment. Kenneth Stecker declined to comment.

cowards.

&gt;Just days before Bernhardt’s suicide, a Kent County prosecutor named Tim McMorrow told a state court that Michigan voters, despite their overwhelming approval of medical marijuana, do not have the final say. “The voters do not have a right to adopt anything they want,” McMorrrow said. “Something doesn’t become valid because the voters voted for it.”

Fuck this asshole. This statement ought to be posted throughout Kent County so that the voters can know they voted for someone who believes that the will of the voters means nothing.
Of course they did. Prosecutors are closer to criminals than lawyers. They will do anything to win their case, and they don't give a fuck about the truth. Not all prosecutor's, but God damn way too many of them. 
Kind of like most cultural change it's gonna take a generation or two for "real" legalization / acceptance. Time enough for the old guard to die off.  Those who grew up with anti-drug propaganda, who's career has been built on persecuting drug users, and who believe that drugs are fundamentally bad. Really shouldn't blame them. It's really hard to change self identity after 10, 20, 30 or more years of it being one way. Just wait for them to be gone.

Luckily we are (finally) on our way.
From what I read the orders to do this came from bill Schuette Michigan AG
Arrest and prosecute the prosecutors, and the heads at the lab. Let them rot in jail for a few years.
Who prosecutes the prosecutors?
This would do quite well in /r/rage 
&gt; The voters do not have a right to adopt anything they want,” McMorrrow said. “Something doesn’t become valid because the voters voted for it.”

That's actually how it works. 
This shit just makes me sick. Our system is completely fucked.
Is this where the DEA head steps in and tells us that the West Michigan’s regional drug task force is "a joke"?
prosecutors are some of the more evil people alive
TL;DR


Can someone with a brain that is better then mine ELI5? 

##redditgeneration #mylifeisinthetoilet #paris
This is what I mean by how science is hidden and lied about. Don't believe everything you hear or read because a fucking Doctor wrote. People are corrupt in every corner of life. 
&gt;Instead of pleading guilty, he fought the charge on the grounds that his medical marijuana card allowed him to legally possess the hash. Prosecutors responded in February by charging Lorincz with possession of synthetic THC, a felony.

That explains everything.
This is criminal.
How about just everything a public official does becomes fully public automatically 5 years after it happens?
Wow... just wow. These so-called LEOs will do all they can to wreck a person's life... and for no apparent reason.
Feel free to call them and express your thoughts

https://www.miottawa.org/Courts/Prosecutor/
Makes it easier to understand the Inquisition.
Fuck them.
Weed will be legal in MI in 2016. I believe it! Fuck government.
I misread the title as "Professors" and was thoroughly confused.
From [Fox 17 in West Michigan](http://fox17online.com/2015/10/30/a-non-stop-political-game-former-msp-forensic-science-director-on-false-marijuana-reporting-allegations/)
No more f ucking non-violent inmates, f uck this nation of incarceration...
&gt; The role of the laboratory is to determine whether marihuana or THC are present.

Who the fuck still spells it marihuana? Are the state police all over 80?
As a michigander who has a OWI because he got his blood drawn and smoked the day before and is now on probation. FUCK MICHIGAN!
Send every person who participated in these crimes to prison for the maximum sentence allowed. 
Toss every conviction.
Unrelated but the layout of the website is really cool.
How is this "politics"?
I will just remind everyone Bill Mahar is a millitant atheist. He would say the same thing about Christians if he thought he could get away with it.
Nobody is surprised. 
If Socialism vs. Libertarianism replaced our current Democratic vs. Republican setup, frankly I think we'd all be better off.
Nobody thought the GOP was headed towards Libertarianism.
Let's be clear.  Republicans =/= Libertarians.

They're just as fond of regulations as "the Left", the difference is in what they choose to regulate.
Trump's unfavorability is extremely high.  In other words, most Republicans that aren't supporting him now dislike him almost as much as any Democrat or moderate.  So I don't see how he is any bearing on the direction of the Republican party as a whole. All he really did was separate legitimate republicans from the bigots and xenophobes; this is exactly why he is never harmed by his negative publicity while the other candidates fluctuate as you would expect them to.

He had a cult following that happened to be large enough to put him on top in a race with 15 other candidates all taking a piece of the pie, and he has already started to fall off that pedestal as the candidates drop out of the race and the votes of legitimate republicans are consolidated under his competitors.
Republicans like to have everyone living in fear. Fear Obama! Fear the Terrorist! Fear the Socialist! Fear the Chinese! The Chinese are out to get you, and so are the Socialist. Don't forget about the Russians, the Iranians, Al-qaeda, or ISIL. You must live in fear. Arrggghhhhh! It is crazy. Amazing how scared the Republicans are, and how easily they think the rest of us scare. Some of us don't live in fear all the time.
This is funny during the Bush administration they were going to try going to smaller government then 9/11 happened and government got bigger  they did not need a separate department of Homeland Security fro the Department  of Defense which actively works to defend our country in so many ways besides just the military. Originally conservative was supposed to mean fiscally conservative but that went out the window  a very long time ago and was never intended to mean what they made it mean by dictating how people would be allowed to live their lives in an acceptable way that is not what conservative is supposed to mean at all.
It would be fun if Trump, after he dropped out said he was running an experiment, backed up by social scientists where he intentionally came up with crazier and crazier proposals in order to find out when even the most loyal fan base would stop sporting him. But now I remember this was done earlier  in Germany and the base followed way to long. 
I know it's a media meme to call him a fascist, but in a way they're kind of right; he does display some relatively nationalistic and authoritarian tendencies.

This is why many from 4chan's /pol/ love him so much. They are mostly unabashed national socialists and fascists, and so Trump is more closely aligned to their ideology than the other candidates. 

At the end of the day, regardless of how you personally feel about Trump, you gotta admit he's a pretty dank meme.

Trump didn't move the party anywhere.  Trump just shined a spotlight on the batshit crazy extreme right ~30% of the gop.
It's long overdue for people to stop dismissing Trump's candidacy as some fringe campaign that isn't going anywhere. That's been the story for months, and it's proving to just not be true. It's time to start speaking out against it and in greater force. He is the far away favorite nationally right now, and his support is not wavering. He is very much on track to be the Republican nominee. If people just keep assuming his campaign is going to fade away, they are going to be in for a surprise several months from now when he wins primary after primary.
Is Mexico fascist because it deports more Central Americans than America does? 
Rand Paul is the only presidential candidate from the GOP that I'll even consider, The rest are a laughing stock.

&gt;The broad appeal that Trump’s proposals have among right-wingers makes you wonder whether their nonsensical phobias about the Democrats’ seizing their guns and throwing them into camps isn’t just a psychological projection of what they’d like to do to their opponents.

This cannot be stressed enough. 
Republicans aren't becoming libertarians and never have. The only libertarian bone they have in their body is when it comes to corporations, and social programs. Not for corporate welfare, and for everyone else there is big government. It has always been laughable when Republicans claim to be small government.
How is a single person driving the Republican Party?
As a super duper business man he is supposedly you would think he would understand that removing 3% of people that participate in the economy is a very bad thing, which would (if it were actually feasible to deport them) cause a recession.
At this point, I think it's a calculated trolling of the GOP to cut them off at the knees. Trump will be hailed as an unsung hero/genius in 20 years, having sacrificed his name and shot at the Presidency for the sake of his country.

You heard it here first.
will the homeschooled Christians who don't have birth certificates get deported as well?
Let him win. He is simply giving voice to what many Americans think in private anyway. I abhor his ignorance, but true change cannot take place until the American closed-mindedness has been exposed to sunlight and the glare of public scrutiny. 
And how exactly does he plan to deport legal US citizens?  Doesn't matter if they are kids of two illegal immigrants, they are in fact US citizens.
Anyone who knows much about libertarianism knows that the Republicans aren't particularly close to it.  Between the Christian Right and their dedication to the military industrial complex, it's pretty obvious they never will be.  There is a reason a guy like Rand Paul seems like such an outsider in that party.
The religious right of the GOP have never been libertarians. They've always had fascist tendencies. 

Smaller government... Until you do something in the bedroom we don't like!  Then we send the morality police to come beat the unchristian out of you!
It's all rhetoric I believe. Trump knows deep down he couldn't pull it off but he's smart enough to know it'll get the rednecks fired up enough to vote for him. 
I'm a libertarian leaning Republican (basically just flat out libertarian that turns a blind eye to the social conservative/evangelical wing), and Trump more than anything else makes me want to throw my hands up in defeat and leave the party. Trump and even most of the modern field of Republican candidates make GWB seem like a sensible man. This current cycle has been enough for me to pray that Romney returns and somehow takes the field...but that's not going to happen.
Why are people for deporting economic migrants in Europe but not Mexicans in the US? Most illegals are here for the purpose of making more money.
Here's a fun game for you.  What is the least crazy statement which Trump could make at this point that would lose him the lead in the Republican primaries. 
Nate Silver points out that Trump's success in the polls represents support from effectively 5% of the Republican electorate in Iowa.  

Why do people still not listen to Nate Silver?

http://fivethirtyeight.com/features/dear-media-stop-freaking-out-about-donald-trumps-polls/
Naaa republicans positioned themselves that way.  Republitarians like the Pauls were never anywhere close to libertarianism.  They've always been state-level tyranny-of-the-majority supporters.
the base wants fascism, the donors want libertarianism.
BERNIE SANDERS: HEY YOU AMERICANS I WANT TO HELP YOU GUYS OUT AND GIVE YOU FREE EDUCATION AND FREE HEALTHCARE!

DONALD TRUMP SUPPORTERS: HOW YOU GONNA PAY FOR THAT YOU COMMIE BASTARD!? YOU AIN'T TAKIN MY TAX DOLLARS!

DONALD TRUMP: I'M GOING TO DEPORT 11 MILLION PEOPLE AND BUILD A FUCKING WALL LIKE IN THE GAME OF THRONES AND CREATE A MASSIVE SURVIELLANCE PROGRAM.

DONALD TRUMP SUPPORTERS: FUCK YEAH! MURICA! 
As someone who has spent 10 years overseas working in a number of different countries, always with a proper work visa, never considering for a moment that working illegally overseas was, could, or should be an option, can someone please explain to me the logic that people have a right to work illegally in a foreign country or how deporting illegal workers is a fascist ideology?

#EDIT: The below conversation is perfectly representative of reddit and American politics as a whole. Truly unsatisfying, no attempt to define terms, no attempt to meet on the ground of mutual understanding, simply a shrill demonstration of one's capacity to concoct a suitably emotional argument to sate one's need to be the loudest proponent in the echo chamber. I am deleting my account and am retreating to the fresh air of reality. Good luck to all of you in finding peace of mind in the sound of your own voice. 
ITT The Republicans who called Obama a racist, terrorist, muslim with a fake birth certificate, who said raped women's bodies can shut down rape pregnancies, are here to tell us calling widdle Trump a fascist is.... are we fucking ready ...NOT PC ENOUGH FOR THEM!
Who's next on the list to bash today in the gop? Or is it Hillary's turn? Or is it a Sander's article praising everything he is doing? 

Come on, as much as I dislike some of the people running for office, especially trump, this is getting ridiculous. 
Ok, as a Democrat, people need to stop calling anyone they disagree with a fascist, bigot, racist, sexist, Nazi, homophobe, xenophobe, etc. It's lazy, and it's the last resort when liberals have run out of ideas. 

Edit: Since I see the childish Dems are out in full force today, I'll explain why this is bad: It's the boy who cried wolf. When you hear these labels and phrases thrown around on a daily basis, people tire of it. So one day when REAL fascism, bigotry, racism, sexism, homophobia and xenophobia comes along, no one will believe you, or at the very least they won't give a shit because it's just another day of Democrats throwing these words around. 
Did he really propose to deport American citizens...
No matter how many times you call him a fascist, there are still alot of people who like his reteric. Can't deny that a large part of the populous don't want to support another country's poor while our vets and homeless get the shaft. 
Kicking out lawbreakers and criminals is "facism" to Democrats? The majority of Americans disagree. 

They certainly don't deserve to stay here, against the law, and continue to be exploited as illegal labor by employers and live in a shadow economy. It's bad for both them and American citizens. 

I guess we now see why they lose to Republicans when crime and terrorism become major electoral issues. 
Why is Trump used as a reflection on the GOP? If anyone actually takes the time to look at his policies, most of them are actually way more liberal than conservative. Trump is a fake conservative, everyone else in the GOP calls him out on it. Sure he has these wild immigration ideas but there's so much more than that.

My opinion is that the reason that most liberals hate Trump so much is because they see a crazy reincarment of the beliefs they hold dear. Most of the GOP sees through trump's BS, and he's not a true representation of the GOP in any way, shape, or form.
Not much of a mistake if it's actually happening. Just saying.
My sister loves this guy. "He's rich!"
It's not a bug, it's a feature. 
You can support a living wage and a robust social safety net or you can support mass immigration, but you can't support both. Even if tax cuts are reversed, even if junk food is taxed, it will not be enough to take care of the millions who pour into America each year. We have immigration policies decided by 60 year old boomers, and it's Millennials who are going to suffer for it.



At no point did I EVER think the Republican party was growing increasingly libertarian.
What amuses me is that they think libertarianism in its American sense and fascism are all that far away from each other on a spectrum
&gt;"Republican Party much closer to fascism than to the libertarianism toward which *some* mistakenly believed the GOP was headed."

The GOP is going Libertarianism - Said No One Ever.
I don't understand how this makes fiscal sense at all. All I see is massive dollar signs written all over this. 
r/titlegore
I wish we had a real libertarian candidate. Just someone who could make most political issues a "mind your own fucking business" kind of thing. I'm sick of both the liberals and conservatives wanting to control me as much as they do. Fuck both sides; you do you and I'll do me.
Wouldn't that mean he'll be deporting 90% of his hotel employees?
Good. They are criminals and should be deported.
If the GOP was heading toward Libertarian-ism, wouldn't Paul get a bit more respect among his pears. Or his father for that matter. No, since Reagan it's been about feeding the top and scaring the bottom.
I'm pretty sure they were monitoring mosques way before he ever mentioned it.
I believe that Trump is just doing his best to appeal to a wide conservative audience right now to give himself the best chance possible. 

I don't believe he would or could do a very large portion of what he's saying right now. It's just hot air. I don't think he believes it himself. 
eh, I don't think anyone with any sense believed it was heading anywhere else
The thing that bothers me the most is that people are more upset about Trump wanting to deport criminals, and not that he wants to spy on people who have shown no evidence whatsoever of any wrongdoing.
I think it's a media meme to call him a fascist, but in a race with the crazy scary shit they will say.
Growing up under a strong influence of American culture then seeing how much progress the country has made in terms of racial equality makes it hard for me to grasp how a good percentage of Americans would stand for this. The line from the article is on point - america would not be the country that it is if it closed its doors. 
Is it just me or should this sub reddit actually be named something like r/liberalhaven? All of these articles are unbelievably bias. Sure I think trump is dumb and his policies suck but fascism really? And even though he is front runner doesn't mean he represents the majority of the party. Look at the other candidates that are leading.  Most of them are tea party libertarian. If you combine cruz, rubio, Paul, and maybe even carson you get a much better representation of where the party is. Liberals just love using him as an excuse to hate on conservatives. I get it trump is a right wing radical but if you look at the other side Bernie sanders is a freaking "democratic" communists! And he has more support from the democrats than trump has from the Republicans. Bottom line is we should all be seeking truth and ultimately choose who we think is best for country. If this sub reddit calls it self a generic name like r/politics it should be unbias, informative, and critical. 
As a Mexican American I am voting for trump. 
Republicans have been increasingly fascist. That's why trump blew up like he did. The party was primed for a candidate like him.
What is so wrong with deporting people that are here illegally?
[deleted]
I dont understand why wanting to deport 11 million ILLEGAL UNDOCUMENTED IMMIGRANTS is fascism.......
1) Deport illegal immigrants - people that entered this country illegally. That have broken our laws and drain our resources. 

2) Monitor locations known for the recruitment of terrorist organizations. 

[](/sp)

This all sounds rather prudent to me. 
People throw around the word "fascism" a lot, and don't know what it is. 

http://i.word.com/idictionary/fascism
I've voted dem for last 5 presidents, but I like the Donald.  Somehow promoting LEGAL immigration is equated with xenophobia, policing jihadi support networks is equated with fascism, and being a patriot for the US is equated with fear mongering.   I think the reason so much of the press dwells on his gaffes and politically incorrect speech is that alarms are going off in the Clinton foundation and the press is responding to their call for help.    
nice click bait trump title like always 
Libertarians will always command 2-4% of the vote.  It's hard to run a candidacy for government on the premise of anti-government.  That, and it also doesn't help to have the shining examples of the Chicago boys' ruin of Chile and Somalia as the only extant champions of their ideology.
I don't think the Washington Post understands what fascism actually is.  Wanting to get rid of people who are not legally allowed to be in this country is not fascist.  It's called enforcing our existing laws.  How on Earth is enforcing existing law fascist?

Oh so fascism is enforcing immigration laws?  

People don't take the media serious anymore. They don't take the left serious and they don't take the "conservative" establishment serious. They've all been exposed as being anti-American. They were spill rivers of ink writing about how bad we are for wanting a border and not taking in refugees from the middle east. 

You are the ones that created Trump. All you had to do was listen to the people. 
The real question is why do you believe him??

Obama was going to be transparent and have whistleblower protections.  Instead we got Drones and Snowden.  Meanwhile, none of the bankers who donated to him got jailed for "Bush's financial crisis."

If Trump were to make it into office, this too would be forgotten, while taxes get cut.
The more ink you spill trying to demonize Trump, the more popular he becomes. It's almost like you're preaching to the choir. 
I'm thinking people don't understand that "libertarianism" is much closer to anarchy than any socialist/fascist/communist movement.


Is America the only country that doesn't deport illegal aliens? Also, why are you a citizen just because you're born here? How many countries do that? 
America is finally going to be strong, christian and white! MAKE AMERICA STRONG AGAIN
Establishment Republicanism has a definite fascist streak. The "freedom" they espouse is only for a very specific, white, land-and-business-owning aristocracy. 
So not voting for Trump is like not voting for the next Hitler?
I just don't understand why deporting 11 million ILLEGAL immigrants is such a wrong and terrible thing to do? They shouldn't be in the country in the first place. I'm all for LEGAL immigration. Why can't they just do it the correct way? Also, the United States of America should have the right to deny people citizenship. I just don't see why deporting ILLEGAL immigrants is such a terrible thing to do.
Alright, let's be real here and go by what he has said. Trump says 11 million illegal immigrants need to be deported. Ones with violent criminal records are going to be deported immediately and will never come back. Illegal immigrants who have overstayed their visas, don't have a green card, etc, are being deported along with their children and then will be expedited through the immigration process so they can then come back into the country legally. He's going to test the 14th amendment in a court of law, which has been way overdue anyway, and we'll see what happens from that. So basically Trump wants immigrants to be legal and he doesn't want immigrants that have broken the law and our sovereignty. It's as simple as that.

Now for the Mosques. State governments, and I bet the federal government as well, have already had programs that monitored for radicalization in mosques. New York definitely had a program like that. And the whole hoopla about monitoring Muslims and mosques all had to deal with possible refugees anyway, not US citizens who happen to be Muslim.

I don't know, none of that screams hardcore evil Fascism like everyone would have me believe.
I have no problem deporting illegal immigrants and that has nothing to do with fascism. It has to enforcing the laws of a sovereign nation. (The legal kids can stay here if there is a legal adult to take care of them, of course)
I might be missing it but where did Trump state he would also deport their citizen children? 

(Don't get me wrong, I think the man is xenophobic and racist, I wouldn't doubt he said it. I just want evidence before I drop it at Thanksgiving Dinner.)

Would like to make it happen.
Lost me at "undocumented"
I'm a lib and I'd say most libs are the ones that created Trump.
I absolutely fucking hate it when people use the term fascism improperly, and once again here's another improper usage. Is it bordering on partial correctness? A bit, but it's still far from fully correct.

Wanting to deport illegal immigrants and so-called anchor babies is far from a radical idea and is far from fascism, and monitoring mosques has absolutely nothing to do with fascism so much as it has to do with nanny-state totalitarianism. 

Do I want Trump as a President? About as much as I want Hillary, Jeb, or that fucking moron Carson, but at the same time I do believe we need to secure our borders and give existing illegals either a citizenship test (and not a simplified version) or the boot. As for monitoring Mosques, people act like every organization that might produce terrorists isn't already monitored to high hell and back, it's just whether or not the government chooses to do anything about it (like when companies dodge taxes I guess). I don't think we should be monitoring every mosque, but it's pretty obvious that some mosques are definitely tuned into radicalizing (maybe not in the U.S., but there are one or two known ones in Britain and Sweden I believe) that should shut down. 
Funny Obama didn't do shit When my family got deported. 
Big government I agree with = Sanders.  Big government I don't agree with = fascism.
Wait, is he proposing we can finally get rid of the god damn Germans?
&gt;fascism

You keep using that word. I don't think it means what you think it means.
Fucking /r/titlegore holy shit.
I don't know which is scarier, that he really is this despicable a human being or he is acting this way because he knows it will get him the extreme right wing Republican bases support. 
I want to say how much I disagree with this statement but I'm afraid of being attacked for having an opinion that differs from every progressive hipster out there. 
Not supporting illegal immigration = Fascism.

It's getting really hard to take you guys seriously anymore.  
whats fascist about deporting illegal immigrants?
In practice libertarian arguments were used to unilaterally disarm the middle class.  Example, cable companies had their price controls removed in the name of deregulation; however, their local monopolies were left in place.
What's wrong with forcing people in the country to obey long standing laws, and fearing religion? 
Ironically the same people criticizing this on the 'you can't deport everyone just because some may be terrorists' grounds are the same that want to ban guns because 'some owners may be mass-murderers waiting to happen".  I love liberal hypocrisy.  Shower me with your downvotes, regressive liberals. 
Well, since he can't deport the children of illegals that were born in the US, he better be ready to put a lot more money into the fostercare system for all the kids that don't have family left in the US to take them in. I can never believe the level of moronic pandering american politics stoop to. This is the type of shit only Neo-Nazis would dare to utter in Germany.
That has literally *nothing* to do with fascism. Facsism is actually collusion between government, corporate, and military powers, a phenomena which is actually alive and well in the United States. These days, people use fascism as interchangeable with "evil government", and it's just inaccurate.  
  
I mean, I guess is sort of makes sense, because a lot of fascist governments were also totalitarian, but there's been totalitarian socialist governments too. You know, the form of power distribution and whether or not it's corrupt and evil are not necessarily intertwined.
Is anyone really surprised? The Republicans have been sliding towards Fascism for over a decade...

EDIT:Wooo controversial comment. Jumping between 0 and 5 upvotes all day.
It's ILLEGAL not undocumented 
I can't believe the republican party hasn't already openly said that they will not support this man.
Better than where the left is dragging us

So it's "fascism" to simply enforce the law on the books?
I mean, I don't see too much credit.
You know what the most unpredictable shitshow of primary results would be? Trump vs. Sanders. You'd have people choosing between fascism and what many conservatives see as outright socialism, and not democratic socialism. I don't think I could even predict the outcome of that election. 
i really hope donald trump is just trolling republicans to see how far they will go. this would be the most amazing troll of all time. 
I have no input here but what is with the thumbnail
&gt;In proposing to deport 11 million undocumented immigrants

Isn't that what would happen if anyone found them anyway?
How does one monitor a mosque?
What would make anyone believe a political faction who has the Bush family as members would want anything to do with fascism? What, you think anyone in the Bush family would try to overthrow the American government in a fascist coup? Preposterous.
Just curious... if these immigrants are undocumented... how do we know there are 11 million of them??
Libertarians: DUH.
Then you have to ask yourself, would Trump be team Tony or Team Cap? 
Cuba Gooding Jr. for president
Libertarianism is gay, fascism is the way
I'm afraid that if he becomes president,  hell get assassinated. Then he'll become a martyr and then we're all be fucked. 
In my experience the vast majority of younger Republicans I've met (20s-30s) are libertarian leaning however the GOP is run by a very different demographic of older baby boomers who are anything but and their biggest constituency are older voters as well. Basically the GOP has the problem that American politics has in general, the younger citizens don't or can't vote and they are under represented in the parties. 
I still think that he's just the world's biggest troll.
Believe it or not, Donald trump and even the 20% of Republican voters who support Donald trump, are not all of the Republican party. 
Mark my words as you'll need this post for /r/bestof. 

Simple. Clinton will win the Democratic nomination and, if she isn't indicted, will lose to one of these extreme conservatives. US will slip into an era of quasi-fascism. But I don't think this will happen. 

Someone, somewhere, has info against Clinton and will release it at the correct time to destroy her campaign. Sanders will then get the nod and run against the republican nominee (most likely Trump). Only then will we know what America really wants.  
Governments all over the world need right-wing decisiveness in the current era.
I wish people would open the dictionary and look up fascism before they start typing or talking 
http://www.zerohedge.com/sites/default/files/images/user3303/imageroot/2015/11-overflow/20151121_mm.jpg

Quotes by Robert Heinlein
What are the marks of a sick culture?
http://patrifriedman.com/quotes/heinlein.html
&gt;You are not a subscried member of this community. Please respect that by not downvoting.

This says a lot more about facism than the post itself...
republicans haven't been anywhere close to libertarian in any shape or form for decades (ron "the old bern" paul doesn't count for reasons that should be obvious)
If Trump wins, some part of me hopes he adds something like the [Palazzo Braschi Fascist Face Poster](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/e/ea/Palazzo_Braschi_Fascist_Poster,_1934.png) but with his head on it instead.
* Libertarianism for "real Americans."
* Fascism for "illegal immigrants."


Is reddit really resorting to using Donald Trump as a strawman for the Republican party?
Typical fucking media. #Trump2016
... and yet, not even one Republican has cast a vote in the primary.
So what is it fascism vs communism now?  I like buzzwords because I'm simple minded and makes it nice and easy for me to vote.
such a leading title. people who are libertarian know there are 2 factions within the republican party. The religious establishment neo con warhawks and then theres the conservative liberty minded young smart candidates who believe in following the constitution and know they can only use the republican platform based on values from over 30 years ago because they cannot get into the national debates if they run as a third party. 
Why didn't we accept Japanese refugees during WW2?
Fascism and the Republican Party walk hand in hand
The GOP has been a fascist party for decades. They really ramped it up in the last 20 years.Trump is just honest about it.
This is good for a level headed republican to come in and sweep up the votes. 
You know that Republican Party? Yeah, they split into Marxes and Mini-Hitlers.
How is this guy a presidential candidate?  This is a fucking disgrace
Is everyone sure that voting machines are even still legit, anyway? Can someone explain why rigging elections is impossible?
Libertarianism is the way they need to head if they ever want to win again. 
GOP was never headed towards Libertarianism. 
Dear God who writes these dreadful polemics ?
as someone who has always voted independent, i never get too worked up at election time. it really seems like this year that neither party is happy with who is running in their own primary.

it feels great. :)
Yeah fuck Trump
Why is he even a candidate? So many awful policy proposals. 
[deleted]
When will the betting commence to see how long before he is assassinated after being elected? if he does win
If God created the universe, the stars, planets and everything, why would human beings register to you as anything more than how we view bacteria.
He's already got more than how we view bacteria.
I doubt it would drive me nuts too if I was a lawyer and one was a fun game for you.
Funny as heil!!! It's like it's reich out of politics at least a little.
I don't think he positioned anything, he just brought light to where it really has been all along.
trump hasn't 'positioned' anything. what he's done is highlight the extreme distaste with rampant suffocating pc and a government that is hellbent on ignoring the people to push a fully ludicrous progressive agenda. he needs to go away and i think he will, but he has certainly been of service... however the 'bubba effect' will only get worse in the future if the government continues to peddle and enforce all this wacky liberal tripe at the expense of american taxpayers. progressives are fully aware of this, that's why they are desperate to change the demographic percentages in america. it's why the democrats are so adamant about amnesty and giving free shit to people who broke the law before people who risked their life for this country. it's also why progressive republicans are racing them to it. 
  90% of the people who I know who identify themselves as libertarian, only really care about their own rights.  90% of those people really only care about a few selected rights that they want to protect.  100% of those highly selective, self identifying libertarians, really only care about their guns and taxes.


The guy views himself as the ultimate "Manager".   He sets the rules, runs the show, calls all the plays, makes all the deals.  It's his way or "you're fired".  How anyone get libertarian-ism from that is a mystery. 
ah, now its name calling time
It is fucked up that American workers have to compete with people who dont hAVE taxes withheld. Tax them like the rest of us and I might not be inclined to agree with him
I'm still believing that Trump is putting on a show - he was a liberal on social issue before, more like a Clinton democrat.  I think what he's doing is to attract the votes of fundamentalist republicans to ensure an Hillary victory, at the same time showing everyone the kind of bullshit a large chunk of Republicans would want or believe.   He's going to be in the race if he doesn't get the nomination.  
Deport illegals = following the law

Monitoring mosques = something we already do because there are mosques that preach radical islam and numerous terrorists frequent. 
Monitoring mosques is simply ridiculous, but I'm astonished more folks don't have a problem with illegals, heck, people get called out for using the term *illegal*. Just silly. They're criminals, why do you expect so much sympathy?!
The scary part is that his PR team likely proposed these stupid ideas because they resonate well with the population
I've seen so many stupid biased things on this sub, but this may top them all. This is the most liberally biased post I've ever seen. It's about how Trump defines the politics of the GOP, yet the bottom line is he doesn't. In fact, the GOP hates Trump. This sub needs to die, "politics" my ass.
This should help with the circle jerk.
http://www.amazon.com/Passion-Lubes-Silicone-Hybrid-Lubricant/dp/B00SZ3O6OU/ref=sr_1_fkmr0_2?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1448571374&amp;sr=8-2-fkmr0&amp;keywords=10+gallon+barrel+of+lube
I can't decide what sounds best in describing Trump: a low-class Fascist, or a classless Fascist. 

Both roll off the tongue nicely. 
We are currently seeing in the US what Germany experienced in the 1930s.
Facist, Racist, Xenophobe, what will they ever come up with next?!
So if I claim to be a republican and say on national tv that Rosie O Donnel is the embodiment of Christ on Earth, that's what the entire party will believe?
And yet Obama's autonomous actions on immigration are somehow not fascist? You can't be this blind by ideology. Unfortunately, in this case it takes two wrongs to make a right ... and we are hoping against hope that it will be done to truly refresh the system as it was meant to run, the system that Obama and Bush demolished by their actions. It's unlikely, but it's our only hope for America. Autocracy is the only remedy for lawlessness. This is why America was and is so special, we came to the New World as separatists out of totalitarianism, but I don't think the great experiment could ultimately have an answer for human depravity.... human depravity eventually requires rule by autocracy, ironically due to absolutely misguided ideas about compassion, tolerance, fairness and morality. Our digression to destruction will happen in the name of enlightenment, yet in the context of our advanced society, with unprecedented access to information we end up the worst, most depraved, most uncivilized nation to have ever existed ... because we knew/know better and we still will end up a historical cliche.
I want a trump tshirt where he's doing the nazi salute and looks a little like hitler
OP:  harvesting karma from ignorance 
Consider if you will, Trump is moving so far to the totalitarian right that it makes the authoritarian left seem less harmful. Trump is providing a comparison to Clinton which makes her seem sane, and less like the NeoCon we all know as Hillary. This shell game is getting old!
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Wetback
As I've understood it you're automatically granted citizenship if you're born in the US. But would that include tourists? Like say a Canadian couple was visiting and the woman went into premature labor.
Nothing wrong with enforcing the law and deporting illegals. The can come back legally if they want. 
This guy is a moron.
It's not, these people are just calling him a fascist ideology?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aBJeBu0lBKQ
I'm guessing you don't have anything to hide then you have nothing to do with policing Jihad.
They should be deported.
&gt;and their citizen childrenThat's not how this works, that's not how any of this works. Otherwise we would have no nation.
I'm sorry, but who has ever thought the GOP was headed towards libertarianism? They've been crazy for decades.
Yes we can!
I don't understand why you guys would want illigal immigrants living in your country? I live in Toronto and we are very selective on the immigrants we bring in. They usually have money to invest. Helps then economy.
They still consider themselves Mexicans and they all freak out like they are Fascist.
So does that mean every other country in the world is fascist because they deport illegal immigrants??
This guy is great for American politics.... If you're a democrat. 
Ron should have run one last time. I really like Rand, but Ron would have won
He still hasn't outlined where the money for all this is coming from.
Can we just press a reset button and get new candidates from both sides?
I can't stand Trump, but Fascist he isn't and suggesting that just shows the authors ignorance.
He also lied about meeting Gen. Westmoreland.

Are we forgetting that?
[deleted]
“The story is well-documented," Carson said, referring to a story in question about trying to stab a friend or relative. "If you choose not to believe it, if it doesn’t fit the narrative that you want, that’s fine. Let’s let the American people decide.”

Is the story well-documented anywhere else besides Carson's own biographies?

Edit: If we want to "let the American people decide," shouldn't we give them more than just one side of the story?
I'm a liberal and I think Ben Carson would make a terrible president, but this information (as originally published by politico I think) is terrible journalism, and does more to mislead readers than Carson did in his book. Military academies offer tuition as part of their acceptance. It sounded like he was essentially told that with his grades etc he would get in for sure, and instead he chose not to pursue that route. That's the equivalent of turning down an opportunity for a scholarship, albeit unofficially.

There are plenty of things that Carson says/does that should make Americans go nuts, but this is not one of those things.
The Politico article has been edited to remove anything of substance:

* Carson didn't say he applied
* The military has been known to reach out to standout ROTC members with an offer of admission
* Even Westpoint calls them "free scholarships"

FYI - I am not a Carson supporter, but most people are this thread are ridiculous. 
Absolutely not a Carson fan. However - some general (maybe not Westmorland) at an event ( whenever or if it happened) could have said to an ROTC cadet with a very good high school record. "I can get you an appointment to West Point. How would you like that?" That is NOT the same thing as an appointment. An actual appointment requires things like minimum SAT scores, good conduct as a kid ( no run ins with the law or social services) several personal interviews, An actual application to the academy ***AND*** the nomination from the General before he will even be considered for an actual appointment. He never applied, so of course there is no application on file for him. If you look, I'm sure you can find far better reasons to not vote for this clown than some hype by a supposed reporter who has no clue (and doesn't even seem to know about Google for checking things)  what an appointment to a Military Academy really entails
I wonder how long the, "he's our black guy, he's religious and stuff, so we love him," will last with the Rep base?
Tuition, Room, and Board are free at West Point.  Why did he need a scholarship to attend?
How many times is this fucking propaganda going to be auto-upvoted to the front page?

Carson didn't lie about this. I wouldn't vote for the guy if held at gun-point, but seriously, why do we have to stoop so low? 

Edit: since reddit seems hell-bent on circlejerking a lie, here you go:

**for example:** http://www.dailywire.com/news/960/no-ben-carson-didnt-lie-about-west-point-its-ben-shapiro

&gt;The facts reported by Politico don’t even support this interpretation of the Carson campaign’s response. According to Politico, Carson said in his 1992 memoir Gifted Hands that he was offered a “full scholarship” to West Point after dining with General William Westmoreland in 1969. Here’s the relevant passage from Carson’s autobiography:

&gt;*At the end of my twelfth grade I marched at the head of the Memorial Day parade. I felt so proud, my chest bursting with ribbons and braids of every kind. To make it more wonderful, We had important visitors that day. Two soldiers who had won the Congressional Medal of Honor in Viet Nam were present. More exciting to me, General William Westmoreland (very prominent in the Viet Nam war) attended with an impressive entourage. Afterward, Sgt. Hunt introduced me to General Westmoreland, and I had dinner with him and the Congressional Medal winners. Later I was offered a full scholarship to West Point. I didn’t refuse the scholarship outright, but I let them know that a military career wasn’t where I saw myself going.*

&gt;That’s the entire relevant portion of Carson’s account. He reiterated that account last month in an interview with Charlie Rose, when he said, “I was offered a full scholarship at West Point, got to meet General Westmoreland and go to Congressional Medal of Honor dinners. But decided really my pathway would be medicine.”

&gt;Politico followed up on this story. They reported one additional piece of information that seems to conflict with Carson’s story: Carson never applied to West Point, and was never extended admission.

&gt;**But Carson never said he applied. He said he was extended a full scholarship offer. What’s more, West Point doesn’t offer scholarships: all admission is free contingent on serving in the military afterwards. It thus seems probable that Westmoreland or another military figure tried to recruit Carson, telling him that he wouldn’t have to pay for his education – and that Carson read that as a “full scholarship,” and never applied.**

&gt;In fact, that’s exactly what Carson’s campaign manager said to Politico in an email:

&gt;"Dr. Carson was the top ROTC student in the City of Detroit. In that role he was invited to meet General Westmoreland. He believes it was at a banquet. He can’t remember with specificity their brief conversation but it centered around Dr. Carson’s performance as ROTC City Executive Officer. He was introduced to folks from West Point by his ROTC Supervisors. They told him they could help him get an appointment based on his grades and performance in ROTC. He considered it but in the end did not seek admission."

&gt;But here’s how Politico editorialized: “When presented with this evidence, Carson’s campaign conceded the story was false.”

&gt;That’s nonsense. They did no such thing. They provided details that corroborated Carson’s story and explained his loose use of the language. **If someone told you that you could go to college for free, you might reasonably conclude that you had been offered a full scholarship to attend that university. But Politico would call you a liar if you used such language to describe the exchange.**
[deleted]
You guys are pathological. Even the original source Politico has backed off this story with a correction and editors note and changed title, but once r/politics gets hold of a circlejerk you just do not let go do you.
the “offer” that was communicated to Carson by recruiters was the promise of acceptance to West Point, which recruiters sometimes do with top students—especially when they have the backing of a top military leader such as Westmoreland. 
Funny how all the Carson news pops up the same time he over takes Trump in polling 

At the same time, Trump has been entirely out of the spotlight

Forgetting Carson for a moment, just remember there are no coincidences, and money talks.
I'm voting for Bernie, but why does anyone care about this? 

He wrote a from-memory memoir long before he was thinking about scoring political points for a presidential campaign. I would expect better from Reddit than to have this non-news on the front page two days in a row. You are no better than the media you despise.
Not being admitted has nothing to do with being offered a scholarship. Of course he didn't get admitted if he didn't apply. 

*Think.*
ITT: people regurgitating the same line they read on huff po yesterday 
You are all picking on him by holding him accountable to things published in a book he put his name to.

* It is ok for him to drive tired.

* It is ok for him to claim he was a violent knife wielding kid killer.

* It is ok for him to claim he told a robber to shoot the other guy.

* It is ok for him to claim pyramids were grain stores made by Josph's dream coat. 

* It is ok for him to claim he denied the non offer of a scholarship from the USMA who are tuition free. 

It is ok for all of that because he is a Republican and how dare you question him on any of it?
Can we just all agree this guy is not a serious candidate?  Republicans better figure this out before their serious candidates (Kasich, Christie, Bush, maybe Rubio) get buried by the clowns.
you idiots going after him for this non-story are going to give him ammo to use against legit things.  now he can say the press goes after him unfairly, and in this case it's true
[deleted]
The Democrats support the morally corrupt Clintons and slam Carson with this stupidity.  It would pain me to death to be associated with the Democratic Party. 
Already admitted to be a made up hit piece, I don't know why you continue to trust "journalists".
http://money.cnn.com/2015/11/06/media/ben-carson-politico-west-point/

Hmm...
Can you even get less then a full scholarship to a US military academy? Isn't it free if you get in?
This man is a gifted surgeon, but if you think that or the ideas he's put forth so far qualify him to be president, it's time to pull your head out of your ass and join the rest of us in the real world.
His book literally includes a chapter about a time God gave him the answers to a chemistry final. I mean that.  I'm reading it right now.  God comes to him in a dream and writes out all the questions for the test he isn't prepared for.  And somehow, the the thing people are harping on is that he was told he could go to school for free and he translated that into "I was offered a full scholarship." 
Anybody who goes to the US military academy automatically gets a full ride scholarship.
i think the way well decide who will be the republican candidate is that theyl all drop out after  doing or saying something as dumb as this and eventually there will be only one left
He's not just lying, he's trying to create an entirely fake narrative. Remember how he said he used to be violent and he stabbed someone but then turned to Jesus and it was all okay? CNN uncovered that none of his childhood friends recall him being as violent and reckless as he claims.

The question is, what's the incentive for trying to fabricate such a story? Does he think it will help him beat Trump?
So the way I understand it, all Carson has said about the matter is that when he was in JROTC, his superiors put him in contact with a general, who over dinner told Carson that if he wanted to, he could go to west point. Although West Point doesn't offer "full scholarships" anyone who is accepted has their schooling paid for by the government in return for military service after the cadet has graduated. So more or less, having a general in the United States Army tell you that if you want, you can go to the United States Military Academy is effectively an offer of a full ride to West Point. 
Love how the left wingnuts are still trying desperately to make an issue out of this non-issue. He was offered a free ride and turned it down - that is all. There literally is nothing to see here.
You know, that's awful and all, no one likes Carson, yada yada yada... But your entire post history is submissions trumpeting Clinton and calling out Carson.  

Can I  assume you're getting paid to do this?
What's the deal with this? You can be offered a full ride to any school in the country without ever applying
This will likely get buried, but this is really a perfect example of a political Rorschach test--people are seeing exactly what they want to see here.  Liberals are interpreting this as evidence that Carson is a straight up liar, and conservatives are responding that this is a hit job by the liberal media.  Here are the facts:

In Ben Carson's 1990 book, Gifted Hands, he describes his involvement in high school ROTC (pp. [67-8](https://twitter.com/BenjySarlin/status/662676404560134144/photo/1?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw)):

"At the end of my twelfth grade I marched at the head of the Memorial Day parade.  I felt so proud, my chest bursting with ribbons and braids of every kind.  To make it more wonderful, we had important visitors that day.  Two soldiers who had won the Congressional Medal of Honor in Viet Nam were present.  More exciting to me, General William Westmoreland (very prominent in the Viet Nam war) attended with an impressive entourage.  Afterward, Sgt. Hunt introduced me to General Westmoreland, and I had dinner with him and the Congressional Medal Winners.  **Later I was offered a full scholarship to West Point.**

I didn't refuse the **scholarship** outright, but I let them know that a military career wasn't where I saw myself going.  As overjoyed as I felt to be offered such a **scholarship**, I wasn't really tempted.  The **scholarship** would have obligated me to spend four years in the military service after I finished college, precluding my chances to go on to medical school.  I knew my direction--I wanted to be a doctor, and nothing would divert me or stand in the way.  

Of course the offer of a **full scholarship** flattered me...."

- So he refers to a "scholarship" or "full scholarship" to West Point at least five separate times in the book.

- West Point does not offer scholarships, because it does not charge tuition.  If you get in, it's free.

- Westmoreland was apparently not in Detroit on the date Carson claims to have had dinner with him (around Memorial Day).  However, he was in Detroit several months earlier and attended a banquet that it's possible Carson also attended.

- Carson never applied to West Point.

- Carson never received an offer of acceptance/scholarship/whatever you want to call it from West Point, since he would have had to apply first.

To me, this seems pretty straightforward.  Carson was a top student in the ROTC, and a minority.  I'll give him the benefit of the doubt that he did in fact attend a banquet with Westmoreland and simply forget precisely when it was, and conflated the dates when writing about it over 2 decades later.  At around the same time, Carson would have been discussing his college options with various people, including his ROTC commander; perhaps he even discussed it with Westmoreland himself at the banquet.  During these conversations, it's reasonable to believe that Carson was informally encouraged to apply to West Point by certain military authority figures in his life--something like, "With your record, we could certainly get you an appointment, and of course you wouldn't have to pay any tuition."

A school where tuition is free is not the same as a scholarship, and an informal discussion is not the same as an offer.  So by referring to an "offer" of a "full scholarship," Carson was clearly playing a little fast and loose with language, and he did it multiple times in the book.  

But does that make him a liar?  Meh.  It makes him a bit of a bullshit artist and an exaggerator, but many, many people do that to some extent when recounting personal anecdotes.  I think Politico is right to call him out on it, because that is an important distinction, and it fits in with a larger pattern of Carson painting an exaggerated picture of his younger self (e.g. his repeated claims that he was a tough kid who stabbed somebody, despite the fact that everyone who knew him at that time remembers him as a soft-spoken, nerdy kid).  So there's no media conspiracy here; what Politico did was legit journalism.  But the 'full scholarship' vs. 'free' / 'offer' vs. 'encouraged to apply' thing doesn't really make him a *liar* in my opinion.  

Also, notice he says that he "didn't refuse the scholarship outright", which only makes sense if you realize that the scholarship never really existed in a formal sense.  If he had been offered the scholarship and didn't take it, then that would have been an outright refusal.  I think that's his way of saying "they basically offered this thing to me, but I told them I wasn't really interested, so that was the end of it."  It's misleading, because there must be some other people out there who actually did go through the process of applying to and getting accepted to West Point but turned it down, and Ben Carson isn't one of them, but he's conflating the two.  But there are lots of other things about Ben Carson that are way, way worse in my opinion.
MORE CARSON LIES!!

In his book he wrote: " I felt so proud, my chest bursting with ribbons and braids of every kind."

It has now been discovered that his chest did NOT bear EVERY kind of ribbon and braid, just SOME kinds.  Worse, his chest didn't burst at all.  In fact, it is intact to this day.  What a lying liar!
You can tell the article is misleading by the way they word it.

"He did not apply despite claiming he had full scholarship offer"

Uhm you don't need to apply to get a scholaryship and you didn't even address this ABC you just made up some stupid lie. This is why Ben Carson is popular its because he can just say look at this bias in the media and everyone knows the media is shit.
Low information voter subreddit
You don't have to apply to get a scholarship offer...
Stop focusing on **what** he said, and start focusing on **why** he said it. The pandering and inability for a candidate to say "You know what, I'm not an expert at this particular aspect, I know that, but these are the people I listen to" is the biggest problem for me. 


Ben Carson is being used as a target to keep Trump's attention off the 'real' candidates.
There are literally no scholarships to West Point. You're forgetting that part of the story OP.
From what I'm reading in that article, it doesn't sound like he lied. Still a cunt though.

I think everyone is missing the fact that West Point does not charge tuition or room and board. All students are obligated to serve in the US Army after graduation. What type of scholarship did he receive if it is already free?
Can someone who watches TV tell me how much this is being covered?
But he did discover electricity, right?
If a Democrat and/or a news anchor did this, the conservatives would be up in fucking arms about it.
*well he never gonna be president now* 

  *never gonna be president now*

*never gonna be president now* 

*never gonna be president now*

*just one less thing to worry aboout*

*one less thing to worry about*
Carson is one of those people who is extremely smart in one area, but has very little ability in anything else.
Usually we don't find our people are pathological liars until after they become president.
And anyone who would be voting for Carson simply does not care. At this point he could say the sun travels around the earth, and he knows this because he personally went there (he went at night... lets not get ridiculous now) and met Jesus, and the people who would vote for Carson now would still vote for him and deflect any attacks as "liberal media bias"  
I don't get this guy...  he seems so unbelievably intelligent. Much more intelligent than me - and yet he makes such silly statements sometimes..


Dude made everything up and it's surprising that so many people believe his shit.

Like there are people saw how bat shit crazy he is but the ones that didn't see that was still a fucking lot, enough for him to be 2nd in running for Republican party.

Popeye organization + Vegan. Yeaaah.
When a new GOP candidate bubbles up to the top, we discover all these problems with them, and that friction brings them back down to the bottom of the pool. This happened in '12, and it's happening again this time.
But he definitely completed ET on the Atari 2600, right?
O man that title.  Lol.
[It turns out they did offer scholarships](http://imgur.com/a/fKXLi)
http://imgur.com/qwLmwOT   &lt;Any chance this is a doctored photo? I saw this today on my facebook. Can't tell if it's real though. Can we do some digging?
This is the Brian Williams story playing out. 

Maybe at some point someone told Carson he could probably get into West Point. Maybe it was a military person that said that. But Carson has incorporated this into his personal "narrative" in a way that is much less murky -- he flat out says things like "I still had the scholarship offer from West Point as a result of my R.O.T.C. achievements." He says it in this way because it sounds a lot better. Just like Brian Williams told his story -- which was based on events that really happened -- in a way that put him at the center of something much more interesting.

It's silly to split hairs about whether "full scholarships" exist or not, or whether someone said something specific to him or not. He has repeatedly told this story in a certain way for a reason, and that's what we should look at and care (or not care) about.
Well semantically West Point offers a full scholarship to EVERYONE.  You just have to complete the application and be accepted.
I'd like to hear why any literate person even likes this guy. 
No. He wrote that he was *offered* a full scholarship. He didn't accept it because he wanted to go to medical school, and he never said he accepted it. Why is that so difficult to understand? It's a non-issue. Get over it. If you want to investigate lies then investigate Hillary. She hasn't told the truth in 60 years - plenty of fodder there.
In the GOP race, if you don't lie, you can't be in it. 
I love how this hazy recollection by Carson disqualifies him, yet all the crazy lies and corrupt shit by Clinton gets completely ignored. 
He is a sociopath. He is dangerous.
it doesnt matter because his supporters dont take kindly to book readin and never saw it.
https://www.conservativereview.com/commentary/2015/11/politico-is-lying-about-ben-carson
And Barack Obama told his literary agent he was born in Kenya, giving birth to the birther conspiracy theory decades before his candidacy. 
Most people would have said, that they probably could have gotten into Westpoint and gotten a full scholarship (I know, WP doesn't call it that). And then that person would elaborate about that and most people would not have any problem accepting the assertion even though it is possible that he would not be accepted, especially given his self-proclaimed violent youth. 

But Ben Carson stretched the truth to the point of a lie implying he applied to West Point, was accepted with a full scholarship. This is plain and simple a lie. 
the vicious attacks on this guy from the left and the liberal media... really disgusting. you HATE that he's a black conservative. You HATE that he's a living, breathing, walking contradiction to your ideologies that black ppl are oppressed. You call him "uncle tom" and "traitor" all because he's black and doesn't fit your expectations of a black man. Instead of praising him for being a successful black man, you shit all over him and make fun of his voice, his looks, his demeanor, you downplay his achievements and throw mud at him. You HATE that he's a successful black conservative that made no excuses and didn't play the victim role in life. You HATE that he touts the conservative principles that made him successful. You HATE that he's a virtuous Christian man. God forbid he believes in the Bible!!

How come there wasn't this kind of attack on Obama when he was running? How come it was nothing but dick sucking and ass kissing about how "historic" he was? I'll tell you why. Because it really has nothing to do with black empowerment. If it did, guys like Larry Wilmore, Trevor Noah, and other liberals would be endlessly proud of this guy. Carson is MORE BLACK than Obama if you wanna get technical. He was raised in a Detroit hood with little prospects for hope and success. He came from a hard background and became a goddamn brain surgeon for kids. Obama was raised by white people in a white environment in Hawaii and got to travel to the Philippines and shit as a kid. The guy is about as black as a white board. 

If this was REALLY about civil rights and black empowerment for these black commentators and liberals, then they would be happy for him. But it goes to show it's all about their liberal agenda. Party first, morals second. Just like how they do it in communist nations. Party first. Everything else second. 

Also, Carson is right, how come Obama's academic records are still sealed and no one gives a fuck? I'll tell you why. BECAUSE the liberal media defends their sacred cows no matter what. Admit it. 
This guy is a pathological liar. Has some large portion of our society become so cynical about lying politicians that they are willing to support the guy with the best imagination? 
This is the exact quote from his 1996 book. “I was offered a full scholarship to West Point. I didn’t refuse the scholarship outright, but I let them know that a military career wasn’t where I saw myself going. As overjoyed as I felt to be offered such a scholarship, I wasn’t really tempted.”  Since West Point does not offer scholarships, and they just don't offer entrance to people, you have to actually apply, which Carson did not, I don't see how anyone can say this is not a blatant lie. 
Meh, just the media digging until they find something the same thing with Hillary's email server.
What scares me the most is that he is a liar, a literal creationist and creeps me out. The worst part is as soon as people heard these things his popularity grew! 
I'm beginning to doubt it he's even a surgeon.
What a fucking asshole. 
This again? You're late to the party, this was interesting when Politico ran the story yesterday (two days ago?) and then other news outlets either ran the same thing or did some research and ran a story explaining why Politico messed up.

http://money.cnn.com/2015/11/06/media/ben-carson-politico-west-point/index.html
I'm not defending Carson, but it *is" possible to get still scholarship offers from schools to which you didn't apply. Ask any national merit scholar how many offers they got.
As a vet, I consider this a case of stolen valor.
I CAN'T WAIT to hear him explain this away in the next GOP debate. *grabs popcorn*
Why does he feel the need to make shit up, isn't famous neurosurgeon enough?
I'm not defending Carson, but I don't believe the majority of people here understand how West Point works. West Point is a (mostly) free school that is damn near impossible to get into. However, if you apply and manage to get in, almost everything other than books are free on the premise that after you graduate you will spend AT LEAST four years in the military. This could indeed be described as a scholarship in some way, though it would really be better to call it the G.I. Bill in advance. 

Now, Carson did not get a scholarship to West Point because those don't exist (at least not to my knowledge), but it wouldn't surprise me if someone tried to tempt him into joining the school in hopes that he might make a great military officer.
G'bye, Ben. There's always a future for you in Egyptology.
Why does this guy lie about everything to do with his past? How can he honestly expect to get anywhere in this race with his constant fibbing?
He actually didn't lie about the meeting with the general, it was just more of a group meeting than individual..
Why would you need a scholarship to a school that free? Am I incorrect that it is tuition to attend West Point is covered by the government with the agreement that you serve afterwards? 
Nice knowing you Ben. 

Well not really, but you get what I mean.
Why would he lie about this? How stupid
You think maybe he might have early onset dementia?  He is 64.
Someone should tell him that you go to hell for lying the same as for stealing.
Also happens to be the worst book I was ever forced to read.
So what? Politicians embellished their pasts all the time. They're born liars. I am sure there is shit that other republicans and the democrats have lied about. 

The only reason why people are making such a big deal about this is because he is near the top of the polls. Welcome to politics people.
This is why I'm voting for Bernie Sanders.
I'm glad his Bryan Williams-esque lying is going to disqualify him from contention, because if it did not, we'd have one of the most regressive candidates out there in major contention for the executive. He panders really hard to the most pathetically ill-informed components of the far right--the climate deniers, the pro-lifers, keeping Gitmo open forever, and, worst of all considering he is a medical professional, scrapping ObamaCare and replacing it with unlimited medical price gouging and debt.
I'm going to confess my ignorance and admit that I'm a bit confused here.  Earlier, there was a blog (I think politico or HuffPo?) that broke the story, but was then debunked by another news article.  Now ABC is reporting this same story.....

Who exactly is saying what?

(That said, I'm a bit biased against Carson, because I see him as a soft-spoken version of... well, Trump.  Just with a bit less self-aggrandizement.)
After what happened to Gore, you would think these people would have learned that any sentence which is even open to interpretation will be used to destroy you.
ITT: people claiming that maybe Carson was offered West Point forget that this whole thread started because the Carson campaign has officially said it isn't true and they are making a retraction.  Carson's own people are denouncing it as not being true.

Nothing left to debate over it happening. It didn't.
The whole thing reads like a post on /r/thathappened.
I do not like him and am not defending him, but not applying does not preclude scholarships. When I was in HS in Arkansas, I wanted to go elsewhere, but figured the UofA would be a decent backup, so, when signing up for the ACT exam, I listed Arkansas as a school to which my scores should be automatically sent. 

They got my scores and offered me a full ride plus stipend.  I turned it down for my top choice, but I was absolutely offered a scholarship without having applied or been accepted. 

Again, Carson seems to be full of shit, but not applying is not proof positive of a lack of scholarship offer. 
One would think; by this he opens mouth, inserts foot! 
At this point, I think we should check to make sure that guy is actually black.
I question how a person who has a tendency to stretch the truth at times seriously thinks he has a good shot at being President. Voters from both sides of the aisle more than likely won't vote for someone they feel they can't trust.
Politico made the original statement and did not source the comment from any specific person.  Take it as you will but without a real source and just using a blanket one take it with a grain of salt. http://gawker.com/ben-carson-denies-admitting-fabrication-to-politico-1741060949?trending_test_e&amp;utm_expid=66866090-62.H_y_0o51QhmMY_tue7bevQ.5&amp;utm_referrer=http%3A%2F%2Fgawker.com%2Ftag%2Fben-carson%3Ftrending_test_e
I asume all the military academies are the same in that you can't actually pay to attend.  If accepted it is "free" in return for a service commitment of 4 years.
In his book he actually writes that he was offered a scholarship when he met the dean but had never actually applied though. 
I actually don't believe the hype about this guys brain surgery stint either
i'll leave this here as another problem with this story.

https://twitter.com/kumailn/status/663080292781961216
 "If you choose not to believe it, if it doesn’t fit the narrative that you want, that’s fine. Let’s let the American people decide.”

Yes Carson, let us decide. We have decided you're bat shit crazy. 
Dooooooouchebaaaaaaaag.
America 1776 - 2008: Retire from the race in shame, never heard from again.

America 2008 - present: I'll quit once I secure that Fox News job offer.
Lol.
Did anyone read the article? If you're in the military and you get accepted into West Point you get a free ride. While that is semantically not the same thing as "being offered a scholarship", for all intents and purposes it's exactly the same thing. His military friends said that they would "take care of his acceptance", and he met with people and chose not to pursue it. If he had an "in" into West Point, then that's the same thing has having a full scholarship. Carson didn't lie and this is nothing more than a semantic attack.
He was extended an invitation to join the military and study at West Point. He turned it down because he wanted to study medicine at Yale. He never claimed that he went to West Point. That's bullshit, and I'm honestly surprised that after 7 hours none of the top comments cite his original statement.

&gt;Afterward, Sgt. Hunt introduced me to General Westmoreland, and I had dinner with him and the Congressional Medal winners. Later I was offered a full scholarship to West Point. I didn’t refuse the scholarship outright, but I let them know that a military career wasn’t where I saw myself going.

 If someone told you that you could go to college for free, you might reasonably conclude that you had been offered a full scholarship to attend that university. But Reddit would call you a liar if you used such language to describe the exchange.
Don't students at that school already get a full ride?
Carson has said way more whacky stuff than this but you add them up and...  
(also, was the book editor just passing through a quote or should they have flagged the "full scholarship" bit?
Their is no better liar than a pious Christian liar.
Look here's the thing: Carson's account in his book isn't accurate. Wesmoreland wasn't in Detroit that day. West Point doesn't give out scholarships, so no one could have offered him one.

So at least, Carson misinterpreted/misremembered what happened. 

But the thing is, Carson clearly has made up shit about his life before--or at least seriously embellished things. If this had been the only story, I'd say give him a pass--it was a long time ago, it happens. 

A week or so ago he stood on a stage in front of a national TV audience and told a bold lie that he had no connection with a snake oil supplement company that he clearly has a connection with. It appears he made up a story about being held up at a Popeye Chicken, and a few other childhood stories from his book seem suspect.

So forgive me if I am not willing to give him the benefit of the doubt on this West Point story. Like I said, what he wrote in his book clearly didn't happen. I just think his past behavior suggests the inaccuracy was intentional not a case of confusion.
I do not believe that he ever applied... thus he was never admitted....
Westpoint charges no tuition - instead there is 10 years of service....

Hey, but the Benghazi attack (on 9/11) wasn't terrorism, it was due to a youtube video, and no classified emails went through Hillary's servers...
How did we go from Obama to this?
One day we'll learn he isn't even a surgeon.
It doesn't matter if these things never happened as long as Carson *believes* that they happened.
We're sure one has to be "admitted" to a school to have been afforded a tuition-free experience?
How does one get a full scholarship offer to West Point . . . it's free to attend if you get it
What's worse is that some half-assed relationship to a military school is apparently a magical seal of approval from the right. Didn't Trump do this same kind of pandering a few weeks back?
Breitbart is, naturally, criticising CNN for actually pursuing lie after lie told by this single sociopath who is apparently less adept at understanding humans than the other sociopaths on his ticket.
You're not given a scholarship to a service academy per say. There is no tuition to be covered by a scholarship. The schools are funded by the defense budget.
Too bad conservatives don't see an issue with habitually playing loose with facts and evidence. This is how we end up in made-up conflicts like Iraq. 
It's impossible to be offered a scholarship to the USMA because it is a completely tuition free, federal service academy. Same with the Air Force Academy and the Naval Academy
If I am not mistaken, I thought all tuition was covered at the military academies in the the US. You pay your tuition back with your service after graduation. 
"He jumps 10% in the polls"
&gt;  if it doesn’t fit the narrative that you want, that’s fine. Let’s let the American people decide

It absolutely doesn't fit the narrative I want.  The narrative I want is one in which a serious contender for one of the parties' nominations isn't vehemently trying to prove his honesty by asserting the truth of stories of trying to hit his mother with a hammer or trying to stab close relatives.
I'm just glad I don't have broadcast news coming into my house any more. Jesus fuck, those talking heads were atrocious.

Also, fuck Ben Carson.
I thought that you got an appointment to the Military Academies? Tuition paid by you and me.
He's totally gonna stop lying now, though.  So he's cool.  He get's stabby if you piss him off, so let's just let him have this one.
Ya know, I would like to hear about another candidate, there is more than one right? 
Correct me if I'm wrong, but there are no scholarships to service academies, right? I thought cadets at West Point, Annapolis and the Air Force Academy didn't pay tuition. 
/r/shitbencarsonsays
His "gifted hands" really let him down here. They should have pressed the delete button on a number of paragraphs before saving this document.
As a side note, is there a situation where you pay to go to west point. Seems like any admission there would be free since you're going into the military anyway. 
I think his pyramid and momma stabbing stories are more relevant.  It's pretty clear he was a shoo in for West Point if he wanted to go.  Which was the gist of his statements on the matter.
Those two things are not contradictory.
I wouldn't be shocked if Ben Carson was diagnosed with autism.
http://i.imgur.com/CT1SVqR.jpg
I had a question, He wants Obama's academic records "unsealed"... but has he released his own transcripts?
You know, Carson should have accepted that appointment to West Point...that way he could have saved Hillary and Chelsea from the sniper fire when they landed in one of those corkscrew landings and ran out because they said there might be sniper fire. Brian Williams...call your office.
Is nobody going to say anything about the retraction? 
He lied. He made it up. Whatever. He's so not presidential material.
Uh, ABC? You don't need to apply and be admitted to be offered a full scholarship to West Point. 

Literally every single person invited to apply to West Point is offered a full scholarship. 

It's almost as if the drive-by media isn't even trying anymore . . . 
I'll bet Clinton has never lied. 
Filthy Hands
Now that we got everyone talking about liars, how about that Hillary Clinton. I'll wait ...
What bothers me about this most is that we only hear about the negative stuff on the Republican side. How come we never see links about the Democrats? They're no saints either. 
Man the Republican party is such a joke.
Yay, a full scholarship from West Point.     
Just like every cadet at every service academy receives.     
Does he brag about getting free water from the rain, too?
"...the words are inaccurate." This is also known as lying, perhaps by omission but lying.  
"Let the American people decide."  
OK. Nope.
The funniest part is how stupid a lie it is. There's no such thing as a "scholarship" at the US military academies. There is no tuition. They're fully tax payer funded. 

Coupled with the dubious KFC robbery story, it really makes him look like a real jackass. WTF is wrong with the GOP? How is this ass-hat at the the top of the polls? Trump I can sort of understand, not abide, but understand his popularity. But, Carson seems to be the next in a growing wall of lame for the GOP, in good company with Bachman and that "shucky ducky" idiot from the last cycle.
Full scholarship offer. OFFER. He said he was offered a scholarship, he didn't say he applied. Fuckwits
NOBODY gets a scholarship to West Point...it's FREE to attend.  You "pay" for West Point by doing 5 years of active duty and 3 years of reserve after that.  That is the minimum commitment.

Further, someone can't just get you "in on the side" you need the nomination by a congressman, a senator, or the vice president.  

Carson's entire West Point story is a bunch of bullshit. 
I'm no fan of Carson, but there's this. 

http://thefederalist.com/2015/11/06/politico-admits-fabricating-a-hit-piece-on-ben-carson/
When the Ancient One died, Ben Carson was actually first in line to take on the title of Sorcerer Supreme, but he turned it down. It's in his book. Somewhere toward the back.
But he did save that baby from the burning building.
Also it's free to go there already so you don't really need a scholarship.
Ya busted.
People who would support him will not give a shit either way. 
If the left ran crooked Hillary through the grinder we'd have Bernie. Guess that's what happens when Time Warner runs your campaign/foundation.
Who are the morons who support this lier
The dude is crazy 
And then of course there is the whole pyramid thing .....
Personally, it is these types of stories that prop up Ben Carson.  If we didn't talk about him at all, he would be irrelevant.  Now he is front page news.  It is the same with Trump, he got a lot of exposure on his immigration comments.

...  

Nobody is talking about Rubio or Paul
This man is a lying hack trying to sell books, not to become president. 

And he is #2 in the race for the GOP nomination. How the fuck do we take that political party seriously when this is the case?! I'm normally very non-partisan - I'll vote R just as fast as D or I or LMNOPQ if I need to if I think a candidate is a good match for the job and will authentically represent me, but get your shit together GOP.
Lying fuck.
Sounds a bit like Reddit is blowing this out of proportion. He could have met the guy and been offered to attend the school. He never said he applied or attended. :|
Folks the real scandal here is that he things *almost* going to West Point is some kind of accomplishment in the first place. 
If you are caught lying *before* you become president, your campaign is kinda fucked.
it is unbelievable to me to read people on the right try and defend this as a "liberal media" smear campaign. Nixon said the same thing in early days of Watergate.
I know this won't been seen by many people but for the record, damn I am loving this year's Republican race, what a bunch of freaks. 

I'm not really big in to politics but these loons I will watch over many other entertainment options.

On a more somber note, how the fuck did it come to this? Trump and now some lying hyper religious whack job that thinks the pyramids were for grain storage are the top candidates this country can muster on the Republican side? Is the whole country on candid camera or something?
 
Why are none of the people from Carson's high school years coming forward to substantiate Carson's claims?
I'm confused, he never said that he got admitted or that he applied so where is the lie exactly? I understand it wasn't a scholarship but he would've attended for free so same difference right?
Now just imagine if a Democratic candidate was caught in a similar lie.
A lying politician who is a leader in the polls?  That never happens!
And guess what. If it comes down to Hillary and this guy. I'll vote for him. 
How is he not in prison?

Or at least how did his career not instantly end?
I have no idea what my SAT scores were but they were good enough that I got invited to a local Senators Dinner for West Point applicants.  My grades were horrific so I was not going to West Point no matter what so I did not reply to the invitation.

BUT I TELL EVERYONE ABOUT IT.

I WAS ASKED TO GO TO WEST POINT.

BUT I DECLINED!  HOW BADASS IS THAT?!?!?

I think maybe Ben Carson and I share some personality traits.
So?
It's time we elect an honest politician like hillary. 
My mom is a clinical psychologist who also loves to watch politics.  She's been telling me that Dr. Ben has a LOT of repressed anger, regardless of the persona that exhibits.
Republicans don't care if their candidates are liars. 
How anyone in the Republican party can even consider voting for this guy amazes me. Such ignorance, he is a manipulative liar and will say anything to try and be president. He does not deserve to be president whatsoever. When this guy sits here and makes Trump look good, you know he is a terrible choice.
From the trends in the graph, it seems likely that the 0.1% has surpassed the 90% since 2012. But the big picture is telling - in 1986, the 90% had nearly 4 times the wealth of the top 0.1%.

The economic system is rigged against most of us. And it will be tough to get that changed while the 0.1% can spend unlimited sums to influence our voting.
&gt;they are exhausted from working 60 or 70 years a week.

I'd be exhausted too
He throws out so many of these statistics that I become almost numb to them, and then I sit down and really look at what one of them means, and... Shit, man. 

I mean, 0.1% have as much as the bottom 90%? Imagine an island with 1000 people, and one guy has as much as 900 others *combined*. Can you imagine? The one guy would be a king of kings, with an army of minions. It's mindboggling that America is like that. 
If I have $10 and 0 debts, I have more wealth than the bottom 25% combined
Notice that the only other time the wealth of the top % surpassed that of the bottom was during the Great Depression 
This is even more telling.  A little bit ago people were asked their perceptions, and they perceived that the top 10% (or something larger) held 90% of the wealth.  The reality is even worse than people perceive.
We were told to stop complaining about economic policies funneling money to the rich, because of trickle-down economics. Now that we know that doesn't work, we're supposed to avoid complaining about the uneven distribution of wealth anyway, because they "earned it." 
A point that gets lost in the conversation that needs to be highlighted is that this isn't an "anti-capitalism", "all rich people are evil" kind of position.  It needs to be said that folks should have the right to earn as much as they can, with the overriding principle that it isn't at the expense of others.

When people are laid off so a company can make another record quarter for its shareholders; that's wrong.  A majority suffer so a handful can do well.  When backdoor deals are made so people can leverage their influence, power, or wealth to gain more; that's wrong.  The access to varying means of advancement being withheld; that's wrong.  When people that earn more in a year than most could every accrue in a lifetime - hid it away, and don't pay back into the nation that gifted them the opportunity to earn it; that's wrong.

All of this is very bad over the long term.  It isn't a sustainable way to operate as a society/economy.  The more we go in that direction, the bigger the fall out will eventually be.

Again, it's worth stating that people shouldn't be aiming their sites on this issue because they're wealthy.  That seems to be the talking point and easily fish tails into an "Anti-American" counter point.  The point that needs to be made is that people are rising to the top and push others down to do so.  If the  .1% vs 90% figures were true, but the middle class figures were either stable or rising, then there really isn't too much of a problem.  The reality is that the Reagan 'trickle down' theory is nice on paper, but in practice is not real.
Bernie Sanders wont even win the primary because you fucks wont leave your computer chairs long enough to go vote. Prove me wrong
This is why I'm voting for Bernie Sanders.
Did he do his speech on democratic socialism yesterday?
&gt;working 60 or 70 years a week

Thats a lot of work in a short time period.
For some perspective, the time in the 1920's-30's where the 0.1% had significantly more is also the time when men like Rockefeller and Ford (the first hyper-rich men) had monopolies on their respective industries.

The Richest 0.1% are getting very close to having that much again.
And the .1% is the problem. I've always found the 1% talking point to be quite annoying, because that's the exact number the .1% want everyone to use. 
why aren't more people more upset about this?  

Don't worry, guys, according to the Right any minute now it'll *allll* come trickling down. just keep your mouth open—wait for it...

OK. So Bernie's right. The question becomes, what are "we the people" willing to do about it? Folks died in the sixties to protect our citizens right to life (not to have to serve in a useless war), and way of life. Would you be willing to make the ultimate sacrifice to preserve democracy? The ultra-rich don't seem to be helping our country much right now. The tax system, government, finance and most of everything else is tipping in "their" favor, not ours. It's time for a revolutionary change in the middle class. Have the courage to encourage your friends and family to vote this cycle, and then make sure to do it yourself! It's the one thing that truly separates us from the third world zealots and war mongers. Oh yeah, the mess in the middle east is about the dysfunction in tribal mentality religion. Doesn't matter what religion, it's all dysfunctional and isn't helping much right now. Tell the imams, priests, ministers, rabbis, Etc to start preaching peace and stay out of politics. They don't help much when they "whip" a little religion on the flock. Respectfully, this is just one middle class manics humble opinion. Go Bernie! 
I'm probably voicing an unpopular idea here but isn't it the basis of capitalism the accumulation of wealth through capital? The more wealth you have, the easier it is to invest that wealth and the easier it is to gain more wealth. Doesn't seem like a big problem to me. I think the more interesting comparison would be the standards of living from the 80s to today. 
He's right but not enough Americans will vote for him as the American dream tells them they will soon be in the 0.1 percent. Hell of a lie.
as someone that doesnt live in the US at all, but is well concerned about its economical present and past, I believe that Bernie Sanders is like the best option that you guys have for a president...
I shared this article to Facebook.  
Within a few minutes I got a single reply from my grandmother:

&gt; Would that be because most of them worked for it?
I really don't care about amassed wealth with rich families then I do as much as annual income discrepancies.  Those are the statistics I'd be much more interested in.  If we're that concerned about wealth that has been maintained over generations, and having a rich political ruling class, then adjust the estate tax laws.  Estate tax laws traditionally don't have a significant impact on tax revenue, so the wealth saved up is a non-issue to me.
I've read about some of these people basically living in their own gilded prisons ... imagine being so super-wealthy that if you died EVERYONE ELSE would be better off? 



Two reasons Hillary Rotten Clinton is loved by Wall Street... 1.  Bill Clinton did away with the glass-steagal  act effectively handing over the United States treasury to international bankers. 2. Made it impossible to discharge college loans in a bankruptcy ... screwing over every college student who has a worthless degree...


Photographic evidence....   http://www.armstrongeconomics.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/Glass-Steagall-Signing-Repeal.jpg
THEY JUST WORKED THAT MUCH HARDER THAN 90% OF PEOPLE GAAAAAH     **/s**
Are we kidding ourselves? I'm serious. Are we being honest about Bernie? Can he win the general? If he does, can he actually fix things? 

I feel like reddit is the only place that believes Bernie can/will win and that he can actually get anything done. In 08, there was this immense movement behind Obama. You could *feel* that he was gonna win. We all knew it. From the primaries thru the general, we just somehow knew Barack Obama would be elected.

As much as I like Bernie's ideas, I don't feel like he'll ever be elected. I'll vote for him all the way, but I feel like he won't actually make it and I don't wanna get my hopes up.
Not for much longer. This kind of imbalance is directly leading to the upcoming worldwide economic collapse.
Let's take it from them! What have they done to deserve that wealth that we haven't!
Sorry for asking such a stupid question, but how do we know this? I mean, I know there isn't some sort of Excel spreadsheet I can look at, but when I tell my mother this fact, she'll say, "that's not true", and I have no idea how to prove it. 
Im fairly certain you could extend this to the .001% and it would still be true. 
This isn't really news though. I've known this for years. Check out the documentary "The one percent" by Jamie Johnson (born rich into Johnson&amp;Johnson)
The bottom 20% or probably even more have a negative  worth.  This is not surprising. 
do they literally have like trillions of dollars in the bank or something? how is this even possible? like i can buy 100 houses or whatever and be worth a couple million. that seems like a lot. so the .1%, it seems like they have so much and they are hogging it, yet there is still a lot of money that is out there?

what i'm saying is that it seems possible for people to become millionaires, yet you would think they couldn't based on this 90 percent stat, so do they literally have trillions of trillions of dollars??
A pyramid cannot balance on it's apex without considerable scaffolding. We are the scaffolding. It's pretty easy to disrupt but that would mean backing away from consumerism, or in the analogy, pulling away from the pyramid and letting it topple. 

Yes, we are giving them the money they are using against us. Yes, we are the safety net that enables their recklessness. 

I am no Ghandi, but I believe in nonviolent noncooperation. If we could mobilize to stop spending money with the criminals that are using it against us we can fix a lot of things. Your wallet is a serious weapon and all you need to do to unleash it's power is stop using it in bad places.

We can effectively shut down the economy and silence the voices working against us, the real question is: can Americans set aside their voracious consumerism to save us all?

If corporations are people, money is their food supply.
This is why there needs to be another income tax bracket or two. People making 300k shouldn't pay the same taxrate as someone who makes ten million.
Change will come slowly but surely.  Look at Climate Change.  Coal plants shut down by 2025?  Slowly but surely.
60-70 years of work per week must be awful. 50 hours and I'm pooped. How do they do it?! 
So we give a few people all of our money..........and then we're pissed off that a few people have all of our money.

Stop going to Walmart - that will eliminate a huge chunk of the problem.  Stop watching Netflix, using Google, and buying an iThing every five minutes would help too.
But why do they have less rights to their money?
Here's what I can't understand- if you have $100 billion why do you need more? I mean seriously?!? It's like a bizarre disease. I make good money, and am happy with what I have. It's nowhere near what these people spend in a day. I simply cannot understand the mentality.
We cant play robin hood here, its not the government that's taking all the money, but the one letting others funnel all of money away from the lower and middle class.  Simply taking the money will never happen. 

What needs to happen (aside from taxing the safe haven money) is that we need to make the rich as proactive in the building and investing of America as they had been in the past.  Make it beneficial that they help invest in our infastructure and everything else.   

We can't make it an US vs them situation.  
So, if we had 1000 bacteria in a petri dish, 1 bacteria would recieve as many resources as 900 other bacteria combined. The colony would never survive. Sigh. It reminds me of working in Honduras. A very small minority control most of the resources through corruption, coercion, and violence, and as a result the entire country falls into ruins. The wealthy people spend most of their money on fences and walls and security to isolate themselves from the wicked and terrible land they live in. Had they only shared those resources, the entire land could have been beautiful and plentiful and they wouldn't need to build barb wire fences and arm guards with shotguns and assault rifles. 
I hear Larry David's voice in my head as I read this.
I've seen that graph a few times and it's very interesting. It's surprising to me that some of my friends don't see a problem with wealth in this nation when the last time we had a similar distribution, the great depression followed. 
I bet the 90% also work for the 0.1%.  Welcome to corporate America.
What is needed is to tax these people slightly more which would have no impact on their lives but would tremendously benefit those in the 90%. 

I don't want to fault the 0.1% for being rich but they should pay their fair share to benefit the community they're in. 

Not looking to make everyone rich either (which isn't gonna happen anyway) but to benefit all of society overall.
except no change can really happen with a house and senate majority being republican.. 
[deleted]
Yeah well Sanders isn't the only person to say this - you are just using his name here at reddit for political gain on the topic. 
5 Bernie Sanders posts in the top 40 on the front page.
And Sanders posts make up 90 percent of news and politics. 
It's not zero sum and never has been
This will not change until the middle class is completely erased and there are only two classes;  mega insanely rich and dirt poor.

At which time it will be a good thing guns will still be legal because there will be an armed civil war again.  I just pray its soon enough that I can participate and have had some influence in making my child's future better.
TIL:  Way too many people have no idea that equality is about opportunity.
Who the hell needed Bernie to tell them this? If you just learned this, you are a bad person and you should feel bad.
Well, pull yourself up by your bootstraps and make more money... Why didn't you think of that? 
I really don't understand what he wants us to do about it. 

Do we just take it from them? Stop them from making that much money?
Oh god.  Please don't associate Bernie with Occupy Wall St.  It would be the death knell of his campaign
And at last check, the top 1% carries ~~70%~~ of the countrie's tax burden, with the top .1% carries around 40% of the nation's tax burden. Maybe it balances?

Edit: Top 1% is at 46%, top 10% covers 70%.  Thanks Tax Foundation for updated numbers
Well isn't this because the top .1 percent work so much harder than the bottom 90.  Bootstraps people, bootstraps.
"But since the middle of the Reagan administration, wealth has gradually become concentrated in the hands of a few."
Sur-fucking-prise.
These headlines are hilarious.  Southpark nailed them on the head.
I don't mean to break the circle jerk but this has been said by others before. 
We should ask how did these people got that money.  Not show up with pitch forks.
ITT: Poor people standing up for the ultra-rich. That's the America I know.
We need to take it from them. We can do this Reddit!
So what? Who cares what others have.
1 million @ 5% = $1,000 a week,  10 million @ 5% = $10,000 a week and so on... that's why the billionaires are sucking so much out of the economy
Bring back the inheritance tax, fix all the trust loopholes, and add another Cap gains bracket for higher income people.
The time is coming when the masses inevitably rise up and take back from those who have previously taken everything. It's human nature.
"The top 0.1% worked to earn it, fair and square, the bottom 90% are just jealous moochers."
Vote for Sanders if you want the inequality to end in America.
The wealth is gathered by the rich *because* of government, not in spite of it. Please use this as a thought experiment: intellectual property laws are immediately removed, you have the ability to create similar products to Apple, or Samsung without threat of being sued (just an example). Copyrights aren't stifling innovation and progress.  In this situation, becoming a billionaire is nearly impossible, government *must* give you an intellectual monopoly to become that rich. 
Getting out of poverty is substantially easier, due to the increased success for smaller businesses and freedom to create. 
So, when a big government candidate wants to spread the wealth that the government directly put into the hands of the Super rich, I can't help but laugh. Why not stop throwing easy money in their direction first? Why not allow the little guy to innovate? 
Sanders seems like a nice guy, but he's approaching this wrong. All the candidates can go suck on a lemon, in my modest opinion. 
I'm going to regret this but you people do realize these people make so much money because they worked hard to get where they are and should be compensated accordingly? 

No there are not as many high level jobs as there are mid level but nothing is stopping the mid level employee from working hard to get to where the top tier employees are financially. 

I do believe some changes could be made to bolster the middle class but don't act like these people are being paid a lot of money for nothing. 
Wait, so does that make the 9.9% in between the middle class?
I agree that there's a problem, but I'm also curious as to what people would say is the *optimal* distribution of this metric. In other words, if the top *X* percent have *Y* percent of the wealth, what "should" the function be that relates *Y* and *X*?
Interesting.  Anyone want to take a stab at what year Reagan lowered the number of tax brackets to 4 and reduced the top tax rate?
Well, from what I can recall, don't the bottom 50% have a negative net worth? It sounds like slavery, but at least a slave has a net worth of zero.
I thought that was pretty well known at this point. People have been saying that since Occupy Wall Street.
What's interesting is that the *reason* communism is considered evil is because it means that a few ruling elites end up controlling everything in the country.  

Capitalism is an alternative to that, because it puts the modes of production in private hands so people can't use the government to concentrate them and control them, depriving the people of economic freedom.  

Only that's exactly what's happened here.  

No, I don't think the answer is "government regulated businesses into a few hands."  Small businesses are exempt from most regulations.  
There is a YOOJ issue with income equality in this country. You know the somewhat social democracy policies put in place seemed to favor the middle class in this graph. Then Reagan comes along executes laws based on the trickle down economic theory (as have others including democrats). Ever since we have been going in the wrong direction. I think there is a common misconception that those in the lower and lower middle class are being cry babies and should work harder, but the fact of the matter is that its the top 1 TENTH of 1 percent that seems to be getting all of the breaks in the economy. When you look at the facts you see that Walmart and Exxon mobile of some of the lowest effective tax rates in our country. We don't need robin hood economics but certainly trickle down economics is an utter sham. 
Just curious, what is the ideal wealth distribution for a free market democracy?
Just curious if anyone has the stats on what % of the Top .1% is inherited vs. new money.
The problem is, no matter what one president does, if there isn't a systematic change within our country, the next president can undo anything done by his predecessor.
Americans should be more concerned with gifts and inheritance from the 1% than the income of the 1%.
That is essentially part of the [80/20 rule or Pareto Principle](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pareto_principle)  of any system where 20% of inputs get 80% of outputs. A good book to read is [The 80/20 Principle](http://www.amazon.com/The-80-20-Principle-Achieving/dp/0385491743)  Some examples are that 20% of movies will make 80% of the profits. 80% of crimes are committed by 20% of the people. Also part of that rule is that 1% will be responsible for a very large percentage of the total. This is true with movie sales, books, running computer code (that's why caching is effective), crimes committed by people and things like money earned.  
The article is not loading for me (was it taken down?) but one thing I'm curious about is how much you have to make per year to be in the top .1%? Or, if the article is talking about total net worth, how much is that? 
The top 0.1% has more power than the president could, unless the president is in the 0.1%.
Bernie Sanders is a genius.  He figured this out on his own.  I am going to vote for him.  Bernie Sanders for President.
Yes I am. I'm fully aware of that. I'm talking about how some people want to subjectively choose who gets to inherit wealth and who doesn't, when it isn't their money to begin with. 
Don't you know what this is?
 
This is Reddit.

Of course Bernie Sanders is right.
"They are not truly free when they are unemployed, underemployed, or when they are exhausted from working 60 or 70 years a week."

I'm impressed, with a time management plan like this we could solve all world issues in a week or two 
thanks bernie or something    
It would help if they had to pay all of their taxes. Seriously, there's so many taxes breaks, subsidies, and loop holes that rich people can exploit, that they probably pay less in taxes then their secretaries.
So because I expanded my wealth, I must have had something to do with making those rules? They aren't mine. 
I think an untold fact is that a lot of the problem is a culture of spending. Most people do not save money aside every month. They spend any pay increases they get over the years, and then they borrow on top of that. Remember that we are NOT TALKING ABOUT PAY here. We are talking about "wealth". Not how much equity you have in your home, but how much money you have in the bank minus your debt. You can blame politicians or the rich (there is an obvious pay gap), but in the end it is up to you to live within your means and not borrow money for every little thing you want.
"True individual freedom cannot exist without economic security and independence."
He's right [because he reads The Economist.](http://www.economist.com/blogs/graphicdetail/2014/11/daily-chart-2?fsrc=scn/fb/te/bl/ed/somearemoreequalthanothers)
I will probably get downvoted from this, but I listened to an economics presentation from a world renowned economist and he went in to this income inequality gap and how the biggest thing driving more money into the hands of the 0.1% right now is government regulation and the low interest rate, and before you immediately close this out and assume its bunk, he gave a fairly convincing argument.

He talked about how the interest rate was so incredibly low.  He said it was so low that the government is basically printing money for rich people.  And that's the thing, because of newer government regulations, even if banks wanted to loan money to middle class or even wealthy people in the 1% (just not quite AS right as the 0.1%), they can't because of regulations.  Right now, the only people allowed to get that low interest money are mega banks and people with hundreds of millions or billions of dollars.  All of it is being redistributed to them and they take their free money, at a near zero % interest rate, invest it into the stock market, bubble the stocks even more than they already are, and then collect their 10% per year profits.  They can just keep taking and keep taking.  They can buy a crap ton of money almost interest free, then do high-margin loans to people whilst only have like 15% cash on hand, or something like that.

You see, the legal way banks are allowed to loan all of us money is like this.  If they have 15 million dollars, they are allowed to loan like 100 million and then collect interest.  That other portion of the funds that is loaned out is basically a near interest free loan to the bank so they can give you money, except you will pay the bank maybe like 10%, or hell, if it's credit cards, it can be as high as 29%.  You see, the banks are getting a ton of free money to loan all of us and they keep piling up their money.

As such, all the mega-wealth and the majority of gains are going to the top 0.1%.  He then expounded that it was not Capitalism that was to blame here, but anti-Competitive, anti-Capitalist practices implemented by the US government.  Essentially the government has already chosen the winners, and it is this crony coporatism that helped influence the laws on the books, particularly the ones made post 2008, to continue to filter all of the wealth to them and that a segment of the politicians are 100% complicit in this.
This is old news
Crowbarring that money from the 0,1 % will be impossible. They are not only filthy rich but also very smart and they will find a way to not only keep all their funds but also get richer. 
Wouldn't it be the 0.01%?
What about the mid 9.9%?
But wealth also includes ownership of companies. Sergey is a billionaire but 99% of his wealth is tied to how much shares he owns in Google. It's not like he has his wealth all in cash plus owns goog 
Heres the thing that nobody seems to notice tho...  According to the World Bank in 1986 the US had a GDP per capita of $17,132 while in 2013 the last checked date we had a gdp per capita of just over $53,000.  So we are clearly experiencing some great economic growth.  Now, you want to speak of the top 1% making all the money they do make.  Well your wrong there as well.  The top one percent makes 20.3% of the total income in the USA.  40% of that goes to national taxes.  With average state income taxes another 10% goes back to their state.  Now that means the top 1% are paying around 10% of all the total taxes in this country.  So really all of these problems sanders speaks of are just due to government incompetency, which I agree exists to a certain degree, however, A greater wealth distribution would not give our government more money to spend.  Currently as I stated above the top 1 percent makes 20.3% of all income and pays around 10% of all taxes.  If we were to cut that down to 15% and return give 5% of the income back to the poor we would actually be lowering government spending and let me tell you why.  That 5% on total income, if transferred to the poorest 90% could at max be taxed at 10% nationally and around 2% at the state level...meaning that only around 0.5% of that money given to the poor would be taxed and utilized by the government.  So I really don't understand you Sanders followers.... Are you really for increasing the wealth distribution which in return would actually lower government spending?  
Well it kind of makes sense considering they are the top .1%. If hey didn't, then they wouldn't have that status. The bottom 90 could have 50 quintillion and the top .1% would have more. I dont know why this is so surprising
Was this not already known? Wasn't this what the whole "Occupy" movement was about?
We also have a half million people who are homeless and 7.9 million who have no jobs. I'd say the scales are a bit out of balance here and we need to address that somehow before it gets out of hand.

Any ideas?
I've got a board with a nail in it. Time for us to march on the 0.1 percenters and take back what they stole from us. Who's with me?
I didn't say it was the right thing to do. I just said they has no true legal obligation to give as much as Bill and Melinda. 
The fear of terrorism after the Paris attacks seems to have subsided pretty quickly in the U.S.  Bernie should resist Hillary's attempt to pivot the conversation to foreign policy where she's stronger and keep attacking on the economic front.  The holidays are coming up and it's a great time to talk about money.
Seeing as the 0.1% are greedy and don't want to share, and the rest of us are working hard to get by, can we start calling them the bottom 0.1% and the rest of us the top 90%?
I wish I could get paid for 60 or 70 years a week. 
Just fix inheritance tax. Swear to god it will fix the entire issue. 
We need a worker's bill of rights amended direct to the constitution that includes a living wage, a wage that is tied DIRECTLY to a companies profits as in a monthly wage that is determined as a percentage of what the shareholders receive, 4 day work week, abolishing at will employment, guaranteed MANDATORY vacations minimum 1 month's worth, expansion of FMLA, paid maternity leave for BOTH parents, etc.
And people still think some knight in shining armor is going to come along and be the president that they've all been waiting for. Not going to happen now with Bernie and not with the guy after him and not with the guy after him
I knew the overtime was getting ridiculous, but 60 to 70 years a week?

0o
I'm quite sure Bernie Sanders is left. 


Edit: Rigged system and too many people on Wall Street.
Did any one doubt it?
Keep pulling on those bootstraps everyone!  You'll get there eventually!
This guy is like a broken record 
Just out of curiosity, what would happen to all that wealth if there were some kinda violent uprising and the top 0.1% were murdered (including families for inheritance purposes)? 

It's amazing how big this country is though. 0.1% would be over 300,000 people. 
The most bat shit crazy about all of these wealth disparity statistics is the fact that **this is just the tip of the iceberg.** **This is only what can be legitimately proven through paper trail.** Just imagine the size of the actual iceberg under the surface. It's insane. It's safe to say the top few hundred families have more than rest of the earths population, that includes all of the thousands of millionaires and everyone else, combined. 
Vote for Sanders if you want to live America.
A baby born yesterday is worth about $500 billion more than the bottom 30%. 

Think about that for a bit. 
There are other reasons to wince at the term democratic socialism. Sanders needs to study more... 
We need the government to use the threat of state violence to expropriate the wealth of the 0.1% and redistribute it to the bottom 90%
Pretend for a moment that the top 1%, not even .1%, are worth 1 trillion dollars.

President Sanders takes that trillion and splits it between 300 million people.  Every man woman child gets $3,333.  The entire wealth of the top 1% is gone, a DINK couple gets 6,666, so on and so forth.

That's a one time payout, and the tax base would be completely wiped out.  But hey, our GINI score would be great 
Why is everyone so concerned with how much money the rich people have? Why do you think you are somehow deserving of what other people have? 
Yes he is. At the same time if you have $10.00 in your pocket and not debt you have more assets then the bottom 50% combined. Sad truth is 50% of our population as a negative net worth.
[deleted]
So we're slaves, is what you're telling me. 
So what Bernie Sanders has described here isn't a Democrat or a Republican thing, it's a Washington beltway politician thing.

Both parties are more interested in lining their pockets and those of their friends, than helping the mainstream out.  Didn't Obama run on this whole 'equality' thing?  It's only gotten worse under him.
I keep hearing this phrase but can someone tell me what this really means? I been hearing this for years and am like so what, but i think i have this opinion because no one can break down what it actually means. I meet a lot of people who have more money then me, but it doesn't matter to me much as I am content where I am.
Fucking vote in the primaries!
I'd like to see a list of the top 0.1%.
Welcome to capitalism. 
&gt; Being a democratic socialist means believing that government must guarantee its citizens' material well being in order to truly protect their freedom

This I feared. Stop it Sanders...
The standard of living of people around the world has never been better.  Members of the working class have never had more leisure time in history.  Access to medical care has never been better.  Availability of basic necessities like food has never been more ubiquitous.  I'm just going to go out on a limb and say it:  why is it so important for me to have the same amount of money as everyone else?  I've got all the things I need, and some of the things I want.  Even people who live on government-provided income often have many luxuries.  Why are we losing our everloving minds getting upset that some guy has more luxuries than we do?  Is that what it's all come down to?  Unbridled envy?
I would be tired too if I worked 60-70 years a week
I'm poor and I wish this would stop being a talking point.  I don't want rich people to give up wealth just because they're rich.  Talk about upward mobility, a stronger middle class that can afford to see their kids, education accessibility, maternity leave, improving our unions, etc.  Why make it about haves and have-nots?  People instantly connect this point with socialism and right or not, if this is the first thing they hear it is often a barrier to listening to his other ideas.
What happened to not worrying about what your neighbor has unless you're making sure that they have enough?
If I have a dollar to my name, and no debt... I have a higher "worth" than 50 percent of america. "Worth" is misleading when your currency is based on debt. What we should focus on is an individuals standard of living, and weather it is improving.

Purchasing power has gone up for the 90%. I don't give a shit about a huge gap as long as I can buy more food, clothes, etc. Or would you rather we be equal in poverty?
Why is this kind of recurrent statistic gets upvoted to front page.. ?
Some people are working 60-70 Years a week? Yowza and I thought I had it bad, I only work five days a week!
Ok
http://i.imgur.com/O8h5yJ8.png
Assume your country has a population of 300 million people for this example. The Top 10% is 30 million people, and Top 1% is 3 million people, but this number represents the Top 10% of the Top 1% only, so it is 300,000 people. I just want that to sync in for the general public. In today's society, the Middle class is represented by the Top 9.9% of the wealthiest people, and the bottom 90% are now the Lower class or "poor". 

This happened all in the span of 45 years, and it was not an accident. I encourage you to explore what happened to the Middle Class. Why did it go away, what purpose did it serve while it existed.  I think you will find middle management actually kept a lid on excessive salaries, dividend payments, stock first operations, and was the voice for the "workers" who made it happen. Middle management had many drawbacks, but keeping checks and balances was one of their benefits for the 270 million people that no longer have a voice. 
Shocking! He's certainly the first person to bring that to Reddit's attention!
&gt;  They are not truly free when they are unemployed, underemployed, or when they are exhausted from working 60 or 70 years a week.

TIL, there are a lot of years in a week.
This will continue until we start paying directly for food and services. The middleman is fucking us.
Edit: We need to change our values. Even our language shows how we think of money and superiority. Middle class, lower class, etc. We need to value the wellbeing of others like we value our own, and to do that we need to see the benefits of such a paradigm firsthand. Lets just ask ourselves the right questions. How can we provide incentive for the wealthy psychopath to choose to build a better company? One that takes care of its employees? How can we make social income feel more rewarding than financial income?
We should kill them. 
The problem is bigger than taxes. Anybody here have a Computer Science, Engineering, or Medical degree that actually feels like they are getting screwed? I've got a feeling most of Reddit gets ridiculous degrees and then they never make above 60k/year, then they come on here and bitch and moan about how no is giving them a handout. As a disclaimer, this is all coming from a 1%er.
It really doesn't matter who you vote for.  Remember when Obama was running and he was making all these promises about change?  Eight years later and we've taken out Libya and working on Syria.  These guys are puppets for the 'elite'.
Pretty funny that this old has been can convince what should hard driving Americans to be jealous of other people's success. They didn't all just fall into it, they worked liked hell for it. Wealth is not finite, you can get yours. Unless you're happier bitching about what someone else has that is. [̲̅$̲̅(̲̅ ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°̲̅)̲̅$̲̅]
The problem is how the government won't get out of the market and employment. The rich use the laws to their own advantage. The solution isn't more complicated laws, but to take them away.

Wake up /r/BernieJerk
And number one and two of that 0.1% are Bill Gates and Warren Buffet by a large margin. And they are both Democrats.

Not only that, the greatest gap between rich and poor are in the blue states. Left leaning policies make more people poorer in comparison to the rich. Just look at California where the middle class are being economically given the boot.
Bernie's reasoning doesn't make sense.

He feels people are entitled to certain services and products but only calls for the socializing of certain industries like health care (which is already heavily socialized) but ignores the fact that two of the industries listed in his list of economic rights, food and clothing, are the best off and are the most open and free markets on the list.

Nobody wants the government to take over the clothing industries and create one brand for everyone. We like the variety. There are clothes for all price ranges.

Nobody wants the government to take over the food industries and create one distributor for everyone. Again, we like the variety. And there is food for all price ranges.

These open and free markets aren't perfect but look at any market that is more open and free and you'll see the best results.

So why the hell do we want to give the government more control of our health care and some going as far as saying we need to monopolize it with the government with single-payer?

Health care, finance, telecommunications, airlines, etc... are the things we bitch about the most and the things that are most heavily controlled by the government, and for a reason.
The problem being is you can't tax that .01 percent more and hope that it will help out the economy. You have to raise taxes on everyone equally in order to solve this.

A million people donating a dollar to a cause yields 1 million dollars. You can't expect 100 people donating 1,000, dollars would yield the same results.  
Of course they do, that's why they're the top 0.1% of society. It's the same as saying the top 0.1% of IQ is smarter than 90% of the population, but in that case it would be 99.9%. Should anyone be surprised at these facts? No.
Does anyone else feel like there is some sort of percent competition where the goal is to equate a smaller and smaller percentage to a larger one? If we get the percentage low enough are we eventually going to be seeing post about how Ron has all this money and those people don't?
"They are not truly free when their are unable to retire with dignity. "

...?
No shit?
Democracy with Capitalism isn't a system for the people, it's a system for the powerful.

But other implementations of socialism have been horrible. 

What's worse?
Capitalism built America. [Relevant](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Men_Who_Built_America)
I love it when Democrats and economists focus away from the .1's growth in wealth by making the 90's fall in wealth the focus...

The .1 percent, in his graph, began their nearly flawless rise in gains in the early 70's, long before Reagan, as well as sustaining those gains through Clinton and Obama's administrations, and many Democratic controlled Congressional sessions.

The one constant has been historically high inflation.
well by all means lets confiscate it and burn them because that would be fair.    &lt;sarcasm&gt;
I must say respectfully to the general opinion in r/politics, it's astonishing to me how many people here act as if it's not okay to be rich.
I think a smarter solution would be to simply educate people more, rather than somehow try to reroute the wealth. After all, the top earners in our country create many jobs and technically fund public services more than any of us due to the amount of taxes they pay.
cry me a river, poor people
Not only is Bernie Sanders right, but so is Hillary Clinton WHO HAS BEEN SAYING THE SAME THING FOR YEARS BUT NO ONE ON HERE CARED WHEN SHE SAID IT!!!!

Jesus Christ the Bernie circle jerk on reddit is insane.
How is that just being realized? Wake up Sheeple!
Anyone who says that is "right"
And if we took every red cent from them, it would not pay for our entitlements for 5 years.
This sounds like a politician trying to use a wedge issue to get more votes. To create an "us-and-them" attitude and manipulate people into voting for them.
Honestly, who the fuck cares? 
The beauty of the United States system is that the absence of a strong central government allows people to live free. With that freedom comes the chance that they will make poor choices with negative consequences, as well as the possibility that they will make wise decisions with positive outcomes. In such a system one would expect to see such extremes in wealth. 





This is not necessarily to say that one individual having a large fortune is a loss for someone who is poor. One's success is not another's loss. If anything, the more wealthy people the better for the poor. 



I am especially untroubled by the income disparity issue when one considers that there is a very robust, very effective, very generous social safety net in place.  Compared to most poor people in the world, impoverished Americans live extraordinarily well. They receive proportional political representation, free health care of a high standard (including emergency health care), first rate police services (despite the occasional and shameful abuse, and the silly drug war), and benefit from cash redistribution schemes like welfare and tax credits. 


No one starves to death in America, few people are killed by the central government, and most importantly-- despite the best efforts of the progressives, evangelicals, and corporations-- we are freer than any other nation on earth. 



This is the best country in the world and I'm proud to be an American not because of any government program, but because of the lack thereof.  
"You have too many toys! Give me yours!"
The biggest issue is that the top 0.1% keep fooling the 90% they can easily get up there too if they work hard,  don't pay taxes and make sure to hate on immigrants and other who "steal the jobs". To stay in charge you got to keep people attacking downwards instead of upwards... 
Is this news?
Bernie is a man of the people!
Forced acquisition of all assetts of those with wealth. Communist era redistribution rhetoric. I can't believe people support this guy. Jesus christ I hate college liberals and vegans.
Yeah, but they "earned" it
&gt;The top 0.1 percent have as much as the bottom 90 percent.


And why is this wrong, exactly? The 0.1% are the people in charge out major companies Walmart, Target, Exxon-Mobile, Toyota, AT&amp;T, Samsung, Apple, Facebook, etc. These people are responsible for producing and managing 99% of America's products and services. Why do they not get to keep their money? Go ahead and tax the fuck out of them, watch how fast the American economy drops below China...then India...then ......
BERNIE SANDERS SAID A THING. UPVOTES THIS WAY.
Wow, this is why life is unfair

Imagine what we could do with their money

Why hasn't there been an outbreak in America against these people
Yeah they earned that money. The bottom 90% does nothing all day and receive tons of government assistance. They don't need more money from the people who have worked for it.
Considering that *most* of the bottom 90% don't have any actual wealth, this isn't surprising.  Zeros on a 100-point term paper kill your GPA.
If I was Jeb Bush I'd drop out and endorse Ted Cruz, just so I took someone down with me.
Adios, Jeb. 


You would have been a good candidate 15 years ago, but your brother ruined the brand. 
He was in a free-fall in July. At this point, this is just hit the floor bounce back to hit the floor again type of thing.
So many of the GOP candidates should have dropped out by now, its amazing.
After watching his debate and campaigning performance, I think Jeb! has been greatly over-hyped as "the smart bush".
He was running ads in my area about how he successfully busted unions.  My area has suffered severely since the downfall of unions.  We had a lot of factories and such that once paid very well for unskilled labor.  Those companies now have dropped their wages considerably.  I think people around here now see the value a union can provide.  And also the companies have gutted benefits, and are pretty miserable to work for.

I noticed within a week, he removed his union busting "merits" from his ads.

I can't wait to see the day when Jeb fails to qualify to get on the prime time debate stage at the rate his numbers are falling.

The best part of it though is how this is proving money can't buy you love or any results in this presidential race.
He lacks his father's intelligence and his brother's charm. He is like a combination of their worst features. 
All that careful planning, fund-raising and colluding with his super-pac before he officially entered the race.. RUINED... by a crazy billionaire celebrity who shoots from the hip.
I'm hoping he just drops out soon
Thank you Donald Trump. 
Never Have I thought that I would saying this. 
And everyday Trump seems more and more like the legitimate front runner. He's already taken down Bush, fended off Fiorina and Carson, and maintained his voters for several months. If he fends off Cruz and Rubio for the next couple of weeks the GOP is going to need to change their messaging. Because right now the party as a whole is still talking about what a disaster Trump would be. They can't have a brokered convention, or a split conservative vote so the next month or so is going to be really interesting. 
When even the Republican base appears to be saying, Bushwacked twice is enough, it's time for Jeb to follow Bobby Jindal!
The name Bush is poisonous right now
He's a Bush. What did he expect. You remember how popular the Kennedys used to be just because they were Kennedys. The Bushes are like the anti-Kennedy's. Almost everyone hates them.
Jeb Can't Fix It
Thats like saying someone thats hopping off a milk crate is in free fall.
As we've come to expect, Trump again hit the nail on the head regarding this very issue vis a vis Super-pacs. Jeb has no reason to drop out since he has a massive war chest of pac money. What needs to happen is people hosting the televised debates need to trim off the stragglers and focus their attention on candidates that actually have popular support. Jeb is not now nor ever has garnering popular support. It's way past time for him and the other bottom feeders to go. 
he he, fool me once, shame on you. fool me twice, can't fool me again.
Is dropping 6% to 3% really a freefall? 

It's more like moving down a 3' step ladder. 
I'm enjoying watching this entitled family drown for once. The best thing about Trump's campaign is that it's destroying Jeb's.


How did Jeb win anything in Politics? Guy has 0 charisma and barely any wit. 

Doesn't help that he's a corrupt stooge. 
Jeb has campaigned like a unenthusiastic teenager who was roped into working at dad's hardware store.  

"Welcome to Prescott Hardware.  Vote for me or whatever."
After his brother no one in his right mind would vote for another Bush.  
Get on the Trump train everyone, this is going to be one fun ride. 

I wonder why liberals hate Trump? He literally just revolutionized the GOP. (And destroyed the shitty parts)
So Poppy's business partners aren't going to be able to buy the office with their "investment?"
Wouldn't this disqualify him for the main debate?
Good.  No Bush ever again in The White House.
Hey, Bush family. 

Are you finally starting to understand just how badly little GW really did fuck things up? 

He literally ended your family's political dynasty. And it couldn't have have happened to more deserving people. 
I wish this race would be done with bush and clinton. 
because his brother did more to screw up the USA than any other president in a hundred years
Jeb isn't trying hard because he knows it's not his turn. It has to go Bush, Clinton, Bush, (Obama), Clinton, and then we can have another Bush, (and then Chelsea).
Even Barbara Bush said there have been enough Bush presidents.  You know you're in trouble when your own grandma doesn't support you.
You can't stump the unstumpable, Jeb. 
If Jeb Bush goes down, how will I get my Guaca Bowles?
Good riddance...

If we are just going to keep electing Bushs and Clintons how about we just arrange a marriage between the 2 and declare the offspring King or Queen of the US? 
If people from both ideological poles could look past their noses, they'd see that the commonality in the popularity of trump and sanders is that neither is an establishment candidate. I think people are generally tired of the hand picked, corporate controlled, elitist ruling class flunkies. Trump is the only republican candidate that doesn't kiss the ring of people like the Kochs and Bernie has been fighting these scum his entire life. 
Reporter: "What is the focus on Christian families actually look like?"

Jeb: "What? You're a Christian, you can prove you're a Christian. da..."

Reporter: "How?"

Jeb: "I think you can prove it."

Jeb Bush ladies and gentlemen
Now, if Hillary would do the same. :)
Well at least one party is doing it's job by saying no to corrupt dynasty politicians and the establishment. 

Now if only democrats would do their part with Hillary.
As a foreigner looking in from the outside, I'll tell you what troubles me about this election cycle.

For those of us who get our news from our local sources, as opposed to American ones, it's patently obvious that nobody running for the Republican leadership is either competent to run your country or capable of beating Hillary Clinton in an honest election. (Or Bernie Sanders, for that matter.)

The worrying part: There seem to be a lot of incredibly angry right-wing voters in the States now, and they all seem angry at the wrong people. What happens when the penny drops and they realize that, considering that the inevitable march of demographics generally moves society towards more liberal ways of thinking, they don't have a hope in Hell of **EVER** winning the presidency as long as they embrace their current inflexible ideas, and only retain Congress for the time being because of gerrymandering and off-year voter apathy? 

I'm beginning to think that you guys should look to Yugoslavia for a picture of what your country's going to look like in a hundred years.
It's a little poetic. He basically helped his brother cheat in Florida and win the election. His brother ruins the Bush name. Jeb will never get to be president.
Trim the Bushes!
Dey took our Jebs
I can't imagine how humiliating it must be to have Donald Trump leading you in a presidential primary race.  I really feel sorry for this guy.

Of course, I feel worse for America because the best man in one of the two major party primaries is Donald Trump.
He really isn't crazy, bigoted, or hateful enough to be a competitive candidate in 2016. 
No more Bush.
Meanwhile Hillary is polling at 60% among democrats. 
is he gonna spend his money on an anti trump ad like kasich to win the graces of the rnc? i kinda of expect all the 3% repubs to do this as they fall off. imagine the hilarity of the general if carson gets the nom and trump runs as an independent. would be some reality tv level shit
He doesn't have far to fall.  I do support him using Koch money to keep going.  If he does, then maybe his team can write a jab or two at Trump of Carson that sticks.
The Republican primary has been very eye opening this time around.  SO much craziness (both literally and figuratively).

If you knocked on my door a year ago and said you were a time traveler and that that Trump would be in the lead, Bush would be damn near dead last and that Carson and Cruz were in the top 4 after months of debates...I would have just slammed the door in your face.
he's not racist enough or enough of a religious zealot to get the GOP nod.
Can you really be in free fall if you're already on the floor?
'Fool me one, shame on you.  Fool me twice, you can't get fooled again'.  

The last thing America needs is another Bush as President.
Free fall?  He never "rose" to begin with.  He's been bringing up the rear for basically the entire campaign.
I dont think the US (or the world) is ready for another bush in the whitehouse. 

You know why trump is leading ? becuase the current GOP is basicly a cartoon villan, and Trump is the ultimate satirical cartoon villan that just says whatever people want to hear. 

He knows that the republican base is anti immigration, anti choise, pro religion pro ameria YA!!!. and thats what he spews becuase he´s a awesome bullshitter, and tell you the truth the first thing he´s going to do if elected is tell all those people to fuck off and just be one of the most corrupt and pro business presidents ever. 
So what you want about Trump, but he saved us from another Bush
Hell, I'm surprised he still has 3%
The best part about this is that it shows that money isn't the only factor in elections, and that hopefully future candidates will take heed in that. 
&gt;"Jeb Bush has also said his family ties give him insights into foreign policy..."

Your brother's foreign policy has caused unbelievable amounts of suffering and hardship across the globe.  I will leave this country and never return if we ever elect another Bush.
Jeb's style of campaigning is no match for the dent that Dubya's leadership put into the brand. 
It's not really Jeb's fault but he gets blamed anyway. 

Poppy knew it in 2006 - youtube his speech to the Florida legislature when Jeb's governorship ended.
I'm voting republican no matter what but I will never vote for this fucking twat.

I would also like to add...the president should be chosen based on who can do the most damage or beat Putin in a 1v1 fist fight. Jeb would get so fucked up lol.
Lol. I can't believe this clown actually thought America would welcome another Bush back to the White House after what the last one did.
it's still 2015, why are we talking about this?
-John Oliver
I don't believe Trump will make the nomination because 1) I don't think establishment GOP leadership will let him win, and 2) I don't believe he actually wants to be president, but damn, he's managed to take out what would have been the presumptive nominee.

Trump actually did something good for America, prevented yet another Bush presidency.
The GOP race is looking [surprising like this Mario Party minigame](http://i.imgur.com/BFZD3.gif).
I laugh every time I see Jeb Bush, it's like saying ATM Machine.

Jeb are his initials, John Ellis Bush. So they're saying John Ellis Bush Bush.
Heh, good ole W fucked it up for the Bush family for generations, maybe even for good.
Jeb's campaign: Dwight Schrute for president.
Poll numbers for republican candidates seem to be inversely related to sanity
that's not free fall that's a rounding error.

No person with the last name Bush will ever be president in America again... #NeverForget 
The Iraq war was the 2nd biggest mistake this country ever made, and somehow anther Bush runs for president. Wow.
I'm still amazed this guy had the balls to run at all.  Goes to show how forgetful Americans are.  I still remember that election you stole, jerk face.
On a positive side, Tom Petty would probably let him use Free fallin' for his campaign now.
Jim Webb is more of a Republican than !Jeb! the RINO.
"Elect Trump!"

-Jeb, 2015
Thank God. TRUMP RULES!!!!
Don't worry, "Jeb can fix it".
Jeb Bush is an idiot and rigged the election for his brother. I don't trust that buffoon.
"Jeb!" was never a good slogan.

He should have tried: "Not W!"
If he strangled his dim witted world fucking brother he might gain 1%.

I heard a Jeb Bush ad for the first time today. It was about how Muslims are dangerous and the U.S. needs to step up in the Middle East and take care of them.

Some families never learn I guess...
I know it's been a long time, but do people remember how amazingly unpopular GWB was at the end of his 2nd term? It would be a miracle if Jeb was a contender just 7 years later, even if his politics were completely different - but they are in fact the same.
Not in free fall.  He's been around there the whole time.  I'm still worried that the GOP will shoehorn him into the nomination through some insidious methods.
I just want to see him at the kiddie table debate. 
being from a war criminal family would do that.
HAIL EMPEROR TRUMP
[deleted]
Good.  Lets leave the GOP with a batshit candidate. 
Good. Just proves you can't stump the Trump.
That's what he deserves for having an ISIS founder in the family.
He started centrist, and lets face it. In order to get the republican nomination you have to foam at the mouth for extreme religious conservatism, and then step towards the center for the general election. 
How could he ever of thought ANYONE wanted another Bush in office?
Jeb has all of the money and endorsements he needs.  He'll be in it until Super Tuesday for sure.
hes not crazy enough for me. i need trump crazy, just fucking batshit wako
From now on, pouring over 100 times as much into TV advertising as your opponents while voters only become less and less interested in ever voting for you, should be called "Jebing."
I don't even want to read the article. Clicked on it and let out an audible groan. Who in their right minds thinks we need another Bush in office. They guy doesn't live on the same planet as we do; just listen to him try and have a normal conversation with a reporter. blah

[What a waste of $128M.](http://www.opensecrets.org/pres16/candidate.php?cycle=2016&amp;id=N00037006&amp;type=f)
That fucking God, possibly 3 bushes or 2 Clintons? What is this a monarchy?
Good. He's a fool. 
Please let Jeb end up in the "loser" debate. I would pay anything to watch his face as he realizes he's standing between Rick Santorum and Lindsey Graham and then watching it slowly hit him as he realizes he doesn't have a chance in hell...
bushes and clintons fuck them both and equally. I will never vote for either one.
GO HOME BUSH nobody wants you for president. 
Cause he's **FREE** **FREE FALLIN'**
I googled "Jeb twitter" to get to his twitter out of curiosity and the first hit was for some Minecraft dev called Jens Bergensten who has four times as many followers.
Aww diddums. You know, I think the worst part for him is knowing he failed where his father and brother succeeded. This makes it all the more sweet for me. 
good. because fuck you.
If he keeps that low number does that mean he won't be invited to the next debate?
I hope no one is surprised by this after what a disaster his brother was.
Thank you Mr. Trump, from saving us from a Bush vs Clinton election.

Thank you so very much.
His major misstep was saying that even though he knows what he knows now that he would still go into Iraq after 9-11. Adios dumbshit.
I don't know who Marge N O'ferror is but even she is polling higher than Jeb.
Let's have a moment for this amazing compañero
http://imgur.com/P4rgBhy


So you're saying there is a chance?

Well at least with all the problems in the world, we don't have to worry about another Bush being President.
He didn't fall from very high.  I'm sure he'll be fine after all this is over.  
He should come out to Tom Petty's "Free falling" at his events.   Spin this into a positive.
We gather here each day to express our support for one candidate or another. Do we like Clinton? Sanders? Rubio? Trump? At the end of the day, even if we disagree about everything else under the sun, we can probably all safely agree that Jeb will not be our next president.
Kind of a shame, I think he is the more reasonable of the republican candidates
What if he changed his first name to "Not"
This feels like democracy.
What those ads during NFL games didn't help? Weird.
The GOP would be wise to drop all their candidates and support Bernie Sanders to keep Trump and Hillary out of office, because currently it looks like one of those two assholes is going to win it.
I'm sorry but it's downright laughable how fucked Republicans are in this election. Loonies as the frontmen, all the 'real candidates' at single digits in the polls. Wow.
Good. Fuck you jeb. Im sick to goddamn death of your family.
[Jeb Forced to Sit at Kid’s Table for Bush Family Thanksgiving]
(https://americasbestnews.wordpress.com/2015/11/27/jeb-forced-to-sit-at-kids-table-for-bush-family-thanksgiving/)
The 1%er polling at 3% soon to be polling at 0%
ctrl+f

bernie=4

sanders = 2

TRUMP = 40 


Drop out Jeb, no one wants you.
The entire GOP is in freefall. 

In anyone should drop out, it is the GOP
He has $100mil in his campaign war chest. He will be there in full regalia at the GOP convention, to accept a draft Jeb movement. 
really hope he drops out
If only he had sold more gauc bowls!
Fool me three times...
Given the fact that so money is involved in these elections and the fact that there are betting markets for them now, I am surprised no political candidate has bet against their campaign in those markets to hedge. If Jeb had done that he could have recouped a ton of his losses from his campaign. At the beginning, he was a heavy betting favorite.
Good.  He already got his presidential election sham fame.
So "Jeb Can't Fix It."?

&gt;Then, with a picture of President Barack Obama on the screen: "This commander-in-chief requires training wheels."

Found Jeb!'s mistake, he thinks he's running against Obama.
He looked like someone pushed him out on stage and said to him, "Go be the next President."  It just never seemed like he wanted it.  I don't blame him one bit.  He's wealthy, and his name is recognized.  That's not only enough it's the wildest fantasy of a large part of the people on this planet.
Stop trying to make "fetch" happen...
Good.
At 3% I think it's more appropriate to say that he free fell.
Good, now let's stop supporting dynasty politics on *both* sides of the aisle. 
good, fuck 'em.
It's a tragic shame this political drubbing didn't befall Dubya too in 2000 because he was equally as deserving of it.
This proves that money doesn't matter.

He has no chance whatsoever, he's toast.
Thank God. I d rather see trump in office than another neocon.

Jeb Bush never wanted to run for president anyway. He's said it multiple times in the past. He was talked into running by his family, plain and simple. And I think it shows.

The Bush family wants to keep power so bad  they're going to resort to cloning next. 
Proof of the old adage:  
  
Fool me once with a Bush, shame on me.  
Fool me twice with a  Bush, shame on you.  
NOT A FUCKING CHANCE FOR A THIRD BUSH.
*Over Christmas dinner

"You've been president of the united states right Dad?"  
"Yes"  
"And I've been president of the united states; it feels like *almost* everybody at this table has been president of the united states."

How can you free fall if you are rock bottom 
Free fall? From what? His step stool?
It's amazing how TWO words destroyed Jeb:

- LOW ENERGY

No amount of ads will recover him from that.
Doesn't have far to fall

It's OK guys, he knows how to rig an election, ignore the polls and the exit polling.
The thought of all of his big campaign donors wasting their money on his campaign, makes me all warm and fuzzy  
I think we're gonna have to step up that gerrymandering and voter suppression a tad!
well he can only drop 3%.. has to feel good about that.
no worries, his friends at Diebold will execute the "glitch" code on election day. 
Out of 300 million people, The father was the president. The older son was also the president. And now the brother is running. If this is not corruption, then what is? Same thing applies to the husband and wife. 

Really sick of these presidential dynasties. If my options are between a Bush or a Clinton, I think i'd rather move. But then that would make me a victim of their foreign policy.
Bush forever earned my distrust and disgust when he started speaking Spanish at campaign events.
He was only there to pave the way for the real Floridian superstar....the cubano, Marco Antonio Rubio. 
Now if we can get hillary to follow suit
Good.
This is far too liberal of a website to be discussing a GOP candidate and given that it's CNN saying it, I'm not surprised. People don't realize how much of an impact sites like Reddit can actually influence a vote.

Unpopular opinion: I honestly thought Jeb looks/ed better than most of the other candidates. 

Please for the love of god, do not let Trump happen. He will make this country a bigger joke than we already are and probably get people killed somehow.
Jeb will be okay if the RNC learns how to rig the nominating process as thoroughly as the DNC has rigged it for Clinton.
I'm at the point where of all the Republicans, Jeb is my preferred option. Obviously I like Rand's positions more, and Kasich has a few good ideas, but Jeb seemed like the only moderate-ish one with enough of a chance to win. Now he doesn't even have that. I guess the crazies in the Tea Party really have taken over the Republicans. 

At least with Jeb, had he won the general, he likely would have been willing to compromise and actually be a dynamic politician. But now I have to bank hard on a Democrat winning because Trump or Carson are infinitely worse than all the Bushes combined. 
I honestly never understood how anyone thought that another Bush would have a chance at getting elected after the last one.
The Republican base has been cultivated to thrive on fear and anger.  They want someone loud and boisterous who'll throw them red meat and keep them stirred up.  That's why they love Trump.  He's like Limbaugh, Hannity, Coulter, and Sarah Palin, all rolled into one.

Compared to Trump, Jeb just seems like a soggy cardboard cutout that was left out in the rain.
Meanwhile on the Democratic side, all the typical career politician dynasty members are still at the top.
They say he's the "smart" Bush. That's like saying he's magna cum laude of the special ed class. 
BS headline. Should be... "POLL SHOCKER. JEBS SURGE CONTINUES. ALMOST IN 2ND PLACE WITHIN MARGIN OF ERROR. TIME FOR THE OTHER CANDIDATES TO BOW OUT AND ENDORSE THE INEVITABLE, THE HONORABLE, THE ONE. JEB!"
The GOP establishment could rig an election for him like they did many times for his brother.
Love how at 3% Jeb is in free-fall, but Rand Paul at 2% has momentum.
"Stay down!"

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nG_Nwp0wZc0
Burn baby burn
And yet he's raised by far the most money from super-pacs. Way to go America 
Jebroni Bush
Thank god we don't have to see the world at mercy of another of his kind.
Clinton, Trump, Bush, Cruz, Carson

America is fucked.
Drip, drop, drip drippity drop.
Drip, drop, drip drippity drop.
Now Cheney's wife has to run so Americans can refute him by proxy as well!
Good. Fuck him. gimme back my user name.
If he goes away, what happens to all that Super PAC money? Isn't there like $100 million still out there?
Next up, HRC.
I never thought I would say this but this scares me a bit. He is on the more reasonable side of the republican house of crazies and this basically means that it's between Carson and Trump. If somehow dems fuck it up and one of those becomes president we are all fucked. 
Free fall? Didn't he peak at 5% or something? Can you really "free fall"  from 5%? 

I think CNNs language is a little strong 
I guess we ends up in an era of crowdfunding were ordinary people throw in small pennys into their favorite candidate and that makes candidate that is more business funded harder to "sell" their ideas to the people. 

Idea driven society to benefit the people instead of putting corparations first. 
I sort of feel bad for him. Not only did his brother ruin his odds, but he's one of the few actual politicians running. If the Republicans don't nominate him, then who? They don't have anyone who isn't crazy. At least Romney would have been a decent president, even if he was a plutocrat and catered only to the wealthy. The republican field is a long way past crazy these days. 
Jeb can fix it!!!
Why not pull him out and try  brother Neil (don't think he's been indicted.... Yet) or one of the sisters?
Just like his brother he was told to run. Just like his brother he promised more military conflict and spending. Usa dodged a bullet with him. 
He hired Paul Wolfowitz as his foreign policy advisor, FFS. The guy who brought us such classics as The Iraq War. That was the end of Jeb!
I bet his fantasy football team is freefalling too with Gronk injured 
In my state (NC) republicans have eliminated a week of early voting, have taken away voting on Sundays, do not allow for same-day registration, will not count ballots cast in a different precinct from voter id card, has a photo ID requirement, and eliminated a high school program that encouraged students to register to vote on their 18th birthday. 
The rest of the Democrats should back this.
Well yeah, because Bernie, for all his faults, seems to actually be honest. I could be incredibly naive, but he strikes me as someone who says and does what he thinks is right.

How did he ever get elected with that attitude?
Is anyone else tired of seeing the word "SLAMS"?
Not American here. There's something that puzzles me: *denying vote*? Can a citizen in the US be denied to vote? Why?
Say what you will, but the politician has integrity (something that is sorely lacking in general).
Bernie is savage, while still speaking in a respectable manner. Elect this fucking mannnnnnnn
This seems fairly simple and its extremely cowardly there is a party who would rather break the rules and play fair that this even needs to be mentioned.  
Clearly the least shitty candidate. Will probably vote for this guy. Unfortunately he says too many sensible things to get elected in this country right now. 
But don't you see? We have to block the votes of the blacks or they will elect democrats who will just give them stuff! Free stuff! Like Obama phones and welfare. We can't have that! It will ruin this great country! No we need job creators not welfare takers! 
I live in Utah, last year on election day my sister and I headed out to vote. The kicker was that despite having the same last name and the same address, Utah decided to put our voting locations in two very different places that were about 4 miles apart. They would not let me vote at the location set up for my sister and vice-versa. 

That seems like BS to me.
He's not lying.
Everything this guy says makes me like him more. This scares me because I normally hate the government and all politicians. I'm going to give him a chance though. 
I swear, "Bernie Sanders slams GOP" is on the front page of /r/all every single day.
What's wrong with wanting people to properly identify themselves before casting a vote for federal election?
He's not wrong.
And this is why he's the best candidate.
Of course they are scared. Their party only exists to further the wealth and power of the wealthy and powerful by appearing to stand for what ignorant bigots and religious fundamentalist want. And that is an every decreasing minority. The only way they can maintain power is to cheat the majority out of their votes or convince them it isn't worth voting because "the other side is as bad as we are".

Isn't that what it always comes down to? Confront a conservative with his sides wrong doing and they don't even deny it, they just jump into "your side does it too". Like the failures of "Benghazi" are equal to the failures of "9/11".
As a non-american this seems like the most undemocratic thing ever. Who even thought that was a good idea? Its a human right to have free elections without ANY tampering and manipulation. America, the Land of the not-so free
He's not wrong.  If he was, gerrymandering wouldnt be a thing.
Meanwhile, let's try and legalize millions of illegal citizens immediately and get them on the voting rolls.
If you don't have it together enough to get some sort of ID, should you really have a say in running the country? 


I think Sanders has integrity, and I don't doubt his conviction on this issue.  I'm just having trouble seeing it as *that* big of an issue.  Is it really asking too much of someone if they have to register to vote, and then present an ID before voting?  
11 million illegal immigrants. Bernie promising free shit. No shit the right wants to make sure illegals don't vote. 
Voting is a right that is exclusive to American **citizens**. Merely being a resident in the US doesn't give you any right to vote. Photo ID/proof of citizenship are needed to enforce these rules. It has nothing to do with political cowardliness, and more to do with maintaining the integrity of the election process.
If everyone is doing it then it doesn't really help them though
I vote to make the word "slam" of any form illegal in the context of politics. 

God I fucking hate that.
If you can't win on the merit of your ideas, you should not expect to win.
See slackers? All you gotta do is pull yourselves up by the bootstraps and be a mayor, duh. 
ha, come to Thailand
Well, not really Bernie, they know full well that what they want the world to look like is not good for the vast majority of the population.

Religiously cloaked plutocracy is good for them and only them. 

To be fair, if everyone could vote: they'd lose.
Just make election days national holidays
Voter turnout would triple
So... instead of just manipulating the vote directly like some sort of third world dictatorship they're just having their more subtle indirect methods.. with basically the same result .. so why is the UN not criticizing and calling people out on those methods? 
If less than %50 vote, than the majority has spoken.  But "democracy" isn't listening.
Why is it that low turn outs favor conservatives? Is it because those who are willing to go out of their way to vote are, psychologically speaking, those who are most displeased and fearful?
The GOP has 100% proven to be weak from their crummy debates (Yes the moderators sucked but they only sucked because they were dealing with giant man babies and couldn't handle it). and of course their countless lies and manipulations.

This party is corrupt and disgusting and they are doing a disservice to their supporters. The GOP disgusts me.
http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2015/09/11/video-are-clinton-campaign-workers-violating-election-laws/
Good job a four paragraph bman story with absolutely no fact checkable information in it. So cool another berniegasem and look at this!

**Wow yet another participation trophy offer!** 

KUDOs bernie, but how many cereal boxtops &amp; proof of purchases do we need to mail in to get the free toy?
Ask someone to show an ID to vote is unfair and a barrier to a constitutional right to vote.  But by golly you'd better show an ID, wait 3 days, submit to background checks, and pay a fee, to a constitutional right to own a gun.

Voter ID laws make sense.  Under-age, non-citizens, and felons should not be able to vote.  And it takes more effort to get a Kroger card than it does to register to vote.  This guy is flat out crazy.
Bernie Slamders!
Yeah, because Democrats have never gerrymandered, and of course socialist states always hold fair elections. /s
Real talk.
Seems like the Republicans are using some [old strategies....](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/6c/Why_the_nigger_is_not_fit_to_vote.jpg/440px-Why_the_nigger_is_not_fit_to_vote.jpg)
Who got denied their right to vote?
For someone that claims he doesn't do personal attacks he does an awful lot of it to the Republicans. 
soooo democrats wanting to allow everyone to vote, citizen or not, is awesome; republicans wanting a state issued id to vote is racist...does anyone actually believe that showing id to vote is unfair? how does one get through life, non-frauduently, without id? 
So the democrat plan is to open the borders and flood America with illegal aliens while at the same time to fight all voter ID laws. And Bernie calls the republicans cowards? The man is an utter moron.
What? They're afraid of voter fraud and illegal immigrants voting in interest for themselves; not legal citizens. I'm a democrat, but I don't get why this is a difficult idea to understand. 
I have to present a photo id to buy a beer, or buy cigarettes.  I have to show my photo id to open a bank account. I have to show my photo id to apply for a job.  I have to show a photo id to adopt a dog from the local animal control office.  I have to show a photo id to gamble at a casino, or to donate blood, or get welfare.  Please explain to me why showing a photo id to vote is a detriment to people who might otherwise vote.  
It's very easy to run a successful campaign when a whole generation mindlessly nods and agrees with every idea he has. He can do no wrong and he knows it, and is playing my whole generation like a fiddle
Democrats sure were ok with forcing insurance on all citizens regardless of income and penalizing those without it. Buying and having a firearm is a constitutional right as well but there are rules and restrictions on that. This is one issue the democratic party should be bipartisan on. I feel it's insulting to a point to not expect the american adult to be able to obtain a photo ID if they have the desire to vote. And there are no solutions from anyone anywhere to drastically change the way we vote to get better turnout, like change election day to election days or change voting days to weekends (or better yet weeks) or just keep just the polls open longer.
They're actually traitors and should be charged with treason. 
This is bullshit, why do you think it's ok not to prove who you are when you vote? 
So lets get this straight, he wants to add voters to the pool because he doesn't have enough votes to win. That is the inverse of the exact same problem. This is what magicians call redirection.
Bernie Sander is my lord and savior at this point. As someone who genuinely cares for the well-being of my nation as well as the well-being of my fellow citizens, Bernie Sanders is my chosen candidate! BERNIE 2016-2024
Hes right if they are trying to make a way for Americans Not to be able to vote.. But if anyone does not understand that it SHOULD be a requirement for you to bring I.D so we know you are not trying to cheat the system since THAT is exactly what happens when there is no I.D checks. YOU ARE THEN A MORON.....You need I.D everywhere you go, TO buy alcohol , cigarettes , Get in to certain clubs and bars, need I.D to drive a car. There is no reason or negative view on wanting people to have any form of I.D that proves your person on voting for the NEXT RULER OF THE FREE WORLD....you have to an absolute nutbag to think that I.D proof is a bad idea..And dont give me that whole,, "well what if you dont have I.D?" B.S you have i.d go get one. If you dont have a licence you have a birth certificate, if you dont have that, then a library card, if you dont have anyone of these things then i have no idea what type of American you are and i like any human being will have a hard time trusting your person. So same should go to your opinion on voting.
"We should require everyone to register to get guns  to prevent gun violence/accidents" 

Rep: "Fuck that it's my right!"

"We should require everyone to register to vote to prevent voter fraud"

Dems: "Fuck that it's my right!"

Scare tactics work both ways. 

And this is why Bernie is just like the rest of the politicians.
It's becoming all too familiar with people on the Left,  to set up a strawman to prove their point. 

I've been watching our president do it all too often for the past 7 years.  I'd like it to stop. 
Opening up the floodgates to every third world immigrant to come into the U.S. and drop a baby on our soil, and due to their poverty immediately require govt assistance and thus most likely vote Dem isn't a fair election either. Those are called ringers. 
What a stupid old man 
It is amazing that some of you people haven't OD'd on Kool Aid by now. 
Bernie Sanders is doing great. But i have a feeling he will back down and ask voters to vote for Hillary. Then it will be buisness as usual with her at the front. More militiary intervention around the world, stricter drug enforcement policies, more survailance and power to the FBI/CIA etc.
Bernie is all for socialism, so how about he puts forward a bill that provides every US citizen with a federal ID and do away with state drivers licenses all together. Instead of getting a Social security card, you just get a your fed ID. You just renew it every however many years with updated privileges (driving, drinking, voting). This would solve the "I'm too poor" problem. Everyone has a SS card. What use are states in the 21st century anyways when the federal court or the president can just override any state action without legislation?
Like when Obama had all of his competition disqualified. 
On your knees? Start sucking, bitch!
Even dead people vote democrat!
I'm pretty sure the GOP wants to make sure only US citizens can vote. The Dems want to make it easy for anyone, citizen or not, to vote. 
I, a conservative, was going to vote for bernie until he said this. I've never been so insulted. Here in south Florida people were bragging about voting for Obama multiple times. If democrats really cared about our democracy they would oppose measures that prevent this. 
[deleted]
Nope, democrats have gone the other direction and figured out a way to add millions of people to their voting bloc, tens of millions of people who are dependent on democrat social programs for subsistence. These people are political cowards, and afraid not just of a fair election, but of an honest conversation about their policies.  
  
You shouldn't be voting if you're not a citizen. You shouldn't take out of a system to which you don't contribute.
No, but it *has* occurred to Dems, and Mr. Sanders, as candidates, to figure out a way to get selected non-Americans (read undocumented workers) and then abuse the UW's ignorance by (Dems) promising free-everything, to get them to vote for Dems. 

Which is probably worse for American Democracy.

Find a way, short of a national ID to register every eligible **US CITIZEN** and I'm all for it. But until then, make me register by my OWN choosing, not by some bureaucratic money sink. When politicians restrict the vote, it's for their benefit. When politicians do not restrict the vote, in any way... it is *ALSO* for their benefit.
/s Because there really is a big difference between making it harder to vote because they will vote against you, and forcing them to be registered so they will vote for you.

This is a double edged sword. It's so wrong because most Democrats don't give a shit about the fundamental right to vote. They just want to force register everyone and bus people to the polls. It's no different, the ideology is the same, its the methodology that differs.
but I'll force everyone to register to vote, because, I don't care if you want to be left alone. 
What a joke. Democrats never pass laws and have outrageous positions to get votes from minorities. Republicans just want to make sure only legal citizens are voting. 
If you want to talk manipulation how about the fact that over 95% of blacks in America vote democrat. When Sanders says blacklivesmatter what is he doing? The real voter fraud is the lies told by the media and our government. 
There is a difference between trying to restrict voting and trying to restrict voter fraud. 

The whole "gop is against voter turn out" idea has never had any merit and is only used as a tactic to acquire the lower income vote. Politicians know this and that is why Bernie is just like the rest of them.
[deleted]
What restrictions are Republicans trying to impose?
Yet the left only sees minorities as votes, and only panders to them during election season...
Is he aware there are large Democrat states with the same policies?
Some people shouldn't be able to vote.  If you're incompetent enough to not have a photo ID, register to vote before the day of the election, etc. then how are you competent enough to make an educated decision on a presidential candidate?  I doubt anyone who cannot figure those elements out are not able to understand economic concepts and policy well enough to pick a candidate for qualities other than their ability to relate.   
So just like Fidel Castro? The guy he thinks did a fantastic job with the Cuban nation?  
Are you fucking shitting me?  A fair election is one in which all legally residing residents participate, and no one else.  Hey, lets get a few million, flock to Europe and all vote without citizenship.  Let's see if that'll fly.  
It is probably best that people who can't figure out how to vote, don't.
I wonder who the people so disparaged that they can't get registered to vote would vote for...maybe the guy who promises more "free" stuff.
Is he saying literally everyone in America should get to vote? Even non-citizens?

*edit

I have to ask because I heard California just made it legal for non-citizens to vote. 
A fair election would be only land owners voting no bottom feeders to elect people like shit head sanders to give them free shit coming out of my paycheck
The American election season is too long, too expensive, too televised, too secret and too based on personalities instead of policies. This shows that is getting worse not better.
Explain it to me again?  What prevents foreign monied interests from influencing U.S. elections?
For those wondering...

&gt; In the politics of the United States, dark money is a term that describe funds given tononprofit organizations—primarily 501(c)(4)(social welfare) and 501(c)(6) (trade association) groups—that can receive unlimited donations from corporations, individuals, and unions, and spend funds to influence elections, but are not required to disclose their donors.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dark_money
All I know is, someone somewhere came out of the blue and started a group of supporters who all started trying to get Ben Carson to run for President. The guy had no intention of really entering politics until someone came out of the woodwork with a bunch of cash to bankroll him with, so he started taking it seriously. I do believe it is the very elite and wealthy, doing a good job of hiding the ties back to them, in order to obscure why they support him. He wants a flat tax: that means, the rich get even richer, and the poor will end up paying more in taxes now than every before, which logistically and economically makes absolutely no sense whatsoever- the only people it benefits is those at the top. That's one aspiration of having Ben Carson run; secondly, by throwing their own minority out there, I think they are trying to counteract the minority they expect the Democrats to run, which is most likely going to be Hilary (as potential first woman President). And, just like some people will be voting for Hilary just because she is a woman, others will be voting for Carson just because he is black.

Lastly, Carson does not really love the IRS. Me personally, I think the IRS serves a distinct function in this country by basically making sure the mobsters who run our economy kick a little back to the great nation that they should be thankful they are allowed to so richly profit from. But, many rich people feel like they pay too much in taxes, which I personally think is ridiculous because even if you pay 2 billion of your 10 billion fortune in taxes... you still have eight fucking billion dollars left over. I dunno, it's astounding what people will do to protect their largess. I don't care who you are, what celebrity you fucked, what business you own, how nice you are, or how much you give to charity- no human being needs billions of dollars to survive. Once you reach billionaire status, you're pretty much set, and whining about not having enough money after that, or paying too much in taxes, is just bullshit and you deserve to be kicked in the teeth, or better yet, made to live like a regular person for a few years just to humble yourself.

Anyway, the right wing/ultra elite were looking for someone who was:

a.) possible minority of some sort
b.) religious enough that they could be a Republican
c.) against Obamacare
d.) against taxes and IRS
e.) someone who is seen as a Washington outsider; not just some propped up, vetted junior senator or governor
f.) someone who appears intelligent (not like Sarah Palin)

So, Ben Carson fit this criteria. He was probably brought to the attention of the right wing by Fox news, who he was affiliated with but stopped affiliating with them prior to announcing his campaign.

Personally, I think the guy is a little whackadoo. He seems like he is one of those book smart people, after all he was praised in his field as a doctor, but as far as general awareness goes, to me he seems out of touch with reality, as evidenced by the questionable beliefs he holds as a seventh-day adventist and also by some of the things he says. I particularly dislike the way he talks; slowly, as if his mind is not very quick or intuitive and this is reflected in his speech.

The guy has no political experience at all, and I would say isn't even qualified to run a campaign for Pres, but the right-wing is desperate, many right-wing Americans will take ANY half-viable candidate over another Democrat so at this point I don't think many of them care that the top 2 contenders are completely unqualified.

People often say, a good leader doesn't need experience if he has the right people around him to do the job for him, but I dunno, when I think of Ben Carson running the country, I see another 9/11 because he has that slow, dumb look that GW Bush had, and when I think of Trump running it, I see another war because Trump wants to show off and make himself look big and strong and I am afraid he will use the US military to stroke his ego with at the consequences of Americans. 

On the other hand, Hilary is the most experienced, both domestically and internationally, and although she wouldn't be my first choice, I'd still choose her over Trump or Carson any day. Over all, though, Sanders would really turn things around in America, and I would love for him to win in 2016 although it's a long shot. America just isn't ready for him yet, I'm afraid, although a candidate like that is what we really, truly need in this country
Lessig: [I told you so.](http://i.imgur.com/YlJSZFH.jpg)
I saw "dank money" and thought I was accidentally in /r/circlejerk
New definition for Trickle Down economics - Making it rain on the whores of Congress.
Legalized bribery is extremely dangerous.  It is a threat to the sovereignty of the nation.  Citizens United allowed even foreign governments and foreign corporations to bribe our elected officials with SuperPAC money.  This allows foreigners to control our elected officials.  Citizens United is a huge threat to national security.
Yup. It's true. She definitely said that.
Loads of dark money was spent on 2015 elections. Showing up even in local elections for school board.

10 times what?
Im a Canadian, so by Dark money do you mean 5's and 10's?
Is Dark Money the new theoretical money that scientists have been looking for all these years?
The interesting thing is that it doesn't seem to be accomplishing its intended goal. At least on the Repub side, it's like money is a drug to which their base has developed a significant tolerance.
Thanks, SCOTUS.
Everybody knows money is an instant-win button in U.S. politics, just ask Jeb Bush. 
Don't ask me how Tammy Baldwin and Scott Walker can get elected in the same state...
It needs to end. We cannot allow the corruption of money to buy out our politician's any longer. Democrat or Republican, your policy and opinions on current policy's should be the deciding factor of your election to a public office, not how fat your cash roll is. 
Ten times more than what?
Again not by the leading GOP canidate Donald Trump. Why does reddit not realize this information?

THE LEADER of the GOP RACE aka Donald Trump does not accept super pac or any corporation fundnig!
Nearly all of the dark money has been spent on the Republican side.  While Hillary Clinton does have a Super PAC, they've barely spent anything.

&gt;A whopping 95% of the TV ad spending in the Republican presidential race has come from outside groups and Super PACs, while just 5% comes from the actual campaigns, according to an NBC News analysis of TV ad spending data from SMG Delta.
&gt;
The opposite is true on the Democratic side – 95% of the TV ad spending in the Democratic presidential contest has come from the campaigns, versus just 5% from outside groups.
&gt;
Hillary Clinton’s campaign has spent more than $6.5 million in TV ads in the early contests of Iowa and New Hampshire. But the Super PAC supporting her, Priorities USA, has spent just $200,000 in ads – a 32-to-1 ratio.

http://www.msnbc.com/msnbc/super-pacs-outside-groups-dominate-gop-16-ad-spending
Get massive kickbacks on incomes from your lobbying efforts and keeping your money off-shore, spend said money on candidates promising to keep loopholes open and further your cause, effectively control "democratic" country.
What a time to be alive.
Mmm, spending millions o personal greed rather than helping those in need.  (in Mr Burns' voice)  Exccccelent...
Sanders 2016!  Get the money out of politics. 
lol. Soros and his like spent that, how convenient the article left him out, or media matters, etc. I call BS
News flash. The right wing extremest she is referring to is polling at less than 4% or at least the ones supposedly benefited by 'dark money" I really don't know why she wants to refer to the RINO's as right wing extremists. I mean McConnnell and Banor have given the establishment everything they asked for. There is not one thing they did not get. I think she might want to re-focus the target of her rhetoric. Besides I think those donors are a bit pissed by the results of all that spending. 
&gt;In an Oct. 30, 2015 email, the Wisconsin Democrat wrote that groups backed by conservatives such as Karl Rove and the Koch brothers "have spent hundreds of millions of dollars to make sure they get right-wing extremists elected into office. And it’s only getting worse."

How do we weather that forever? Someone really needs to dig a little dirt on these fellows.
And just think: There is a significant amount of that money being spent to influence forums _just like this one_. Spooky.
The really fun thing about dark money is that you don't know if it is coming from a foreign government trying to subvert us. Thanks SCOTUS, you should all be tried for treason.

The keyword here is "spend."

Yes, let the uber wealthy conglomerates put more money into consumer pockets. 
Ten times more than... what?  You can't have a comparative sentence without actually making a comparison.

EDIT:  In the body of the article it says, "dark money spending is 10 times what it was at the same point in the 2012 election cycle."  Something that should have definitely been in the title.
Correct. Dark Money is already flowing in to undermine Russ Feingold's re-election.
it is just me or the corruption level in all fronts is at an unbearable level worldwide and nobody is giving a fuck?
Just look at the amount of shillbots on these articles and that should give you an indication where a lot of it is going. 
"Dark money", Yale students being little bitches, police pounding on people making to much noise. You know what? Fuck you america. 
Goes to show you how hard it is to fight the greed of the voting entitlement minded, poor and college fools. 
Well they all started campaigning too fucking early.  I'm pissed at all of them for partaking in this charade so far.
Read that title as 'dank money'. I've spent too much time on /r/circlejerk.
Oligarchy at work.
What is dark money?
Is it bad that I read dark money as dank money? I think I've been on the internet too much.
Today is the first time I've ever heard the term "dark money", and I've heard it three times today.

Dear god please don't let this be a thing all the way until election day.
OF COURSE!! 📢📢 wolf-pac.com 
I read this as 'Dank Money'. I was like, where's the reference to Bernie Sanders? 
Dark money? STOP RESISTING!!!! SHOOT IT!!!
This is what Politifact does best...pick the broad interpretation of a statement in order to get a true rating. No need to get bogged down in the political slant of the statement when evaluating it. 
What is "dark money"?  
  
Please tell me it isn't referring to donations from African Americans.
compared to the 2015 election
'Dark money' aka donations to the Clinton campaign 
86% of dark money spending is by conservative groups. 

It should now be abundantly clear who the real beneficiaries of Citizen's United are.
Doesn't Wall Street donate to The Clintons Charity.
What a surprise, the 'dark money' is all associated with republicans.  Stick your liberal propaganda up your ass Politifact.
[deleted]
Thanks, Hillary.
You think, maybe, because of the removal of spending limits on campaigns...? maybe...? 

Maybe that had something to do with it?

Maybe...?
40% of the dark money went to Reddit ;)
This really is the most important issue facing our country, and we have to defeat Citizen's United by actually uniting through the internet to force change rather than letting the media continue gambling on the campaign and manipulating reality to help their candidate.
wow, and just think none of it has went to Trump, if dirty bribe money from lobbyist and big business is something that concerns you, I suspect Trump will be your guy then, because if dirty political money bothers you, there is no way in hell you could stand behind Hilary, she already owes over 300 million in favors to foreign donors from her time as Secretary of state, let alone the favors she will owe after this campaign.

Any rational person has to ask, why would some foreign corporation or foreign millionaire be interested in donating money to some USA based charity organization?. I would think even a hard core liberal would raise an eyebrow to over 300 million in donations to a charity organization owned by our secretary of state (unless you are just loony).

There are no other examples of foreign donations to USA based charities of this level, it stinks to high heavens and there is just no other way to explain it.

TLDR, our secretary of state received over 300 million in foreign donations to a charity she owns, and now is running for president. stinks to high heavens.

So it's 100% true that he really said that? Ok..
That's no way to describe Carson's funds!!
Question specifically for conservatives: should political speech be anonymous?  If so, in effect, doesn't this allow foreign entities to fund friendly candidates?
Maybe by the democrats,  the current GOP leader Donald Trump hates and refuses to use Super PACs
Note that the top 3 spenders on the liberal side combined doesn't equal what the third group for the conservative side is spending.
Sad that this has become a pissing war between Sanders and Clinton rather than simply arguing and discussing policy. Sanders has much better ideas and the ideas will stand on their own without a cult of personality. We need more than just Sanders in the White House to implement them, we need a political revolution from local government, state government, to Congress, and in the White House. This revolution is founded on good ideas not name calling.
Arguably a reputable source when 301,000 - 240,000 equals "71,000."

I think I'd rather see some official numbers at next reporting cycle.
Oh boy! That matters! Too bad it doesn't translate into more votes apparently. 
301,154 - 240,000 = 61,154 more, not 71,000 more.

I know many women that could do this better than Zach.
Thank you for the hourly Sanders update.
It's Official: Reddit has a little bit of a crush on Bernie Sanders.
Sanders percentage of donations by gender is 43~ women and 57~ men, with about 689,000 donors. Clinton's is about 60~ women and 40~ men, with about 400,000 donors. 

So its more accurate to say 'more people are donating to Sanders in general.' It be more interesting to see who's providing a higher percentage of money between genders to the candidates than just numbers/percentages of who donated. 


Why is it most of the pro Bernie stories come from websites I've never heard of?
"Even though Clinton boasts that she has a 16-point advantage in percentages of female voters, Sanders claims more individual donors than Clinton, according to the campaigns’ numbers. While Sanders reported 689,000 individual donors, Clinton’s campaign claimed 400,000. If 60 percent of Clinton’s 400,000 donors are women as she claims, that’s 240,000 women donors. This means Sanders’ count of 301,154 women donors means 71,000 more women contributed to his campaign than Hillary Clinton’s."

So wait these aren't real numbers, they're just a guess. This isn't a good article. 
People on this sub just post whichever articles support their own view point and could care less about the facts. Every single day I hear about how Sanders has millions more supporters all over the nation than Hillary Clinton. If that were true why has he been twenty points behind her in every single poll for the last four months?

And don't even get me started on the whirlwind of slate and motherjones articles posted here. The leftist rhetoric from those places are no different in their ridiculousness than Fox News which everyone on here denigrates constantly. People unanimously agree that drudge report is the scum of the earth but then turn around and share Salon articles about how world hunger can be eradicated if we all just harness the collective power of our vaginas.

As a conservative, it baffles my mind how liberals on the internet will call us delusional and then turn around and be completely delusional themselves.

And for the record, before the impending downvotes and before anyone starts with me, I'm well aware our candidate pool despite being 16 deep at one point is pretty weak. But at least I have the sense and selfawareness to see that.

Sorry for the rant, I needed to get that off my chest.
If the fact that Hilary is a woman doesn't matter then neither should the fact that less women donated to her.
It's sad that people think this means anything.  Just because a larger number of women have donated to sanders doesn't say anything about what actual female voters think since most voters, regardless of gender, don't donate to any political campaigns.

Why do people need to make everything about gender or race? People are donating to him, it doesn't matter from which gender or race. Stop creating tensions and divisions.
It's official.  I've ejaculated all over my own chest because I've read another Reddit title thats intended to convince me that Bernie Sanders will be the next president.
tens more people are donating millions to clinton
Man the Sanders camp is really getting paid well to post all this Bernie garbage here. Every other article is about how awesome Bernie is. The fact he is still trailing in every poll.


I love all the talk about how r/politics is just r/circlejerk now and that this subreddit only cares about over-the-top bernie articles, etc...and yet most of the top rated comments on this post are just endless bashing rather than discussing the article.  
Can we stop the Bernie circlejerk, or at least post reputable sources that aren't stupendous biased?
I don't know why anyone would be donating to Sanders any more. There was a time a few months ago when he was rising and it seemed plausible he could overtake Hillary. But she has been very strong in debates and elsewhere, whereas Sanders is looking more and more like an angry old man who is all bark and no bite. And he is not making any more progress in the polls. As the saying goes, he's toast.
Poor quality argument.  It makes more sense to look at percentage of donors.
That's nice. Shouldn't they be donating to senatorial candidates in their own state?
While the top of that, Bernie has that.
Not to worry. Clinton may have fewer donors, but she makes up for that by having them all be really rich.
I love how you twist titles and information by leaving the important stuff out. 

Although more women have donated to Sanders, Clinton still receives a greater percentage of her donations from women than Sanders does
http://popherald.com/2015/11/26/glance-at-democratic-candidate-hillary-clinton.html

Whats funny is even though these points are irrelevent they just followed blatant lies the campaigns came out with instead of actually looking up the info both of them lied but contrary to the Bernie circlejerk Hillary is doing better with female donors.


From the article  
&gt;While Sanders reported 689,000 individual donors, Clinton’s campaign claimed 400,000. If 60 percent of Clinton’s 400,000 donors are women as she claims, that’s 240,000 women donors. This means Sanders’ count of 301,154 women donors means 71,000 more women contributed to his campaign than Hillary Clinton’s.



Uhm why are you looking at their claims when the data is readily available.

19467 contributors are female  
53.4954657873042% of her Donors are woman  
50.2% of her funds are from woman    
[https://www.opensecrets.org/pres16/donordemcid.php?cycle=2016&amp;id=N00000019](https://www.opensecrets.org/pres16/donordemcid.php?cycle=2016&amp;id=N00000019)


Her claim is not even accurate




But lets look at Bernie his numbers are lies as well

9759 female Contributors  
37.48847572218808% contributors are female  
36.7%% funds from females  

[https://www.opensecrets.org/pres16/donordemcid.php?cycle=2016&amp;id=N00000528](https://www.opensecrets.org/pres16/donordemcid.php?cycle=2016&amp;id=N00000528)
"Thousands" in the title reminds me of:    
 "**There are dozens of us. Dozens!**"
He's still not going to be president.
"It's official:" Nobody cares. Reddit has been circlejerking this fuck for years now.
wow cool title, means absolutely nothing. typical sanders post. thanks for using up reddit bandwidth!
I swing both ways... Hillary s getting my Emily's List donations (I think) but I really feel the Bern
HOW DARE YOU. I AM A WOMAN. 9/11.
It’s Official: People believe anything! 
It's official: They're wasting their money and this loon will never win.
One thing to note, this is based on data as of the end of September, which was before the first democratic debate and the Benghazi hearings. 
As a woman, i could never vote for Hillary on her record alone. The way she shamelessly used "I'm a women" to dodge debate questions was incredibly patronizing.
I'm curious to know who is behind this myth of the "Bernie Bro" as I have never heard of such a thing until just now. It seems like a media-fabricated concept.
It's official.
Exactly what is the point of this? Are the Bernouts actually suggesting that more women would vote for Bernie because he has more individual donors at this point? You know that's ridiculous, right? That those are two sets of numbers that bear little relation to reach other? I hate it when people use the word "circlejerk" to describe r/politics, but for fuck's sake, already...
That quote from Amanda Tarcotte is taken completely out of context to make it seem like she meant that. Instead that quote was about Sander's trying to beat the perception that “He’s the pick of men who like feminism more when it’s pushing birth control pills than pushing women into office,” wrote Salon author Amanda Tarcotte.
Why is this news important? 
*And?*

By the reported numbers in the article Sanders claims 301k/689k were women that's approximately 43%. Meanwhile 240k/400k Hillary donors were women so 60%. Somebody round off the Hillary numbers but pardon me for finding that gap significant. Given their differing styles makes this putting out apples and oranges in a blender together. 

Maybe its just because I don't consider mere thousands of people terribly significant in a nation of 300+ million. 

I guess if you really believed no person with a uterus could possibly support Bernie Sanders this might shock you, but I never expected a little over half the population to agree on anything.
Saudi Arabia is literally ISIS. Come at me bros
r/politics has become a Sanders subreddi. I'm an independent and I'd like to hear from all sides about the issues, not just him.
Still gonna losr
He will lose. Hilary has more money, end of story 
Of course women are donating to Bernie Sanders, he got Ben &amp; Jerry on board. ^^^/s
It's official: He's still not going to win. 
Wow! Thousands!
That's a least a few binders full, right?
If corporations are people, are they considered men or women?
Grasping for anything that you might think will help you win but really doesn't move the polls?  Feel the Bern!!!
Women spending money on useless shit...  what a surprise...
Glad to see that women aren't being fooled by Hillary's, "I'm a woman, so vote for me," campaign.
This has nothing to do with anything. Hillary doesn't piecemeal her donations together.  The storms coming and Bernie will be the one that suffers the Bern in the end. 
its official, thousands more idiots waste their money on one hopeless idiot, than another
It sucks that Sanders has to pussy foot around the feminism tagline simply because Hillary is a woman. He cant directly call her out or else he looks like a dick and strengthens Hillary's claim that she deserves to win juat because of her gender. Its a trap!
How has no one noticed that whoever wrote this article has no idea how to subtract numbers. 301,000 - 240,000 is 61,000, not 71,000...
Just curious, but how much do you do that on a few campaign promises, like pretty much everyone whose ever held office.
He has a vagina too?
Am I the only one who noticed 301,000 - 240,000 = 61,000 instead of 71000?
I thought this was r/politics for a sec
That's why sites like salon, on both sides, Rubio knows his stuff as far as Sanders.
Now do Trump.  It would be interesting if it was at the same level.
I wonder, in dollar terms, what it would be though.  Reckon it would be a lot closer.
Yeah man it will be getting your news elsewhere as well.
why isn't policy decided at a party level, rather than all these separate identities duking it out with their own spin on things.
He still won't get the amount donated.
[Why is the thumbnail for this a bunch of nazis?](http://i.imgur.com/n9bHBBj.jpg)
Who cares.  Queen Hillary is winning.  
Holy shit, seeing what kind of pissing war the US presidential campaigns are, I'm not surprised about all these mad people running for president.
"It's official"
I quit at the stupid tone the article had. 

So I didn't get very far at all.
Binders of women!
It was a time a few things.
If you don't think the DNC must start caring about down ballot candidates.
Unofficial, but still true:  It doesn't matter - Hillary is the chosen one.

It's as true for Hillary as it was for George W. Bush.

And that is the unfortunate truth of our political system.
Bernie Sanders Voters/Supporters: will you vote for Hilary if she is the nominee and not Bernie? Just want to know as I'm getting extremely ~~concerned~~ frightened by Republican Party candidates and their polls.
First step is the best way to do any analysis or summary of it too.
No, it's not like he's not voting because of the Reddit circle jerk here that offends your sensibilities, then get your news elsewhere as well.
I haven't met a single biased op-ed.
No one would care how many insane judges are out there, it's worth knowing who the bad ones are, who could do this better than any other candidate on both sides together.
In order to understand why people support Carson, I have to pay off, even with frugal &amp; responsible living.
Sanders has if it weren't for Clinton flaunting the fact that less women donated to her.
Especially next year when they come at them.
This seems skewed a bit to me. If Clinton got 4 people to donate millions and millions of dollars and her campaign reached an immense amount of people.. while sanders got thousands of small donations.? Who really won? Im all for grassroots movements and such. But I wish this statement had more bite than it does. It seems like just more pro Bernie stroking.
Oh, its a web site. [I believe](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FtUNQpu2b7Q)! 
That allows her to keep costs down.
Yeah, although as much as Reddit loves Bernie, I don't think he'll get the nomination. 

Bernie is an ultra-liberal democratic socialist. The majority of the American people are moderate, mostly social liberals and economic conservatives. If Bernie gets the nod, the majority will lean to the GOP nominee. With Hillary, she at least keeps some interest from the moderate majority.

As a conservative, I would much rather see Bernie than Hillary (which is saying something about Hillary), but I don't think it will happen
It's official: Clinton has 28 million more dollars in donations from individual women donors than Sanders has from women.

People choose the statistic that makes their candidate look better...
But…But…9/11.
Who cares. Bernie lost
As a Canadian, I would love it if America elected Bernie.
Is thre a non-"USuncut" source for this?
Your tears are going to be soooo delicious when Clinton defeats Sanders by a landslide.
Given that:

1. Hillary Clinton total fundraising is almost double of Sanders

2. A higher percentage of Hillary Clinton's supporters are women (60% vs 48% Sanders)

3. Hillary Clinton has consistently polled higher in overall support than Sanders

What is the purpose of this article AND this post other than sheer Sanders supporter desperation?
it's official: bernie has no chance. 
This should come as no surprise.  Women are generally better than men at recognizing pandering and patronizing.

EDIT:  Hello, Hillary Brigade!  They don't even give you Black Friday off?  Oh well.  Your downvotes make us stronger.
And in news you won't see on Reddit - Thousands more women expected to vote for Clinton than Sanders. 
How is this a point of pride for either candidate? Seriously fuck this stupid pandering bullshit. But who am I kidding, it's all that matters to the majority of voters. 
What does that have to do with anything?


It's Official:

No matter how many "it's official" headlines are posted about Bernie, Hillary is going to wipe the floor with him. He isnt Obama and this isnt 2008. 
It's my guess that not many women identify with Clinton. She's an opportunistic, carpet bagging, document shredding, email deleting, friend of Wall Street, 1%'r.
These Sanders posts are getting annoying... they seem to be trying to game reddit.


Are you people really expecting him to not die from old age before the first term is up?
As the VP of the Burlington Chapter of NOW - I tell all the women I know that Bernie is more of a feminist than Hillary. Some of the biggest and most vocal feminists I know are men.
Its official, a much higher percentage of the people who donated to Clinton were women while most of Bernie's donations came from men.

Also, I'm going to donate to Hillary in the General.  At current funding levels I see no need to do so now. 

And if she isn't the candidate I won't donate.

assuming women will vote for hillary because she is a woman, is insulting to women tbh.

also, if anyone is highly critical of women, it's women.  hence the "catty" stereotypes.
So what? He still won't get the nomination... and then everybody on here will cry themselves to sleep.
Sadly Hillary only needs a handful of Corporate donors.
I just had second thanksgiving with my family and they are all voting for Sanders.  The prevailing opinion is that we think Hillary may still won somehow, but Sanders has our votes.  People just don't trust Hillary.  All  lifelong democrats too.

This is obviously anecdotal.. But I do believe Sanders has a much better shot than the polls are showing.
It's Official: Hillary is absolutely crushing Bernie in the polls. LOL!
Sanders should find all the old video clips and news stories of Hilary calling all the women that her husband was accused of sexually assaulting or harassing gold diggers and whores, How the hell Hilary can stand in front of a camera today with a straight face unchallenged while claiming that any women who reports abuse should be taken seriously when she laughed at her husbands accusers like a cackling hyena calling them liars is beyond me, over a dozen women who voted for him BTW came forward with accusations of abuse and Hilary discounted every single one them even after Monica's cum stained dress surfaced .  

https://www.google.com/?gws_rd=ssl#q=hilary+responding+to+women+accusing+her+husband+of+sexual+harassment


[deleted]
"Take away women's suffrage!"
-Jimmy Kimmel.
You should have seen how many women he got to sign a petition that would make it so women aren't allowed to vote anymore.
Ridiculous?  Yes.  Hilarious? Definitely.
ITT: fans of Hillary Clinton 
Where do they even pull stats like this from?
But Clinton is a woman!  /s
Hillary is the candidate of women. Rich white women and Debbie Wasserman Schultz.
Then again, why would Hillary donate to Bernie?
There aren't as many female CEOs. 
That's not hard considering most of Clinton's donors are mainstream media outlets, banks, etc, of which Bernie refuses to call her out on.
But women are supposed to vote for Hillary! It's her turn!
Splitting hairs but 301k - 240k =/= 71k. It's 61k. But I digress.
But hold on...according to the internet all women are feminists and Hilary lovers. How is this possible? /s
I mean, it makes sense, Hilary doesn't receive much (any?) crowd funding.
It's official: the Bernie Sanders circle jerk now to include female Redditors.
"thousands more" 

wow, such a great statistic. great title.

...a 'percentage' difference would've been less sensationalist. 


More proof that all women hate each other.
It's official!

Doesn't really matter.
at a factor of 1000's, $5 and $10 bill's dont really mean that much.
I'm not going to donate to someone just because they have a vagina like me. 
I'm convinced my fellow women millenials can save us from ourselves. 
We'll get a woman next time, y'all, we promise.
For now, we've got a country to save!
[deleted]
How does Bernie plan to pay for all the programs he is promising? Social security is a bust. Medicare is down the same path. The 1 percent can't cover it all. 
I heard somewhere that "voting for Hilary because she is a woman is like eating a turd because it looks like a snickers".
Bernie and his supporters are so stupid lmfao. Socialism cant work because of the economic calculation problem. 
Also, Bernie is a fraud: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DqPmOFCmLkw
unelectable Ron Paul 2.0
And Reddit's Bernie Fap continues... hopefully you'll make this much of an effort to promote Hillary against whatever terrorist I mean republican she runs against next year.
You all are insane to think that Bernie Sanders is going to be any different than any other candidate up there...you all clearly do not understand how politics really work
Dear USA, take it from a German who had a female head of government for a decade now: The gender of a politician means jack sh*t if she (or he) isn't willing do actually stand up for her beliefs in gender equality against interest groups and the elders of her party.
The amount of shaudenfreude will be so high when he loses
This isn't surprising to me. Bernie Sanders sides with parts of feminist philosophy because it's what he believes, Hillary Clinton does it because it's what she thinks will get her elected right now.
Bernie accepts SNAP cards?
More people want Bernie, but we will get Hillary.  When Hillary wins the nomination, it will be proof that we live in an oligarchy and not a democracy. 
Yeah, but more corporations are donating to Hillary.  Who cares what actual humans thinks?
Binders of them!
And he will get creamed.
Is this supposed to mean something? Ron Paul got the most donations from vets. Obviously he wasn't most popular among vets.
yay! and he still won't win
Yeah man it will be the next president.
Why is this sh1t news?
It's Official: As much as I respect Bernie Sanders, these posts are turning me off to his campaign. 
Tens of thousands! And they're all "real" donors, not just the pissant contributors that Hillary is referring to, who money is dwarfed by her maxed out contributors...let alone her super PACs.
This isn't a fair comparison, because if corporations counted as women then Hillary would have more. Shillary 2016!
Is it because he's our best choice regardless of gender?
Its Official: Women aren't stupid enough to support/vote for someone just because they have XX chromosomes.  I don't know why this doesn't get any attention, when you vote for somebody because you share the same skin color or gender, you're a fucking idiot. The idea that women would vote for Hillary because she is female SHOULD be really fucking insulting to women.
**It’s Official:** Anyone can build a web site to make shit up and post it here for a circle jerk party! 

Get over it!
Women see right through her lies. Clinton is an opportunistic person and is about as cold blooded as they get. She will jump on whatever fucking bandwagon there is just to get her fucking picture in the news. Bernie..just has to be himself no pretentiousness at all. So sick and tired of Bush's and Clintons always in the fucking spotlight when you have good people like Bernie.
What, you mean that women have working brains and won't just support Billary because she has a vagina too?
If Hillary beats this wonderful man, Americans really are stupid.
Woman like socialism. In a free market men tend to out-compete them.
We should expect women to abandon Hillary, but we also expect minorities to abandon the horrible choices of the Democratic party too.  You just can't elect trash.
That'll make the young white male nerds here who hate Hillary, and want to vote an old white guy into office, feel much better.  Until the primaries, when reality hits this sub like a rock to the face.
Sanders supporters: God Damn Hillary for mentioning her female donors! SEXIST SEXIST SEXIST!!!

Oh hey an article about Bernie's female donors?? UPVOTE!!!!!
I am growing more and more confident that Sanders will win the democratic primary, regardless of how low he is in the polls compared to Clinton..
Under condition of anonymity a Clinton campaign spokesman revealed that the campaign is considering having Clinton mention her gender 5 times per speech instead of the usual 3.  The spokesman said they also kicked the idea of a sex tape around,  but they couldn't find any volunteers to make the tape.
thumbnail looks like grandma bernie sanders
Literally THOUSANDS    
I'm just upset that they are not in the millions.
Who the fuck cares.  Tell me the facts of their viewpoints for fuck off.
No surprise. Woman mostly just do what they are told by their husbands.
Hello friends, please, i need a true friend here?
He may have MORE women donors, but Hillary's female donors have given more MONEY than Bernie's.
I guess since Bill Clinton was the first black president, Bernie will be the first woman president.
They're EXTREMELY hopeful over someone who looks like they will have their best shot at regaining either chamber.
came here for jokes about binders, was not let down

I can see I'm not needed, carry on
In order to have it both ways?
Luckily Clinton has a political legacy and massive money fueling her.
Can't wait for next year so we can start the circle jerk around Hillary 
Thank God and thank those women.
Whoops!
Bernie only wants to include russia in a shared racial identity.
[Feel the Bern](http://cdn.lifebuzz.com/images/101204/lifebuzz-96f659c28a90e06a69dbd9927e3ee526-limit_2000.jpg)
Also, it is still larger than 60% of that political party.
I stopped paying my student loans because I believe he will still look for places to curb unnecessary spending while at least I have no problem with the rest of this sub, aren't really newsworthy.
Not sure why gender has to be involved in politics at all, people should just think about whats being said by the candidates and vote for what they think is right. Shit like this makes me mad, I dont get why gender matters so much to everyone
I'd love to see opposing candidates debate each other before the primaries happen. It'd be interesting to see how they deal with other than the competition from their own parties.
Evidence is irrelevant. 

Trump supporters simply *know* that black people are responsible for most white murders. They simply *know* that Syrian refugees are almost all young males, probably extremists. They simply *know* that most Mexicans are lazy, or criminal, or both. They simply *know* that taxing the wealthy would ruin America.

When you *know* all these things, why would you care about evidence? It's so easy just to dismiss evidence that goes against what you already *know*. And it's just as easy to dismiss any tricksy, lefty crazyman who'd try to bring up such obviously terrible evidence.

The argument is not won with evidence, it's won with volume and a 5th grader's vocabulary. 
People don't care if Trump is lying. He stokes anger and hatred in them, gives them a target to vent it on, and that's good enough. 

History doesn't exactly provide a good precedent for this sort-of behavior. And yet here we are.
Bernie would come armed with facts and statistics.  Trump would come armed with smart ass comments and vicious insults.

In the end, Bernie would look boring and Trump would be declared the winner because he had the best zingers and one-liners of the night.  That's the sad reality of politics today.

**EDIT:**  To everyone hitting my mail box... YES, we've all seen Bernie get angry and fired up - that's not the point.  The media won't care that Bernie was right on the issues, or how livid he got.  The media will focus on the shock value *and/or* comedic value of Trump's rude insults (just like they always do). No one will remember the issue at hand, but they'll certainly remember Trump's insults because THAT will become the news story.  Like I said... That's the sad reality of politics today.
Well, Bernie, if you and Trump both win the primary, you'll have all the time in the world to debate each other.
OH I WOULD TOTALLY FIGHT YOU IF IT WEREN'T FOR MY BRO PRIMARY HERE HOLDING ME BACK
&gt; Sanders: 'I don't know where Mr. Trump gets his evidence.' 

I'll take "He pulls it out of his ass for $400, Alex."
CNN degradation in reporting is cringeworthy. 
What I don't get is why more people aren't calling Trump on his bullshit. I mean seriously. He just makes crap up and all these people are like yup Trump is the man.
Climate change causes terrorism. 
this isn't a GOP vs dem issue, this is an issue of largely under educated and disenfranchised whites finding a voice in Trump that they had thought long lost when the demographics of the country changed so dramatically over the past 30 years

this is a group of people that are heavily drawn to the idea of a strong white American president simply displaying his strength and all of America's enemies laying down their arms in fear of such a strong burly man that espouses the trueness of American exceptionalism

a group of people that believe "got balls?" is a valid interpretation of the perceived failures of foreign policy and the nuance associated with actually dealing with a sophisticated and powerful global leaders that now populate every corner of the world

there is no room for critical thought in this way of life 

nothing anyone says or does will be able to lift these people out of their beliefs, but the GOP latching onto the teet of trump will, eventually and surely, spell the demise of this once great party
Only if it wasn't for that darn primary! 
will the american people listen to facts or follow their emotions?
&gt; chuckle...

Well that was awkward.  Why in the world would they leave that bit in?
What percentage of Trump's supporters care that he is lying or would change their minds if he were exposed as a liar?
Why does he keep dodging rand paul?
I don't like trump, but he would eviscerate sanders in a debate.  It's just a simple matter of communication styles.  I've watched the republican debates.  He always loses in substance, but wins the popularity contest. 
Donald Trump can showboat, but I haven't seen him actually debate anything on the stage. He would be destroyed by any of the 3 democratic candidates.
As much as I like Bernie, debating Trump would be a waste of time. He's 100% full of shit and the media will only embrace Trump's ridiculousness. If it were to come down to an election between these two, Bernie would slaughter him. 
Bernie, do it to Hillary first. Then you can do it against Trump when you win the Primary.

Sincerely,

Every Bernie supporter that wants you to paint Hillary in a more negative light.
I would like that, too.  But I wish that he'd go after Hillary's own lies, damn lies and statistics with the same vigor, and he's had the chance in the debates.  If he doesn't, he won't get the nomination and will never have the chance, if it is Trump.
God willing...
Would this be the political equivalent of Bill Nye vs Ken Hamm?
It was an old Washington Post article that he blew out of proportion. Allegedly an unconfirmed number of people were detained for celebrating after the attacks. 
I wonder why he wouldn't debate Rand Paul? Same reason(s) trump won't debate him.
That'd be awesome. A debate between two people who couldn't secure their party's nomination. 
Too bad Clinton will get the nomination because young people don't vote.

And I do a killer Bernie impression too.
Debate Rand Paul!
Isn't this the guy who writes a policy around the gender pay gap myth? 
If he won't even debate the nicer, politically correct &amp; fellow senator rand paul, how the hell does he think he can handle trump?
*no evidence*

Except for this WAPO article from 9/18/01 cited here by powerline

Trump probably didn't see "thousands", but it would appear that *it happened* and WAPO wrote an article on it.

http://www.powerlineblog.com/archives/2015/11/when-the-press-attacks-donald-trump-the-truth-is-optional.php
Sanders would rather face off with Trump than Rand? Lolol ok.
funny how he's more eager to 'take on' a clown than he is to engage in a debate with actual substance.. i.e. socialism vs. (true) capitalism.


The reality is that Sanders knows dick about economics and would probably end up making a fool of himself.
[deleted]
But doesn't acknowledge Rand Paul's offer to debate socialism vs capitalism. Seems like he knows he would lose.
Truly regret we won't see it, it would be the highest rated debate ever. 

But both of these guys have been trapped in the same poll position for months now essentially. Sanders managed to crawl his way to 30pts, but Trump has not been able to escape this 25-30 hole and when Carson's supporters bail for probably Rubio it will be game over for Trump. 
"Does the truth matter?"

She was baiting him with a media tactic and he didn't fall for it. "That was just the tone, I'll move on." What a cunt.


There was an old saying about candidates: "Democrats fall in love, Republicans fall in line."

I think the Republicans are starting to see that the fall-in-line voters are starting to die off. The remaining Republicans want to have a say in their party. Mitt Romney was kind of the last straw because he was obviously a quality candidate, but he was so obviously beholden to the party's money machine, he ended up looking like a ventriloquist puppet.

Trump, on the other hand, is obviously not being controlled by the party. He isn't beholden to the Republican money machine. That appeals to the people who feel like they've been required to vote for the next ventriloquist puppet and they're not happy with that any more.

Bernie Sanders comes across as genuine as well. Hillary Clinton, does not. She comes across as a party mouth piece. I'm thinking that most voters will back the least unsavory genuine person.

Which means:
Tump v. Clinton = Trump. (genuine v. fake)

Trump v. Sanders = Sanders. (genuine ass-hat v. genuine statesman)

Any other Republican candidate v. Clinton = Clinton (super-fake v. not quite as fake)

Any other Republican candidate v. Sanders = Sanders (fake v. genuine)

That's how I see it . . . and I'm most likely wrong.
How about you take up [Senator Rand Paul's challenge for an hour debate](http://truthinmedia.com/rand-paul-bernie-sanders-debate-socialism-capitalism/) on socialism vs capitalism? I would love to see how your economic pphilosophy holds up against his. Picking Trump for a debate is like picking on the slow kid on the play ground, take the real challenge With Senator Paul. 
Was just thinking about this earlier today. If Bernie started debating trump now, I think it would be worth being barred from the rest of the debates. 
This is why I'm voting for Bernie Sanders!
Trump would crush Sanders in this debate.  Debates aren't scored like boxing matches, they're scored by how the viewer feels watching them.  Nobody will 'feel the bern' watching bernie old man tell his rocking chair stories of how things ought to be.  
I'm pretty sure the smell would give it away.
And they know that their God is the only God that matters and that he is right and that he is an American....
I know it's overstated here but Sanders is trying to appeal to his sensibilities and values.
I'm pretty sure he makes them up.
Bring on this debate. I'd watch it in theaters.
I would prefer to see Carly Fiorina against Hillary Clinton.
I keep asking my Trump supportive friends who will vote for Trump besides some gun owning, middle class, white males?  That usually makes them upset.  When I ask about women, elderly, minorities, etc...they get more upset.
Politics isn't about right or wrong anymore for 90% of the voters. It's who looks best doing it....
Please put Trump on the same stage as Sanders. Please please please. 
The only way you can take out Trump is to turn everyone in the media against like they did in the 90s. He'll go away for about a decade and hide. 
I love Bernie.  This was a stupid point to try to make.  You can't prove a negative.  Bernie has no way to prove that Trump didn't see this.   

The sentiment is absolutely in the right place from Bernie, but the tactic is all wrong politically speaking.  
The best part of the article was the end, with the quote from Christie saying he didn't remember that happening, and then the quote from Carson saying he saw it on video. 

The top two candidates will lie about absolutely anything.
If they were to debate Trump would rehearse a bunch of talking points, jokes, and insults, and the rest would be filler like "I have a lot of people that support me, and I've made billions of dollars, I got this"

What I wanna see is a sneak attack debate, like they tell Bernie and Trump they have a meeting with their campaign manager and just lock them in a room with 2 podiums and let the cameras roll live.

I think that /r/politics is circlejerk central lately about Sanders, but Bernie would FUCKING DESTROY Trump!  Trump is so full of bluster he is about explode, meanwhile Bernie has actual knowledge of the issues.  He might not be the best entertainer, but I bet he can recite facts about litigation and policy in his sleep.
If you want your debates to see both sides.
But he won't debate Ron Paul...
Kind of like how Rand Paul would enjoy the chance to take on Sanders to expose his fabrications...
Uggghhhh see, this happened to me when Obama first ran for president... he was saying things I liked and was like FINE, I'LL VOTE FOR HIM because McCain was just batshit crazy at this point and would've reinstated the draft eventually I'm sure, but then I regretted Obama's second term, and now I'm sitting here, conservative af and thinking I'm probably gonna end up voting for Bernie because the rest of the candidates batshit insane at this point.

I'm extremely upset at Ben Carson for agreeing with (Trump) on ignorant things, because Carson was my first choice, but I haven't fact-checked just yet. Once I do that, I'll probably make my decision and hate myself for it all over again.

Our government really does suck.
America is doomed, Trump should have been scoffed off at the start, the fact that his running for president has even been entertained just proves that Americans are fucking retarded, the country deserves Trump.
First mistake: using big words like "fabrications".  This confuses the average voter.
Bernie wants to debate trump on issues but he's too timid to debate Hillary on anything? Seems legit.
Trump has no proof, or evidence, or anything resembling legitimacy for just about everything he says. It certainly won't stop him from saying it, nor will he admit he is wrong in the face of obvious evidence disputing his claims. It's pointless to take him on, because anything he says, made up or not, is gospel to his followers. Sen. Sanders would make more progress just slamming his own head against a wall, rather than having a conversation with Mr. Trump.
My personal political wet dream would be for a Sanders vs. Trump debate, with FactCheck moderating and their staff calling bullshit claim by claim, with a running tally of lies told.  I'd want it to be on every network during prime time and I'd watch it for three or four hours.
That is the thing though.  I was watching CNN last night and they were interviewing people about his 9/11 comments and many of his supporters do not give a FUCK about facts.  Period.  They could listen to opposing facts all day long against Trump throwing out bullshit and they would still support him.
Wish he'd say the same about Hillary. 
Real conservatism is dangerous.
He does not need evidence. I about fell out of my chair laughing when I was watching the news the other night and they were reporting about Trump's 9/11 claims. The reporter said Trump said he knows there were Muslims cheering when the towers fell because he saw it on TV and he has "the world's greatest memory".
Why should Trump give a shit about some internet meme politician? Let the real politicians do the politics and get your attention somewhere else.
Most of the population doesn't know who Berny Sanders is outside of a few comments on the news - he looks like an old man who needs to retire - not presidential material (sorry, but the public is very superficial - it's true).

All Trump would have to do is ask Bernie Sanders how he wishes to pay for all these services he promising, then when Bernie goes on an blabs about "taxing wallstreet speculation" - Trump, who actually has experience IN Wallstreet, would destroy him and it would be evident to the common citizen that voting for Berny Sanders is a ticket to raise your taxes. That would kill his numbers with independents, as most full-time working Americans are utterly sick of seeing upwards of 30% of there check being taken from them.

Berny would not survive that fight.
[Donald Trump would be a great leader of a Baboon nation](http://www.zazzle.com/donald_trump_would_be_a_great_leader_for_baboons_car_bumper_sticker-128427132787136263).
Do you know how value is calculated? Value is decided by what someone is willing to pay for it. The value of your services is based upon what your employer thinks your services are worth. 

Another aspect of value, how flooded is the marketplace? How many open positions are there? How competitive is the job market? Is there more experienced labor I can pay the same amount?

Again you could have a college degree and be unemployable because you're the biggest piece of shit imaginable and no one wants to work with you. 

So just because you pay x amount for a degree doesn't mean it's valuable. Entiendo?
Bring it on Sanders, you can't stump the Trump.
You're assuming that this disgusting motherfucker has evidence at all 
Trump may exaggerate sometimes but what he says is true.  The latest "everything he says is a lie" tactic will just drive him higher in the polls like every other attempt to destroy him has.
Why don't you debate Rand then coward?
Liberals are tolerant of everyone unless you disagree with them. This comment couldn't be more true if that statement by Grummy Cunt. 
Trump has no evidence, he has a microphone and money.
Based upon his meek reaction to the BLM interruption, I guarantee you Trump would have zero trouble shouting down everything he says.
Reddit has such a boner for this guy he could say he molested a 4 year old and he would still be looked at as a hero. I don't hate the guy for his views. I don't like him because of the perpetual reddit blowjob he receives. 
Be careful what you wish for, Bernie.
Sanders is a terrible debater. Clinton will do a much better job. 
Trump being Trump and Bernie explaining basic economics would be gold. 
He's pretty exposed already, people just don't care. 
man, could you imagine how frustrated trump would get in a town hall style debate with even a few antagonists

i kinda wanna see that now
Or he could take up Rand's challenge, but he won't even pay attention. People keep on saying back when Sanders wasn't as big "oh no they don't pay attention to us, why aren't they giving us a fair shake" then he does the same shit.
God I fucking love Bernie.
Oh no Bernie! Don't mess with the Trump, he'll put you on the bus back to Vermont real quick.
It doesn't take intelligence or bravery to go after Trump. He should take Rand Paul's offer and debate him instead.
Seriously, can we get one of those Sidebar Filters like /r/news uses, so that those of us that don't want to be spammed 24/7 by whatever Mod is on the Sanders Payroll don't have to be subjected to this bullshit?
"There's nothing more that I'd enjoy than a chance to take on Donald Trump"

Wow he cares about fighting Trump more than winning the presidency.

/#NotALeader
So do it?
haha, nothing will work boo hoo, every time we try to take their words out of context they just get stronger boo hoo, every time we play gotcha we end up being the ones who are wrong boo hoo, why wont our gross exaggerations work anymore boo hoo.

you guys are wasting your time yet again, for one what Trump said was 100% dead nuts accurate, thats why his poll numbers went up instead of down, I saw the coverage on Muslims and blacks cheering when the towers fell on 911, and the Washington post even did a story on it at the time, I remember reading it like it was yesterday and so do millions of other people. and just because your biased media wants to pretend it didnt happen, it wont erase history.

all this crap does is give you guys something to talk about among yourselves, because folks who would vote for Trump or Carson simply dont care, because they know the truth, and any reasonable person knows there are anti American Muslims living in the states for Christ sakes, and any notion otherwise is just willful ignorance . all you will accomplish with this nonsense is push more moderates their way.


blah ahahahahahahahahah http://www.debbieschlussel.com/80396/trump-right-on-us-muslim-cheers-for-911-but-got-city-wrong-wash-post-cites-schlussel/

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G-p1LEBAujE boo hoo.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NxklsBVub-s boo hoo. 

but but our media said we was right and Trump was wrong, why do his poll numbers just keep going up, mommy mommy boo hoo the American people wont believe our lies anymore, boo hoo, every time we tell one of our lies about republicans they get more and more votes this is so unfair boo hoo   

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3-GzAQWTsRI boo hoo

    


you can't stump the Trump bernfags


But in RepublicanLand; in the FoxNews bubble of teatardedness, having something you believe exposed as a fabrication doesn't change anything.  It only makes you believe the lie even harder, otherwise the dirty commie hippies win.  Facts are the enemy. That's the level of delusional bullshit that America is up against.
That would be interesting, Trump would easily hold his own.
Trump has created thousands of jobs. What has Bernie Sanders done besides live on the public dole for the past 30 years? Although Trump probably would come unprepared for the debate lol. He has more important things to do - like go on SNL or say he saw thousands of Muslims celebrating 9-11.
Sanders's first mistake was assuming there was "evidence" or that Trump would at least pretend there was some source for these things he says.

There's no evidence. Trump just says what his followers want to hear.  Even he knows they're not based in reality.
He might take on Trump...

But he won't face Rand.
Probably the same place Bernie gets his economics lessons. Also, Trump's just a racist democrat. 
He shouldn't worry about trump. He needs to worry about debunking Hillary's BS. 
It would be like debating a child.
It sounds like both Trump and Carson are going all in on the wingnuts, hoping their collective vote will be enough to get them in. 
Trump would wipe the floor with him.  TV appearance matters (see Clinton, Obama, Ronnie, JFK).  High energy Trump vs old man Bernie.  

Example of an exchange:

Bernie - The rich like Mr. Trump need to pay their fair share
Trump - You are an old fool and a communist.
Crowd - *cheers*

Bernie - Mr. Trump wants a database for Muslims! 
Trump - This is the guy who hid from Black Lives Matter.  He is weak and incompetent.  If he was running one of my companies I would fire him.  

The masses would eat up everything Trump dishes out.  This notion that the masses (who don't even pay attention to the race until the last few months) would see Bernie as someone electable is laughable.   

Hell look how many voted for Palin to be one step away from the presidency.    


FeeltheBern
Sounds like the talk of someone about to get stumped 
he can't even grammar, and we're supposed to president him?!
Oh ppllleeeeaase do bernie, please.
Edgy
Here is a classic case, or two.  (I'm going from memory so I may have some of the facts wrong!)

In the province of Ontario, Canada, we have a database with special clearance used by the police and the Ministry of Transportation (MTO) that links car licence plates with the individual who owns the plates.  This database can be used to find the vehicle owned by a individual or the reverse and it also can be used to find where they live, etc.

A biker gang in Ontario managed to get a female gang member employed by the Ontario Ministry of Transportation with clearance to use the database. The gang promptly had her tracking down people they didn't like. A little crime wave had started and police were mystified about how the gang became so ruthlessly efficient at harming its enemies. It took a long time for the police to connect the dots and remove the person from the MTO.

Now for the aside:

This is the equivalent of opening a back door for the good guys.  The bad guys will open it wide in a week or two just like when Sony put root kits on their media.  I bet within months there will be a scandal in politics because the not so savoury parts press will be listening in on the politicians (its happened before); the financial scammers will have emptied your grandmother's bank account (there goes your inheritance); and, nudes of your 16 year old daughter that she sent in trust to her first boyfriend, who you actually like, will be trading on some Chan in two weeks.

And inadvertently you have given Daesh access to everything too!
Backdoors doesn't even work against terrorism which seem to be the main selling point. I mean the bad guys in France didn't even use encryption, just plain old SMS.
What good guys?
how is this even a public conversation and why are people not speaking up about it? if i tried to sell them a house with no locks on it they would be furious, but there is so much more that can be stolen from many cell phones and once the backdoor is there there is no getting rid of it

In much the same way you can't "ban" encryption, not at this point anyway.  Really, you never could have.  It's out there, there is no going back.
Can't they just make it illegal to use for the bad guys?
What he is trying to say is that if you put in a back door, hackers will find a way to exploit it.
The sad fact is this basic common sense approach will be ignored by the politicians pushing for this.  
And the flip side of that argument is that you can't keep the bad guys from buying strong encryption for themselves.
What the government is proposing is to leave the general population open to hackers around the world while the terrorists keep their privacy.
I think I heard this in a porno once.
I like Apple computers for technical reasons, have used nothing else in more than a decade. But this attitude by Apple is the reason why I finally replaced my Android with an iPhone for the first time.
Anyone remember the Clipper Chip?
Even bad guys have the right to privacy before they have committed a crime. This isn't the future we were sold. 
I'm worried about the government using the claims that the Paris gunmen "had been studying Snowden" to ignore all this, and legally force backdoors down Apple's throats while simultaneously yelling "WAR ON TERROR! WAR ON TERROR! WAR ON TERROR!"

There are few incidents that gives more political leeway to privacy-invading legal mongering than terrorism attacks. And, let's face it, the government doesn't give a shit whether someone empties your bank account.
The people asking for the back door *are not* the good guys.
They aren't the "good guys". 
Also, good guys who put a back door in security become bad guys.
What a sorry state affairs when such an obvious point needs to be made.
Well, back doors, by definition, are for guys your mother wouldn't approve, right? 
Heh. Good guy back door. 
So true.

Many back doors are abused by bad guys in prisons all over the world.
That's what *she* says!
TIL Tim Cook is into bad boys 
Then stop BUILDING IT INTO YOUR DAMN PRODUCTS.
But who watches the watchmen?
Read *Digital Fortress* by Dan Brown. It's from 1998 but discusses this pretty well.
The government already issues secret court orders to force the licensed and encrypted utilities to snitch. They might as well just go full dystopian and ramp up the police state, going door to door looking for unlicensed networks and arresting users that refuse to report encrypted communication when ordered. It'd be authoritarian as hell but as long as we report it at least we could keep encryption so criminals wouldn't exploit our communications. But then we'd be full Orwell.
Really Forbes? Are your editors 10 years old? He said (quoted in proper case directly from your article), "You can't have a back door that is only for the good guys." NOT "You can't have a back door That is only for the good guys." The way they chose to case "That" implies that Cook was suggesting that backdoors are ok for the good guys when in fact he was saying that if you have a backdoor, the bad guys will use it as well. I'm surprised Forbes didn't go ahead and add a period. 

I know a lot of redditors don't like Apple. However, when it comes to your privacy, Apple is a far better partner than Google. Apple is a hardware company. That's how they make their money so they have no interest in your personal information and in fact see protecting your privacy as a feature of using their products. Google, OTOH, makes their living by knowing as much about you as possible. This is why I use DuckDuckGo as my search engine (which Apple supports quite well btw).
Thanks Tim Cook, for ending this debate with one sentence.
I know that Tim Cook is right but I also know that people, in general, will just shrug and say "well they're keeping us safe and I have nothing to hide". In fact, Tim becomes a larger and larger target every time there is an attack. Some asshat in "the media" will claim, rightly or wrongly, that encryption was somehow used and it is therefore killing people and Cook is to blame.

So I'm not really all that optimistic that the big tech companies won't be forced to add these backdoors. They may, in fact, already be faced with NSLs or could be in the near future.

By the way, anyone know if Apple phones sold in China have the same encryption options as phones sold in the US?
Totally read this as "you can't have a backdoor, that's only for good guys." Punctuation is important lol.
&gt; Are we willing to give up our privacy? 

This app requires access to the microphone and network.  Continue with installation if you agree.
Given the horrendous and criminal behavior that we have seen some cops involved in, I wouldn't trust them with access to my private data.  What's stopping a bad cop from selling our data to the highest bidder?  I bet they'd get away with it too, even if they were caught and there was incontrovertible evidence of their guilt.
should that not be "The Good Guys"  ?
Also the ones requesting it are not good guys, nor is the real intent the stated intent.
You actually can, but it's only going to be for the "good guys" for a *very* limited amount of time compared to the amount of time the software with that vulnerability will remain around.
Tim Cook is smooth. 
He's a "nice guy" CEO persona.
Is it genuine? 
Okay guys, for those of you like me that can't read and got confused by this headline, there's no comma in it. You imagined a comma.
Banning encryption is the equivalent of saying people cannot speak in code person to person. Also, explain to me how you ban open-source environments? The whole argument is made by completely uninformed politicians.    
A teenager could write an encrypted chat program in less than a day. You could even encrypt and decrypt a message with paper and pencil. Ruining the security of phones and apps will not change this. Encryption is just math. You cannot prevent people from using math no matter how hard you try. The solution is to outsmart the bad guys, not pretend we can ban math. False security is worse than no security.
ITT: backdoor jokes.
Governmental intelligence needs to be the best of the best (or the best that is willing to work for governmental pay) to protect our country, if they can't figure out a way to do their work without using a "backdoor", they will never be able to protect us.
If you read between the lines what they are really after is a secure level of encryption for the government and the corporate plutocrats and ineffective encryption for the rest of us, Islamic terrorism is only an excuse.
There are no good guys.  If someone NEEDS a backdoor to spy on Americans, they likely aren't doing it for noble reasons.  
How would supporters of weakening encryption answer the question about why they keep their doors locked at night if they don't have anything to hide? 
The US government is unable to protect the data on it's own servers, do you honest believe that they will protect yours?

Even if an argument can be made to force companies to put back doors in their software for security reasons this doesn't answer the question of when does the next line get crossed? In other words... the very arguments for "national security" can be expanded to almost any other reason allowing the government to use any excuse to force entry into anybody's phone or computer to get their information - even if those same people have never run foul of the law. What happens if our data gets compromised by hackers after the government forces back doors on our devices? Wouldn't this allow class action lawsuits against the government for allowing back doors to be built into our smartphones? 
When computer scientists make statements like "it is not possible to have a backdoor only for the good guys," we don't mean "it is too hard," or "we don't want to try." We mean it is *NOT POSSIBLE*. Like in the same way it is not possible to build a perpetual motion machine, or go faster than the speed of light, or build a right triangle which disobeys a^2 + b^2 = c^2. This is not up for debate. It is built into the fabric of reality.

It's kind of like the https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indiana_Pi_Bill
Whenever I see the ethics of digital security discussed I always like to see how the arguments would sound if they were discussing far simpler tangible technology .

Since encryption is essentially a lock I think that having  is a good equivalent. Could you imagine the uproar if, at the turn of the 19th century, the American government deemed locked away documents  to be a threat to national security,and decided that all new models of "lock, safe and security box" must include a government approved backdoor? Even if they announced that, only a few agencies would have the skeleton key to open every safe in the country, something tells me the idea would end the careers of the politicians/civil servants who attempted to introduce it.

Amazing how public opinion changes when the technology is digital, intangible and complex enough to prevent the general public from understanding why a the concept of a government mandated backdoor is so offensive to anyone familiar with encryption and digital security.
The fact that a government official would even suggest to weaken encryption is mind blowing. This kind of decision making can only be attributed to lack of understanding, and decision making without understanding isn't actual decision making. 
Can the CIA try to get the terrorists to download special "encryption" software that doesn't actually encrypt the data very well? Unless they have some good computer science guys they might not even realize that they aren't actually encrypting.

Encryptomatic 3000! 
I think she is now against it, but when some hacker gets around to her private emails with the backdoor-weakness, she is gonna ask for better encryption.

If you leave your home keys in your flower-pot, some criminal will eventually find them and get access just the same as trusted people.
No Encryption = No CryptoWall Ransomware
My concern is that the current intelligence community has a budget that is estimated to be in the tens of billions of dollars, over 100,000 employees spread across 16 agencies and none of it was able to find out or expose what Anonymous has just achieved in five days. 

We now know that the Paris attacks were executed with unencrypted, disposable flip phones and no intelligence agency was able to infiltrate that plan. I'm afraid that the NSA has become such a gigantic beurocratic mess that more money, more people, more facilities and more authorities wouldn't help even if they were granted with some magical, non-existent, back-door access. 

The NSA has shown that it knows how to collect data - including this post - it just doesn't know how to use what it collects in any meaningful way. 
Free market conservatives, small government Tea Party members, and Libertarians are clearly against this, right? 

After the Snowden leaks of what the NSA was doing with section 215 of the Patriot Act private businesses realized their customers wanted tighter encryption that would prevent any entity from peeking in, or gaining access through 3rd party search warrants. Customers wanted these features, and thus providing them was a smart business move that likely increased sales and kept the company's products competitive. To now try and argue that the government should expand for the purpose of meddling in that supply and demand system violates several conservative tenants. If the reason for these ideological violations is national security, then it has been conceded that there are reasons to meddle in the market and expand government reach. Once that door has been slightly opened, people will find a way to push it all the open, expanding government in other areas. Its almost like this is how our government has gotten so big in the first place. I feel like I'm just going around and around in in never ending cycle!

Oh, I thought government was terrible and inefficient at everything it did? Why is it to be trusted in this specific area, but not any others?
That what I've been trying to tell my girlfriend.. 
Why Is Every Word Capitalized?
With encryption, you control who has a key to your lock.

Without encryption, nobody controls who has a key to your lock.
Oh pardon me while I create a 'secret' exploit embedded in the code which any fuck face can see or find if they want to.

 Yeah I'll get right on that after I bang teenage angelina jolie, spary paint my laptop and wear a leopard print fucking leotard. I BET I LEFT IT WITH MY GODDAMN ROLLER BLADES IN A SHITTY 80S ERA MOVIE ABOUT MADE UP COMPUTER MAGIC. 


We've had this debate already, and it turns out, it's a dumb idea.

https://youtu.be/YG0bUmuj4tg?t=1091

There was a congressional hearing in April about it, and on all accounts, from every angle, it has been and always will be not only dumb, but also impossible even if we wanted to.

The whole meeting is a beautiful dressing down of the FBI for even asking.
Here's how to ELI5 this for the cretins who think "safe backdoors" are possible:

Every door is for good guys.  Locks are for bad guys.  For every lock there is a guy determined to break it.  For every secret door, there is a guy able to find it.  For every sign that says "good guys only" there is a crowd of guys who will laugh and ignore it.
"Good guys"
that's actually pretty comforting because it means a totalitarian system that controls everything won't work
They can already backdoor through targeted software updates but they want to see everything just in case. I, for one, welcome our new all seeing overlords.
Who decides who are the "good guys"?
Do I get to choose who has back door access to my information?
The reason why my Apple laptops never get a single virus...but my PC computers were always virally infected. I also looked at way too much porn online in my teens, which obviously biases my opinion. 
Apple's CEO knows all about back door entry.
Who are the "good guys"?
Also, you can't always know if the good guys are actually good guys.
Why not just call him Tim Cook? we all know his name already...
&gt;pretending the terrorist scum who run the US government ever were or ever will be "good guys." 

Nice one Tim, you got me good. 
His Grinder account said the same thing 
What is appalling about this ENTIRE state of affairs is the whole basis of the Constitution was the Founding Father's fear of the state (or any other entity) becoming too powerful.

When you have the state assigning virtue to only those it deems compliant -  it is so in violation to the principles of the Constitution its not even funny.
Google on other hand will never enable end-to-end encryption in ANY of their products (I know it's a bit of apples to oranges, no pun intended, comparing products to services, seeing as Google doesn't sell products and even the so called "products" they offer are actually services) or else they would go out of business in a week. 
Jean has a long mustache.  
Living in the the country, and you've got the gate to your barn chained. You've got the chain padlocked. With two padlocks.
One is for you, your family, etc. One is for the fire department, Police, emergency etc.
That's the 'back door that's only for the good guys'.
We should stop calling this "back door" because it's more of a front door.  
Thanks for the laugh. Completely smarmy duplicity, anyone?
Eh? Wasn't Apple part of Snowden's list?
The fact that a grown man believes in "good guys" reflects an immaturity which is easily taken advantage of. Sadly his actions affect the security of us all.
Having a backdoor on encryption is essentially like having a self-destruct button on the outside of a bunker.
I like your mom's security policy of leaving the back door wide open to everybody. 
That's probably the dumbest thing said this year by a ceo.
I'm not sure but you can. If you create two keys you just cutting its security in half. Two keys with 256 bit encryption have the same security as one key with 128 bit encryption.
In today's day and age we don't know who the good guys are because our govt violates our rights for the sake of national security all the time. My data my encryption fuck off everyone else.
Since when did anyone think that only good guys work for the government?  Hasn't anyone had a history lesson?  There are plenty of bad guys who work for the government.  In addition, there are times when people who work for the government will, with the best intention, make mistakes and use information they discover via government intrusion to do horrible, devastating things to innocent people.  

Giving backdoor access to private information to members of the government, good guys, bad guys, and good guys with good intentions but flawed ideas, will absolutely harm innocent people.  I don't want to give more power to harm innocent people to ANY of those three groups, even if only two of those groups will actually do any harm to innocent people.  Since there is no way to know which government employees are in which group, the only safe way to do this is to deny the access to all three groups.
Between Hillary Clinton's and the Justice Department's arrogant naivete and a tech CEO on this issue, I'm going to side with the tech CEO because they recognize the threats involved more than technically illiterate politicians, judges, legislators and law enforcement officials ever will.
Sounds like Tim likes bad boys. 
As somebody who uses encryption daily, and certainly appreciates it, I never had much tolerance for government requests (demands?) for back doors.  I was very clearly on the privacy side of the argument.

I'm still on that side, but I heard something once that made the issue more difficult for me.  It was the simple analogy made by somebody in law enforcement.  I don't remember who.   He said something like this:

Imagine that somebody made a car with a trunk that couldn't be opened by anybody but the owner.  Even if you had a warrant, with probable cause that there were drugs inside... or a body... or a kidnapped child.  You could not open it, because in the name of strong security against criminals and an invasive government who has no business knowing what a private citizen puts in their trunk, this manufacturer had responded to that demand with a trunk that absolutely could not be opened by anybody except the owner.

From a law enforcement and public safety standpoint, that trunk would be a problem.

I have never looked at technology security the same again.
But it's working so well with gun control! It's illegal so OBVIOUSLY criminals wont even try.... 
That's what she said. 
[deleted]
Apple has had the backdoor.for.15 years.  Ok NEW ceo tim cook...whatever u say...
I think Tim Cook knows a thing or two about back doors.
[deleted]
This is kind of funny considering he is gay. I agree with him on this completely.
says the gay guy.
&gt;Eliminates the estate tax, gift tax, Alternative Minimum Tax and the **Affordable Care Act** (and its 3.8 percent surtax on investment income)

Wait, what?  Kind of burying the lede, no?


Jeez, this sounds often familiar

&gt;He [Kerry] talks about middle-class tax cuts. That's exactly where the tax cuts went. Most of the tax cuts went to low- and middle- income Americans. And now the tax code is more fair
- [George W. Bush, Third Bush-Kerry debate, Oct. 13, 2004](http://www.debates.org/index.php?page=october-13-2004-debate-transcript)

In 2012 the Congressional Research Service examined the effects of the Economic Growth and Tax Relief Act of 2001 and the Jobs and Growth Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2003 (collectively referred to as the Bush Tax Cuts). The most interesting aspect of the report is that CRS used the Suits Index to examine each provision of the tax cuts. The Suits index is a measure of the progressivity of tax benefits and varies between -1 (completely regressive) and +1 (completely progressive). The index is negative if the benefits from the provision are predominantly received by taxpayers in the upper part of the income distribution, and positive if the benefits predominately go to lower-income taxpayers. It is zero if the benefits are proportionately distributed throughout the income distribution. The measure was created by Daniel Suits in 1977 and is based on the Lorenz curve. The provisions of the Bush tax cuts broke down as follows:

[Provision] - [Suits index score]

* Reduced Tax Rates: 10%, 25%, 28% - 0.0895
* Reduced Tax Rates: 33%, 35% - -0.7979
* Repeal PEP/Pease - -0.7325
* Reduced Capital Gains Tax Rate - -0.5768
* Reduced Dividends Tax Rate - -0.6641
* Reduced Marriage Penalty - 0.1048
* Expanded Tax Credits - 0.6733

As can be seen, 4 of the 7 provisions have large negative values, showing that they were regressive taxes. Combined, the 7 provisions increased the Richest 1% after-tax income by 5.3%, while poorest poorest 4 quintiles saw an increase of, on average, 2%.

This doesn't even go into the disastrous effects that the tax cuts had on the federal budget between 2002 and 2011. In January 2001 the [Congressional Budget Office](https://www.cbo.gov/sites/default/files/107th-congress-2001-2002/reports/entire-report.pdf) predicted a cumulative federal surplus of $5.6 trillion for the 2002-2011 period, with federal debt dropping to $818 billion in 2011. Take that in for a second. The Clinton administration was running surpluses in the late 1990s, and under revenue and spending policies, and general economic assumptions, the 2011 federal debt was projected to be under a trillion dollars. In 2012 CBO [put out revised projections](https://www.cbo.gov/sites/default/files/cbofiles/attachments/06-07-ChangesSince2001Baseline.pdf) for the 2001-2011 period in an attempt to show why that projected $5.6 trillion budget surplus actually turned out to be a $6.1 trillion deficit, a swing of $11.7 trillion. Between 2001-2011 the 3 (previous two and the Working Families Tax Relief Act of 2004) major Bush Tax Cut laws had the actual effect of reducing revenues by a combined $1.6 trillion. Furthermore, what CBO calls "economic and technical" assumptions (assumptions based on economic growth) were adjusted downward to the effect of a reduction in revenues totaling $3.3 trillion. All that increased investment and job growth that Bush promised as a result of tax cuts didn't actually materialize. Additionally, discretionary and mandatory spending, combined with interest payments, actually increased for every year, with $500 billion in increases in 2001-2004 attributed to legislative changes.

Now, it's just another Bush, and a slew of Republican candidates, putting forward tax plans are simply are not sustainable given the long-term projections from CBO. Last time I checked CBO projected that by 2020 the portion of the federal debt held by the public would be about 84% of GDP. CBO has repeatedly stated that the current projections are unsustainable. With every candidate dying to be the one that cuts taxes the most, which are popular among Americans, but unable to cut spending because, take any spending program and a large segment of the population, Republican or Democrat, will want to keep it. Cutting taxes is popular, cutting spending programs is unpopular.

We have a system in which no one gives a damn about the longevity and future of the country as a whole, because everyone just wants immediate self-gratification right now. Strip away all these social, cultural, and postmodernist issues and the two parties are engaged in the type of class warfare that Aristotle recognized as far back as 300 bc. Republicans offering to slash revenues isn't going to help, and Sanders and Clinton offering to increase spending isn't going to help. The most practical solution is for everyone to grit their teeth for a while, pay more in taxes proportional to income, while freezing or reducing spending. One of the generations currently in the general population needs to realize that they have to "take one for the team."

I don't see it happening.


Just once I'd like to see a middle class tax cut for families making less than 60K a year and none for the rich.  The middle class create more jobs than anyone.
Standard Republican play book is to give the really poor who hardly pay any taxes at all (because they found the loophole of being poor) a ginormous tax break relative to what they pay which is nothing, totally screw the middle class, and then give the uber rich a slightly smaller ginormous percentage break than you gave the destitute. Then at the debate you claim you're giving the poor the biggest break. Rubio is right on track with this. 
If I were to make enough money to be considered middle-class, I'd rather pay what I'm paying now percentage-wise -- or even a bit more -- with the assurance that if I ever get cancer or find myself temporarily unemployed I'd be covered. 
Can someone just break down the numbers? I don't have the information to say... Ok... there are _____ people and ______ corporations. We need $______ to pay for everything every year. With our current spending how much money do we need now and then in the future? We aren't 3rd graders. We have this knowledge. Why do I feel like politicians are trying to bamboozle me to get me to vote for them?  
Okay, seems like no one is reading the article, or maybe they are missing a key argument:

&gt;According to Bush, the savings after paying taxes are a higher percentage gain for middle incomes than for higher incomes. Some analysts and economists we contacted said that $2,000 figure could be about right, considering the difference in the 25- and 28-percent tax brackets Bush proposes.

&gt;But one caveat is that his comparison is only counting people who take the standard deduction when filing their income tax returns. Because people with higher incomes tend to itemize, that means the sample of wealthy people to which Bush is comparing his middle class savings is much smaller than it could be.

The problem is that they assume since 42% of people don't take the standard deduction, they are getting a larger tax deduction. In truth, many of these people are still likely getting about 2k back. Only very few people people will be able to deduct significantly more than that. Lastly, they dismiss the tax cut entirely in their calculation. In short, it's true that the *majority* of the middle class would see an additional tax break of 2 grand, even by their own numbers, and I would go on to say that the vast majority would be, in light of the fact that they don't count other tax savings, just the standard deduction.
Well in Jeb's bubble a couple million a year is middle class.
The only people who benefit from the tax code are the extremely rich and the extremely poor. If you are in the middle, you do not qualify for any tax breaks unless you itemize like a business or home loan interest and you get zero benefits from the social services of the State, ie: paying full price for health care to subsidize the poor who get free Obamacare. So, yeah I'm not buying this BS.
All of them are sleezy fucking liars. Little things might change but at the end of the term you will have lost more of your freedom and more of your money. 
These people do not care about any of you. Clearly. So stop fucking worshipping them like they are royalty. They have only one type of friend. Rich people with tones of money. 
If you're not in that classification then you are a useless eater much like how most people view homeless bums. 
The charade has got to fucking stop. We know enough shit now that should warrant a complete overhaul of government and its institutions. All in all, I'm kinda tired of eating off of their buffet of lies. You should be as well for what it's worth.

 If anyone can become president why is it we've seen 3 members of the Bush family run. Is that honestly the best America has? Really? 
Jeb Bush is a lying shitbag.  Fuck him and his brother.   
Didn't his brother make essentially the same statement?  And wasn't he just as wrong?
If republicans really wanted the middle class to pay their fair share they'd remove all the tax benefits for the elderly.  When it gets to the state level there is some extremely unfair taxation rules.

https://www.cchgroup.com/news-and-insights/wbot2015/state-retirement-taxes
I always wonder why republicans are always trying to get rid of the estate tax and the gift tax. Weren't those taxes made to stop families like the Rockefeller's from hoarding as much money for themselves? Aren't we currently seeing this same kind of wealth hoarding ala the Walton family because they have found massive loopholes to those very taxes?
He's right though.  And wrong.  This issue is there is no such thing as "Middle Class".  By that I mean there is no agreed upon amount that is the top and bottom of middle class.  Everyone who says Middle Class means something different.  One person would say Middle Class and mean people between 30K a year and 75K a year.  Another person who says Middle Class could mean people between 50K and 300K a year.  Both are equally valid since there is no actual definition of Middle Class that everyone uses.  Just like there is no absolute for Average wage.  Is it he Mean?  The Mode? The Median?  Politicians will always talk about the middle class because they can say anything they want and you can't prove them wrong because you have no idea exactly what is inferred by saying the loose term "Middle Class"
There is a reason he is doing so bad in the polls...even with conservatives.
I wonder how many people commenting on this are middle class vs. boys/girls supported by their parents. 
Business as usual in the GOP, truth doesn't matter.  The base will believe just because I say it.
So many people believe stuff that is not true.  I would love the return of Civics to the high school curriculum...or possibly a combination of Civics and Political Economy.  Some folks belief in 'their way' is so strong that it approaches religious faith and they cannot stand to argue about it.
Tax breaks for the rich stay in the pockets of the rich. More of a  lower-tier and middle-tier earners pay goes towards consumption, and consumption makes economies bigger.
In Jeb's defense, it's a lot harder to come up with a tax plan that helps only the ultra wealthy and won't upset the rest of us, then it is to just lie about your plan.
Why don't they have a politifact debate?  Just read them their own stupid plan and then summerize the article.  Boom, I'm a genius debate questioneer.
[deleted]
How is 54,000 a year considered middle class, while more than 50% of Americans make under 33,000 a year?
From a mathematical perspective, if you took personal income wealth and binned it you would need a logarithmic tax bracket to fit the entire distribution.  It could be modeled pretty easily and like a bell curve and more like an exponential spike. 

 If there are thousands of people working in a factory making 1/1000 the salary as the CEO, the middle class will never thrive. That is just mathematics of a normalized distribution. 
That's my Bush!
Will I ever see one of these politifact things on reddit that says what a Republican says is mostly true or greater? I'm not a republican, I'm a dem, but I swear I see these goddamn things all the time and it's always "Hillary, mostly true" or "Bernie, of the charts accurate." This website is the Fox News of left wing bias. I get it. I agree with you people for the most part. but the Dems aren't just espousing gospel and the Republicans aren't exclusively spouting nonsense. I'm genuinely curious to know: does anyone have a link to a "mostly true" republican candidate's statement? Fuckin shit man. I listen to Fox and 790a right wing radio to keep myself sharp in what values I hold true. ALL I ever see on this website is the same circle jerk shit they're doing on the other side.

Sometimes I feel like I'm listening to my step mother on this site. "Oh republicans are so evil for x,y, and z. Intolerant this and close minded that... I want to ask her, "you're listening to yourself, right? Yes, you may be correct in some instances, but you're lumping 'them' into a way broader category. You're a fuckin ideological racist." Fuck man we all have opinions but at least fucking TRY to see things and judge them as a neutral third party and make up your fucking mind from there. Sorry for the rant. 
So the Republicans lie? Nothing new. People voting for them just love being lied to because they say what they want to hear. 
The numbers are moot until you end the loopholes and exemptions.  If could say 15% where you pay 15% or 90% where you pay 10%.
Mostly false or flat out false? 
Jeb Bush needs to get a better hair trimmer...
[This scene reminds me of Jeb's campaign.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tTNe_uJ4cnU&amp;t=1m52s)  It just doesn't look like he wants the job, but someone wants him to have the job and he had better put on a show of trying to get the nomination.
When I saw the headline I went "huh, it's not pants on fire-- that's not bad."

It's a sad realization that "mostly a lie" is now a positive thing from politicians in my mind. 
That classic Bush shit. He's on the ticket fo sho.
If you just increased the standard deduction and increased capital gains cap.  You would have something.
I'm surprised it's not a flat tax plan. 
NBC is in love with Jeb
what a way to run a failing economy lmfao yup that's America there talking about im pretty sure whats with these dud fuck bushes yall fucked you know haha 
This the thread where we all complain that zero percent taxes is to much?
We should have no taxes for the 99% and free education and healthcare. It's only fair!
is jeb bush still in the race?  he's basically as dead in the water as rand paul
It would be so refreshing to actually have a tax plan that simplifies the tax code rather than complicating it.  
At what point was Jeb Bush still considered to be a viable candidate?
What we have here is a fundamental flaw in conservative thinking.

Instead of relying on politicians to give us a sliver of a sliver of our paycheck (which is what a tax cut is), how about we get bigger paychecks every year?


The reason tax cuts are talked about so much is to please the wealthy individuals bankrolling politicians.  They need to hear how they are going to get even more wealthy.
The average middle income family is less concerned about taxes and much more concerned about what those taxes are paying.  Infrastructure and domestic projects are far more important than saving $2,000 a year.
The next time you hear someone bragging about tax reductions they are talking directly to the 1% as they are being told to.
Unless those taxes specifically target a certain income bracket.
Every single fucking Bush that has taken over the office is pro war and the U.S. military got fucked.

We don't need another Bush/War right now!
I love that politicians go-to problem solver is "cut taxes". I love the idea of saving money but maybe it's time we actually start paying for shit we need?
Jeb Bush: Mostly False
Cutting taxes doesn't solve the problems of the infrastructure: Decaying roads and bridges, A system of Dams in the South East (The Carolinas, for example) that needs massive updating. These are essential to maintain the volume of trade and safety.

Medical needs for the Elderly are a big issue as well. Their prescriptions sometimes aren't covered, and they have to resort to paying out of pocket. The prices for these medications are ridiculous. 

The military will ways require a budget, and aside from drawing down, the best thing the military can do, is withhold from upgrading vehicles like the HMMWV, which has served the military for the past 40 years or so.


At this point I think Jeb is purposely trying to fuck up his campaign.
It's like childhood aggression, but 50 years late.
I have never understood why a president releases a tax plan that he only gets to propose to congress? What am I missing? Can someone tell me why the president, who doesn't set tax code, releases this while running for president?
It's not necessarily false from his perspective, it's just that his definition of middle-class starts at $500,000.
How can that be "mostly false"? It's either false or not.
JEB!

Restore Mission Accomplishment!

No one should be getting or being asking for tax cuts, period.  We can't afford to cut as a society.  We have too much to do.  And some folks who make lots should be getting big increases but it's not gonna happen.  Taxes are necessary in a civil society where we look out for each other.

The problem is how the taxes are spent and on what.  It's ridiculous for folks, even middle class folks, to demand or expect cuts.  FFS no one WANTS to pay taxes.  But I am willing to do so to support the society at large.
&gt;Jeb Bush ~~says the middle class gets the biggest tax break under his plan-~~ Mostly False
What middle class?
How about we read the proposal's main points instead of blindly trusting politifact. Not saying it's wrong, just encouraging research. 
The question is if politifact a left site, or does reddit only upvote things against republicans, or are republicans lying constantly?
Is it sad that I saw the thumbnail, saw the yellow icon and my first thought was "wow somebody told the truth?". I'm conditioned to seeing the fully red "Pants on Fire" logo and thought Yellow might mean "somewhat true"
[deleted]
Doesn't matter what he says. How long have we known these people now?  They don't have to utter a single word. We should already know what to expect from them. 
Anyone who is a Republican is by definition a total moron.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I'm completed shocked by this statement
Pretty sure the Republican runners told they are trying to obtain the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. It is the only explanation that makes sense? 
The bar is so low for the GOP. I saw that Jeb Bush said something rated as "mostly false" and I was actually impressed for a moment. 
Fuck Jeb Bush.
Can someone explain why he would even say this? Knowing it's false. Like who the hell does he think he's fooling anymore? Its 2015 everyone has information now gtfo. 
Anyone who's not for a flat tax is finding some group a way to exploit the system.
Fucking burst
[Jeb Bush honesty](https://i.imgur.com/rFELW4P.jpg)
Given everything we know about this useless oxygen thief there was a zero percent chance that his claim would be true; it is good that someone confirmed it, but it was never even a slim possibility.
Whenever Jeb talks about how good his plan was for the economy in Florida, I'm thinking, "So you're going to build a Disney World in every state?"
Funny considering Hillary's tax plan is similar to Bush's.

What did Politifact consider her plan?
Jezus fucking hell, *what is up with all the lying over there in the US*.
Hey, no "pants on fire", that's a notable improvement.
If you watch the full exchange, Bush was clearly saying his tax plan gives the middle class the biggest break *relative to the other GOP candidates' plans*. They were arguing about whose tax plan benefits the middle class most when he said that. This analysis, which is basically grading him on whether a middle class family will get a greater reduction in raw dollars (even though it's true percentage-wise), misses the point. But don't let me stop a good circle jerk. Downvote away.
If we could have the Fairtax that'd be great.  Or something that simplifies the tax code tremendously.   The rich people  know all the tax loopholes because they can hire accountant armies.  Lol
Ha, it's funny hearing Bush's talk about tax cuts after reading Alan Greenspan's *The Age of Turbulence.* Maybe instead of talking about the mistakes your brother made, why not focus on current politics. 

In case anyone has forgotten, as a nation we have a debt creeping up to $20 trillion dollars. As a bleeding heart Bernie supporter, I wish we as a nation could focus on this one issue so that candidates such as Bernie may use the money wisely, instead of promoting policies that focus wealth in the wrong direction. 
Are middle-class Americans really hurting from taxes?  I'm lower-middle currently, and my family growing up was always smack-dab in the middle.  I feel that most people that are in financial trouble aren't there due to they amount they are getting taxed.  Our jobs are sucking our lives away for 10-12 hours a day, no one offers significant raises at the rates that they should, so our careers stagnate instead of growing.

Go up to the average poor or middle-class person and ask them why they don't have more money.  I doubt their #1 or #2 answer is 'getting taxed too much'.  I don't know why tax breaks are such a selling point in politics.  I don't want tax breaks.  Tax me more and just fucking do something for once please.
Everyone in this post is spending everyone else's money. Fucking communists. Just wait till you millennials work for a living; have a family. The real world is different outside your twenties. 
i rate politfact as Mostly False.
Politifact is liberal socialist trash.  Inequality and aristokratia is healthy for America.
This guy is the walking embodiment of right-wing cognitive dissonance. If Obama said this, my Facebook page would be lit up with tin-foil lined hysteria for the next week.
So much for small government and civil liberties. What happened to the Republican party?
So it's OK to have a database on every citizen and their religion just not with what kinds of guns they own.
I just find this so funny because he took exactly the wrong route out of the problem. You can hear the little hamster in his head trying to work it through.

1. *"Hmm, Donald Trump said to keep a database on Muslims and people said that was racist."*

1. *"Racist means that we're treating one group differently from another."*

1. *"So I should advocate everybody being treated the same."*

*"LET'S KEEP A DATABASE ON EVERYBODY!"*
I love how they (GOP frontrunners) have been crying about big government and "socialism" yet they are the ones pushing for a police state, for surveillance on all Americans, for databases based off religion, for complete Government control and oversight of everyone. 
did he just all lives matter databases?
They guys leading the GOP pack right now:

"Pyramids were grain silos. Let's build a wall and make Mexico pay for it. We need databases on everyone - which will cost money, so let's cut taxes and benefits for the sick and the poor so we can have more computers to monitor everyone."

Cons: "We hate big government and they don't solve problems. Oh wait. bush and patriot act and homeland security - and now we have new winners in carson/trump!"

They would vote for hitler/lucifer ticket over any dem because it isn't about country, it is always about worship of party. 
I'm not sure if you guys know this, but we already do have a database on every citizen in the US. It's called Social Security.
Holy propaganda batman.

&gt; Another reporter tried to land the question. Was Carson talking about adding American citizens to the database?

&gt;"American citizens?" he asked. "There already is a database."

&gt;"You're talking about a more complex database," said the reporter.

&gt;"No, I'm not talking about anything," said Carson.

&gt;"The database you're describing is already in place," said the reporter.

&gt;"And that's what I'm saying," said Carson.

Guy literally also said for you people foaming at the mouth to attack religion:

&gt; "Did you actually hear what I said?" asked Carson. "I said, a mosque where there is activity -- terrorist activity or activity encouraging insurgency -- should be treated differently. And I would say that about any kind of institution, quite frankly."

&gt;"So, a Christian church?" asked the reporter.

&gt;"If they were inciting against the government, and they were trying to create terrorists?" asked Carson. "Of course!"

Can't wait to see the headline "Carson says he would want to track the movements of Christian Churches!"

Upvoted for visibility. Don't let this lunatic get away with saying this shit.
Read the rest of the story:

"I don't think it's a good idea to treat anybody differently," Carson said. "You know, one of the hallmarks of America is that we treat everybody the same. So if we're just going to pick out a particular group of people based on their religion, based on their race, based on some other type of thing, that's setting a dangerous precedent."
He only said this because Trump said it. He then decided it would be ok for him to say it. Now Trump pretends he isn't supporting the idea of a registration system for Muslims, but it's too late for Carson to backtrack because then it'll be too obvious that he's just following Trump's lead.
Wow, what the fuck people.  This is the most intelligent thing he's ever said and you're spinning it out of control.  Reporters asking him leading questions and taking honest responses out of context.

Is there a database of foreign visitors to the United States?  Yes there is.  Is there a database of American Citizens? Yes there is.  He wasn't saying there should be more, just that the idea of a "database" isn't something to be worried about.

He then went on to clearly respond that it's wrong to target people based on their religion.  To be honest, I think it's fucking insulting that people think you could fuck up a question so easy.  They're fucking baiting him all day.

All this does is make him look reasonable. If you dislike the guy you don't need to look far to find fucked up things.  Don't invent controversy.
Did anyone actually read the article?
Don't get me wrong, I think Carson is a terrible candidate, but the only rabid dogs I see here are the journalists expertly making the man look even dumber than he plausibly could achieve on his own.  What a useless article.
For God's sake America, have we had just about enough of this guy already?

What the hell is wrong with this country?
Has this guy got anything left of his legs below his knees?

It seems he's shooting himself in the foot every week on average.
Just some more of that good ol' "small government" conservatism. 
Does Muslim privacy not matter or does all privacy not matter?
"...but not gun owners".   Seriously, i'm against a database for gun owners.  I'm also against a database for anyone else who has not committed a crime.
sorry your *trump is a nazi* attack fell apart after people saw the actual comment 

Looks like we're at it again...
He took a note after saying that: "To do: Find out what a database is"
Hes a moron. No other word to describe hi, a willfully ignorant moron.

How in the blue hell does someone this dumb become a presidential candidate that actually has any backing at all.

I wouldn't trust him to run a bath let alone a country.
I will agree if I get to follow Ben 24/7;  because of course Ben has never jacked off so he would have no concerns if he had no privacy, ever. Anyone who says "I have nothing to hide" is either a dude that lies or has never jerked off, I trust neither.
Don't they call that the census? 
It's a good thing everyone already hates Carson so they can skip reading the article and forming any actual cohesive thoughts of their own. I found his responses 100% agreeable, and I really didn't expect to. I don't understand the hate, or really this post, at all.
"Small Government"
For somebody who hates people probing into his life that's a shocker.
Dis..........qualified.
&gt;Another reporter tried to land the question. Was Carson talking about adding American citizens to the database?

&gt;"American citizens?" he asked. "There already is a database."

&gt;"You're talking about a more complex database," said the reporter.

&gt;"No, I'm not talking about anything," said Carson.

&gt;"The database you're describing is already in place," said the reporter.

&gt;"And that's what I'm saying," said Carson.

Who's on first?
Tbh, I want to know what the government has on me. I 'd be sad to see my thin little file with a note that just says "hasn't amounted to much."
Umm. It's called the form 1040.  

Every year you tell the gummint your marital status, spouse and kids names, where you work, where you keep your money, and to whom you give charitable contributions.

They have a database on everybody.  And we update it annually.
Read that in his voice. Now I'm sleepy.
It's funny that the people who always talk about "FREEDOM!" are the ones that are most likely to be anti-privacy in America.
Ben Carson: I'm tired of trying to become president
Historically, there's always been strong correlation between a black guy in the White House and massive surveillance ramp-up.
&gt; Carson added that "hopefully, we already have a database on every citizen who is already here. If we don't, we are doing a very poor job."
Sometimes it feels like Ben Carson is the lead character in a very poorly written Objectivist fantasy. 

Somehow both prone to violence and notably bland, highly accomplished and profoundly ill informed, doing and  saying things you need a full, self-contradictory ethos to interpret as anything but crazy and nihilistic. 
I say we house the datacenter for this database in the pyramids. We don't need to store grain anymore right?
&gt;A few questions later, one reporter noted that Carson had talked a lot about Nazi Germany, and asked whether "what Donald Trump said last night" reminded Carson of Nazi policies.

&gt;"I don't know what Donald Trump said last night," Carson responded.

&gt;"He said he wanted to track Muslims," explained a reporter.

&gt;"Oh, okay -- that part I did hear," Carson said. "I hope that we have a database on everybody! If we don't have a database on every foreigner who comes into the country, we're being negligent. I want us to be able to know who they are; I want us to know where they came from; I want us to know where they're going and why they're here."

&gt;"That's already being done," interjected the reporter.

&gt;Carson replied, "If you want to add more things to that, we can talk about it, and what the rationale is."

&gt;Another reporter tried to land the question. Was Carson talking about adding American citizens to the database?

&gt;"American citizens?" he asked. "There already is a database."

&gt;"You're talking about a more complex database," said the reporter.

&gt;"No, I'm not talking about anything," said Carson.

&gt;"The database you're describing is already in place," said the reporter.

&gt;"And that's what I'm saying," said Carson.

Is it just me, or is Ben Carson stoned?
"Small government" Republicans.
More and more, Ben Carson reminds me of somebody's uncle that you meet at a party- On the surface, he seems nice, soft-spoken, even charming... then you end up trapped in a conversation about crazy things, and realize he's insane.
With this sort of rhetoric, I seriously want to understand why he's polling in the double digits among freedom and liberty loving Republicans.
Oh man I'm so glad this guy will never get elected.
I think he's writing his own prescriptions.
It's simply amazing to me how conservatives pick and choose what they are okay with in terms of "big gubment" and how they then rationalize it in their heads.

Forced transvaginal ultrasound?  Totally okay.  Government making sure corporations don't take advantage of workers?  How dare they!  Database about who owns what guns or even laws preventing people from buying them?  Out of the question!  A database about what religion you belong to?  Of course that's reasonable.
Small government OR a database. You can't have both.
Maybe we should just insert a tracking chip so we know where everyone is at all times too.. 
Just not him. Or any of his family.
Do you want every reddit user to not vote for you? Because that's how you do it. Republicans and Democrats alike on this website are opposed to government spying.
Can we now agree that this is a long con publicity stunt, akin to Herman Cain?
Ben Carson. Bringing the [Stasi](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stasi) into the 21st Century.

&gt;Numerous Stasi officials were prosecuted for their crimes after 1990. After German reunification, the surveillance files that the Stasi had maintained on millions of East Germans were laid open, so that any citizen could inspect their personal file on request; these files are now maintained by the Federal Commissioner for the Stasi Records.


Sounds like a great plan bc if Snowden and all the other incidents taught us any thing it is that those kind of dbs can never be hacked copied or leaked to be used for malicious purposes... 
SQL me Ben
"I hope we have a database on all bible characters that built structures we see today.  

I also hope we have a database on all the evolutionists that the devil tricked into thinking evolution is real.  

I also hope we have a database on all the people I've tried to stab or hit with hammers.  

Finally, I hope we have databases on all the times I've had guns pulled on me that I've redirected toward other people and yet no one anywhere has any record of it happening."
He specified every citizen. The government already keeps records of citizenship, isn't that a database of all citizens?
I find it ironic that someone who's religous beliefs include the dissolution of church and state thus leading to persecution of specific christian groups (Mark of the Beast) would make this statement.
... Which the rich people can pay to be removed from. 
This headline sounds alot worse than what his comments actually said. Like it or not, he didn't say anything about databases on American citizens other than that they do exist.

I think this guy is generally a piece of shit, but let him stand that way on his own merits. He's done plenty himself to prove that he's not the man for the job. 
He is so out of touch that he doesn't realize we already do.
Can't he just pray one into being?
I really want to vote in the next election but I hate all the candidates soooooo
Rick Santorum 2.0
Now that his how you outdo an idiotic statement, Ben. Just go all in on the stupidity. 
What I think is hilarious is this will hurt Carson, yet Trump singled out a certain group and I'd bet money his numbers will go up. 
Woah Carson, your "I don't know shit about governance" is showing
This should disqualify anyone from holding public office. 
"SkyNet was awesome" -Ben Carson
Honestly, Ross Perot has a better chance of winning this election than Carson. Can we all come together as a web community and no longer feature any news about this impotent joke of a candidate?
Just to complete the quote,  since it is taken. A bit out of context "I hope we have a database on everyone who enters this country "
Mr. Mumbles needs a nap.
Well... technically that HAS to already exist right? We all have a social security number.
Welcome to East Germany!  Papers please!
Uhh, Social Security?
I hope we have a fucking database on why your eyes are always closed whenever you fucking talk. 
if i was given a choice between sitting in the back car of a long train with this shithead carson in the front car and I could get off at the next stop, or being sealed in a house with jeffrey dahmer, john wayne gacy, jr., and ed gein for a full week, i'd  take the house.
Uh okay. Just spy on infants then. 
A Republican front runner is saying this?  What the fuck universe did I wake up in?
The biggest problem is he doesn't mean "Everybody". He means folks not like him.

If it he truly meant it, he'd be concerned about the future cheating on his wife, the future tax evasion the fucking future whatever the goddamn party causes him to do or any other candidate or politician for that matter. 

I honestly think if "database on everybody" were actually true, the fucking politicians in this country would be the ones on trial. 

So maybe I do agree with this. Wait, no. Because politicians would never allow their own lives to be criticized and evaluated like anyone else's. Bunch of fucking punks. God I'm so sick of all of this bullshit American politics.
Didn't this moron say the media was scrutinizing him too much? 
And he wants a DB on everybody?

Fuck this moron. 

You wouldn't want a clueless politician operating on your brain.

Why would you want a clueless neurosurgeon operating in the WH then?
You'll be in the dopey twat section chief...
I mean, federally? Isn't that what the census is for?

Edit: I can see the future and its a chapter of his next book titled: I shook a baby to death for trying to steal my wallet outside a chik-fil-a, and came up with this awesome thing called the census.
There is zero chance if they had a database of his every interaction that he would be cool with it. No politician actually wants that. It would be impossible to ever run a campaign. 
Let me get this straight... The GOP nomination is between this guy and Donald Trump?
We do have databases on everyone. It's the census, the birth certificate, the driver's license, taxes, social security, etc. I mean, *technically* not everyone, but basically everyone is in at least one government database.

But the way Carson talks is very conversational. That post seemed to have a long conversation between him and the reporter. That is different from other politicians who will answer a question with a block of text.
If this guy gets elected I'll wear a tube top and nothing else for a month (i'm a dude).
The GOP now 100 times better at pushing people to vote Democrat. Thank you guys, you're the best! The Democrats could not do it without you. 
Except him 
It's kind of telling that he says "a database". The reality is that the various agencies have thousands of databases. That are mostly not connected. That's why they don't know what they know.
What the fuck is it with us UK and the yanks wanting fucking Databases, Constant monitoring and Snoopers fucking Charters? *Ho, but IS!* Yet they're monitoring citizens and keeping the focus there. IS is always the fucking bullshit excuse for everything.
Am I the only one that thinks he looks high?
I hope we have a database on everyone that votes for Carson.
That can't be any worse than NSA spying and Obama expanding on the Bush patriot act to include arresting any one any time with out a warrant and holding them in undisclosed locations... 
Whackadoodle of the 1st degree. 
ideal cheap xmas present for this guy is a phone book
Let's start with a database on you Mr. Carson.

A database that tracks people with pathological disease that causes them to harm or try to harm people. Let's start a database on men of science and medicine to see who don't believe in evolution. Let's make a database for people who are politicians(running for office too) but say that they are not politicians...
I've heard he has a pretty serious opiate addiction, we should track his every movement.
Does this guy even understand how elections work?
True bullshit conservatism on display.  Say no to big brother as a talking point, but secretly want to be in everyone's business.
This guy is fucking crazy
  Hard to believe that someone that is "popular" in GOP politics is that stupid.   Note:  this is another - GOP want to make the USA a permanent police state...the same as a WWII country in Europe.
Not just Negroes? 
He should consider just not saying anything else. Just keep his mouth shut so his foot doesn't get stuck in it. 
Apparently Clayton Bigsby is running for president. A black neo-Nazi. Jesus Christ, the Chappelle Show is officially less absurd than reality.
In before the base says the liberal media is taking his words out of context to smear him.
I'm always confused at these posts, am I supposed to upvote because I appreciate you bringing this to our attention or am I supposed to downvote because what's being presented makes me angry?
O the outrage he a republican.

He said he hopes we have a database on everyone the immigrated to this country...... the outrage



"I don't think it's a good idea to treat anybody differently," Carson said. "You know, one of the hallmarks of America is that we treat everybody the same. So if we're just going to pick out a particular group of people based on their religion, based on their race, based on some other type of thing, that's setting a dangerous precedent."

The outrage
Anyone outraged over this story is just outraged he has a R after his name.

since no one is able to click a link here the quote in context reporter asking about Trump comment that he wanted to track Muslims.

"Oh, okay -- that part I did hear," Carson said. "I hope that we have a database on everybody! If we don't have a database on every foreigner who comes into the country, we're being negligent. I want us to be able to know who they are; I want us to know where they came from; I want us to know where they're going and why they're here."

"That's already being done," interjected the reporter.

Carson replied, "If you want to add more things to that, we can talk about it, and what the rationale is."

Another reporter tried to land the question. Was Carson talking about adding American citizens to the database?

"American citizens?" he asked. "There already is a database."

"You're talking about a more complex database," said the reporter.

"No, I'm not talking about anything," said Carson.

"The database you're describing is already in place," said the reporter.

"And that's what I'm saying," said Carson.
the database thing was a little weird, but the reporter in that story was clearly working on an agenda, and putting words into his mouth. I  in no way would ever consider voting for this man, but most of what he said here was incredibly reasonable, and nothing like the narrative that the media likes to paint.
I wonder how many self-anointed libertarians who are fed up with government interference and who are *all for* stronger privacy rights feel about Carson... 
People go read the article and watch the video. Think for yourself. Develop your own opinion 
It's not about all Americans, it's about refugees that Come into this country. Title is very misleading just like most of politics. 

Never spread something unless you heard it straight from that persons mouth 
You can't out fascist me!
Gun owners?
Dr Ben Carson small govt fascist.
I don't understand the GOP "small government" mantra. The seem to be pitching policy ideas that would significantly expand government.
That's not what he said. He actually made a reasonable statement, followed by a totally clueless statement:

&gt; "I think we should have a database on everybody who comes into this country," Carson told reporters in the state house. Told that rival Donald Trump had proposed tracking Muslims already in the United States, Carson added that "hopefully, we already have a database on every citizen who is already here. If we don't, we are doing a very poor job."

Can we start ignoring this lunatic who's clearly taking advantage of his situation and publicity to promote his book and grab whatever money from this before disappearing? 

Reddit needs to stop regurgitating out the stuff that slips through the news on TV. This is more akin to celebrity gossip than news with how absurd Carson's views are.
Someone needs to school this moron on the Bill of Rights and Constitution, especially since he's supposed to be a prominent member of the "strict Constitutionalist" crowd.  

Carson must have been dropped on his head as a child...several times.  
But fuck those nazi socialist muslim democrats who want to take away freedoms.
Ben Carson: "Insert Crazy Statement Here"
"....we do"
- Social Security office.


"No we meant a database of everything about them, who they talk to etc"

"Got you covered"
-NSA
He won't win.. His rhetoric is Sarah Palin all over again. 
Ben has tarnished the achievement of being a full professor at The Johns Hopkins School of Medicine.  After all, if an idiot like him can achieve it, it becomes a joke.
"Damnit Jim! Carson's a doctor, not a politician!"
This guy's a fucking idiot. 
how in the hell is this whacko still relevant?  
its crazy, he makes TRUMP look reasonable!  
Please tell me he's just a republican plant, nobody can be that dumb
Nobody who says this should be respected by anybody.
It always freaks me out when someone with the level of expertise of a surgeon, nevertheless a neurosurgeon, is so clueless on every other aspect of existence. 
UPDATE people SET status = 0 WHERE type = "isis";
Is that not fucking big government?
How is this guy still a choice? I mean, what a fucking wacko!
PhD here. Pretty sure Dr Carson is a fully functioning retard. 
&gt;"I hope that we have a database on everybody! If we don't have a database on every foreigner who comes into the country, we're being negligent."

Not to worry, Carson.

I'm a lifelong republican but I will never support him or any other neocon that equates conservativism with big government surveillance programs. 



Has Dr. Carson ever read the Constitution?

I bet he's one of those crazies who thinks the commerce clause should let the government regulate anything and everything too. 
Say goodbye to whatever libertarian support you may have had.
wtf.  rabid dogs is much more important on the gaffe spectrum since there is already a database on us.    I rarely advocate prayer, but I pray to God or whatever higher being cound intervene here that this douche gets nowhere near the white house.  Same for "make all muslims carry a card" Trump.
This definitely would not be an expansion of government or infringement upon our constitutional rights, at all. How very conservative of you, Ben!
Do we live inside a television show? Is this actually the Truman Show? If so I'm starting to see through your ruse TV producers! I know you're in the sun!
Says we shouldn't treat anyone differently, opposes gay marriage and in favor of gay discrimination

Cool story, dumbass
"We do"
- NSA
Except gun owners amirite? 
Maybe just Ben Carson supporters.
Ben Carson finally outing himself as an SJW.
&gt;Another reporter tried to land the question. Was Carson talking about adding American citizens to the database?

&gt;"American citizens?" he asked. "There already is a database."

&gt;"You're talking about a more complex database," said the reporter.

&gt;"No, I'm not talking about anything," said Carson.

&gt;"The database you're describing is already in place," said the reporter.

&gt;"And that's what I'm saying," said Carson.

wow... the doubleplusgood-speak is strong with this one.
Coming from a candidate of the party who wants "small-government". Alright.
I would love to see Carson's database...
They do, it's called Facebook and everyone signed up willingly. 
We certainly have one on this idiot.
Isn't that the exact opposite of the Republicans' platform? Having a database on everybody is the opposite of small government.
Databases didn't stop Boston, databases didn't stop Paris, databases didn't stop Mumbai, databases didn't stop Mali... maybe databases aren't used for what you say they are used for.
The fact is everyone in this thread is probably in 50 or 100 databases.
wish granted. you;re welcome 
Carson going in HARD! But I mean, the NSA is proof that the government keeps tabs on all of us anyway. So we're fucked no matter what.
I'm going against the grain for saying this, but I think Carson answered what might be considered almost rhetorical questions with a good deal of candor and, if I can imagine it, humanity. Kind of surprising given his previous statements so far.

Remember that the GOP is not monolithic, people. The evangelical establishment is not on board with the rhetoric political candidates are saying to appeal to the nativists. Carson doesn't represent the angry discontented working-class that makes up the Tea Party, he represents a wider group of people that occupies a number of social and economic classes, with their unifying factor being faith. A group that opposes abortion or homosexuality according to a crazy Hebrew sky-book, will support being the Good Samaritan according to that same crazy book. 
Ben Carson is retarded. 
[Ben Carson's publicist every week](https://i.imgur.com/imiWHy7.gifv)
I guess I'm in the minority of people on Reddit who agrees with him on this particular statement. I do hope there is a database of people in the country and I don't know that I see anything wrong with it. 
Carson is socially conservative, he just wants the pictures.
I feel like Carson is just one upping whatever Trump says.  This could end in hilarity if Trump plays into it.
No. 
Repeat after me: "Small Government Conservative."
shouldnt this weirdo worry about the mark of the beast in the database?
I'm sure this will be a hit with the libertarians
Didn't I literally just watch a James Bond movie on why this was such a bad idea?
After reading the article, I don't think Ben Carson was proposing anything different than the current policy.
ITT: People actually believe the government doesn't have information on us easily obtainable. 
We have an extensive database and it's called Facebook.
Wow. They're just coming right out and telling the world about their totalitarian fantasies now. 
\#allprivatelivesmatter
Even republicans don't want that you dipshit
Well, with wearable computing, it may be possible to have a database on everybody.  I have a database on my laptop computer, and a small one on my phone.  Why not have one on my person, in my underwear or something?   Actually the technical illiteracy in the statement bugs me more than the idea that we might have _data_ about everyone.  Of course there are records about us in government databases - taxes, and social security, and driver licenses, and jury pools, and voter registries, and probably quite a few more (besides the spy agencies).  But an entire database per person?  I'm really not sure how that would work.
Don't worry, Obama already has one.
*I know if we had a database already  
then my past would not be up for speculation.*
where at least 300 people had gathered to cheer him on.  lol
everybody with guns?
Yes. Well Databases don't do much just save information. Let's have an application running on it with a real time decision system tagging non conforming citizen on it as well. Then deport all marked citizen. Total security achieved. /s
"I hope we have a database on everybody" = I have no idea what a database is. 
God damn. As a life long Republican, I wonder what has happened to our party. The party of individual freedom and less government. These mavericks have no standards other than racism and antipathy towards the democrats. Seriously considering Sanders in the national election....
Honestly why don't we have all people wearing little emblems representing their religion...
He's really hit or miss with some of his opinions, isn't he?
We're all getting tattoos. 
What a fucking asshole.
Remember like 15 years ago when republicans wanted a smaller government. 
One proposal for dealing with illegal immigrants is to expand e-verify.  If you expand e-verify, it becomes a database of all Americans.  For the purposes of employment, the amount of information the government needs to know about each person is less than 1000 bytes.

When using this approach, I don't favor firing all illegals on day one.  You can give people a chance to either fix their records or change their status to legal.
Um.. What's the problem here? He said:

&gt; I think we should have a database on everybody who comes into this country,

... Are we arguing that we should not keep a list of people who have travel and work visas? Or maybe we're arguing that the IRS shouldn't keep track of babies who are born?

Sorry, my outrage button seems to be faulty today... can someone give it a kick in the right direction?
Everybody here supports a database. Obama has the biggest database on all of us through PRISM and the NSA. 
ben carson:  i am insane
They used exclamation points in Ben Carson quotes?
I thought this was going to be just because he's running for president, but it's within the Senators' own constituents. That's pretty cool, actually.

&gt; A comprehensive survey of more than 75,000 voters in all 50 states, conducted over several months by Morning Consult, shows Sanders has the highest approval rating of any United States senator among his own constituents, at 83 percent.

I hear Vermonters have been pushing Bernie to run for a while - in light of that this isn't terribly surprising, but it's very impressive.
With how difficult it is to work outside the two-party system in national politics, I would be very surprised if the most popular senator was someone other than the lone independent.

Edit: I stand corrected, didn't know about Angus King. But he is certainly on the higher end of approval too.
Holy shit, Mitch McConnell is not only the most disapproved, but also has a 38/52 rating. As far as I can tell, he's the only Senator with more disapproving than approving. 
[Americans named Hillary Clinton the woman they admire most of anywhere in the world, a new poll found, for the 17th time in 18 years.](http://time.com/3649155/hillary-clinton-most-admired-woman/)

Go figure.
These results seem a little weird. Take a look at this. Sen. Kelly Ayotte, Republican from New Hampshire, has a 58% approval rating! But, [she's currently locked in a tight race](http://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/2016/senate/nh/new_hampshire_senate_ayotte_vs_hassan-3862.html) with popular NH Gov. Maggie Hassan. Senators with a 58% approval rating don't attract top tier challengers and end up in close races, they cruise to re-election.

Something else that's weird, no Senator in this poll is sporting a net negative approval rating. (Unless my eyes deceive me) The closest is Jeff Flake of Arizona with a 39/39 even approve/disapprove.  

EDIT- Yeah, my eyes did deceive me. Mitch McConnell is the only Senator in this poll with a net negative approval. 

Not much of a surprise given that [Vermont is the second most liberal state](http://www.gallup.com/poll/181505/mississippi-alabama-louisiana-conservative-states.aspx) in the country.

Vermont's other Senator, Patrick Leahy, has the 4th highest approval rating.
The headline is somewhat....well it's not misleading but it's meaning is vague

This was just a poll of people across the country about how they feel about their own Senator.  So Vermonters like Sanders better than Californians like ~~Pelosi~~ Feinstein, for example. 

This is actually not very surprising
For those who haven't read the article, these are individual state polls.  Sanders isn't the most popular Senator *nationally*.  He's more popular in his state than any other Senator is in their own.

This probably has far less to do with Sanders himself than it does with a Vermont population that basically votes for one party exclusively today.  It's not like the people polled voted Republican but Sanders won them over.  These people haven't voted for a Republican since the '80s. 
Susan Collins is within margin of error though.
Sarah Palin was tops, as in number one out of 50 governors, as rated by her own constituents when she was governor and McCain tapped her for VP.  How did reddit feel about that?  Same as about Bernie now?  Look how much her own constituents loved her!  Even Democrats!  She must be great.  
I think what is really surprising on this list is that only 1 senator has a negative approval rating, McConnell.  With how unpopular Congress is, I would have expected more.  
Did anyone else notice that Vermont is also one of the smallest sample sizes on the chart...?
That's a tiny ass sample size for Bernie. I hope they survey more Vermontians than just 200... Especially since states like Minnesota have surveyed over 1,300.
i dont even think most people know who their own senators are
Wish the headline more accurately reflected the story. It's not a national poll of what all Americans think of all senators. It's a poll of what each state's voters think of their two senators. So, Bernie's not the most popular senator among all Americans, just among the people in his state. It's still noteworthy and good news for him, but this headline is misleading.
As a Mainer I'm proud to see Susan Collins ranked 2nd behind Bernie. I'm a registered Democrat but I agree with a lot of what she does and she certainly has the people of Maine as her number one priority.
I live in one of those 50 states, I was't contacted. 
Having both the intelligence to form sound policies and the courage to state and defend your values are such rare qualities in politicians these days. Too many are simply mouthpieces for big donors and major corporations, and too many are afraid to make a statement without first doing a Poll or a focus group. 
Can a majority of Americans even name their two senators?
Don't go to the Facebook post about this article. The comments are just painful.
Most popular in a group that has 13% approval overall
Ayyyy Susan Collins is #2 and Angus King is #9. I'm pretty happy with them as well. 
&gt;among his own constituents, at 83 percent.

isn't this the story everywhere? I hate congress, just not my rep!

Wait it is a fact
Most popular senator, statistically less popular than the world's most popular cockroach.
You couldnt blow bernie harder even if he was balls deep in /r/politics mouth 
I just unsubsctibed to this sub. This shit has become brainwashing. I can't do it anymore....
Second place is Susan Collins, a republican from Maine.  

Most disapproval is is Mitch McConnell, we all know him. and least favorable is Gary Peters.  
I went to school in VT.  

Vermonters freaking love him.
But he's an old white man and society tells me that old white men are bad

I can't see how the elite powers are going to let a socialist gain presidency. Let's see how this pans out. Go Bernie.
lol
Population of USA 318.9 million (2014) 

In survey of 76,569 registered voters.

Bsanders Approve83 Disapprove13	Sample230 Margin +/- 6.5

76,569  is 0.02401034807149577% of the population of USA 318.9 million (2014) 

83 is 0.10839896041478927%  of 76,569.

Small numbers are small.




He chuckled because he is appalled that Trump is winning at the moment. When Bernie says, the truth of our political system on a widely broadcasted show people will realize how fucked U.S. is. 
I know this is gonna give me a ton of downvotes, but Sanders's economic policies are literally non sense. Its nothing but rhetoric and vague promises. How does he expect to turn the USA into a Scandinavian style Social Democracy over night? Not to mention the problems over there resulting from these policies. 
I've decided to vote for anyone who runs against COL. Sanders just so I don't have to see another Bernie fucking Sanders post on my front page...
no worries. the votes will be 51 to 49 for hillary "quite by accident"
He's the most prominent senator in the news, so the sample group is biased now?
It helps when your not a cold distant bag of dicks.
When this piece of shit loses the democratic nomination it's going to be great. I'll spend all day on reddit to see all the liberals crying. 
Ahhh. Found i can block subreddits. No more shitty liberal rhetoric on /all
He's got my vote.
if he was so popular, he would be leading in the polls.
Oh look. Bernie train got a hold of a survey and boosted him to first place. What amazing news.
/r/circlejerk
It should also be stated that Clinton has a 25 point lead over Sanders. So much for being the most popular senator.
What is it with Reddits infatuation with Bernie?
god help us, we're doomed.
I used to be one of those saying that Bernie cant win. But now, shit, his popularity is through the roof. His celebrity support is huge, and like it or not, that gets people talking. All he needs is a major name like George Clooney or something. If he wins the Iowa caucus like Obama did, then it's done. He can beat Hillary, and he can be president. 

And I don't really have a problem with Hillary either. But I'd prefere Bernie. 
http://i.imgur.com/ow4sgeX.jpg
Most popular senator on Reddit*
I live in Texas. Not one of my coworkers has ever heard of Senator Bernie Sanders.
Dianne Feinstein has a 52% approval rating?  How?  She's horrendous
Who are all these people who spitting venom about Hillary going to vote for if Bernie doesn't get the nomination? You want President TRUMP, you twats? Do you want the GOP to control every branch of government, to nominate the next three members of the Supreme Court? Some perspective, please.
On reddit*
You all on board for Hillary after she sends reddit's god (Bernie Sanders) into a garbage disposal?
This guy is on a roll. Leading the time poll, he won the Iowa youth caucus, and he hung out with *the* killer mike. And now he's most popular! 
Seems that D senators have more approval than R senators from this list.  Poor Mitch McConnell.  Menendez looks like the only D with low approval.
To no one's surprise, Kansas fucking sucks.

A guy who ran as independent on the platform, "Not named Pat Roberts" and nothing else, very nearly won an election.
I'm curious if this poll moved beyond a Senator's own constituents how Sanders would fare against Elizabeth Warren?
Also, I have a whole lot to actually align us by being such a champion of the leftward tilt in Vermont and do not like Phish that is about the people.
I believe in you, America. As a Canadian who just helped elect a new Prime Minister with great potential, I hope you can receive the same. Go vote you lazy american internet slug. We're legalizing weed COUNTRY WIDE.
Probably because he's the only Senator most of those folks can name.
That's a low bar
230 people though? That's a really small sample size.
The problem is, though, that anyone who works in the top 10 most approved of as well.
Up vote for him in the 2014 cycle From what I've seen, there is a different story Actually listening to their constituents want?
It was a Republican version of Hitler.
COME ON BERNIE
Bernie Sanders is the worst thing that could happen to the United States. Besides Trump.
It's amazing how popular Bernie Sanders is with Redditors who don't actually have a job or pay income taxes.  Spending other people's money is fun, isn't it?!  Until you realize that raising taxes and continuing to pile on to our 18 TRILLION dollar national debt isn't really going have the outcome that you hoped for.  Sanders talks only about increasing government benefits... no real plan for reducing deficits.
Everybody circle. everybody circle, everybody circle to the left. 

And jerk. Jerk. Jerk. Jerk.  
This isn't all that surprising.
gj reddit
oh my Bern. Yung Bernie. BasedBernie!

you can fuck my bitch BasedBernie. you can fuck my main bitch you can fuck any bitch that's in my life BasedBernie!

you can take all my weed BasedBernie. you can roll all my weed you can smoke my weed you can smoke my weed by yourself BasedBernie you don't even gotta share the weed, you can fuck my Bitch you don't even gotta send her back you feel me?
top kek. dude has only passed 2 bills in 25 years of congress. what a joke
This is quite possibly the most irrelevant thing I've heard about Sanders. 

American people can't even name the freaking Vice President. 
God ...the Reddit circle jerk for Bernie Sanders is getting out of hand.  
And Hillary will still get the nomination, because that's what the big wigs in the Democrat party want.
Well then he should have no problem winning then...right???  
  
I swear everyday is a new story just made to suit his followers so that they feel good.  If even half of this shit was true he would be so far ahead of everyone else, it wouldnt be a contest.
Lol too bad he isn't the nation's most popular presidential candidate you Reddit circlejerkers.
Of course he is. He's a great guy. 
It's not really comprehensive, though, is it?
Given that maybe 10% of the country can even name 10 Senators at all this really means less than nothing.
So what will he do after March 15th?  
GOP's Rand Paul is good on a daily basis.
TIL: Mouth "Mindless" breathing voters on reddit, whom only understand 3rd grade level politics, suck up on any politician that beats the same tired drum rhythm.
This circle jerk has lasting power. The day he drops out will be the stuff of legend.
Feel the Bern...
Popular senator number two is clearly Donald Trump.
It's not even close.  I see only two others break 70.
I gotta ask, does he have a chance? I'm not American.
He's probably the o my senator most people can name. 
That's assuming that these folks know who their representatives are and where they stand on the issues important to them, etc.  As compared to Sanders, who has made his platform public for several months now.
Isn't that like being the turd with the most flecks of gold?
Bernie is honestly just a good person. So I hope you redditors understand the "circlejerk" as some put that we have for making him president. 

He is an honest, kind, and just man. I can see him making a difference and being considered one of our best presidents. 

I hope the USA will elect Bernie!  If they win they can propose policies like we have in Venezuela.  Everyone wins.  Except the class traitors.
Im not even american and wish i could give bernie my vote!
It's something I never really understood. Why run for president when your own state does not like you? It's like saying...my state doesn't like me, but I'm going to try to win 49 other states.

I'm glad Vermont likes Bernie. We know he's the right person for the job.
Big deal. Only 41.9% of the population votes.
This doesn't really mean anything in terms of the presidential race. It says that Bernie is known and well liked among his constituents.

Well, shit, what a shocker that is.

It says very little about national politics.

This is really not much different from, "My mom says I'm cool."
Voted by the same people who probably can't name their Mayor, Governor, or any of their own state's congressmen.
He also has the 3rd smallest sample size in this survey. 
But also the least well known. 
#
Fecking embarrassing
I liked him better before all the incessant BernieSpam on Reddit. Now the downvotes people get for daring to speak ill of him are making me want to vote for someone else.
Reddit Hug Of Death.
But he's still far behind Hillary...
Oh my gawd SHUT UP ABOUT HIM. He'll never be elected and no serious economist gives him the time of day, lol
Please Fucking Vote 
TIL Reddit has a huge boner for Sanders.
Because 75, 000 votes out of 70,000,000 eligible voters definitely constitutes a majority or "Most Popular" 
"this is why the world laughs at us stupid Americans"
Populists usually are.
Just six months ago they, the media, were saying he had no chance because so few people know who he is, I think he has informed the public on where He stands, where He wants America to go, and what He thinks being in America should mean. Is there anyone out there now who does not know who this Senator is?
I wish I was american just for election day so I could vote for him
There's only 75,000 redditors?
Bernie Sanders gave money to ISIS. 
My question to Bernie Sanders supporters:

When someone in Bangladesh observes your lifestyle, it seems as incredible to them as that of the 1% seems to you. 
Why are they not entitled to help themselves to your things, the way you consider yourself morally entitled to help yourself to the goods of the American rich?

In your answer, avoid moral irrelevancies like national borders; can we tolerate inequality just because it's cross-border?

Extra credit: take a picture of yourself divesting yourself of most of your goods in the name of global equality.
75,000 in all 50 states? Wow that'd be impressive if the population of all fifty states wasn't over 250,000,000
Bernie will make an excellent Senate Majority Leader, serving up progressive legislation for President Clinton to sign.
Nope this is not correct people will say. Bernie has a huge fan base so most polls and survey must be wrong. 
so is your mom!  bazinga!
From a sample of 230...Susan Collins has nearly 3x the sample and has a margin of error less than 2.7 of Bernies.....man.  Talk about celebrating a whole lot of nothing....
Well, according to the data presented the error bars of Sanders and the senator with second-highest approval (Susan Collins, R, Maine) and with the second-lowest disapproval (John Barrasso, R, Wyoming) overlap.

Because these margins of error overlap, we cannot - *by definition* - conclude that Sanders is "the most" popular.

Funny how poorly folks understand the most basic elements of statistics - including the folks who go to the trouble of designing and conducting these surveys.
Yea uhmm. Rand Paul is the best senator though.
The house in the neighborhood who gives out the full size candy bars at Halloween is the most popular too. 
NBC, Fox, MSN, CBS not covering Bernie...at least anything that supports him. {The Media isn't Biased though. Plus Bernie has no chance of beating Hillary! There! I already commented for you Hilary Shills.
[Bernie Personally Hands Out Halloween Candy; Hillary Leaves Bowl on Porch]
(https://americasbestnews.wordpress.com/2015/11/02/bernie-personally-hands-out-halloween-candy-hillary-leaves-bowl-on-porch/)
 We need someone with military experience, or at a minimum our secretary of defense should have military experience.
Is this a joke? Sample size for Bernie is 215 vs 6,696 for Boxer. 75,000 voters weren't asked the same question. This is the type of journalism worthy of a Drudge Report or Fox News not a legit news outlet.
I'm voting for you Bernie
This has to be the stupidest poll ive read about in a while.... How many people can even name more then one or two senators that arent from their state?  Its like asking a ten year old who th best president is.

Edit:  turns out if you read the article there is more information making the headline valid; ie. Im an idiot that only read the headline.
I like what he stands for and how he reacts, but he has no chance at being elected. The ticket was decided a long time ago, Bush/Clinton.
Let's all vote for the socialist because he's a nice guy. Because viewing politics as a personality contest has never gone bad before right?
75,000 is somehow representative of a population of over 300 Million? I love Bernie as much as the next person, but come on...
[deleted]
But is he the most popular presidential contender?
That's really not saying much.  Being the only non piece of shit in a dung pile.
[deleted]
That's not saying much at this point. Hillary's leading him, and everyone hates her. And Trump is leading Hillary. 
I just don't understand how Hillary is still beating him...
The definition of "damning with faint praise."
Don't get comfortable, you saw what being popular got Gore...
To say she was still just first lady.
As a republican, I assume you are coming from, if you're interested.
Running for president kind of results in this. People like their guy more when they have a chance of thinking he'll get elected as the president, look at Obama in Illinois.
Among people who take surveys.
Take notice every other state. YOU can have Bernie Sanders too if you just get out and show your support for him as a presidential candidate. Let us bring about the real change!
Vermont just has a bunch of hippies and so does reddit. ;) Go Bernie go!
LOL look at that web domain. 
And, yes, Bernie is definitely more in line with the Democratic establishment, and I was referring to 9/11 reassessment of the area Chamber of Commerce.
Six months ago, no one outside of Vermont had heard of Bernie Sanders. Now when he makes speeches in the Senate, people will listen to him because he's Bernie Sanders. This is why he's running for the nomination of a party he doesn't even belong to.
As a UVM alum and someone who's spent 4 years in Vermont I'm so proud of Bernie.
Isn't it to be expected that one of the few senators (people elected by a single state) who is running for president (elected by the whole country) would be the most popular senator? Most people do not follow the senate enough to know who most of the senators are, a lot of people would struggle to name both of their own.
I dont poll people, but I have never met a Bernie fan outside of the internet.  As a result, I think they may be fabricated.
The respondents were were offered free fried chicken, for their participation in the survey, and asked if they had a favorable or disfavorable opinion of Senator Sanders, afterwards...
over 300 million Americans but 75,000 make him the most "popular".  
And also may well be least popular.
Bernie is a man of the people!
You guys are stupid for thinking 75,000 people in all of the US means anything 
No shit
But I thought Sanders was only popular online with Millenials
Duh. 
Bernie Sanders -- The People's Candidate
Bernie, Bernie, Bernie!!!
Being the most popular Senator is just a small step above being the most popular child molester. You're still a POS just not as shitty as the other guy.
Is there any significant group of people in the public eye who don't think it was domestic terrorism? Even the craziest of the right-wing republican candidates have called it as much. This is not a rhetorical question: are there any public figures who disagree?
No shit. Why is this a news article?
It is whether most Americans believe it or not. Facts don't change because people are stupid.
Terrorism is the weapon of the powerless. One party can disproportionately harm a much stronger party by inflicting physical damage in a way that also elicits psychological damage (terror). If 9/11 were just treated as a terrible crime, the worst act of mass murder on U.S. soil, it would have been a short-lived victory for al-Qaeda. Instead, we were terrorized. We curtailed our citizens' freedoms (Patriot Act), we sent thousands of young Americans to be killed or maimed halfway around the world, and some of them committed atrocities there that helped to create a new generation of anti-American radicalization, and led to the emergence of ISIL. The "War on Terror" has been won, and not by us. Much like Vietnam, that fact may take us a few decades to fully admit.

The Paris attacks were a terrible crime. Those responsible, and their accomplices, should be tracked down to the fullest extent of the law. But, we also need to recognize that the threat terrorism (Islamic, Christian, or otherwise) poses to us, individually, is vanishingly small, and move on with our lives. When we betray the inscription on the statue of liberty and deny access to desperate refugees, the terrorists win. When we harass and demonize our own Muslim population, the terrorists win. If we send more troops into the Middle East, the terrorists definitely win.

All of this is to say, let go of the stupid partisan quibbling about labels. The CO and CA shootings were both terrible crimes. The motivations don't matter. Kill or arrest everyone responsible, take meaningful steps to reduce mass murder more broadly (e.g., mental health improvements, gun control) and move on. If you believe that you are in constant danger of being murdered by a religious nutjob, whether your boogeyman of choice is Christian or Muslim, you are wrong, and you are allowing that boogeyman to win.
Yes, of course it's terrorism.

Yes, of course the Paris Attacks were conducted by Radical Islamic Terrorists.

Yes, it's quite possible that the attack yesterday was conducted by a Radical Islamic Terrorist.  Yes, it may have just been a workplace dispute, but the assholes still killed 17 people, and the assholes had connections to Radical Islamic Terrorists overseas.  

No, not all Muslim people should apologize for Radical Islamic Terrorists.

No, not all Black people should apologize for crimes committed by Black people.

No, not all White people should apologize for crimes committed by White people.

No, not all Green people should apologize for crimes committed by Green people.

No, not all Straight people should apologize for crimes committed by Straight people.

No, not all Men should apologize for crimes commeted by other Men."

No, not all Women should apologize for crimes committed by other women.

No, not all *INSERT CATEGORY* should apologize for crimes committed by other *INSERT CATEGORY*

The only people who should apologize or be blamed for crimes committed are those that committed the crime or are part of the organization responsible for the crime.

Lets inject some sanity into politics, PLEASE?! Call it as it is.  It is what it is.  Terrorism is Terrorism regardless of if it fits your political narrative or not.  

Of all the things to be debating at a time like this.  I've got a bloody migraine.


Some people are gonna start calling reverse terrorism soon.
Ok, let's call it that.  Now what?
Honestly, why dies this matter?
Murder is murder! Who cares if we call it terrorism or not. What will that change?
No shit it's domestic terrorism. 
In all fairness, I am surprised that only 67% of those polled thought the attacks qualified as domestic terrorism. The mix of people who were polled was pretty even divided, with Democrats having a slightly larger representation.
I am a Republican, I am not particularly a big fan of abortion, nor am I particularly fond of funding Planned Parenthood with taxpayer dollars. But I do agree that resorting to violence to achieve a political goal, is terrorism.
So I wouldn't necessarily equate most Americans thinking these violent acts are terrorism, with Americans supporting Planned Parenthood.
ter·ror·ism


ˈterəˌrizəm/


noun


noun: terrorism


"the use of violence and intimidation in the pursuit of political aims."


Violence: Check

Intimidation: Check

Done in the pursuit of political aims: Check


Terrorism is terrorism, no need to throw domestic on the front of it and make it convoluted. Call it what it is, its all equally horrible.
Who doesn't?  I am pro life but going in and shooting people is just as wrong.  
In other news, fire hot, water wet.
Is anyone really debating this. Of course that guy was a terrorist and of course we have to deal with it. The question about "foreign terrorism" is if we want to import a bunch of "maybe terrorists" just to have a more "diverse" PR photo isn't it?
While they are "terrorism" it's not "organized terrorism". There is no command and control type structure. "Lone Wolf Terrorism" is still "TERRORISM", look at the Ft. Hood shootings.  There is a reason they are investigated differently and prosecuted differently, because that's how they can get a maximum penalty. They can't attack a structure that isn't there.
What else would it be called? 
I'm confused.  Do some people think they aren't? 
I didn't realize people didn't think of them as terrorism.. 
I honestly don't give a rat's ass what most Americans think. You can't change the definitions of words because of a poll. It's a violent act motivated by political beliefs. Ergo, terrorism. 
Terrorism : Noun

    The use of violence and intimidation in the pursuit of political aims.

Yes, by definition attacks on Planned Parenthood are indeed acts of domestic terrorism.
Nice front page today Reddit, we get a 2 for 1 special on agenda narrative, whatever it takes I guess to sway attention from yesterdays  event, Winston's edit room is working OT on this one.
"MOST"?  jeez.  This should be almost all, allowing for a few unfortunate souls who are actually insane or too dumb to understand the question fully.
Ok. How many think that yesterday was "terrorism" vs "workplace violence"?
then it's time to start charging people that commit such acts as domestic terrorists in a court of law
And most Americans think that when we bomb hospitals in the middle east, it's collateral damage and national security. What's your point? Murder is muder.
What blows my mind is how everyone is all tore up over some baby murderers being murdered. Ironic in a way
Threatening the lives of patients trying to enter the clinics should fall under the same category as well, and that happens every single day. Why that's viewed as acceptable 'political protest' evades any common sense. 
Ok. So how do we change the definition? Who do I write to?
Define: terrorism

"the use of violence and intimidation in the pursuit of political aims."

Apply definition to current problem. 

Conclude that bombing an abortion clinic is terrorism. The word domestic isn't needed but I suppose it supplies context.
...and water is wet. 
I don't understand what good these polls do, any person who can make a coherent thought understands this was domestic terrorism.  Just like the boston bombers, and the person who shot at a military recruiting station in wisconsin
The remaining people are Trump supporters.
And the next polls will show they support the God loving anti PP politicians who are instigating these forms of attacks. They have such idiotic views of the world that they're too blind to see they're part of the cause and effect. It's a never ending cycle of stupidity. 

"Oh my god another shooting how terrible" "wait you aren't taking my guns! FREEDOM"
Here's Reddit in a nutshell on this topic:

- "Oh no, Americans are doing terrible things to other Americans. Fuck those guys and fuck the media for releasing their names and giving them credibility."
- Article comes out about how we don't openly label these assholes as terrorists, as if it matters what they're fucking labeled as.
- "I CANT BELIEVE PEOPLE DONT CALL THESE TERRORISTS WHAT THEY REALLY ARE!!! THEYRE FUCKING TERRORISTS!!!"

Reddit you so dumb.
Terrorism is the use of violence and intimidation in the pursuit of political aims.

Attacking abortion clinics to send a message about politically defined laws to " stop baby parts" is terrorism by definition. There was a political and social agenda for the attack. Had the man had no political motive or message and killed people because he was mentally unstable, it would not be considered Terrorism. 

By definition he was a Domestic Terrorist. 
In other words, the Republican Party promotes a terroristic agenda. 
The fuck else would it be?
Of course it's terrorism, and it's obviously domestic.  This is not a question.   We shouldn't have to congratulate ourselves that we know the definitions of basic words.

The real issue are the people on the right going out of their way to distort and obfuscate so that their values aren't ever questioned.
Anyone who doesn't think an attack on an abortion clinic is domestic terrorism needs to research the definition of "domestic terrorism", because it most certainly is.
"In other news, facts still aren't changed by people's opinions". 
What else would you call it??
Yeah, um... that would be BECAUSE IT IS! The very definition of terrorism is basically murder in the name of something political. There are few topics as politically loaded as abortion. 
[Terrorism](http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/terrorism) according to Webster. Literally:

&gt;: the use of violent acts to frighten the people in an area as a way of trying to achieve a political goal

That's what this is, de facto.
Why do we have to poll about this? 

Its plain as day is. 
Well *no shit*! That's because going *anywhere* and randomly shooting people is called "terrorism!"  
^^^if ^^^the ^^^motivation ^^^is ^^^political, ^^^religious, ^^^or ^^^ideological! ^^^Generally ^^^speaking, ^^^premeditated ^^^mass ^^^killings ^^^of ^^^innocents ^^^designed ^^^to ^^^influence ^^^government ^^^decision-making ^^^policy!
I don't care what it's called.  It's evil and several republican candidates should be held accountable for encouraging it.  They won't be, though, they'll be rewarded by their shamefully stupid supporters.
This is another facts V. feelings thing? Cause regardless how you feel, it's a fact. 
Genuine question:

**What's the argument against this?**

(please don't downvote any relevant replies to this, just because someone is explaining the premise of an argument, doesn't mean they necessarily agree with it)
I guess we can call BLM and all of the rioting terrorism as well, with Chicago as the terrorist capital of the USA.
Who cares what people think? Attacks on abortion clinics are done with the intent to cause fear in those who use their services. When done by citizens, that is the definition of domestic terrorism. Whether people *understand* that or not is irrelevant- it fits the definition of domestic terrorism.

The frightening part of people's opinions though is that this shows that about 50% of Republicans disregard the definition of domestic terrorism. The irrationality concerns me.
It's not that most Americans *think* attacks on abortion clinics are acts of domestic terrorism, it's that these attacks are *literally* defined as domestic terrorism.

[18 U.S.C. §2331(5)](http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/USCODE-2011-title18/pdf/USCODE-2011-title18-partI-chap113B-sec2331.pdf) states: "the term "domestic terrorism" means activities that - (A) involve acts dangerous to human life that are a violation of the criminal laws of the United States or any State: (B) appear to be intended - (i) to intimidate or coerce a civilian population; (ii) to influence the policy of a government by intimidation or coercion; or (iii) to affect the conduct of a government by mass destruction, assassination, or kidnapping; and (C) occur primarily within the territorial jurisdiction of the United States.

This same definition is used by [the FBI](https://www.fbi.gov/news/testimony/animal-rights-extremism-and-ecoterrorism) and by the [Department of Homeland Security](http://www.dhs.gov/topic/countering-violent-extremism). The [Department of Justice](http://trac.syr.edu/tracreports/terrorism/169/include/terrorism.whitepaper.pdf) issued a White Paper in 2006 that states:

&gt;Domestic terrorism includes acts that are dangerous to human life, violate federal or state criminal laws, and appear to be intended to intimidate or coerce a civilian population, influence government policy through intimidation or coercion, or effect the conduct of government by mass destruction, assassination or kidnapping. Current domestic terrorism threats include animal rights extremists, eco-terrorists, anarchists, ant-government extremists such as "sovereign citizens" and unauthorized militias, Black separatists, White supremacists, **and anti-abortion extremists** (page 59) (emphasis added).

Saying that most Americans think this is domestic terrorism is meaningless, as the opinion of Americans doesn't change the reality that this guy falls under the federal definition of domestic terrorism.
Ok on the one hand I initially just though "Well of course they are", but then how are they any different from just straight up crime?  Are terrorism and crime mutually exclusive?  Does the categorization really matter?  These aren't rhetorical, I really don't know.
GOP: "They might be terrorists, but they're *our* terrorists!"
Why is this even an article? Stop reducing pure malice to school yard arguments over semantics.  This is fucking childish.
You fucks are just determined to villify Christianity aren't you? Of course it's domestic terrorism. Now go on with your fucking day.
Fuck this politically correct shit ... If a none Arab American  commits a mass shooting it's 9/10 domestic terrorism and they are doing it because they were not radicalized by a Muslim extremist group . Most Arabs don't commit mass shootings for any reason besides the fact they are Muslim extremists .
funny how vox seems to want to change the narrative away from yesterday's case of domestic terrorism. i guess they can't find a way to exploit that to promote their agenda.
You just lay a hot dog on the wide end of a crescent triangle. Then you roll it up with the crescent like normal. Bake at 350 for 12 minutes. The cheese dogs in garlic crescents are especially good!
This just in if you go to a public area and start shooting people, it is consider domestic terrorism. Next on the news water is wet and the sky is blue. 
What if we all decided 'terrorism' is a feeble-minded word used by those in power to push their political agenda????
The real headline should have been "33% of Americans don't think politically-motivated attacks are terrorism unless they're Muslims." I cannot say I'm proud to be an American anymore. Every day, there's some repulsive story about Y'All Qaeda trying to drag this country back 50 years. It's disgraceful.

I really need to take a break from the Internet for a while...
Gee, maybe we can get the media off it's ass to call this what it is, instead of fucking cowering from conservatives. 
I wanna hear one of those Republican presidential candidates that's so obsessed with making people say radical Islam, say radical Christianity. 
the headline should read: "Most Americans accept the fucking fact that attacks on abortion clinics are literally 'domestic terrorism'"
I would like to see some statistics on the religious background of those who kill live people (at abortion clinics and Planned Parenthood facilities) because they want to "protect" something that's barely conceived.  I mean, every time a Muslim or Islamist bombs one of these clinics, it makes me crazy!
 &gt; Poll: Most Americans KNOW that attacks on abortion clinics are domestic terrorism. The rest are wrong.

FTFY
It is actually somewhat encouraging to see that people are seeing this for what it is.
Shouldn't legislative efforts, crafted by hard-line Republicans, to create an undue burden on a woman's right to an abortion similarly be labeled domestic terrorism (of the body)?
Most Americans are hispanics too. Absolute majority has lost meaning centuries ago
I'm relieved to hear most Americans are not completely brain dead. 
This should be almost all, allowing for a few decades to fully admit.
The fact that this isn't 100% makes me sad.
what, not workplace violence? 
I'm not making laws, just giving what my immediate thought is when I think a lot of people who were on watchlists.
We need more polling data for regressive labels.
I didn't say it wasn't terrorism because they hate planned parenthood and don't care that it will happen again if things don't change, there is no compelling reason be afraid nor to alter behavior.
I recall in 2001 being very concerned about how the word "terrorist" was being thrown around. It seemed that a "war on terror" was too abstract, that it was feasible that anyone that disagreed with the powers that be could be easily labeled a "terrorist" and the war goes on.

Fourteen years later and that's exactly what I'm seeing here.

Now don't get me wrong, I've given money to PP for many years. And not because of all the other services provide--those services are covered by state and federal funds. I donate because I want women to have access to abortions.

But we seem too damn focused on classifying this as "terrorism" as though getting this fuckwads to wear that label will somehow fix things. The "war on terrorism" was a PR stunt all along and it was never meant to protect people from these actions.
Then all other terroism should be termed as International Terrorism or ... Country of Origin Terrorism.. 

Do we in the USA have so many attacks that we are now arguing about the NAMING CONVENTION?

Let's focus our attention at solving it... not the Sensationalist words..
Why is labeling terrorism becoming such a big deal?  Honestly, as if the fucking label makes what happened any better, worse, or even changes anything at all.
Terrorism is the stupid people seem to be a terrorist, as well as all the other participating/attending members of that church.
Where are the actual numbers and evidence of polling power? Anybody could make this in excel. You need that info to prove this is a legitimate poll
Well I would fucking hope so.
Who says otherwise?
 Water board in guantanamo, "Huckabee made me do it!"
It's great that people are calling this what it is, but I hate the term "domestic terrorism". Terrorism is terrorism, like abuse is abuse and racism is racism and sexism is sexism. I mean I get the differentiation, but I think that only leads to subtlety reinforcing the idea that "real" (read: non-domestic) terrorists are Middle Eastern, ignoring the fact that tactics and mindsets aren't geographically, racially, or gender specific. 
Good thing we're having debates over what to call these events.  Definitely moving forward on these issues by arguing over what to call them.
FFS in the 70-80 attacks on abortion clinics and doctors were sadly common grounds ! And such acts were labelled "terrorism" (even "Christian terrorism")

How can people ignore history and act like this is the first time ?! 
At first glance I thought this was a TIL. Was about to lose my mind.
Of course it's a terrorist attack. I know I'll probably get down voted for it but I'm pro-life. That doesn't mean i get to be a hypocrite and kill innocent people. It also doesn't mean I get to force my opinion on others. If the conversation comes up I tell you my opinion, I tell you why that's my opinion and if you disagree then ok. I can't stop you. This shit is terrorism and not helping his beliefs or anyone who is also pro life.

 
i dont understand americans, this seems like an american centric problem in australia abortion clinics arent demonized, wtf is wrong with the yanks
623 people does not equal most Americans, Vox. Clickbait at its best. 
That bar graph gave me cancer...a graph that show's 0 to 90 percent?
I don't see how terminology or labels is particularly newsworthy?
WHY THE FUCK DOESNT OUR REPRESENTATIVE GOVERNMENT ACTUALLY REPRESENT US?
This seems obvious. I'm pro-life and this was domestic terrorism, heck even Mike Huckabee [said](http://www.cnn.com/2015/11/29/politics/mike-huckabee-planned-parenthood-domestic-terrorism/) so
I mean by definition it's terrorism. Why does it matter if the majority of people think it is or not?
That's because it is.
Can someone explain to me why what we label attacks like this matters? Does it change how we handle it? This conversation amongst politicians seems like semantics.
How do most americans feel about the cost of tea in china, though?
nuh uh vox is sjw i iz smart
...soooo terrorism?
But shooting up a Christmas party attended by developmentally disabled individuals and their caretakers is just "workplace violence"
Why does there need to be an extra qualifier "domestic" terrorism? As if to separate and in a weird sense raise it above Islamic terrorism. Terrorism is the act of inciting terror and it's plain-ole, terrorism
Or just simply terrorism. 
I feel like this whole thing where "white people aren't called terrorists" is a straw man.

Do the people making this accusation choose to ignore, or simply have selective memory about the [IRA](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_terrorist_incidents_in_Great_Britain) and how virtually everything that group did was referred to as terrorism? (and that they are at least 90% white by membership)

Can anyone reference any incidents where 'whites' killed for the sake of an ideology shared with a larger community of people seeking to harm non-combatants, and were not identified as terrorists? 

I see people speak like this all the time now, but I never know what specific events are being described. Oklahoma city was done by Timothy McVeigh, a "terrorist", the Unibomber Ted Kaczynski was a "terrorist", Breivik the shooter in Norway from a while back was  both "white" and labelled a "terrorist". 

Forgive me if I'm ruining a great joke, if that's all this is for people, but I think stuff like this is getting in peoples heads and some people are taking it seriously. Which is worrisome when I don't see what legitimate truth there is to it.

On the other side of this claim, I haven't seen any Muslims attempting to rob a bank or a liquor store get called terrorists either. 

I haven't seen anyone violate these rules in their labelling:

If you act alone with ambiguous motives you are crazy.

If you act alone or in a group and claim specific motivation you are a terrorist.

If you act in a group with ambiguous motives you are a crazy terrorist.
Attacks like killing people? Yeah I can't get behind that, I guess if the result is to instill terror in the people killing fetuses by killing them, that would certainly be terrorism. There are other ways to stop abortion, but I guess if you thought there was a building where tons of murders happened every day and nothing was being done about it, you'd be a fool to not try to stop it.
Do we have to call everything some kind of terrorism now?  Just like everything you do to another person is aone kind of assault and any sex can be considered some kind of rape now.  People just love their buzz words these days. 
That's because it is.
Is Reddit surprised by this? 
Attacks at an abortion clinics are not the same attacks on abortion clinics. 

If this guy just happened to go to an abortion clinic it is not the same as if he targeted it because it was an abortion clinic. 
Can we come up with something better than domestic terrorism? All this is going to do is cause more alphabet agencies to remove more of our privacy and rights. Can't we just call people psychos and move on?
I'm glad we did a poll with 51% of the American population.

In all seriousness why are we upvoting clickbait titles like this?
what's your point OP. everyone thinks that. the only people who dont claim it is the same media that people here praise for their 'righteous' (aka fact-less witch hunts) coverage of other stories.
Wouldn't that be like saying every attack on a black person is a hate crime? There is a difference between some and all.
Count me for one and a hate crime.
It's posted on politics because it's interesting if unsurprising to see they're part of the clergy during the time that they were active.
Well if anybody is actually interested in the debate here (which, honestly, this is /r/politics, so I doubt it):

1) Actually, we don't know if this really fits the FBI definition of terrorism, which is: 

&gt;the unlawful use of force or violence against persons or property to intimidate or coerce a government, the civilian population, or any segment thereof, in furtherance of political or social objectives.

We don't know that it fits this because:

2) We actually **don't** know what this guy's motive was.  The closest thing we have was that he said "no more baby parts" during an interview with the police (after he was captured).  But even the person who released that information cautioned that it was the ONLY reference he made to planned parenthood, and that he said a LOT of things during their interview.

Is that probably what happened?  Yes, that is probably what happened, but there is some important information to consider when we're talking about "probably what happened":

1) He killed 3 people.  One of them was a cop who responded, one of them was a person who responded to try and help, and the third was somebody who was accompanying a friend to PP.  If PP was his target he didn't make that very obvious by his actions, partially because

2) The events didn't even entirely take place at a PP.  The first victim came into a grocery store almost a quarter of a mile away, and the eventual standoff happened at a PP, but this was NOT a case of a guy going into a planned parenthood and shooting people with the clear intent of furthering a political agenda against PP.

---

Now if we're talking about the word terrorism as a colloquialism, then yes, obviously this fits the definition of terrorism, which seems to be any act meant to scare people using violence.
Terrorism is defined as someone targeting/killing non-combatants. The word has a certain stigma tethered to it, which produces incorrect associations. 

Most Americans think attacks on abortion clinics are domestic terrorism because they are. 
No Shit
Most americans also believe in jesus.
So is gang violence.
This is like posting a news article of a poll saying that most Americans believe the moon is real... a fact is a fact whether you believe it or not..
The problem is the weapon of the world that they feel forced to emigrate to and join ISIS.
...because it is?  I really don't know what the discussion is about.
What else would they be?  "Republican happy funtime"?
The term terrorism can become somewhat muddled, which is why I think discussing how the term should be used and what qualifies as terrorism (and what does not) is a question best suited for the academics and the governmental policy makers. Moreover, qualifying home-grown terrorism as "domestic terrorism" is unnecessary since almost no one uses the term "foreign terrorism." 

But if people think it's useful to say "domestic terrorism" that's fine too. I don't think it's worthwhile to get caught up in the arguments over language use, but is does seem that the most clear definition or label is always best. I like the line in the U.S. Oath of Allegiance that states a citizen must defend the U.S., "against all enemies, foreign and domestic."
Never said there was a coordinated effort. All it takes is a person with an agenda to commit an act of terrorism. 
I have not been paying attention to the news lately, would someone update me? Plz 
How could it not be?
In other news fire is hot
Who cares if anyone thinks it is or it isnt. I don't care about people's feelings on the matter. It is or it isn't, and in this case it very clearly is. End of discussion. 
Duh
We think everything is "terrorism" now.

The actual terms for people committing crimes have expanded so much from the actual definition that it is nuts.
Are the obvious terrorist attacks in San Bernardino also terrorism? 
I don't understand how people think. Someone shooting people at the abortion clinics because they are against abortions is exactly the same as someone shooting up schools in the middle east because they don't believe girls should receive education.
This is domestic terrorism and so is all the footage of rioting in Baltimore and Ferguson right?
And yet, every single person I know on Facebook makes posts going on about how unacceptable it is that the attacks are not considered domestic terrorism by anyone.

Of course, they always throw the gem in there, "Why is it not mentioned that he is Christian?", and when I point out to them that in most cases it is immaterial to the motiviation, and even in the recent clinic attack *many* reports were made about the "baby parts" comments in motivation, thus pointing out where religious motivation could be the key ... they just flip out and proclaim that I am pro-abortion, pro-killing, anti-women, and that I somehow said that murder victims deserved to be murdered.

The SF bay are is ... not a good place for intelligent discourse.
umm... Is it not considered that now? Of course its domestic terrorism.
And the best case argument here is that it's the mothers that would be the terrorists and not the clinics; clinics aren't forcing their services on anyone, they're performing a service that is being requested by the mothers.
I'm concerned about our focus on semantics while people keep dying. Can we address the loss of life first?
From my perspective, Terrorism = To use fear/violence for political/idealogical gain.

Edit: added violence
I don't get how this is even a question. 10 years ago bombings at abortion clinics were domestic terrorism.

The recent 'debate' (for lack of a better term) is if other mass shootings are. A silly debate IMO, some are some aren't. Terrorism already has a definition.

I will say that overall being hesitant to label American citizens as 'terrorists' is probably a good thing.
So now we are going to let popular opinion define "terrorism"? How convient that this closes the propaganda loop where everything is now defined as terrorism.
&gt; Most Americans think attacks on abortion clinics are “domestic terrorism."

"Think"? Those attacks *are* domestic terrorism. It's not a matter of opinion.
Why are people arguing this hard over what we call something? Calling it one thing or another doesn't make it more or less reprehensible.
Uhhh... Who doesn't? I think it's domestic terrorism and one of horrible awful people who think that abortion is murder from conception
No shit. People are over reacting with the whole "WHEN A WHITE MALE DOES THEY DONT CALL IT TERRORISM" sentiment. 
Calm dawn america . Just see south park and laugh your fears off
Only 54% of the GOP feels terrorism should be labeled "terrorism"?

At least they squeaked out a slim majority.
Can anyone explain to me why the distinction matters? Regardless of whether or not I consider this "domestic terrorism" I can still believe people who commit acts of violence should be charged with crimes and convicted if the evidence indicates as much….
Cowardly he-said/she-said journalism.    

The US Code for the definition of terrorism is quite simple to find:

18 U.S.C. § 2332b defines the term "federal crime of terrorism" as an offense that:
•	Is calculated to influence or affect the conduct of government by intimidation or coercion, or to retaliate against government conduct; and
•	Is a violation of one of several listed statutes, including § 930(c) (relating to killing or attempted killing during an attack on a federal facility with a dangerous weapon); and § 1114 (relating to killing or attempted killing of officers and employees of the U.S.).



Let's argue over semantics and make sure that line in the sand between Americans is deep and defined.
Gods work is not terrorism. /s 
Does seem to boil down to if it's your god or someone else's telling people to go kill people.
Um, they are, aren't they?  Terrorism means attacks intended to scare people out of acting freely.  And those attacks fit that exactly
Who would think they are NOT?!
They are, aren't they?  Explain why they aren't
The "domestic" tag means "not a Muslim."
We all know if a mob says it that makes it true. 
There are two types of people in this world, people who can recognize domestic terrorism and idiots. Attacks designed to terrorise like those on these clinics are terrorism.
That's because it IS domestic terrorism.  It's not a matter if opinion. 
Well...I'm glad we've figured out what to properly call it...that will go a long way toward accomplishing...well fucking nothing actually...
This is obviously terrorism. How is that not clear? But just pointing out, the media defends planned parenthood because it fits the narrative of a Christian attacker, but when a couple of Muslim extremists shoot up an autism treatment center, it's "workplace violence and another reason to strengthen gun laws." Smh 
http://imgur.com/RqVg9Mo

USA A-OKAY!
Definition of domestic terrorism(wikipedia):

 The statutory definition of domestic terrorism in the United States has changed many times over the years; also, it can be argued that acts of domestic terrorism have been occurring since long before any legal definition was set forth.
Under current United States law, set forth in the USA PATRIOT Act, acts of domestic terrorism are those which: "(A) involve acts dangerous to human life that are a violation of the criminal laws of the United States or of any State; (B) appear to be intended— (i) to intimidate or coerce a civilian population; (ii) to influence the policy of a government by intimidation or coercion; or (iii) to affect the conduct of a government by mass destruction, assassination, or kidnapping; and (C) occur primarily within the territorial jurisdiction of the United States.


It's not really an opinion . . . since it was politically motivated it is, ipso facto, terrorism.
**The [Political Correctness Line](http://www.realclearpolitics.com/cartoons/images/2015/12/04/lisa_benson_current_cartoon_2015-12-04_5_.jpg)**
I was once told by an American that the Irish catholic who set the bomb I experienced was not a terrorist, but a freedom fighter.

After all, if we define violent acts designed to create political change as terrorism, that definition captures a pretty wide group of actions. Some of which many posters may feel sympathy for.


I'm assuming the people who disagree are christians....
No shit why is this even a news article? 
As i heard the radio say a shooting in progress at an abortion clinic. I instantly thought "please don't be an idiot who believed carly's baby brain harvest speech."
I know its a bit drastic to try and demand truth only in politics. But most of america can draw a straight line between the events at the second republican debate, and this act of terrorism that seems to have been spurred by it. It probably wouldn't have happened if people werent allowed to lie in political debates. Crazy mc shoot-em-up believed it as truth because it was on tv coming out of a politicians mouth and not a single person questioned it.
Our 3 ring circus style politics are whipping some of the crowd into a murder frenzy because drama sells and it terrifies me this is permissable 
In other news water is wet
How is it not?

Domestic: of or relating to the running of a home or to family relations.

Terrorism: the use of violence and intimidation in the pursuit of political aims.

Shooting up a PH or standing outside harassing people as they enter, harassing doctors, and threatening them sounds like intimidation at the very least to me.

There was an NPR story this week where a doctor was talking about how she has to dress in plains clothes leaving her clinic because shes worried people will associate her as a doctor there. They have pictures of her on forums where she is labeled an abortionist agenda activist and should be targeted. 
Like wtf.
The original terrorism was done by the leaders of the French Revolution and was meant to intimidate opponents to the revolution (radicals or reactionaries on either side) from moving against the new republic. Since then, the word has typically been used to describe non-state actors who attack state actors using asymmetric warfare tactics. That being said, it can be argued that state actors actions bring terror to civilians as well. However, the state and the state-allied powered elite are most effective at defining the language we use to describe terrorism, for example. Lately this includes branding violence committed by Muslims as "terrorism" rather than "mass shootings".

To demonstrate my point, I don't think people refer to the slaying of black people as part of Jim Crow to be "acts of terrorism" because it was the southern white community at large who was in favor of the terror, in many cases.

So, is this terrorism? I don't think so, not by the common use of the word. I like that this study is showing that many people don't accept the "official" definition of terrorism, if that is what this is saying.
And again with more articles on the front page of r/politics trying to divert from yesterdays terrorist attack. 
This makes the far left exceedingly happy... I really don't understand why. 

It's terrorism. 
The rest don't know what domestic terrorism is, apparently. 
And when people with heavily skewed views on Christianity do it with religious motivation: Christian terrorism.
How is this even up for debate?  It's violence with a political goal.  Terrorism.
Domestic terrorism" means activities with the following three characteristics: REQUIRES ALL THREE

Involve acts dangerous to human life that violate federal or state law; (yes)

Appear intended (i) to intimidate or coerce a civilian population; (ii) to influence the policy of a government by intimidation or coercion; or (iii) to affect the conduct of a government by mass destruction, assassination. or kidnapping; and (maybe)

Occur primarily within the territorial jurisdiction of the U.S. (yes)

The only debate is number 2 did he do it thinking it would change people's minds or because it was right. End of discussion.
Why do we even need polls for this type of shit... It goes without saying that any attack of that nature against anything is a terrorist attack...
I'm sad it's "most" and not "all"
Duh.  Everyone knows it's domestic terrorism.  The real question is why so many Americans question Muslim terrorists for being terrorists.
Terrorism - noun
the use of violence and intimidation in the pursuit of political aims.

So, when you see people being labeled "terrorist" I implore you to research what exactly their political aim is, what legislation is pass afterwards, and the propaganda coming from the media to stoke the fire. Without fear terrorism is just an ism. So why does America and it's citizens exist in such ignorance as to be scared of the entire world, and every bad little thing that happens in it? 

If you have no fear, then nothing can destroy or defeat you. With fear, a country can be pushed to war, imploded, and destroyed. Look at this country since 9/11. Have we learned nothing from the past? Why do we still give in to these ridiculous games of being brainwashed into fearing the world and all it's people, and into hating select demographics of people? Because all of you are sheep, and you care not to learn the truth of this world or the truth of God. So, you go on in ignorance, pillaging lands and aiding in the destruction of our planet and it's citizens. Wake up, humanity! 
I swear to god everything has to be linked to the word "terrorism". Why does it matter what it is categorized; it's not going to solve anything except push America's sensitivity about that word. 
I have an idea: Let's all get distracted by worthless semantic distinctions instead of focusing on the real problem. /s
I prefer the term "republican jihadist "
Wow. What a bunch of ideological, shameless fucks you are. 

In the wake of a planned Islamic terrorist attack -  you assholes are pounding away at your "republicans are terrorists" bullshit.

Reeks of desperation.

The bodies JUST got removed from the scene today ಠ_ಠ
yet a radicalized islamic couple going on a rampage and building dozens of pipe bombs, while being in contact with know islamic terrorists is "possibly" terror related according to Obama
Two days later and nothing on the front page about the Muslims who killed 14 people in California.  I love reddits new algorithm, what a shame this site has become.
i'm usually right there with the hivemind, but the absence of news about yesterday's little doubted legitimate terrorist attack vs last week's planned parenthood attack reeks of "hey hey look over here not over there!"
It's sad that this even needs to be discussed. 
[deleted]
The fact that isnt all Americans is insane..
Because the Transgender community and Left have such a long-running feud with PP. 

The shooter also describe himself as a "Christian", so what does that mean? 
My drivers license listed me as "F" (I'm M) for like 5 years.

I know it's *shocking* that a massive bureaucracy would screw up data entry, but it does happen.
[TROY NEWMAN, ACTIVIST BEHIND PLANNED PARENTHOOD VIDEOS, ENDORSES TED CRUZ](https://www.tedcruz.org/news/troy-newman-activist-behind-planned-parenthood-videos-endorses-ted-cruz/)

&gt;Newman protested at the execution of Paul Jennings Hill, who murdered physician John Britton and his bodyguard James Barrett in 1994. In a September 3, 2003 press release Newman stated, "There are many examples where taking a life in defense of innocent human beings is legally justified and permissible under the law."

&gt;Newman published the book Their Blood Cries Out in the year 2000, featuring extensive sections comparing George Tiller to Adolf Hitler, and likening abortion to "sacrifice to demons". He argues doctors who perform abortions should be executed by the government "in order to expunge bloodguilt from the land and people". A hand-signed copy of the book was in Scott Roeder's collection.

&gt;Following his assassination of George Tiller in 2009, Scott Roeder was interviewed by Amanda Robb of Ms. magazine, stating that he had lunch with Newman and discussed using violence to stop abortion. He said that during the lunch they discussed "something like if an abortionist—I don’t even know if it was specifically Tiller…was shot, would it be justified?… And [Newman] said, “If it were, it wouldn’t upset me."

------

Conservatives have been trying pretty hard to avoid this being tied to their rhetoric.

/r/conservative had 6 posts yesterday on their front page blaming everything but their antiabortion rhetoric including not enough guns, Obama, and saying being transgender must have been the reason.

The top post was actually titled "Colorado Shooter identifies as a woman on Voter Registration. So much for Conservative Christian White Guy."
You know the guy is still alive, all it takes is to ask him if he identifies as male or female. 

My bet (judging by just the mug shot) is that it was a clerical error and he identifies as male. 

Regardless, Caitlyn Jenner identifies as conservative, so being transgender doesn't disqualify you as a conservative. 

Of course, doesn't matter to conservatives, as long as they keep saying it enough times it will be true in their eyes.

Edit: Caitlyn, not Kaitlyn
&gt;As the New York Times explained, Dear was very much a recluse, the type “that preferred to be left alone,”

#left

leftist confirmed
Ted Cruz once again demonstrating that he is a proud card carrying member of Y'all Qaeda.
Brought to you by the same people who said it was a bank robbery gone bad
Yeah!  Trans-gendered people.  Always trying to......wait, what?
History will record this election as the Lie Olympics. And with this, Cruz has qualified for the finals. 
&gt; conservatives invented an entirely new narrative claiming that the incident was a bank robbery gone wrong and that the shooter had simply hidden in the Planned Parenthood when he was unable to get away

jesus that comes across as so desperate
Because Transgendered Leftests are the natural enemy of Planned Parenthood /s
I'm a Canadian but I find American politics to be especially interesting, however I still cannot understand what someone like Ted Cruz's end game is. What do him and all the other tea party members/religious right want? Is their entire to goal to create some sort of ultra-capitalist theocracy with little to no economic intervention? Because that's what it feels like.
&gt; the type “that preferred to be left alone,”

See? A leftist.

Checkmate, leftists.
One of the prime architects highly likely responsible for this atrocity trying to shift the blame to the opposite party.  The world would be a much better place without assholes like this.

I was once a republican, but the latest crop of hate mongering, lying pieces of shit have made me lose any respect for the party. 

Now, do you want to know how I really feel?
So, not only is he anti-pro-choice, but he wants to label transgendered people as mentally ill homocidal maniacs? 
As a trans woman, just once I'd like to see the word "transgender" on the front page and have it be something positive.

Even the dedicated subs are hard to look through. Trans homicide rate is at a record high, Caitlyn Jenner doing stupid shit, discrimination being accepted by courts, and everything in between is shit we already know ("People are mean in the workplace!" "The Right Wing Hates Us, Click Here to Find Out in What Ways"). Tumblr has been doing a good job of co-opting what the movement has been working for and twisting it into a parody of itself.

Yeah, transgender people are becoming more and more visible, but so is the violence, intolerance, and overall ignorance. I think I'm more scared to come out and transition now than I was five years ago, before the movement made much of any of the ground it has now.
Trans reporting in. This isn't meant to reinforce the binary or "passing" shit, but...pretty much every trans woman I know, myself included, is fairly invested in not growing a beard like Stinky Pete the Prospector. That's your first red flag that this narrative *may* be mistaken.
Yeah and I'm a facsist unicorn. 
Can we give Ted Cruz back to Canada? He's not even an American.
I talk to Tea Party members all the time. Right now they firmly believe that the story is that a pro-Obama transgender man tried to rob a bank and ended up barricading himself in the Planned Parenthood. These people are fucking retarded.
And people say *Trump* is the crazy one.
Does anybody in either party not consider Cruz an idiot?
The media needs to start calling out this bullshit. 

I'm tired of the false equivalency shit they pull with republicans. 
It's not just Ted Cruz being crazy though, from a quick look on Fox News comments yesterday, the [rhetoric is already set](http://i.imgur.com/vcObIu0.png).

This is what his constituents genuinely believe and it's kind of his job to represent them.
So they're going with straight up denial on this one then.
Ted Cruz isn't stupid. He's taking advantage of an opportunity to associate Transgenderhood with violent behavior and poor mental health.
Before trump was riding high I felt that it was pretty safe that republicans would see through cruzs bs.

Now that trump is fading I see people buying his shit.  
&gt;As the New York Times explained, Dear was very much a recluse, the type “that preferred to be left alone,”


^^^^^^^^^^^.
&gt;"that preferred to be left"

Checkmate, communist scum!
This is so fucking embarrassing man, I hope people in other countries don't see this shit.
Speaking as a trans woman, Planned Parenthood and the trans community do have something in common; we both suffer the violence brought on by the lies and propaganda these evil people (Republican candidates) perpetuate.


One would hope that an intelligent, self-aware person would recognize the damage their rhetoric had caused and learn from that lesson. Instead, they're responding to that blatant fact with more misleading and damaging rhetoric.
I can't say that I'm surprised.

Let's face a hard fact here, so incredibly visible during this primary season: A large percentage of Republicans who are involved enough to vote in primaries don't view the lives of our community, or the Planned Parenthood community, as having value.
The same people who trying to hide their glee over what happened on Friday are the same people who voted against HERO in Houston, and who misgender and dead name us on a daily basis.

The damage that the rhetoric being thrown about in this primary season causes, isn't a side effect, *it is the intended effect.*
Yep. They obviously identify as a woman in a hairy man's body with a big bushy beard like that.
As we have seen all too often lately in Right Wing political circles, if you repeat it enough, it becomes true.  Indoctrination works that way.
Again, being a Republican is not only never having to say you're sorry but also blaming the victim
Wow this is really stupid how could he think he could say this with no consequence? He was wrong. Man, i gotta be honest. Ted Cruz is one of the scummiest politicians there is.
As a fellow transgender leftist activist, I have a message to the shooter: Girl, that beard has to go!!!! 
But according to conservative rhetoric, PP is like the leftiest leftist organization that could possibly exist. So why would a leftist activist attack a Planned Parenthood? It'd be like Ted Cruz shooting up one of the Koch mansions. 

Fuck, why am I even trying to figure this out. I could be spending this time and effort looking at pictures of puppies instead. 
I fucking threw my phone.  I'm getting fed up.  

Maybe we do need leftist activists to stem the tide of the American Taliban. 
I don't mean to take away from the main discussion here, but I don't particularly like the conflation of Christians and Conservatives. I'm a Christian and fall hard left.
R/conservative blocked me cause I disagreed with them they are worse than I thought. Children with power.
Yes,[ transexual.](https://i.imgur.com/GcXj7vF.jpg)
And with that, Ted Cruz became a more insane religious zealot than Mike Huckabee.  Wowzers.
I am A.            
I don't like B.            
Person did something I don't like.             
Person is B.
This concludes the matter: Ted Cruz is a lying sack of scum.
Ted Cruz sounds like he frequents /pol/ sometimes.
The Cruz campaign is engaging in tabloid politics. 

See the plot of *Anchorman 2: The Legend Continues.*
Good thing he didn't describe him accurately:  

[Mr. Dear was raised in the Baptist church, Ms. Ross \(ex-wife\) said. He was religious but not a regular churchgoer, not one to harp on his faith. “He believed wholeheartedly in the Bible. That’s what he always said, he read it cover to cover to cover,” she said.](http://www.nytimes.com/2015/11/29/us/ex-wife-recalls-colorado-gunman-as-imperfect-but-a-good-man.html?_r=0)
The most punchable face of all time...
Great now the rights transphobic hate speech is gonna cause hate crimes against trans people. When will it end
Where do they get their information for this?  I know they posted a link to the Colorado Voters Info page.  But it's a broken link.  And when I went to the home page and tried searching the records myself, I found no record of this guy.
This would be better suited to /r/rage 
Who lives in a van DOWN BY THE RIVER! 
It's an article of faith among Tea Party dumbfucks that all mass shooters are registered Democrats. Facts don't matter when you *believe.*
Ted Cruz is a transgendered leftist activist - on an undercover mission.
I am getting so fucking sick of these people. And their fucking bullshit lies and goddammit I'm tired of them.
That's so fucking totally outrageous. I've always hated Ted Cruz. 
I love how quickly the cowardly scum scramble to hide from their own rhetoric when it leads to its inevitable conclusion. Preach enough hate and eventually someone will be willing to kill over it.

People like Cruz didn't pull the trigger but they did everything they could to breed the hatred that gave the gunman the justification he needed to follow through. You can't spend years actively demonizing something and then wash your hands of responsibility when someone acts on the very hatred you preach.

Anyone who can mentally separate the spiteful, hate-filled misinformation that the GOP nominees and their supporters have been spewing about Planned Parenthood from this shooting is a liar and a coward. If they had any spine at all they'd own the outcomes that they actively contributed to and at-least try to express some kind of contrition for their role in prompting this unstable individual to carry out this act.
https://i.imgur.com/EV9Gzdk.gif

http://i.imgur.com/AXVCtp3.gif
i really have no idea why the shooters gender is such a factor in all this. the shooters viewpoints are what matter, not his gender.
Even if this man was transgendered, which he is not, why does it matter? Would it be relevant for Ted Cruz to call this man a Gay Leftist Activist if he knew he was gay? why is this information relevant?
And this after the alleged shooter's ex-wife described him as a religious conservative.

source: http://www.postandcourier.com/article/20151128/PC1603/151129356
What kind of person do you have to be to support Ted Cruz?  Do you ever think about that?  This guy has people who support him.  Are they mentally defective?  Blinded by a single issue?  Motivated by some thoughtless emotion?  Until we figure out what is wrong with these people, we're just going to get an endless procession of such clowns.
It's honestly to the point that I'm completely certain all republicans are just trolls 
It doesn't matter if he stands left or right, it's the GOP that's been pushing the message that Planned Parenthood is absolutely evil. When you call it the foundation of infanticide some nut is going to get it into his stupid head that he has to do something about it. Ted Cruz himself continues to perpetuate the myth that Planned Parenthood sells baby parts; the very same term the gunman himself was quoted as saying.

https://www.tedcruz.org/l/defund-planned-parenthood/

&gt; "The news **Planned Parenthood** is possibly **selling the body parts of the babies it has aborted** is sickening. 
 
&gt; Congress should renew efforts to fully **defund Planned Parenthood** to ensure its morally bankrupt business receives not one penny of taxpayer money. 
 
&gt; Join the fight if you proudly **stand on the side of life** and remain committed to fighting for all innocent life to be valued and protected under the laws of this nation."

That's his website. Here's another campaign video where he continues to push the myth that Planned Parenthood harvests organs from unborn children.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IY4y3y_2LOg

&gt; "So how did America become a country that harvests organs from unborn children?" 

And another interview calling Planned Parenthood evil

http://insider.foxnews.com/2015/07/15/ted-cruz-megyn-kelly-planned-parenthood-video-highlights-evil-what-theyre-doing

&gt; "These tapings of Planned Parenthood selling body parts are grotesque," Cruz said. "It highlights the evil of what they're doing."

I'm just going to stop with these three because fuck me there's a lot. The point, and the tl;dr of it, is when you create a toxic environment you enable these nuts and they'll use that same rhetoric to justify their attacks. No one is saying you can't be pro-life, but Jesus Christ tone it down.
We have one candidate repeating that he saw thousands on the street celebrating 9-11 in New Jersey.  Even though there exist no video footage of it and only his supporters say they saw it.  Now we have one candidate who fails to believe someone of faith will commit a act of terrorism.  This is Middle East crazy where some polls show support for Al Queda and IS in some countries.  Ether because some people think killing the innocent is justifiable for the right reason or people in their religion are not capable of carrying out terrorist acts
Alright, so people who are conservative in terms of government but not theocratic a-holes like the GOP, can y'all go form a new party please?  I'm really far-left, personally, but I'd much rather have to deal with people who have legitimate concerns over the inexact science of government than people who think Jesus should be president.  At least we can talk to each other without invoking the Bible, if not actually meet each other in the middle.
Ted Cruz is a Christianist terrorist terrorizing America with lies.
I guess Donald Trump is not the only drunk at the end of the bar shooting off his mouth. 
The Cruz missile has gone way off target and has blown up over sea.
I actually see this as a positive development. Until now, I thought Cruz had a shot at beating Hillary.
Ted Cruz.. perfect example of why we should wash produce.
I agree that it is disingenuous to equate this dude with the entirety of the pro-life movement, but it is equally cowardly and stupid to pretend that wasn't why he did it. It's kind of like how so many liberals seem to shy away from the term "Islamic terrorism." 

The Paris attacks were Islamic terrorism. This was Christian terrorism. It's okay to say, "Yes, this nut bastardized my beliefs." Let's start addressing the "terrorism" part and not get distracted by the "Islamic" or "Christian" parts. 
Clearly, this is intentional misrepresentation.  
Cuz those left activists sure love their guns and hate their planned parenthoods
Anyone supporting these maniacs no longer has a credible voice...not that they ever much did. 
This guy looks and sounds like a snake. I feel like he is perfectly cast in appearance and manipulative smarmy dialect as the devil on earth trying to squirm his way into power with the intent of destroying humanity. All under the guise of faithful Christian moral leader. 
Leave it to Cruz to start the dirty work of making sure this guy isn't identified IN ANY WAY as a conservative or an abortion foe, both of which he most clearly is.

Since before the shooting was even resolved on Friday, conservatives have been clinging to any little thing they can in an attempt to suggest that it had little to do with the issue of abortion.

What we have here is a conservative anti-abortion terrorist.
Pro life, conservative Christian terrorism, all classic tenets of a left-wing ideology.  
The lies have to end. [I spent all weekend writing and editing this video.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t4A8L1sTigw)

Now I'm just trying to get it out there.
typical left wing tactic indeed!  to try to hold poor innocent right wingers responsible for what they've been chanting like a religious verse.  "planned parenthood is evil!  planned parenthood is evil!  planned parenthood is evil!  oh wait, uh.....someone just shot up a planned parenthood while repeating our talking points?  totally not our fault!"  
As a former Marxist I don't like a lot of what Republicans have to say. I know that might sound surprising to some of you, but I'm not gonna pull the punches anymore.
GOP aka the Ango-Saxon ISIS
So I have an intelligent response to this but seeing as he's neither intelligent nor deserving of a sensible argument I'll just say: fuck you, you dumb fucking douchebag.
Umm wtf is a leftist
Why can't a GOP candidate be strong and come out saying just because they disagree with certain ideologies , they don't condone murder?
I am genuinely fearful of the far right doublespeak and brazen propaganda at present. We are headed toward a fascist future.
I don't understand why a lot of Conservative politicians seem to think that Conservatives literally can't do anything wrong. Why can't he just say "well shit, what a tragedy." A few people are holding the Conservative rhetoric ultimately responsible but it's not as if he HAS to pin the blame on liberals or else. Fucking baffling. 
The Onion has gone too far on this one. This just isn't believable...
Are you guys serious?

&gt; When a reporter told Cruz that the suspect in the Colorado Springs killings is alleged to have mentioned "baby parts" after his arrest, the Texas senator responded, "Well, it's also been reported that he was registered as an independent and a woman and transgendered leftist activist, if that's what he is."

&gt; "I would call it a murder, and we'll see what the facts are," Cruz said. "It was a multiple murder of what appears to be a deranged individual."

&gt; Patrick Svitek

&gt; .@tedcruz's apparent basis for this claim, at least part of it: "We know that he was a man registered to vote as a woman."

When did Cruz say that? Seems like the reporter said that, not Cruz. He just said we'll see what the facts are. The baby parts thing hasn't been confirmed that I've seen, nor has the voter registration thing.
May Mr. Cruz be so blessed to know the true grace of a gentle spring day, a Sunday in May, surrounded by his loving family on the steps of his church, with a gun to his face.  Then may he know that the true God, who loves all equally, calls that day for him. Just as when He called those who went before, may Mr. Cruz receive, in body and soul, the one truth: He is but a blink away from God's doorstep. *click*

[The Assassination of George Tiller by the Coward] (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Assassination_of_George_Tiller)

[After Tiller](http://www.rogerebert.com/reviews/after-tiller-2013) on Netflix.

May we all bless and pray for Mr. Cruz's wife and daughters who cannot know that within their partner and parent the greatest weakness dwells, a hate that breaks the earthly spirit so completely that God will call His soul home. Protect them and keep them free from this, the evil in their midst. Amen.

Of course he's a transgender.....the neckbeard is a dead giveaway.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but didn't the whole "leftist/transgender" aspect come from trollish comments here on Reddit whilst the shooting was going on? 
And will double down on the lie when confronted with evidence to the contrary.
Ted Cruz continues to be the nutty piece of shit we all knew him to be.
Thanks, Think Progress!  Here's the full quote for context:

&gt;When a reporter reminded Cruz it has been reported Dear made a comment about "baby parts" while being apprehended, Cruz retorted, "It’s also been reported that he was registered as an independent and a woman and a transgendered leftist activist. If that’s what he is, I don’t think it’s fair to blame on the rhetoric on the left. This is a murderer.”

He wasn't saying the shooter was a leftist.  He was making a rhetorical point about initial reports being claimed as fact.  Whatever, though.  You have to twist what you can to paint Republicans in a bad light, right?
&gt;When a reporter reminded Cruz it has been reported Dear made a comment about "baby parts" while being apprehended, Cruz retorted, "It’s also been reported that he was registered as an independent and a woman and a transgendered leftist activist. If that’s what he is, I don’t think it’s fair to blame on the rhetoric on the left. This is a murderer.”

Over and over this sub posts articles which misquote republicans.  To the point that you all think that Ted Cruz thinks that this persons is a transgendered leftist activist.  You can read the headline and think that it makes sense and jump right in on why Ted Cruz is terrible.

What does this have to do with politics?  The meat of this article is about how this guy is not transgender, and not a leftist.  But no one ever said he was.  It's a completely useless article.
This is beyond fucking bizarre. The mental gymnastics to explain shit away. To thine self be true, Mr. Cruz must really hate himself to knowingly be such a false pandering liar.
If you actually listen to the voice clip, he said that phrase to make the point that using such political labels is wrong, as he's also described as pro-life. The point is that he's a murderer, and that should get focus on stopping violent crime.

And then of course reddit attacks him for politicizing things, even though his statement had the exact opposite point.
Very disappointed by the lack of inquiry displayed in this thread. It appears most didn't read the past headline, and of those who did it doesn't appear that many read the hyperlinked articles, or any other articles apart from thinkprogress (who are unabashedly left wing). Here is the direct quote taken from the Texas Tribune article that is hyperlinked in the thinkprogress article:

&gt; When a reporter reminded Cruz it has been reported Dear made a comment about "baby parts" while being apprehended, Cruz retorted, "It’s also been reported that he was registered as an independent and a woman and a transgendered leftist activist. If that’s what he is, I don’t think it’s fair to blame on the rhetoric on the left. This is a murderer.”

So Cruz's point was that there have been mixed reports about his motive and even if we knew his motive is wouldn't be fair to blame this attack on either the right or the left. He quite plainly says that **if** he was a transgendered leftist it wouldn't be fair to blame his actions on left-wing rhetoric. 

I think it's a fair point and a good one. The left wants to blame this on pro-life rhetoric and the Planned Parenthood videos, as if to suggest it's dangerous to talk about the anti-abortion position because it could motivate some to commit violence. They want pro-lifers to shut up. Just like when that nut shot Gabrielle Giffords the left went straight for right-wing rhetoric, conservative talk radio, it's dangerous, they should shut up to prevent further violence. 

In any case, Cruz did not directly accuse the shooter of being a 'transgendered leftist activist'. That's a misleading headline. He was making a point that regardless of the motive his actions should not be blamed on rhetoric from the right or left.
ted cruz describes should be a meme. hey look he's describing water as homosexual. hey now its air is communist. does anyone actually follow this guy? looks like a cult leader not a politician. 
What a clown. I hoped he would shut up already but he just continues to spew vitriolic garbage. Unbelievable.
Gop scum. They are terrorists. They kill. They are worthless pathetic scum
Do you think he understands that he personifies all that is wrong with humanity or is he oblivious to that as well.
The title is incorrect. Here is the text
 
&gt; When a reporter asked him at an Iowa campaign stop Sunday evening about suspect Robert Lewis Dear saying he was motivated by “no more baby parts,” Cruz countered that **he’s also been reported to be** a “transgendered [sic] leftist activist.”

See the distinction? For example the "no more baby parts" quote came from an "anonymous source" 

&gt;But one senior law enforcement official, who would speak only anonymously about an ongoing investigation, said that after Mr. Dear was arrested, he had said “no more baby parts” in a rambling interview with the authorities.

http://www.nytimes.com/2015/11/29/us/robert-dear-suspect-in-colorado-killings-preferred-to-be-left-alone.html?_r=0

Let's at least wait until we get an official statement on the record regarding this quote. 

You're shitting me...
Tooà bad that cunt Ted Cruz wasn't waiting for a D &amp; C when the shooter did his thing.

He is beneath contempt, and a very, very dangerous man.
This is funny and all, but this man wants to be President and he is already a senator.

As a country we have to start paying attention or we are all going to be royally fucked.
I will do shit to Ted Cruz that I can't say because of the NSA.
When all else fails, Lie.  These people will do anything.
ELI5: How is this guy not in jail for saying this?
Fuck Ted Cruz and the idiots who agree with him
Trump 2016!
Saw the headline. Assumed it was from /nottheonion ....
I can't even believe the hypocrisy of this entire situation. A Christian man goes into PP shoots it up, and oh it was just a mentally ill individual. But radical terrorists do something, and the same group of people pretty much call all Muslims terrorists, and want to keep helpless refugees out of our country. Oh but wait, when it comes to making it so people on the terror watch list can't buy a weapon. That's going to far. The GOP are the biggest group of hypocrits!!
I heard Ted Cruz identifies as Canadian.
How are the Republicans ever going to win any election anymore with the amount of reputation damage these guys keep doing? Apart from gerrymandering and voting restrictions?
Reason #42133 that Ted Cruz will never, ever be president
American jihadists. Ted Cruz is like one of those radical Imams you see in pictures with their finger pointed up.
He probably heard it from his dad
And once again Cruz opens his mouth and a torrent of stupid pours out.
Ted Cruz is the sum of all that is wrong with the Republican party.
F*ck Ted Cruz. No matter what, people TURN OUT AND VOTE so this asshat doesn't become our next pres.

Also, f*ck double standards. [Two side-by-side screenshots from CNN.com's comment section](http://images.dailykos.com/images/181895/story_image/image.jpeg?1448877356)
Cruz *never* claimed that the shooter was transgender. He said, “It’s also been reported that he was registered as an independent and a woman and transgendered leftist activist, **if that’s what he is**.”

“I would call it a murder,” he said. “It was a multiple murder of what appears to be a deranged individual. And it was horrific, it was evil and we will find out more about the facts, but **I don’t think we should jump to conclusions**.”

edit: Wow, I'm kinda surprised at all the downvotes on this; Ted Cruz may suck, but it's unfair to say that he's being manipulative with the truth here. He's not describing the shooter as a transgender leftist activist, his statement was exactly the opposite. He's saying we shouldn't jump to conclusions...
As much as I hate to defend Cruz, that's _not_ what he said.

He was bringing up that _people have reported_ that Dear is a transgendered leftist activist. Cruz's point was that right now we don't actually know anything and we shouldn't jump to conclusions about who he is.
Such complex scientific terminology from such a simple christian country boy.
Incite violence and then deny responsibility. SOP for the GOP
I guess if one of the chief spokespersons of the GOP describes the party as leftist and transgendered, then it must be so.  

/s 
Ted Cruz looks like a closet case if I've ever seen one.
When I said this was going to be the rhetoric last night on /r/news people thought I was joking.
You hear that? It's the sound of a party reaping what it has sown.  
Also former Republican here, something..something.. what everyone else is saying.
All three leading conservatives are delusional.  Trump, Carson, Cruz.  Look out world.
&amp;#3232;_&amp;#3232;
why are people still using the word "alleged"?  we KNOW he did it.  it's not like he's some guy they hauled in after a manhunt who matched a description given by witnesses.  

this is annoying as hell.
This is how Ted Cruz orders the killing of leftists and transgenders: Lie through your teeth about people until someone starts shooting. It worked for Carly Fiorina.
This utterly infuriates me. Fuck this guy and fuck this anti-transgender school of thought.
Republicans are ALWAYS the victims. War on Christmas, Obama taking guns,  Sharia Law, killing babies, can't discriminate on gays...etc. for a party who likes going to war so much, fuck are they cry babies.
Pathetic.
Ted Cruz, the most embarrassing Canadian export ever! 
Every time I think there can't be a crazier statement during these primaries, someone finds a way to show me wrong. 

I wonder how this went over at the campaign.

"So Ted. Just go out and tell them how the media is wrong by claiming it's conservative values that caused this. He doesn't identify as a Republican, so we got that going for us."

"Got it. Not our fault."

On stage: "The media should stop blaming the conservatives. This shooter was a transgendered leftist activist." 

Backstage:
"Wtf?!?!" 
Give Ted a break, he's Canadian.
Does anyone hear a shrill whistling type noise when Ted Cruz speaks? 
Is this not the craziest US presidential election ever? I don't remember having such ridiculous candidates in my life time. I'm feeling the Bern though.
I'm still waiting for Ted Cruz to come out as transgender. It will happen eventually. 
https://i.imgur.com/6OTOg.jpg
This can't be real? Where's the onion source please?
If Ted Cruz can just fuck off and become irrelevant then I would be very happy. 
Tragedy isn't a fucking game for you people running for president to use to make you look good. Fuck you Ted Cruz. 
And this is why no one takes him seriously. He's a fucking dummy.
Pandering at it's finest. They'll let anyone into Princeton and Harvard it seems.
Is this real life?
/r/ShitPoliticiansSay
This is not a conservative spouting conservative views. This is a neoconservative attempting to villianize a specific minority group in order to corral those who want a "black or white" enemy to fight.   

If you were a republican in the past that held conservative views about how the country should be run, you don't have any candidates to vote for. Sadly it seems conservatism in this country is dead, and the neoconservative view is the only one that is acceptable. 
Maybe we do need leftist activists to stem the tide of the D now and then popped.
I honestly don't know whether this is funny or sad. I am pleading with anyone who reads this comment, how could you possibly vote for a man who labels a person who shoots up a planned parenthood as a leftist activist? In what possible universe does that make sense?????? ??????????????????
I sense a bit of psychological projection going on here.
I believe the only appropriate response to this is "lol wut".
They're perfectly happy to have more money/connections.
I always thought it was stupid for them to teach ethics in public speaking class. I feel like things like this are exactly why they do and feel like any public figure should take continuing education classes on matters like this....
Ted Cruz is American but born in Canada right. Are people born outside the US allowed to be president? Has it happened before?
This happens every crisis and it's stupid every crisis.

Something bad happened, I know, I'll associate my enemies, people who oppose me, etc., with it, even though they had nothing to do with it.

Just no.

That(those) conservative cocksucker(s) just double and triple down on making it someone else's fault other than their own. Ted Cruz is such a snivelling scumfuck greaseball politician.
Maybe we do need leftist activists to stem the tide of the Democrats of being a transgendered leftist activist? soooo hot!
Suggesting that this guy sat around in his trailering drinking natty ice, and watching fox news, is more reasonable than saying he was part of the LGBT community.
Then believe it.  I schmooze with the Cruz. 
I'm really excited to see if any of the other candidates bite on this, and then watch their poll numbers bump a little bit.

Reagan's deal with the devil is taking its toll on the GOP, and I couldn't be happier. 
So Ted Cruz must be one of the trolls on Reddit going around posting ad nauseam that his voter registration is listed as female and unaffiliated, so therefore he must be a leftist transgender 
I'm subbed to r/nottheonion and r/politics. I'm getting them mixed up more and more. 
LEFTIST!  The guy attacked an abortion clinic and this asshole is calling him a LESTIST!
This would be comical if the implications of having someone who is either so clueless, self-deluding or disingenuous and duplicitous in high office weren't so grave.  
The Republican Party literally stopped even listening to him a months ago. I don't know why the media still has a boner for him. 
How is it leftist?
man... I'm sorry America but your republican party is as much of a joke as our BNP right wing sort of parties 





I'm sorry you've turned into a bit of a dictatorship 
Were they actually transgender or is he pulling that out of his ass?
Yes! Thank you for this shitstorm. I will enjoy it.
The much better and less transparently cowardly way to address this would be to just lay down the facts. "Yes, he claims to be pro-life. Yes, evidence shows he has some semblance of Christian belief." Even if not mentioning those first two, just skip the blatant untruths and say "No, his actions do not represent Christian nor conservative ideals."

This said, yes, I realize facts have not been Cruz' forte. Nor the GOP's in general.
So if I understand correctly, violent rhetoric about abortion won't cause people to shoot abortion clinics / doctors, (which has actually be happening for decades).  But allowing trans women to pee in the ladies room (has also been happening for decades) will absolutely lead to rape and molestation (not one single case).

Shit republicans say.  
Talk about reaching.
I seriously want to eradicate all of these idiotic people. 
I think we need to deport all republicans since they don't condone his actions yet clearly support them. Just like those Muslims, ya they can cry about not condoning ISIS all they want but we know what they are really about.
Ted Cruz can go fuck himself. Simple as that.
All Canadian jokes aside...*fucking Canadians!*
I love this guy
some times you have to think if the fear of the crazy and extreme not feeling represented but marginalized, and lash out in anger and hate and violence, makes people take one for the team or one for the money, and represent their craziness even though they really know better.
Wtf?!
It's interesting that suddenly the more common term used by pro lifers to describe people who are against abortions seems to be 'anti choice'.

Could it be that 'pro life' throws up a painful irony that they would rather not draw people's attention to?


Can we deport him back to Canada?
That explains why that jackass was quoting right wing drivel.
Misleading as fuck! Rafael Cruz (I like to use his real name) was making a facetious commentary that you shouldn't believe something just because "it's been reported". You've made your judgement based on second hand information as it was presented to you without looking into the original intent. Still, fuck Rafael Cruz, but not because of sarcasm.
So a leftish transgender activist shot up a planned parent hood center?

If you replace planned parent hood with WBC Church then sure I'll believe ya. But really?
This guy seems to have all the typical far right verge of insane buzz words mastered. I feel like Ted Cruz isn't even a real person. Makes me cringe when a co worker or friend mentions him as their guy. 
This is one of the snarkiest threads on /r/politics I've seen in a while. I love it.
He said this in context of campaign contributions.

&gt; “This is a party that rejects science and refuses to understand that climate change is real,” he said of GOP during the annual Blue Jamboree in North Charleston, S.C.

&gt;“I understand if you stand up to the Koch brothers and the fossil fuel industry, that you’ll lose your campaign contributions,” the 2016 Democratic presidential candidate added.

&gt;“[Climate change] is already causing devastating problems all over this world. To hell with the fossil fuel industry. Worry more about your children and your grandchildren than your campaign contributions.”

I'm sure it'll be used in all kinds of contexts, though. And, to be honest, is he wrong? I don't think so. Fuck the fossil fuel industry. Help those working in it to transition out and get us ahead of the global renewable energy market.
No, Bernie... we're trying to burn *less* of them.
I work in the fossil fuel industry, and I agree with to hell with the fossil fuel industry lobbying in particular. I would say working in that industry are good, hard working people and shouldn't be vilified. Fossil fuels enables many great things in our society. But the companies also shouldn't be lobbying against progress towards renewables or addressing environmental damage. Unfortunately most people working in the industry have no control over that.
The Ancient Greeks ascribed dominion of the skies to Zeus, the seas to Poseidon, and the underworld to Hades.

Fossil fuels would presumably fall under his jurisdiction. 

There is also an aphorism in Classical Greek that things are very cheap in hell.
I'd tend to believe Sanders was serious if he supported nuclear power. (Which provides almost 2/3rds of the carbon free electricity in the US.)  

But he doesn't.  
This is exactly why Bernie will never pick up the moderates.  A lot of people reading this immediately begin thinking, "Um, I don't want to pay $10/gallon for my gasoline."
I am happy to say goodbye to fossil fuel, but there better be a damn good replacement. None of this pitiful bloated prius shit. I want Tesla and better performance across the board.
Username checks out
I'm finding it hilarious that progressives get attacked as conservative nationalists when we are against the TPP. But when we are against the fossil fuel industry and climate change suddenly everyone suddenly becomes economists and yell WHAT ABOUT OUR JOBS.
Most policy suggestions will result in new jobs created and other jobs lost. To say that it's impossible to move past fossil fuels which may have already irreparably destroyed our planet and started many ecological positive feedback loops is incredibly short-sighted. 

Are we similarly bound to never reduce our defense budget which is greater than the budgets of the next 7 countries combined because jobs will be lost? Do we have to support mandated corn ethanol in our fuel and every other special interest because there are jobs associated with those interests? 

I'd rather consider the larger picture, if we're going to have a world that is habitable in 100 years, how we can join the rest of the world in providing essential services to its population (such as healthcare) and be in a position where we can commit internationally to binding obligations that would reduce our co2. Does that mean I'm insensitive to the pharmaceutical industry because I want the government in a position to negotiate drug prices? Or that I'm cruel towards those who work for insurance companies? What about lobbyists, aren't they people too? 

If you walk around breaking shop windows you'll artificially create demand for a type of work. But the resources that go into fixing those windows could be allocated to other places. I'd much rather be paying for teachers, police, and essential services than creating an unnecessary demand for fossil fuels which do not indicate their real cost up-front: the cost of living with them in the atmosphere, repairing the planet in the future, and medical expenses from their exposure. 
I think we all know that fossil fuels are a terminal road, however simple economics says if you are a leader in fossil fuel production, you don't abandon the industry until you have to. Is it bad for the environment? Of course...but tell me again what renewable energy has proven to take its spot. I'm all for heavy research to discover tech which will lead us away from gas, however we can't just say go screw the industry.
25% of CO2 emissions are caused by electricity and heat production ( coal energy ).

There'd a be larger impact of we went nuclear for energy instead of demonizing gas . Pushing for nuclear would do much for lowerin CO2 emissions . 

Let the down votes come , my body is ready . 
Excuse me SENATOR Sanders, but until the technology is up to par, we need fossil fuels. 
Sanders should ride a horse and buggy  or a tesla entirely powered by solar panels to his speeches
Another easy attack ad soundbite for the Republicans. No offense Bernie or Bernie supporters, but toning down the anti-industry rhetoric would help a lot. Stuff like this is not going to play well in a general election. 

Edit: Yep, keep the downvotes flowing. Alienating hundreds of thousands of people who work in or with the fossil fuel industries is stupid politics, even when Lord Bernie does it. Lowering my fake Internet point count will not change that. 

Edit: yeah I look like a tool now with that edit but I was at -3 at the time of my first edit
All of the American oil/gas well completions jobs have vanished in the wake of OPEC's decision to push production driving the price to $40/barrel.

What jobs are we still protecting now? Refining? They can be retrained to maintain wind/solar/energy storage. HazMat Truckers? They're plenty of other things they can transport. There will be never be an easier time to transition the workforce than now. The bulk of jobs are already gone anyway, lets do this quickly before it OPEC decides to slow down and more inconsistent jobs are created. Seriously, there's waves of oil booms and busts every decade or so, who the hell needs that kind of job security?

Unemployment in the sector back in 2009 was 16%. 2011 it's bouncing around 6%. 2014, closer to 3%. And today it's at 11%. A job that is created and lost in the span of 4 years is not a good job. We can do better.

Renewable energy requires consistent, year round attention. These jobs will never go away.

It's time to have a comprehensive strategy to stop using fossil fuels. Help manufacturers transition to renewables as they account for 85% of grid electrical consumption. Offer them rebates to adopt this technology. Create a publicly funded, jobs training program for solar/wind farm technical jobs to ease worker transition to the sector. And for the life of me, pass a fucking carbon tax already to encourage stragglers.

Or you know, we can stay reliant on oil and dependent on the whims of barbarians *coughSaudiArabiacough* who fund our enemies (9/11 attackers, alQueda, ISIS, ect) and impose harsh, archaic laws on it's citizens with a disgusting record on human rights.
The best way to switch to renewable energy is through public funding of renewable energy R&amp;D. This is already happening, and renewable energy is already becoming more popular in the US.

What needs to happen is renewables have to become less expensive than fossil fuels as to make them more popular. Trying to raise gas prices through ending subsidies, while noble, can backfire if prices become too expensive.
This has to be one of the weirdest positions...

Ok, fuck the fossil fuel industry.

But then what will we do with all the cars people have, the fact that like 99% of everything runs on it, and is the largest conversion of trade...? The planet is already fucked, suddenly turning off the taps now won't save it and it will just hurt everyone who already uses the oil.
The harm the oil industry does to the planet pales in comparison to the agricultural livestock industry, which is responsible for 91% of the rainforest deletion and produce over 60% of the world's nitrous oxide which is nearly 300 times more hazourdous to the world's ozone.
Anyone who is against the fossil fuel industry go ahead and throw out your phones, computers, Tupperware, televisions, kayaks, etc they're all fossil fuel products.
Yea! Fuck the industry that makes everything work!
The list of people that will not be voting for sanders grows even more - anyone working in fossil fuels, the banking industry, wall street, the 40 somethings who pay the majority of the taxes, the medical insurance industry. He's burning it down to the 20 somethings who have huge numbers, but turn up in record low numbers to vote. He has some good ideas, but he's playing his hand too strong. 
Wheatever the context, he will now lose even more blue color support in some of the key states. Seems like he is trying hard to reduce his poll numbers. He is already 25 points behind Hillary and dropping.
How the hell does he plan to meet energy demand then? You can't just uproot all of those energy sources and replace them with no problem. That's a ginormous change in infrastructure and he doesn't touch on that at all. 
You want to destroy terrorism? The US needs to lead the charge on alternatives and renewables. If we can get the tech and energy costs lower than fossil fuels, we become the largest exporters, benefiting the economy and the planet and destroying terrorism's main source of income.
How was your flight, Bernie?
startin to love this guy
I'd rather listen to somebody who provides solutions rather than spewing disparaging rhetoric. 
Jeez Bernie, chill.
To hell with Sanders. 
FTFY
sanders is a joke 
fuck yeah! as a European im not very educated on american politics, but from what it seems this guy seems pretty focused on equality and making a positive impact worldwide. What a guy!
Classic case of people taking a single line out of context. He's talking about the fossil fuel industry having the GOP by the balls -- to hell with *that*.

It's about time we have a mainstream politician upping the rhetoric against widespread corruption.

If this is how half the people on Reddit respond to this comment out of context, I can't wait to see how the pundits on CNN and Fox News will spin it.
As someone who's career is dependent on this industry I love and hate this notion. Still gonna vote for Bernie though, too much else is at stake.
This is why I'm voting for Bernie Sanders!
YEAH BERNIE!! Lemme just go throw away all my gas powered cars and go replace them with electric cars. Oh look now i'm in soul-crushing debt. #feelthebern
I guess next Hillary will come out in support of fossil fuels and the hillbots will say "she's always supported fossil fuels and this is a liberal position".
Day by day, Sanders is exposing himself as the crazy senile old man that he is.
Good to know that Bernie wants to get rid of thousands of the few decent paying jobs in my area.  Surely, that will have no serious economic repercussions for an area that was already hard hit by the recession.
You've got whole cities, their suburbs, and region entirely dependent on automotive transit for people to get around.

Its not hard to figure out what to do. Public transportation.
How about good old cranky Bernie show a little love for fossil fuels,  It is THE FUCKING REASON we are an advanced society. 
Does  then bernie travel by steam,sail,bicycle,or some other form of non-fossil fuel energy source?
Says the man the flies all the time and consumes more than 99 percent of America. 
America, nor the western world would be as advanced as we are if it wasn't for the fossil fuel industry. 
For national security reasons, fossil fuel subsidies will never go and nor should they. You are incredibly short sighted if you think ending all fossil fuel subsidies is a good idea. Then you end up like 1942 Japan and screwed when the bullets start flying.

If you can accurately describe what a subsidy is and what it is used for, you are smarter than 95% of r/politics posters. 
And how is Bernie traveling around the country campaigning...? Yep. Fossil fuels.  
How is this guy nearly the nominee?
Truck industry is the number 1 seller. 
with the thumbnail and just his last name for some reason my brain thought, "colonel sanders? what's KFCs aim here??"
I'm a huge supporter of Bernie Sanders and everything, but if he says stuff like this it's going to be hard to get him elected. Fossil Fuels might be the next big evil, but I don't care how Saintly you are. You can't start a war on big oil and run as a socialist at the same time. He'll get eaten alive by anyone who's even *slightly* right leaning. 
[Indeed](http://imgur.com/CRIcP)
Drive through Pennsylvania some time. See if the people there want to end fossil fuels. If we want real change, we have to do a lot to move these people who have been brainwashed to be live that coal and oil are the true path. Hell some schools get huge donations from mining companies and oil. They have class projects about how great it is. 
Remember if you are using gasoline powered vehicles you are supporting terrorism.
Is it me or is the fossil fuel industry the very thing that's making the whole unending war economy over in the middle east even possible? That shouldn't be sustainable on its own - all their farms and factories schools and hospitals and everything they need to keep a society running are blown up, but we're sending in tons of money to fund them. So they can just keep fighting instead of taking a break and focusing on rebuilding. They're not using arab-built weapons, they're buying them from the rest of the world with money we give them.

Want to stop ISIS, bring peace to the middle east? Stop funding their wars. At the very least, stop driving that SUV.
Leddit guy strikes again XDDDDDD
*Sanders Farts* "This is all the energy you need, wannabe-socialist-gas! YAAY! I saved the world!" 
I'm sorry, but stop demeaning an industry that has done great benefit for our country and world and that most every american still relies on.  
40% of extracted petroleum is used for fuel.  
  
That means the *OTHER* 60% is for non-fuel usage.  
Can't throw the entire oil industry out the window, no matter what Sanders says  
Then don't use anything made by man. 
Conspiracy Netflix it will change ur life. Real problem is cattle and agricbusiness.
Renewable energies are grossly unsuitable for the needs and infrastructure of our society (esp in the US), which is fundamentally contingent upon economic growth to sustain itself. Even of the technology was ready to fully replace all fossil fuels with renewables, the added costs would cascade through the economy, resulting in severe recessions, massive unemployment, major decreases in standard of living, etc. 

At that point the electorate would be up in arms and change their tune about the benefits of a blanket clean energy plan. At the end of the day people take the path of least resistance: what's cheap and gets the job done. That is and will continue to be hydrocarbons for many years to come barring MAJOR technological breakthroughs that are far from assured.
So, back from whence they came. 
Okay, so we are demonizing the fossil fuel industry, but don't forget that the availability of cheap energy has given the western world its current standard of living. The technology to use wind and solar efficiently wasn't there.
I dno't care about fossil fuel companies because the moment you make oil unprofitable they suddenly become the leading company in renewable energy. 

You can't eliminate oil companies because they're also renewable energy companies
Please please please get elected!


....please please please don't get assassinated. 
Amory Lovins has it all figured out, watch [his TED talk](http://www.ted.com/talks/amory_lovins_on_winning_the_oil_endgame)

I know it is frowned upon to talk about Bernie's cabinet, but this guy needs to be in charge of President Sanders' energy plan.
It could be useful for fertilizers and such.
Who wants to go to a meeting in Chicago?
The Hill TAKE A DRINK

/u/CANT_TRUST_HILLARY TAKE A DRINK
Careful now... the past like... 574 U.S. presidential candidates have claimed to want less dependence on fossil fuels.

While I definitely made that number up, it still definitely goes way way back.
Who's going to fuel the planes, then?
He does say a great deal.
Bernie just unleashed a torrent of additional. money against his campaign. 
OH NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO

If anyone needs some Secret Service protection, it's Sanders now and NOT Dr. Ben Carson!!
Lets start with nuclear first. Oh wait...
nan
I would like to see him go 1 day using only things that had absolutely no help from fossel fuels. 
Fossil fuel companies response; "To hell with the turtles!"
I don't get why they can't make an equal amount of money in other ventures. Can someone ELI5 why big corporations are stuck on the fossil fuels?
As an environmentally conscious car enthusiast, I don't know how to think about this one. 
Agreed. I 100 percent agree. I think I'm more frustrated people just say fossil fuels are bad use other stuff without realizing the breadth of their use. 

I'm ignants too
I agree. We have the most abundant source of energy known to man and it's called the Sun. It'll be with us until we're dead and if it's not there in the morning we won't be alive to care. The fossil fuel industry is finite and WILL run out. The Sun wont.
Yea to hell with over a million high paying jobs!
Republics AND clinton love that fossil fuel money. VOTE BERNIE!
Bless his heart.
Holy shit the ignorance in the comments and on this thread.  You all need to stop sucking the giant fat dick of oil companies and start thinking about the future.
[deleted]
To hell with jobs- Just sit on the couch eating pints of Ben and Jerry's watching the View. That'll keep you on the democratic party line!

Fuck this guy.
Oh my god I love this guy. If only 10% of what he says is true there will be real change.
Texans won't like this one
We need to focus on developing renewable energy as a Middle East policy so we can stop being involved in the tyranny of the ruling class in the Middle East.
I love you sanders but tact is not your strong suit....
Senator Mike Lee and Senator Ted Cruz tried to end all subsidies to the energy industry including coal and oil.  Sanders refused to support it though.  All he is doing is paying lip service he doesn't actually care.
Bernie "say what they want to hear" Sanders
plz guys, you have the responsibility as Americans to vote for sanders, the World needs this GODDAMIT!!!
Define irony.  Senile Old Person running for President says to hell with the fossil fuel industry.  All the while selling to young people his ideas for a Northern European style welfare state.   And those Northern European welfare states are funded how?  By state owned oil and natural gas companies.  
startin to love this guy
poor senile Bernie, he seems to forget that oil is used in pretty much everything around you right now. Plastics, rubber, medicines, the carpeting on your floor, lubricants, clothing...pretty much everything uses oil or an oil by product in it's manufacture.


Hypothetically, battery and electricity generating technology are to the point that we no longer require oil for energy needs.

What is the environmentally sound source for polymers/plastics?
Gosh, what a silly thing to say.

Oh well, good thing he's a joke candidate at this point.
Including Natural Gas?  Sanders is nuts.  Winter is approaching and he wants to condemn to hell what the vast majority of Americans heat with.
Fossil fuels (and indirectly the fossil fuel industry) have done more for the well-being of mankind than a compassionate government official could even dream of. 
[deleted]
My berner could not possibly get any harder.
Hope you like wood burning stoves, old man.
Well, that phrase alone will probably ensure he'll lose West Virginia.  No politician survives in this state without 100% support for coal.  Because people, particularly in the southern part of the state, just simply do not ever want to give up the volatile and waning possibility of decent paying jobs.   They cling to the past, disregard that the vast majority of the wealth goes to the top and leaves the state, and refuse to embrace anything other than all coal all the time until none is left.  It's frustrating that so few voters in my state seem to care about anything relating to the future - as the youth hop up and run in every direction looking for places with jobs that are above ground.
We have politicians openly being biased against industries/preferring some over the others.  
 
How do people vote for this guy?
Fuck em, i bet they're setting us back in energy technology development 
Read the context. He is decrying the industry's influence on politics. 
These kind of outbursts are what epitomizes why Bernie Sanders MUSTN'T be the Democratic nominee: He's pitifully naive and prone to amateur mistakes. A lot of people work in the fossil fuel industry, a lot of campaign contributors come from the fossil fuel industry, a lot of people the President needs to work with have friends in the fossil fuel industry (if he said Oil Industry, that would be one thing, but there are a lot of coal and natural gas workers out there). And telling a group of people with that much power and influence to "go to hell," isn't brave, its the amateur hour outburst of someone who does not fully comprehend the limits of power in the office he seeks. That is someone that the Republican nominee (yes, even Donald Trump) could easily outmaneuver in the General Election where the whole country get's to vote, not just members of one party.
I admire the passion. 
They're on a highway to hell.
&gt;Do black lives matter or do all lives matter?

"Black lives matter." - Bernie Sanders 

He lost me there. 
To hell with you too! I, along with thousands, work in power plants. 
[deleted]
Yeah! Take that united steelworkers! 
Thanks Bernie.  Let's fire them all and tow the entire country's energy infrastructure into the sea.   What's another couple million unemployed people, huh?  You're getting paid, aren't you? 

You have no chance of ever being elected again, pal.  Have a nice weekend.
Yeah let's just shut down all of our fossil fuel plants in our country and just use measly solar panels and wind turbines to power our homes. Get ready to see your power bill fucking skyrocket.
[deleted]
Why is it that socialists want to destroy things all the time.

How are they going to soak the rich, if the rich go broke?
"To hell with the fossil fuel industry."

Okay, so what are your proposals to replace it? If it doesn't include nuclear it's all talk.
Plenty of people argued it was economically unfeasible to abolish slavery. The last thing an addict has an abundance of are excuses. 
That's a lot of jobs and that's a lot of taxes Bernie is wishing into the cornfield. Anyone here have a 401 or know someone who does? Guess what's in those portfolios? We need that revenue to pay for the governmental obligations we have. If Sanders gets elected there will be a lot more obligations to pay for. What's more it's not just the fossil fuel industry, it's the petrochemical industry. The same companies produce the ingredients that go into building materials, plastics, fertilizers, clothing and god knows what else. How is Sanders going to replace that money, the jobs, and all the materials that make modern civilization possible? Are you going to say he didn't really say that? He really did. He just made a lot of enemies today. All of them are going to contribute money to anybody and everybody but Sanders.  He's doomed. 
It seems like recently that every time Sanders opens his mouth he just embarrasses himself with buzzwords of outrage rather than cohesive ideas
This man will never get elected.
From Mister "Global Warming Causes Terrorism" himself.
Funny he's flying around the country campaigning. I guess those planes run on fairy dust! Hitler was a socialist...
Well, that was short lived. I guess he can stay in VT. 
And all the Redditors cheered and posted their agreement with Bernie... on the Internet from their computers in a lighted and heated room.
This cracks me up, all the big politicians want to say get rid of this get rid of that. In the end they're going to continue flying their private jets and driving their gas guzzling automobiles.
I work in the industry as a simple process operator, and for the most part the EPA has a very watchful eye on all of the plants/refineries. Many companies are looking for the solution to pollution so to speak, but it's not a simple 'shut off everything off and fire everyone' kind of procedure.
The energy industry has been looking for the new best way to make green energy for a while now, if anything they should be pushing the ExxonMobils of the world to find the solution instead of calling them evil and shutting them down.
Did anyone elses first thought concern the american president movie when he falls in love with the green lobbyist?
[deleted]
One Koch brother to another: Hey, do you still have that hitman's phone number?  Do you think it still works?  Let's give him a call...
WE SUBSIDIZE THEM: https://youtu.be/FW9xomVitaI
That's right, to hell with them, especially since gas prices are at an all time low (at least in Mn)
He is a fossil.
startin to love this guy
That's more like it. I like when Bernie has some flavour to him. He's been such a bore of late.
lol Bernie
bravo
This guy is a nightmare.
Fossil fuel industry earned same mentality they have dumped onto Earth.
This guy is a legitimate idiot.
I love all the Redditers who support this bullshit... they do so because so many of them are kids who live at home with their parents. They don't have jobs, they don't have to worry about paying the bills. They don't have to worry about being wrong. They don't have to worry about the ramifications of everything that is, simply becoming something different. 

The world is a very large and complicated place with 7 billion people living on it, Sanders has some great ideas, but many of his ideas come at the cost of negative impact to millions upon millions of people.

No President should govern that way... it's not "MY AGENDA IS KING SO IF YOURE IN THE WAY, FUCK YOU!!!"

America doesn't need an activist President, we need a representative President... which is why I support Hillary Clinton.
He's a serious candidate, right
Today I read an article from the "Young Conservatives" (Google Now wtf?) where they were claiming that Bernie doesn't really know much about radical Islam because Bernie believes that climate change has played a role in the problems in the Middle East. I figured, "OK, what's the argument?" and as I read on, they linked to an article that said "it hasn't really gotten that warm." I clicked out of that right as I read that and regretted giving them a click in the first place.

Here's the article I mentioned:
&gt;Bernie Sanders isn’t really known for telling the truth. What he is known for is stretching the truth and stretching it a lot about a whole host of issues. One of his favorite things to be dishonest about, besides Citizens United of course, is ~~global warming~~ climate change.

&gt;His theory is that somehow climate change is causing terrorism because when people in the Middle East don’t have water and crops, it makes them angry and desperate and they are forced to become suicide bombers.  Or something, it’s honestly a little too strange to even dissect. The point is, he really really really doesn’t understand radical Islam. 

&gt;Politifact weighed in on Bernie’s climate change/terrorism statement and well, they didn’t exactly agree. 
From The Daily Caller: Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders ‘s claim “climate change is directly related to the growth of terrorism” has been rated “mostly false” by the liberal fact-checking site PolitiFact.

&gt;“We couldn’t find any evidence of a ‘direct’ relationship between climate change and terrorism, though many reports have noted an indirect link,” PolitiFact says in its fact-check of Sanders’ comments during the Democratic presidential debate this month that there is a direct link between global warming and terrorism. 

&gt;Sanders doubled down on the claim during an interview with CBS, saying, “When people migrate into cities and they don’t have jobs, there’s going to be a lot more instability, a lot more unemployment, and people will be subject to the types of propaganda that al-Qaida and ISIS are using right now.” Sanders’ website also claims America “must lead the world in tackling climate change, if we are to make cer [sic]

&gt;So there you have it.  Most people understood this was the case but surprisingly, a lot of people have bought into this nonsensical argument that even though the science isn’t settled on what drives climate change and even though the globe isn’t getting significantly warmer, climate change causes terrorism.

&gt;The big story here is that Politifact called this fairy tale “mostly false” and not “absolutely false”.

&gt;But, that’s a fight for another day.

&gt;You know what causes terrorism Bernie?

&gt;Deranged Islamic fundamentalists.

&gt;The end.

bernie is just scared somebody is going to try to stuff him in their gas tank.
Moderates win elections, and Sanders is slowly losing the little support he had from them.
I wrote [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/3suz3g/hillary_says_its_ok_that_she_takes_wall_street/cx0qwgc) a few weeks ago:

&gt;Bernie seems more like an outraged priest intent on sending the sinners to hell.

&gt;As long as he chooses the right sinners to send to hell, which it seems like he's doing, I'm WAY more down with Bernie than Hilary.

And now Bernie is LITERALLY damning entire industries "to hell." I was 100% spot on with my character assessment of Bernie as an impassioned Priest.

I am very curious if the American People will elect an impassioned Priest to lead them. For some reason I doubt it because i don't think it has ever happened before. Americans appear to prefer electing sociopath/narcissist type characters, maybe because people tend to be narcissistic, so narcissistic politicians  are easier to relate to.

**Bernie is on the money but he's hard to relate to because he's not narcissistic.** The average person is quite narcissistic so they probably have a very hard time imagining themselves in Bernies non-narcissistic shoes.

**for most people, Trump is easier to relate to** because trump is narcissistic, just like they are. Trump loves his fancy hair, just like most people love their cars/houses/clothes etc.

Bernie needs to get a fancy haircut or something. He is completely losing the 'narcissist' voters, who comprise at least 60% of the electorate.




Ah. Further evidence that Bernie Sanders is the Ted Cruz of the Democrats. 
BP: **We're Sorry** ...you said this.
Wonder if he'll still feel that way when Clinton starts drowning him in fossil fuel and bank money. 
Does he know that the Koch brothers aren't giving any money to *any* of the candidates right now?

http://fortune.com/2015/11/11/koch-brothers-republican-endorsement/



While this sounds great, fossil fuels can't and won't just go to hell immediately. Hopefully our generation will see a decline in the use of these energy sources. But it's not something that is simply phased out over night. Fossil fuels are a pillar of our current economy.

Instead of downvoting, why don't you tell me how I'm wrong? Or is my statement irrelevant to this thread?
Uhoh...
All politicians work for the big corporations so they can cut their taxes and raise the taxes of the workers.
I love the Bernie pose we get in every article's thumbnail. Hair askew and finger held demonstratively at our society's core problems.
North Dakota and Texas would like to have a word with you.
Good!  Now instead of a $20/ton carbon price in the bill you proposed, why not $200/ton which is a lot closer to what the best research tells us is (the lower end of) the true cost of carbon?
Ok just a simple observation here but this just adds to some of the things that bother me about Bernie.

He says he doesn't want to control the means of production but then says he wants to dismantle/destroy the ultimate means of production?

I understand his point about the industry linking that to Climate change and that change does need to happen regarding how our energy is generated (where does the power come from to charge those electric cars?) but such a dramatic change over a 4/8 year period will affect a lot more than just pollution.
Fossil fuels provide cheap, plentiful energy for numerous life improving and saving technologies. Renewables aren't even close... 
Oil drives not only energy, but also chemicals.

All of you green types should just get a horse and quit eating or buying anything you don't grow in your immediate community.

Bernie is a joke. To hell with him and his entitled vodka for all.
Sorry. 

But until we figure out how to run the economy on unicorn poo, its gonna be oil. 
Bernie sanders: the kid in school elections thay promised pizza everyday and soda machines. But he also is gunna make the rich kids pay for everyones pizza.
OMG he is so awesome! I love me some bernie. AAAAHHHH circle jerk me harder!
My questions for Sanders:

1. Were you not kept warm as a child and an adult with products from the fossil fuel industry?

2. Do not your constituents in Vermont heat their homes with fossil fuels and wood? Does not wood burn pollute the atmosphere?

3. Where were you during the Vietnam War?

4. Why, after having a family income for years that has far exceeded the income of the average American family, do you have so little? Have you spend all of your money on stuff?

5. Did you contribute money and time for the raising of your illegitimate son.


To hell with Sanders.Moron.
Bernie kinda smexy, gotta admit O_O;;

First when I saw him I was like &gt;_&gt;

Then I was like  &amp;_&amp;

Now I'm all like :O~~
I'd like to hear his ideas on how Vermont residents are supposed to heat their homes through the typical brutal winters they get in the northeast. 

Fossil fuels aren't going anywhere for a while so why burn bridges with foolish rhetoric?  I totally understand pushing hard to revolutionize the energy industry but we're not there yet. 

Fuckin Bernie. Guy has zero chance. 
Shit like this is how PET won the Canadian Election back in 1968. Keep it up Bernie!
Ugh, Bernie? I need gas to get to work, dude...
So... To hell with the industry that is powering our country? We are nowhere near ready to move into other renewable energy sources exclusively. 
Sorry, I'm with the Koch brothers on this one, climate change science is a swamp of "data" and guess work that no one truly understands, sorry, I've dug into it big time and that's my opinion.  Meanwhile the average Joe and Mary have to fill the gas tank now and then to meet the demands of jobs and family and the last thing they need is carbon taxes and similar schemes that will put them in worse economic jeopardy than they already are.  In that sense the Koch brothers are more on the side of the middle class than Bernie is, don't believe me, go ask a former West Virginia coal miner or a construction worker who lost a good hire when Obama said no to keystoke XL.  Ask them how easy it is now to put food on the family table without a job.  Al Gore, at least, is honest about it and admits that climate change remediation is going to be painful, very painful, for a lot of people, he's said it in a few speeches.  'Nuff said.
senile old fuck
"To hell with my chances of winning"
[deleted]
The right has nothing on the left when it comes to conspiracy theories. 
We must preserve our precious fossils and stick to tried and true gas and oil!
Going to nominate this for /r/circlejerk without even reading the comments.  
Okay, but how is this gonna effect me filling up my gas tank?
Ya know who else I don't like?  Corporate fatcats!  And big banks!  While we're at it, I would just like to mention that I don't like pedophiles, or murderers!  Or people who cut me off when I'm driving!  Yeah, nobody likes them.  But this is the world we live in.  If you get rid of the fossil fuel industry overnight, the United States and most of the developed world would come to a crashing halt.  Acknowledging this reality and developing a sensible plan for improvement in a realistic timeframe is something I can endorse.  Attacking easy targets to get votes is not particularly interesting, it's just populist rhetoric.
Sanders sure is hangin' for an assassination.
He wants to halt fossik fuel use, because one we use our reserve. We will have to burn his fossil ass up to power the country.
~~Bernie~~ = Trump

/u/CANT_TRUST_HILLARY is a bot! 
[deleted]
If only the jews like you had a monopoly on energy again.

Maybe we could all work for pennies a day in the textile factory too Mr Sanders.
Oh...but I like being able to drive to work. I guess I'll have to vote republican.
There is no way a Democrat wins in 2016
"It is difficult to get a man to understand something, when his salary depends on his not understanding it."


-Upton Sinclair 
In a free society you need a reason to ban something, not a reason to allow it. Politics is so frustrating because all we SHOULD need to do for them to un-ban it is ask for their reasons why it's banned and show them the scientific evidence showing their reasons as either ineffective or fallacious.
The war on drugs is the joke.
Yeah, the blowback is justified here.  Turns out weed has a ton of beneficial uses and the surface has only been scratched due to decades of prohibiting research.  This kind of old school "reefer madness" thinking has no place in positions of authority.
Of course the guy paid to arrest people for drug related crimes is against something that threatens his job security.
&gt;"But if you talk about smoking the leaf of marijuana — which is what people are talking about when they talk about medicinal marijuana

Does the DEA chief not know which bit of the Cannabis plant is smoked?

The DEA is a big Welfare program that hands out guns, badges, and good government jobs to people that most likely vote for candidates that support expanding their Welfare program.
You think the head of the DEA would be making the actual decisions on which substances should be controlled and why, but it is obvious that since the last DEA chief parroted the same line about 'heroin being just as dangerous as marijuana' makes it obvious that they are getting their orders from somewhere else. I wish we knew who was pushing so hard to keep the plant illegal. Is it just big pharma or prison lobbyists paying for their opinions? Getting rid of the current chief makes no difference if nothing is actually decided by them, and the next chief arrives at their position repeating the same 1940's nonsense. 
You know what's a joke? A government program that is archaic and causes more problems than it solves. One that is paid millions in tax dollars to basically deny reality and current science while simultaneously bullying the same people who pay their wages.
The DEA chief's career is a joke. He has ruined the lives of a hundred thousand nonviolent drug offenders at the cost of tens of billions of tax payer dollars.
He's just helping the pro-cannabis movement at this point. Shows how incompetent he and the DEA are.
&gt; "But if you talk about smoking the leaf of marijuana — which is what people are talking about when they talk about medicinal marijuana — it has never been shown to be safe or effective as a medicine."




People don't smoke the leaves, they smoke the flowers.  Call that a minor slip, but this was a prepared statement.  Rosenberg seems completely uninformed.
To be fair here - of all the people I know with weed cards, not one of them has it for an actually legit reason.

I can understand when you look at places like Cali, in LA specifically, getting the mind set that it's a joke as a medical treatment. A large chunk of medical weed here is going to people who went to a doctor who was already writing their prescription before they sat down.

Obviously it just points out the issue of legalization since people are just using it to get legal weed for recreational use.
How do we convince the DEA that Marijuana has medicinal properties?
Is this even the most expedient route? Perhaps at some point you have to realize that they're just glossing over the mountains of research that's already been conducted and are simply defending their position for economic reasons. Would the more appropriate route be the greater growth and taxation of cannabis in places where it's legal to the point that then too the cannabis lobbyists can pay more than other established industry lobbyists? 
Here's the last DEA chief (Michele Leonhart; forced out in April) refusing to acknowledge that Meth, crack, and heroin are more harmful then Marijuana: https://youtu.be/JFC2IZe04EY
I would love to see the DEA and local police to go after the heroin that's taking my friends instead of the pot that makes them eat all my food. 
I have crippling anxiety and depression. I take a SSRI, but it makes me feel like an unfeeling zombie and not like myself. But it dulls the sadness. But if I smoke pot every two or three days, I'm me. I can be happy and not depressed, totally relaxed and not anxious. I smoke maybe two or three puffs and it lasts a few days. I'm slowly getting my wife onboard but pot is illegal where I live (Illinois) so that's a barrier for her. But if I don't smoke I'm a zombie and if I don't take the SSRI, I want to kill myself. So yeah, there's a big benefit to smoking a couple puffs of sour diesel to give me back the personality that Zoloft robs from me. It makes me happy, it in turn makes my wife and kids happy. I don't want to die and I am me again. Where's the harm in that?
Giving him the benefit of the doubt... He may have been referring to the structure or *title* of medicinal marijuana.  As opposed to the medical benefits of it. 

I am pro legalization, and I obviously see the value of marijuana as a medicine.  However, I still think that the structure of marijuana prescriptions is kind of a joke. 

It is pretty widely understood that states with legal medical marijuana are pretty much recreation marijuana states.  There are almost no restrictions to keep people from getting a green card for any reason they want.  There are "doctors" that do nothing but prescribe marijuana.   

It's kind of a joke.  Just make it legal recreationally and cut the bullshit. 
I hope everyone realizes how big of a problem this is and its not being blown out of proportion by stoners. 

Imagine if we still used heroin as a cure for the common cold and the DEA says it's fine but are ignoring all the scientific data on it because of personal interest. That's basically the equivalent of what is happening here.
I know it's completely anecdotal, but weed absolutely has a tremendous, positive impact on my mental health. I'm a medicated bipolar, and when my episodes become depressive, weed brings me back. Every time, indica or sativa, it takes me out of that shithole of a perspective and takes me to earth. 

The idea that someone could call it a "joke" when it's stronger than any mood stabilizer or anti depressant that I've tried is almost infuriating
Really? It's not common practice in medicine to prescribe a medication that contains hundreds, if not thousands, of unknown compounds. Medications usually consist of isolated, identified compounds. 
He is wrong, but that's almost beside the point. Prohibition has (again!) done more harm than good, and needs to end. It's understandable that he and others like him don't want to see job security go away, but that is far less important than the damaging negative externalities of their work. There's a lot of agencies that need to be shut down for that reason, and a lot of corporations that need to be downsized or put out of business for the very same reason.
It's a joke because most people that use it don't even have legitimate cards.
Even the article says 
safer than heroin..say alcohol and cigarettes...so normal people get it most poision is safer than heroin
The only part about it that I don't like is that doctors are obviously prescribing it to people who are using it recreationally. I think marijuana should be recreationally legal. 
&gt;But if you talk about smoking the leaf of marijuana — which is what people are talking about when they talk about medicinal marijuana — it has never been shown to be safe or effective as a medicine.

He doesn't even know which part of the plant is smoked ...
Whether it has medicinal value is besides the point. WHAT IS THE HARM THAT JUSTIFIES ITS PROHIBITION?
If they could stop the spread of herion, they would. But they won't because somewhere down the line we depend on that herion in some way shape or form. Pharmaceutical companies use the opioids produced by the poppy plant to produce morphine and some other drugs. In the same stroke the pharmaceutical companies are making money off the painkillers everyone is hooked on. The more you look at it, the more bullshit comes out. Big pharma can't make money off weed so they sick the DEA at it to make sure people get addicted to their drugs and no one elses.
/s
It's funny how the DEA totally is against marijuana, but if you do your research the United States actually holds a patent on it. The patent also states the many medical benefits it has. 

Always do your research!!
I hope the DEA chief (or one of his loved ones) contracts some disease that doesn't respond well to traditional first-line therapies: Chrohn's disease/IBS/IBD, medication-induced chronic nausea, incorrigible chronic pain, epilepsy. He should try some long-term opioid and other narcotic therapies, then try to quit because his insurance expired and can't afford the medication anymore.

I'd like to give a serious F U to whoever thinks opioids and other narcotic medications are bona-fide preferable therapies to medical marijuana. I'm not trying to say that marijuana is 100% safe for everyone and children should be given marijuana in schools or anything, or even that marijuana should necessarily be legalized for recreational use. But compared to many of the narcotic meds that doctors so frequently prescribe these days (e.g., see the current opioid addiction epidemic), marijuana can be a far safer, cheaper, and often more effective treatment plan. 

P:SFDPOSADIFPSIADF **GET MARIJUANA OUT OF SCHEDULE I.** 
"hey, you cant prescribe weed for medical conditions."

"why not?"

"cause it's a recreational drug!"

meanwhile, doctors are handing out meth...I mean adderall, like candy for people that are too lazy to study in school.  so why is meth ok, but marijuana is not ok?  I mean come on.  I don't even smoke but it's still stupid.
DEA Chief is a joke... Probably takes a lot of oxycodone.
I hope that people understand that this is merely one position of a higher power in government. This is just the tip of the iceberg. 
The Cartel that is theDEA need to have its head officers and all its supporters tarred, feathered, and drug through the streets

Think about how many fucking lives they have ruined to preserve their outdated paradigm. This criminal behavior IS NOT specific to marijuana, as they have actively tried to repress research on many drugs that show medical promise, for example, psychedelics. 

These people are evil and are in cahootz with cartels, they both  make money off the drug war. We dont
This headline is clickbaity as hell. The guy's actual statement, against, only the smoking of marijuana:

&gt;There are pieces of marijuana — extracts or constituents or component parts — that have great promise" medicinally, he said. "But if you talk about smoking the leaf of marijuana — which is what people are talking about when they talk about medicinal marijuana — it has never been shown to be safe or effective as a medicine."
In how it's regulated, it is a joke. I can go into any clinic next to a marijuana shop, lie and tell them I have back pain, ask for a medical card, and get one that day. There's nothing legitimate about that, and it happens daily. 
DEA chief~~: Medical marijuana~~ is "a joke." ~~Science: No, it's not.~~  

Fixed the title
Exactly. Why continue the charade? Just legalize it, and end the violence and crime associated with it.
DEA Chief: Gentlemen! Politicians and regular people are coming to their senses! We have to protect or phoney-baloney jobs!
Legalize all drugs like Portugal, get rid of the DEA and use those funds for treatment of addiction. Simple and very much cheaper in lives, prisons almost no crime any longer associated with this business. But that's too smart a solution. 
Titles like this always make me cringe. 
Either way the citizens want it legalized so do it or loose your fucking jobs and get set adrift on a piece of glacier. 
BREAKING NEWS!!!! DEA Chief is a moron. Apparently he thinks he is a certified, qualified scientist in the study of marijuana. 
The DEA is a joke.
To play the devils advocate I think the guy is getting shit for not being clear with his words.

When he called medical marijuana a joke, he wasn't making a blanket statement. He wasn't saying all those little kids weren't helped by it.

He was referring to people like me and my friends who simply like getting high. That's how it works in California. I walk in, I tell a random doctor that I have insomnia, and now I have a card that allows me to keep my weed from the cops for medical reasons.

Over the years I've noticed more and more elderly people buying weed at the clinic. So I'm happy to see that. But 80% of the time its just young dudes like me trying to get high, and that what he's attacking. Me being able to buy weed easily for fake medical reasons is why he calls it a joke.
Most of the current systems in place are a joke..he isn't wrong on that account in my eyes. Idk the context of the quote but to me it looks like you're taking that out of context and pretending he's slandering people who are using the medical system for REAL medical purposes.
Edit: and yea I smoke a shitload for non-medical reasons, I'm just not a butthurt 2015 activist.
Well, I think the joke aspect is the way it is currently prescribed and used. No other drug has a, well smoke as much as you need, instruction set. And the idea of smoking a medicine is super laughable with all indications that pot smoke is as bad if not worse than tobacco. 

That said, it does have tons of potential and even in this laughable form has delivered considerable benefits. It's worth noting that the lack of development is entirely attributable to prohibition and decriminalisation will at least allow for actual therapies to be developed. Though, I would expect medical melarijuana of the future will look radically different than its present form...

Edit: To expand on this, it is also super laughable to say, just eat these edibles doesn't matter how much it'll just work. We will push past this and I am fairly confident there will be useful therapies derived from marijuana but like I said above, in the near future pot therapies will be completely different than current methods and it's for the best.
The reason it was criminalized is a joke. Racial reasons and profit. The head of the FBN put out retarded MJ propaganda which you can find on Google from the 1930s and Hearst newspaper lobbied against it because hemp paper was dominating the paper/timber industry which Hearst had large assets of.
I'm pretty sure he really said something like "Smoking marijuana as medicine is a joke"

and to be honest, it is.

Why smoke it and damage your lugs (smoking anything is harmful) when you can easily extract the active ingredients and put them in a much more manageable pill form?

smoking marijuana medically is kind of hypocritical.
Reddit: time to circlejerk until our dicks burn off.
id leave that to the Scientists, he is hardly unbiased being his job is arresting people that have it 
What do you expect when someone really speaks out of their expertise?
That guy science is a pretty cool guy
Dude on the left's moustache-game is weak as hell.

Am I the only one extremely bothered that the Chief of DEA said that people are smoking the leaf of the marijuana plant?
Who is Science?
The DEA gets its budget by what they enforce, if marijuana is taken off the list they will get less money. Try to see his remarks using his budget as a reference.
It has legitimate medicinal uses, cannot argue that.  But here where I live medical marijuana is legal and judging by the amount of people using it, either its far too easy to obtain a medical marijuana card or we have previously unknown massive health epidemics on our hands because it seems as if pretty much everyone is 'sick'.  Any other prescription medication being abused to this degree by so many people would result in a huge crackdown.   
The DEA is a joke
It's application is 
TIL: DEA and climate change deniers employ the same scientists.
The DEA is a joke. They are a total waste of money and should be abolished.
"But if you talk about smoking the leaf of marijuana — which is what people are talking about when they talk about medicinal marijuana — it has never been shown to be safe or effective as a medicine."

Science seems to be hedging quite a bit here as opposed to saying 'No it's not.' Doctors like to control dosages and actually have studies to validate their choice of treatment. Until that happens, they are probably content prescribing marinol and other purified derivatives and can rightfully say the science is still out to lunch on this. 

But, in terms of legality, I defer to the fact that alcohol is more dangerous by far, has few if any medically sound uses, but is not illegal. Vox media could use a bit more nuance in its headlines. 
DAE WEED?!?
This was like 9 year old me watching one of my teachers have a large thing of Gatorade in the classroom because she's sodium deficient.

At the time I'm thinking, "Gatorade isn't medicine..."
Who is this "Science" guy? Is he in cahoots with the hacker "4chan?"
rofl he should resign from his job for being clearly awful at it
I can no longer understand America. Usually, according to history, her leaders push the line on things and everyone breathes a sigh of relief saying, "it's about time", "finally!"... But now the line is a pretzel and no one understands what the fuck they are doing. I would be one bit surprised if tomorrow's headlines read: Newton's Law of Gravity is Really the Devil Trying to Pull Our Souls into Hell.
Was 100000 signatures not enough to get him out?
and willful ignorance (or probably outright lying) is what uneducated children do. he needs to be removed from office.
Yeah, because he doesn't have a personal stake in the DEA being paid tens of millions to fight a pointless drug war...
The effort by the DEA to hang on to all of the DEA jobs if weed was legalized is the fucking joke. It's at the point of comical by now.
What is it with people putting their personal opinion before fact? The strongest opinion in the world does not outweigh a fact.
It's great to see my friend Tom Angell go from being the head of our university's branch of SSDP  to being a leader/spokesperson for national Marijuana reform.
I'll put money down he has pharm companies giving him money in one way or another. 
Three weeks ago called.  They want their breaking news story back.
He came from the FBI too so it's very difficult to figure out who owns him. I suspect big pharma.
I feel like the DEA hasn't demonstrated the ability to provide anything useful to the US in a long time.  They seem to exist to keep prisons full and continue bullshit circular arguments that people only really side with because a lot  people trust police and therefore trust that the DEA works in our best interest.  I'm just not sure I've ever seen any evidence of that.  IMHO
DEA chief needs to be fired and replaced with someone more reasonable...
Average Joes - "You're a fucking joke." 
Get cancer, asshole.
I'm supposed to take what the chief of the DEA says about marijuana seriously?
He would say that, he has a multi-billion dollar budget to protect.
I support legalization and definitely support its medical uses (lbs/ibd), but there seems to be a lot of circle jerking here. Can someone show me legitamite stats showing the claims that our prisons are full with non violent only drug related offenses that everyone keeps claiming...
" smoking of leaf of marijuana" this is the guy we put in charge of drug control? 
Ive seen chronic potheads - they dont seem particularly healthy to me
How can he form an opinion on something if he's never tried for help due to a chronic pain or having seizures, etc? 
It kind of is a joke, if you think it's being restricted to people with legitimate medical need.

That's a separate thing from questioning its usefulness or anything like that.
Ill fight him. 
From his perspective it is definitely a joke. It definitely helps alot of people and its medical usefulness cannot be denied. That being siad, the system is horribly abused by people who just wanna smoke weed. 

I mean imagine him going through all of the marijuana related crimes and murders on his desk while thinking about someone waiting in line at a fake doctor to get a legal document saying they can smoke. 
Abusing the medical marijuana is not the road to legalization. 
How many times do we need to see this exact same thing on /all? Seriously, this has got to be about the 20th time I've seen this in 2 weeks. It's getting old.
People claiming they smoke twice a day for it's beneficial medical purposes.
Let's not be so sensitive and 'offended' that we forget to read between the lines, though. Take it for what it is, but realize that what he probably meant is true. 

Have you not heard of people faking injuries in California just to pay-off some rent-a-doctor just to get a MM card? It's a well established stigma of the state and the program that people do exactly that - I *know* people in California that do exactly that. 

I'm extremely in favor of carte blanche legalization myself, but I find that it's disingenuous to put our heads in the sand about this comment when he's probably right. In most places that have lax medical marijuana laws, it *is* a joke, because far more people game the system than are actually, *truly* using it for medical *needs*.
I'm sure the drug industry agrees with him.
Obama be [like](https://imgflip.com/i/umjxe)
I think this is something any police officer should know. Day 1

Most or at least some drugs today are based on actual prescription drugs (medicine) they are the derivate of Painkillers, Analgesics, Tranquilizers, Aphrodisiacs, etc.  Those drugs usually intensify the side effects (hallucination, "drunkyness", excitement,alertness or pleasure) that their prescription based original formula had. 

However marihuana unlike other drugs is actually a plant there are no derivates (there are some creams based in it used in latin america for muscle ache though) and is not a mixture of elements itself.  Thats why marihuana can be used for medical  purposes. (as a heavy painkiller mostly) Marihuana was originally used as a medicine. 


When a country puts humans into a high pressure corporate world where all you do is make someone else rich at the expense of your mental health, and on top of that only give them 6 approved days off a year, yeah, anything that lowers stress and anxiety is medically good for us.  

Which in turn introduce more problems down the line we depend on corn.
The DEA is a joke. 
I am a Article 4 free inhabitant! Look it up in the articles of confederation.
Man must be stoned. Got it backwards.
Over the years I've noticed more and more elderly people buying weed at the expense of the livelihood of an island with only 4-5 people on a diet.
When I am on the reefer I can't stop laughing. Sounds like a pretty good joke to me!
Dude doesn't even know what part of the plant gets smoked. This is insane. 
Wow, nice still waiting on that science you there OP

in other related news, science is by popular vote now, not stringent regiments in order to ensure accurate information is published

thanks vox! you go!
Now, come on. We all know that the best place to get health/medical information is from cops.
I, for one, definitely prefer being high over being drunk on alcohol.
Got a source other then Vox?
The DEA in the country of "liberty" is a joke. 
I wonder how he's going to reconcile with the fact that the VA just okayed medical marijuana for PTSD and other service related issues?
I question why Republicans don't vote for its legalization and reduce the spending on the DEA... Ohhh that's right it's against their morals. 
"Separation of science and stupidity."
In the same ignorance as the DEA and use those funds for treatment of addiction.
I don't even smoke but it's the reason it's viewed as a mental illness than as a cure for the common cold and the DEA chief has to deny it or lose his job.
Willfully-ignorant, non-fact-based policy regarding a non-harmful substance, is allowed to trump personal sovereignty over an individual's own consciousness. This is just one of the things we'll be mocked for being SO profoundly dumb and primitive when future generations look back at this time-period.

Can we end this legacy of puritanical, cowardly hypocrites and moronic regressives from power now? ..please? It's LOOOONG overdue.
le epic science. lol
Breaking News. Cops don't like to experiment with drugs. Scientists do.
Medical marijuana pretty much is a joke when anyone can get a prescription.  It should simply be legal as 'recreational marijuana'  on its own recreational merits.
Seriously, we need to end the welfare state where the government hands out cushy jobs to people who are totally unqualified. 
Nixon commissioned thousands of experiments believing they would turn up all sorts of 'dangers' of marijuana. That didn't happen so he just banned experimenting. As long as we have idiots running the government this is what we get. 
I'd like to invite this idiot to meet my son who doctors said may not survive more than ten years with his rare seizure disorder, Lennox Gastaut Syndrome. 

[This kids seizures dropped by 90% due to cannabis when no other medicines worked](http://youtu.be/5_YuBw6ZH8w)
here's an idea, how about instead of investigating planned parenthood we investigate the DEA.
Saying "science" like it's some individual entity is not doing a service to the public's understanding.
Should I listen to my doctor or a corrupt politician... financed by the Big Pharma Industry?  

I don't think I would be alive right now if I hadn't started using cannabis after I got out of the Army.  I waited nine months for an "emergency" psych appointment at the VA when my PTSD kicked in.  Thank God for pot.
Doctor here. Most of us are fans of recreational legalization. But we only see small areas where its valuable medicinally. 

&gt;Have you ever prescribed medical marijuana for one of the myriad indications that it supposed to help?  (Its use has been advocated for, among other things, chronic pain, nausea/vomitting, spasticity, hepatitis C, Crohn's disease, Parkinson's, Tourette's syndrome, psoriasis...)
 
&gt;A recent JAMA issue provides some much needed evidence about medical marijuana's potential clinical role.  And while it does appear to have some efficacy for chemotherapy-related nausea/vomiting, chronic pain, and spasticity in multiple sclerosis, the evidence for its benefits in most other conditions is slim at best.  Importantly, even for the conditions where marijuana does appear to work, it is unclear whether it is better than alternative therapies.
 
&gt;Our position is summed up in this sharp editorial: "if the states’ initiative to legalize medical marijuana is merely a veiled step toward allowing access to recreational marijuana, then the medical community should be left out of the process, and instead marijuana should be decriminalized. Conversely, if the goal is to make marijuana available for medical purposes, then it is unclear why the approval process should be different from that used for other medications. Evidence justifying marijuana use for various medical conditions will require the conduct of adequately powered, double-blind, randomized, placebo/active controlled clinical trials to test its short- and long-term efficacy and safety ... Since medical marijuana is not a life-saving intervention, it may be prudent to wait before widely adopting its use until high-quality evidence is available to guide the development of a rational approval process."
 
&gt;For now, the only clinical use we see for medical marijuana are patients with moderate/severe symptoms due to chemotherapy-related nausea/vomiting, chronic pain, or spasticity in MS who hasn't responded to first and second line evidence-based therapies for these conditions.

From Slow Medicine, they sent this via email. http://slowmedupdates.com/
Maybe he means that the implementation of medical marijuana (dispensaries, recommendations, etc) is a joke because it is so different from how normal medicine is treated.  I view it as a "well we cant get this legalized, so lets help cancer patients AND make it easy for everyone else to obtain and possess it" stop gap measure.
It's absolutely handled as a joke by the dispensaries. 
Why should I have a legitimate reason to put an herb that grows naturally into MY body? Why isn't it illegal to force prescription pills that cause loads of damage and hardly ever work? 
The issue is it works by getting you high, not because the molecules therein are uniquely treating the disease. No one's saying people in pain don't feel better when they are high. Lots of drugs that get you high would also make people feel better. That does not meet the threshold for medical use. Throughout history people drank alcohol, huffed ether, whatever necessary to dull pain. That is their personal choice. But in this day and age when there are dozens of effective drugs that don't get you high and don't damage your lungs, doctors are not going to prescribe pot. It doesn't mean they can't use it anyway, it just means it's not going to be taken seriously in the medical community. 
Maybe he meant the political spectrum of medical marijuana?  Not trying to defend a DEA guy here, but the medical pot system in places like California *is* a joke.  There are doctors that will straight up sell you a prescription.  Most of the people on medical pot there don't need it at all.
Maybe he means people abusing the laws to get it. Some people get it without even having a valid medical issue.
Got over an ounce in the fridge, but still some of MMJ is a joke, but some of it is not.  During alcohol prohibition doctors more frequently prescribed medical spirits.   It'll die down to a reasonable level after legalization.  
Fun fact - the easiest way to spot terrible science journalism is if, in the headline, it sounds like "Science" is the name of a really smart guy who tells you stuff.
Hey DEA chief: Is [medical opium](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Morphine), or [medical heroin](http://www.newsday.com/opinion/columnists/lane-filler/medical-heroin-we-already-have-it-lane-filler-1.3909991), or [medical cocaine](http://www.medicinenet.com/cocaine_hydrochloride-topical/article.htm), or [medical meth](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Attention_deficit_hyperactivity_disorder#Medication), or medical-anything-else-besides-pot-that-messes-you-up also "a joke"?
I don't understand this shit. Medical mjay is actually helping people. It eliminates pains from nearly all, if not all neurological disorders and doesn't fuck up your fine motor skills. It's not just fucking stopping cancer, it's making people more resistant. And it fucking increases your oxygen supply. Why the fuck would the government want to fuck with this? Oh, right! Because Big Daddy Government knows what's best for us? 
By changing the DEA's comment from "Medical Marijuana" to "Smoked Medical Marijuana," which in all likelihood he intended, this story is completely destroyed.
yall just wanna smoke
I know more than enough people who are medical marijuana "patients" to understand why he came to that conclusion. Of course the real joke is marijauna being illegal in the first place and if he doesn't agree with that position in 2015, perhaps it's time to find a new DEA chief. 
The DEA is a joke and the biggest waste of tax dollars there is, they've never done anything major or even minor on the "war on drugs". There biggest bust are like taking a cup of water out of a pool, a big pool.
People have to realize that he is in no position to be an experienced or educated on the matter of science. He is the DEA, he was hired to shut down this type of stuff and if they legalize it, then he is out of a job
DEA chief: I like TURTLES!!!

Humanity: shhhhhh
The DEA is just pissed because they're losing a grip on their main cash cow.
This shit boils my blood. I just want to grab this stupid fuck and physically show him all the children and elderly people and cancer survivors/sufferers, that it does wonders for. Maybe if he's slapped across the face with it he'll open his fucking eyes. 
I completely agree with the guy, despite the study cited in this article, which if you actually read it, is very inconclusive.
I think it should be legal, but to say it should be for medical reasons is a joke. I know many people who get medicinal, 0 of which need it for medical reasons. 
Obama said he would change the law, he is a liar
DEA is a law enforcement agency, the head of it doesn't need to have a clue about actual uses of anything, he just has to enforce the law. To that end he should also know when to keep his uninformed mouth shut so he doesn't look like a retarded asshole.
95% of people who have medical marijuana have it for "anxiety" or "shoulder pain." There are doctors that are known for prescribing pot cards, and let anyone who complains about any issue true or not get perscrived. There are legitimate cases that seriously benifit from medical marijuana, but most cases are abused. If I wanted, i could get a pot card for my diagnosed anxiety or low appetite.
I think his point is not that there is no potential medical benefit, rather that or the vast majority of people who get medical cards, it's absolute rubbish, which is completely true. 
Not surprised the DEA Chief would dismiss any facts about marijuana when it's his job to combat drugs. 
DEA chief - Muh Highschool edjumication!!!
I wish these ISIS fellows would targets enemies of Reddit, like the DEA, Republicans, ISIS and Bethesda softworks.
why is this in /r/politics and not /r/morons i mean /r/trees
As someone who is in law enforcement, I kind of see where the DEA is coming from. Hear me out...so many of the youth I have dealt with say things like, "It prevents cancer...it held with my mood..." But these kids don't have cancer or mood disorders. I have buddies who I know do not have chronic back pain, and go to a doc they know gives out the prescription for medical marijuana. It's the few who abuse the system to feed their habit that ruin it for people who really need it. On that same note, if someone with a drug problem tells me they are on prescription pain meds I also assume they are abusing the system. 
Fear not.  When Bernie is elected this injustice will be righted, and this fascist chief will see the true power of the people.
It's a plant. 
Marijuana is a miracle drug.  It cures cancer, gives people a purpose in life, increases appetite, brings in tax revenue.  Why aren't we serving it in school lunches?
Lol that reddit baiting title. 

Seems like an /r/circlejerk or /r/subredditsimulator type of title. 
The problem is that milliona of people are exploiting it by claiming false medical reasons to get high all day. Once you morons start respecting the drug things will look better for its future.
Its funny how all these greenie meanies bitch and complain about Monsanto and only eat organic but then turn around and smoke pot grown using pesticides and other harmful crap used to keep bugs out.  However this is not about that so much. 

pot is a drug and harmful. If you don't have breathing problems , you will once you become a pot smoker. Trying to have kids? Well enjoy a lower sperm count.   Ever want to be stupid? Keep inhaling a drug that tars up your lungs. You can be a 30 year old man with 50 year old man lungs, just keep on inhaling!!

Science has already shown pot smoking over all is harmful. While some people FEEEEEEEL better smoking it, and cancer people eat after smoking it, this is because its effect on the brain over riding their illness effect on the brain temporarily giving them back a part of themselves. 

Medical pot is a joke. Its handed out by quack doctors for any minor ache or pain.   FINE: what needs to happen is outlaw growing it. ONLY the state can grow. Imprison drug dealers and tax the hell out of it. 

Than have state doctors who are willing to o against their oath to prescribe this drug ONLY to people that it can actually help, ie cancer people etc.   We all know the game, people fake sickness or what not just to be able to " state " law legally be able to smoke their drugs. 

Trying to have kids? Pregnant? 

 A pregnant woman who regularly smokes marijuana or hashish may give birth prematurely to an undersized, underweight baby.   That's ok, be a selfish TRASH welfare mom and smoke your pot. Your child will have mental issues and be very low motivated to do much more than emulate the sorry sack you are...

Keep on inhaling guys, enjoy your drug, its getting you no where fast... Oh, Smoking tobacco sucks to but not every one is George Burns... Same goes for pot
And Qatar cares more about playing soccer than fighting ISIS.
Ofc they are, Yemen is right next to Saudia Arabia, and they don't want the Iran backed shia to win
No offense, but this is kind of a "no shit".
Earlier on Al Jazeera they reported that 27% of ISIL tweets with GPS enabled come from Saudi Arabia.
Who was disputing this?
True. And Russia is more focused on fighting the rebels while NATO is more focused on fighting Assad
Well... yeah. Saudi Arabia *should* be far more concerned about Yemen than ISIS. That's very reasonable. 

And they are concerned about both, but it's idiotic to worry about the wolf at the door more than the knife at your throat. 
Why is this even rated?  Rating subjective statements then addressing them via logical fallacy doesn't make what he said true t's still just his opinion.  Based off this I would guess if we saw Trump say Obama cares more about climate change than he does the terrorist attacks in Paris then politifact should rate him a true.
And so?
Well the Yemen conflict is on their border not ISIS, this is no suprise.
Let us say that Saudi Arabia is more focused on Yemen, which is true, so what? How is some small Sunni nation in Eastern Syria and Western Iraq, at war with the US, France, and Russia, a threat to them?
[deleted]
This is not something that can be fact checked...
ok
This is the nature of our relationship with the Saudi Arabia. Their government is a fucking modern monarchy for crying out loud. https://youtu.be/8y06NSBBRtY The problems in the middle east cannot be solved without Saudi Arabia. Where do we begin?

Why didn't the politifact article proving Bernie lied about defense funding when it came to terrorism make the front page?
Are we going to do this every day? Sanders says something factual (which a lot of people are saying) and it gets upvoted to the front page?
Has anyone said otherwise?
It's more like they're concerned about dropping oil prices than either of those things.
Was this a controversial statement? I didn't realize people thought it was false.
Saudi Arabia...our ally.  Most of the 9/11 terrorists were from there and they are one of the worst violators of human rights in the world.
God bless oil.
So.... Saudi Arabia isn't covertly funding ISIS?
ISIL is out of sight and out of mind, since it operates in the Sunni areas of northern Iraq. Comparatively, Yemen is right on their doorstep. 
"You can never have too many enemies. The more you've got, the more likely they are to get in each other's way."

ISIS Foreign policy in a nutshell.
They are one of the main supporters of ISIS, of course it is correct. And it's not a conflict, it's a war led by Saudis.
I assume global warming caused the Yemen conflict as well? 
Bernie said something everyone already knew regarding something involving foreign policy. This means he is a foreign policy genius and I should now no longer have any doubts about voting for him. /s
I am now waiting for the post that says Bernie Sanders is right: The sky is blue and tomorrow is in the future, factchecker confirms.
Why would Saudi Arabia fight ISIS? ISIS is just the *slightly* more radical militant side to Wahabbism. Saudis probably *love* ISIS. 
&gt;Bernie Sanders is right.

stopped reading there.
People keep saying Saudi Arabia is supporting ISIS by refusing to fight them or even helping them directly. 

The truth is that they are in their own conflict, and that they are sending support to the rebels who OPPOSE ISIS. 

Of course, somebody is going to say the rebels are somehow no different and it makes them ISIS. That's like saying both sides of the US civil war were Americans, so they secretly supported each other. 

It's ridiculous. 

People need to stop making things up and making assumptions like little angry children trying to explain their own behavior. 
Is it really that surprising they care more about the conflict right next door than the conflict a few countries over?

There are plenty of good reasons to dislike Saudi Arabia, we don't need to make up bullshit reasons too.
N-no shit? Every time I see Bernie on this sub, you all have his cock and balls in your mouths
Why are there constantly things on this subreddit prefaced by 'Bernie Sanders is right' when they are both obvious and have been said by many people before. I swear the circle jerking on this sub is absurd 
So...as President, what specifically would he do about that?
Yet you never hear about what they are up to in Yemen. Thousands of civilian casualties? Ah, who cares. They are US allies. However we love talking about Russia "invading" Crimea with overwhelming 90%+ pro-Russian support. 
Ron Paul has been saying this sort of thing FOR YEARS. Even this very thing, today. He hasn't changed his stance at all.

The main difference is that he understands what works today, without it being a popular choice. 

Many things that he has stood for, have been the right choices, the hard choices, the best choices, and never popular choices.
And Sanders cares more about global warming than ISIS. 
Im starting to think this politifact.com is Bernie owned. Bernie is not right, this is a know fact that the main stream news never talks about because they are own and controlled by corporations. 

#Wake Up 2015! 
No shit Sherlock Sanders.


This is Yemen we're talking about. We're **25 million** people and **60 million** guns.  

*Hypothetically* speaking ,if we wanted to, *if*, (big if), we *could* literally march north with 1-3 million able bodied men and take Riyaddh &amp; Mecca in 24 hours flat.  Then we'd turn our attention to the Gulf. BOOM. Just like that, new crazy nation, holding the World's oil resource by the balls.

Now, we would easily lose like 100k-200k men.  But still - we would be sitting on the King's throne like "We're the Qat at?"

However, Ali Abdullah Saleh (who stock piled SCUD missiles in the center of major Yemeni cities), who runs the country like his own personal ATM, is NOT about to ruin *Billions* in free money given to ~~him~~ poor 3rd world Yemen.   He is most definitely NOT looking to march on any neighboring nations because that's just not worth it to him.   Plus most Yemenis aren't really interesting in going to war with neighboring nations. We don't have any such beef with them to do so. Most of us are expats in those nations to help our poor families back home. 

Which brings us to the **Houthis.**  

The Houthis number between 3-7 Million depending on who's talking. They share borders with KSA.  They have had all out *wars* (not skirmishes) with Ali Abdullah Saleh; with KSA; with neighboring Yemeni provinces for a good decade now.  And they have been known to use the, ahem, **"Red Army"** technique of *"if the first 1000 men don't succeed send another 1000 men."*

They ***WILL*** launch SCUDs and march on your nation in a Ghenkis Khan barbarian Horde attempt to take over if they could.

(And they have launched SCUDs and tried marching on KSA for several months now.) 


So the fact that Ali Abdullah Saleh threw his lot in *with* the Houthis and tried to recapture control of Yemen by force; plus the fact the Houthis are now the *de-facto* temporary ~~rulers~~ overlords of Yemen with access to Saleh's military; does not bode well for *Yemen* itself ... but also does not bode well for KSA either. 

Its no wonder KSA + GCC decided to throw their lot with the Southern Yemeni resistence and successfully pushed north the Houthis + Saleh Army from the deep south.  Unfortunately that was July/August. 

Since then there's been a quagmire in the central regions. While the far out eastern sparse quarter (Hadthrmout) has been left police-less and undefended verses AQAP.  

(Not to mention now there is no security *anywhere* in Yemen for that matter)

--------------------------------------------------------

So, yes Bernie Sanders, with the above in mind - it's no wonder Saudi Arabia couldn't care less about ISIS &amp; Syria at the moment.  ISIS is, what? 10,000 fighters? And preoccupied by several nations air striking them every day already?

But Houthis are "right there"; willing and able and doing it!  You wouldn't have a choice either; You'd have to do *something* about it.

Now, as a Yemeni, do I think protracted Air Strikes on top of a protracted internal Civil War is the right approach?  

No.  

I think politics and diplomacy would work far better and faster.  With the simplest approach being that the GCC  just needed to *threaten* splitting Yemen in two .. everyone's ears would have perked up instantly.  

But what do I know?

It seems that Reddit just sees the words 'Bernie Sanders' and upvotes it blindly. 
wowwwww bernie said something YEARS LATER THAN EVERYONE ELSE DID. HE'S A HERO. PRAISE HIM. 
DAE feel le bern? xD
Politifact is a joke lol. A Democrat (Bernie or Hillary) could say the sky isn't blue and they would say "True: Sometimes the sky is darkened, and even during the day there can be clouds. So we rate this as true." That's if they even would rate it.

However, if a Republican - ESPECIALLY Donald Trump - said "The sky isn't blue they would say "Pants on Fire: The sky is blue. Here are some random sources that prove this."
I do think Hand Egg is shorter and more thoughtful I write including sources, the more I'm down voted.
I'm... I'm not used to that meter saying true... Is it broken?
I'm glad all the reasonable people understand that Bernie Sanders is the one who understands foreign policy and how you have to lead by encouraging others to lead.
I do agree every country in the region has its own focal interest.  And a lot of it crosses over
it's hilarious how no US politician will admit to Saudi Arabia financing and using ISIS, I guess petrodollars buy a lot of silence.
That's how a true powerful leader talks. A sissy would never be able to tell you the truth so HARD in your face!
Why would Saudi Arabia be worried about it's baby (ISIS)?
While technically true, it should also be noted that AQAP holds large parts of the of the country. It's the same beast with a different name. Yemen also has been a hotbed for terrorism, remember the USS Cole bombing? That was in Yemen. Saying that it isn't a worthy endeavor in its own right isn't justifiable. Also Yemen controls a vital water way that SA ships its oil through, they don't have to worry about that in Syria. If anything we shouldn't be criticizing them, otherwise we would have to be deeper involved in that clusterfuck too
This isnt a particularly big debate though.

Did people really dispute this? Was there really an argument about the foreign policy priorities of a different country?
Probably becuase they are funding the Daesh 
It's not much of a different name.
USA is all " whats a Yemen?"
Because ISIS and Saudi Arabia have the same religious beliefs. Yemen has Shias.
I'm sure I'll get some flack for this, for being a Bernie apologist or a PolitiFact apologist--PolitiFact and FactCheck.org seem to both be hated organizations on reddit for some reason--but I appreciated in this that they went a little bit deeper than simply presenting the facts. That's obviously important, but contextualizing them can be more helpful, which I think the article did admirably.
They are isis
So... everyone else who has been saying the exact same thing is wrong? 

the circle jerk continues...
When has Trump ever said anything other than "Muslims are bad" or "I want to make the economy better". Has he said anything we can fact check?
That's because the US exported its Yemen policy to Saudi Arabia, so the US could bomb ISIS. 
college professor here with multiple Saudi students.  Yes.  The battle in Yemen is the battle for Saudi-- and there are multiple combatants and the perception, from Saudi, is that there can only be one winner--Saudi!
Is this guy ever wrong? I've not read anything yet where he is off the mark. Pretty refreshing to see a decent candidate. 
Are they more "focused" r/politics? So you're going to use your stupid "truth" meter in support of subjective and un-provable assertions now huh? Hilarious.
&gt;Data compiled by Airwars.org shows that from Dec. 1, 2014, to Nov. 16, 2015, Arab allies conducted just 143 of the 2,827 airstrikes in Syria, 90 of which occurred before April 3 (intervention in Yemen began March 26). For comparison, Saudi Arabia sometimes conducted as many as 125 strikes a day against the Houthis, according to the BBC.

&gt;"Bottom line, Bernie Sanders is right. All the evidence points to it," said Chris Woods, an investigative journalist who leads the Airwars project. "Clearly, we saw with the Saudis a capability unleashed in Yemen that we never saw in Syria."

&gt;"The volume of Saudi military forces deployed to combat the Houthis puts the Saudi deployment against ISIS to shame," said David Weinberg, an expert on the Gulf monarchies at the Foundation for the Defense of Democracy.
Ironically, *no-one* (among the actors involved) really has destroying ISIS as their main priority for its own sake.

Russia wants to save Assad. They will attack ISIS when this helps them achieve this, but they have the other rebel groups in their sights just as much.

The main priority of the US is destroying Assad. Therefore, they really aren't interested in getting rid of ISIS at all, quite the reverse. If Satan himself was trying to overthrow Assad, they would help him. Ditto for Israel (remember his little bomb drawing at the UN?) and especially Saudi.

Essentially, actual people throughout the world are horrified by ISIS because, well - they're assholes - but the hard-nosed geopolitical priorities of Russia and the US are different. So everyone is basically using public horror at ISIS to give cover for what they *really* want to do in Syria.
For the record, politifact IS liberal propaganda: http://www.newsmax.com/Reagan/PolitiFact-Fact-Checkers-Bias/2015/03/20/id/631565/
I believe Saudi Arabia is focusing more resources on their war against the shale oil industry then they are on Yemen or ISIS.
Oh my... he doesn't know does he? 

Saudi Arabia wanted all of this to happen. 
You had me at, "Bernie Sanders is right."
Saudi Arabia gets away with murder these days. Literally murder 
And the President is more focused on trying to score snark points against the Republicans than actually leading anything. Oh wait, no, he is leading. He's leading us in to a huge war in the middle east.
this politifact shoud just say Bernie always right, Donald Trump always false... that's all it does any way YET the majority of the US is wanting real change. A person not bought and paid for by big business, big pharma, special interest or big union.  Trump is that Candidate, not bought or paid for. 

IN NJ there were police called on people celebrating the 9-11 attacks but politifact said Donald liked about that because no one was actually arrested but people were indeed celebrating... so I don't trust this website any more. 
Most 'normal' people who live on the gulf support ISIS anyway to some degree. Saudi Arabia qatar etc literally dont give a fuck about ISIS
This is why I'm voting for Bernie Sanders
Saudi Arabia is with ISIS. They'd rather die than see Iran get back into power 
Time to take a step back from Saudi Arabia.
I was talking to my friend about this the other day and we both kinda agreed that Saudi benefits from avoiding conflict with Da'esh. I think they would trigger some serious attacks against their people should they engage like other countries. We both also agreed that it is fucked up that Saudi hasn't taken in as many refugees as some other countries in the area have. (Some leader of the UN Human Rights council)

The other thing that we discussed a little was the philosophy of Wahhabism and how Da'esh is practicing that idea to its extreme while Saudi is also pretty fucking close. It is my opinion that should Saudi begin to confront Da'esh that they lose whatever credibility they have since they would be attacking not only Da'esh but the Wahhabist philosophy. 

What do you guys think?
Didn't Bernie also say that global warming is more of a threat then ISIS........
Wait what? Politifact is reading the minds of Saudi Arabia's leaders?
how can a Supreme  Court justice do that as quickly as possible?

don't they need, like, a case before them to rule on?
Just a reminder: Judges who are being vetted by Congress before appointment to the Supreme Court *do not* comment on any matters that *could* appear before the future Court.  Therefore, if someone asked a potential Justice if they would overturn Citizens' United, the answer 100% of the time would be "I cannot comment on matters that could appear before the Supreme Court."

This is just a click-baity soundbite.  Bernie Sanders knows that a potential Supreme Court Justice couldn't make this pledge.  But he sure does know that it will energize his supporters.  


While SCOTUS is not required to recuse, making such a statement in advance of taking the bench would be grounds for recusal in any other court.

*edit*

In response to those claiming I am wrong:

Title 28, Section 455 of the United States Code

&gt; 3) Where he has served in governmental employment and in such capacity participated as counsel, adviser or material witness concerning the proceeding or expressed an opinion concerning the merits of the particular case in controversy;

I'd say an a priori verbalized bias on the merits of the case is *exactly* what this section covers

*edit* fixed a typo in the section.
I'm not sure if sanders' true colors are shining through or if he's a bit unhinged with the success of his current run, but that statement is deeply disturbing and requires a violation of ethics on the part of the candidate judge. 

The judge has a duty to the constitution, not the president.
Imagine for a moment a Republican candidate said they would not appoint a Justice that didn't promise to overturn Roe v. Wade.  Think about how angry you would be.  Then realize this is not different in any way other than you agree with one side and disagree with the other.
Funnily enough, Citizens United was a case fought over an independent group's right to air an anti-Clinton video during the 2008 primaries. 

Nobody likes the way PAC's abuse the decision, but reversing it entirely would dramatically impact free speech. I'm all for campaign finance reform but the right way to do it is to pass a clear constitutional amendment, not to overturn a Supreme Court ruling that will take away ordinary people's voices in process.
What a joke. Citizens United has a simple premise. The first amendment protects an individual's right to free speech. Not that protected speech should be free (cost nothing) but that the speech should be free from government restriction. If I have a message that I want the country to hear, I am allowed to spend as much money as I want to disseminate that message. For the government to place restrictions on where and when and how I can disseminate my speech is UNCONSTITUTIONAL.

If you overturn Citizens United, then you are essentially saying that the only thing that qualifies as free speech is that speech which is free (costs nothing) to disseminate, which is essentially limited to how loud an individual can scream. If Citizens United is overturned and the federal government is given the power to regulate how much money can be spent to disseminate political speech, then the 1st Amendment is dead.
It amazes me that people believe the solution to politicians being too easily corrupted by citizens free speech is to grant those politicians more control over the citizens speech so they can't be influenced.
rather have a president who supports the constitution and wants judges who will defend it even if the ruling goes against what he likes. 


Ah I do so love Bernie.

For decades we've had "no litmus test for judges" as the rallying cry for judicial discretion and independence.  We've railed against the expectation for nominees to state a position on *Roe* or *Casey*, and have vociferously demanded that the White House treat nominees as stewards of the Constitution, not politically-motivated hatchet men.

To watch as his supporters twist themselves into knots of "oh, well this is okay because I think *Citizens United* was wrong" after decades of the far-left railing against litmus tests on abortion rights is just delicious.
While I support the sentiment, any Supreme Court nominee who made this statement would be immediately blacklisted by republicans in Congress.
That's not how it works, Bernie. That's not how any of this works.
That would be a violation of judicial ethics as the Justice must take the case on its own merits.  His or her positions can be such that a case like Citizens United would be overturned, but first a law must be constructed that could be challenged like Citizens United and then the SCotUS must hear that case and either overturn precedence or affirm it.

Its not a serious statement by Senator Sanders.  Unless one thinks he truly is this clueless about the process and the standards involved, which I don't believe for a second, he's pandering.  
Judges should judge the case that is presented as it is presented to them in court. Not make make guarantees to a president to buy a nomination. Any potential nominee that would make judgements based on the opinion of a elected official and not the constitution should be immediately thrown out of the running by congress. 
Both Hillary and Sanders have stated that this is a requirement for any Supreme Court candidate they would nominate. The Supreme Court voted 5-4 on Citizens' United and on a follow-up campaign finance test, with the 5 conservatives voting in favor of the wealthy being able to own our elections, and the 4 liberals against. 
As a non-American can someone give me an eli5 about citizens united?
ELI5: Citizens United

(I'm British)
that's uncouth for a presidential candidate, Bernie.  You know you are supposed to be concerned with judicial philosophy, not pledges to make particular decisions.  The Democrats told us so when Bush was nominating justices.
Well that's not how the system is supposed to work, you don't legislate from the bench. 
Let's add "The Supreme Court" to the ever-growing list of things Sanders doesn't understand.
Citizens' United is just as much the "law of the land" as Roe V. Wade.
Every time this man speaks he guarantees that I will never vote for him. 
Citizens United struck down a LAW prohibiting the showing of a political movie close to an election.  That's a clear violation of the 1st Amendment and it SHOULD have been struck down.

It's unbelievable the number of libs that have no interest in protecting free speech rights.  Ol' Bernie should be ashamed.
So Bernie has no problem taking large donations from Unions for decades....

But ohhhhhh the Republicans are pooling money and donating it....better stop that right quick.


That's by far the dumbest thing I've heard him say.  Either he's being ignorant of how Supreme Court nominations work (which I doubt), or he's betting that voters are.  I'm not sure which is worse.
I think I'd prefer unbiased judges.  This is as bad as the right wingers abortion litmus test.  
"I won't nominate any justices unless they push my agenda"
Bernie Panders
Can someone ELI5?
Has anyone here taken a gov class? One Supreme Court justice doesn't have the ability to overturn a previous ruling. The only way CU gets overturned is if a similar case gets appealed all the way to the Supreme Court, and then 4 justices agree to hear the case. Then you would need 5 out of the 9 justices to actually reach a decision. Additionally, any nominee needs the approval of congress. Bernie can say whatever he wants, but one justice really doesn't have any power individually.
*knock, knock*

Excuse me reddit, do you have a moment to talk about our Lord and Savior, [Bernie Sanders?](http://www.jw.org/en/jehovahs-witnesses/faq/)

Good. Until we overturn Citizens United, we cannot properly address any of the other issues facing our country. Legislation cannot be effectively passed and interpreted for the common good if every elected official has a massive conflict of interests.

EDIT: Downvotes because why exactly? 
Every president does this, Bernie is just being honest about it because he knows how important it is to the health of our democracy, and because he's honest. Elect someone who lies to you about their nomination intents if you want to.
am I the only one who's wondering what Citizen's United is? I struggle to keep up :(
Can someone explain to the foreigners that don't know the Supreme Court system why this position is acceptable, or even positive?

A representative saying he will enforce a certain political belief onto the leading judiciary body is quite difficult to agree with. 
Who needs checks and balance? 
Any person stupid enough to prejudge a case in public like that does not deserve to be a USSC Justice.

And any candidate stating that kind of requirement is ignorant of [one of the main Constitutional purposes of the USSC](http://www.archives.gov/exhibits/charters/constitution_transcript.html), and has no business being president.

And yes, that includes Republicans blithering about appointing justices to overturn Roe and other similar cases
so they must have an agenda and not listen to the facts of the case to see if it is legal or not.   And people say Trump is saying stupid shit.   sheesh.  
Not only is this **impossible** due to how judges are **selected**, but the **idea** is **ludicrous** as it requires the judge to willfully ignore the **constitution** to make a change.

**Citizens United** was properly decided.  The government **cannot** stop a group or representative of a group from **publishing** political material because it is election season.  Being a **corporation** or group (like a union) doesn't entail **giving up** rights.

Though part of me would **love** to see this happen.  I would love for the **government** to ban **political speech** by corporations during elections.  I wonder if **The New York Times Corporation** or **MSNBC** or **Fox News** or any other corporate speaker would give up their **first amendment** rights so easily.  I guess they would just **ignore** politics instead of using their corporate power to **influence** election outcomes.
Supreme Court justices are supposed to be neutral and detached, to shoot out of the gate and violate the doctrine of stare desisi is what the court does no want to see. There are legitimate reasons to overturn citizens united, however, there must be really good reason for doing so. The standard of review is strict scrutiny so it has gone to a more lenient direction. The government must have a compelling gov interest which must be the least restrictive means. Since corporations are people, their freedom of speech cannot be infringed. So it would be hard to do that with ease. Politics and the law are like oil and water, polticians say one thing an the law will usually contradict it.
getting tougher to be a democrat these days.
It would be weird having a permanent 8-person court during a Sanders presidency.
Anyone who is against asking candidates to the Supreme Court what their positions are is really being irresponsible.  How can we trust our nation's highest court to someone who's positions we don't know?  Don't you think that it would be wise to ask what they believe in before we trust them to decide the most important legal cases?  How can we not accept or reject candidates based on their positions?  There is nothing unethical about selecting a Supreme Court Justice who respects the Constitution.  Citizens United violates Article 2, Section 4 of the Constitution, which makes bribery illegal.  At the very least, we need to demand that a Supreme Court justice respect the Constitution and pledges to overturn this unconstitutional and undemocratic decision.
I don't think Bernie should start picking out the WH drapes and curtains yet. The DNC is going to pick Hillary. 
And thus I shall be voting for Hillary.
ITT: People pretending Bernie would be the first president to select his Supreme Court with an agenda... at least he's honest about it.

Edit: for those asking, here's some info I found on Citizens United that might be worth looking at...

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Citizens_United_v._FEC

http://billmoyers.com/2015/01/22/12-ways-citizens-united-changed-politics/
http://feelthebern.org/bernie-sanders-on-political-and-electoral-reform/ 

Citizens United: Bernie wants to overturn Citizens United, a “disastrous Supreme Court decision” which allows unlimited sums of money to be funneled into electoral politics.

DISCLOSE Act: Bernie wants to enact legislation to protect the integrity and transparency of federal elections by establishing disclosure requirements for all contributions.

Public Funding of Elections: Bernie wants to move towards public funding of elections to promote a more even playing field where all Americans can participate.

Democracy Day: Bernie wants to celebrate democracy by creating a holiday to encourage voter turnout for elections.

Gerrymandering &amp; Voter Suppression: Bernie wants to curb redistricting as well as reinforce the Voting Rights Acts by making it easy for anyone to cast a vote, including former felons who have served their time.

The Two-Party System: Bernie Sanders believes that many Americans have “rejected the two party system” and is one of the US Senate’s only two Independent members. He has supported legislation to introduce Instant Runoff Voting in order to give third parties a fair shot at competing in our elections.


 
Uh... How does he mean 'vote' to overturn it 'as soon as possible'?

I agree with overturning Citizens United but they don't just get together and vote like a legislature. They have to have a case before them, brought by a person with standing, and then issue a judgment. Their power only comes from the orders they make in a case before the Court. 

Wtf

(Btw, Lawyer here). 
This is why I'm voting for Bernie Sanders
Watch this documentary and tell me if you still think Citizens United should be legal:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2N8y2SVerW8
Seems the top comments are jumping all over the technicalities of this statement, but there is a much more simple way of seeing this issue...
We have people running for President of the United States of America, and the person elected will play a huge role in the direction our country takes. Recently, a supreme court ruling has allowed corporations to 'buy' off a our politicians, who in turn will vote for the interest of their funding, over the interest of the public. This is one of the biggest threats to democracy, and to perhaps freedom in the USA, and only Bernie is addressing this issue. No other popular candidate is taking this issue seriously at all, and for the likely reason that they have all been compromised by said funding. Until we remove the money from the political process, nothing will get better for the majority in our country, and Bernie is the only person promising to attack this issue head on.
How the fuck is this controversial? Citizens united was an attack on the constitution. There's nothing wrong with demanding a nominee be willing and able to use their power to restore democracy. What the hell is wrong with you people?  
And this encapsulates my problem with progressives.  They have a complete intolerance and lack of respect for people that disagree with them.  I also find it abhorrent that a Presidential candidate would explicitly make politic the USSC.  It is a complete violation of trust that Presidents should nominate non-partisan Justices.  Then again, Obama put Sotomayor on the bench, so I guess we know the left doesn't care about making the court a neutral entity.
So Bernie basically you've said all your nominees will have to **recuse themselves** on issues pertaining to free speech and election regulations.

Because you've forced them to prejudice themselves by delivering a judgement in advance. 
If they are equally committed to outlawing contributions from labor unions, that would be fine.
Bernie is a Senator and I'm just some dude but I'm reasonably certain that this is absolutely not how this works/not how any of this works. What am I missing? How can a guy that lives and breathes government be so seemingly off? ELI5, etc.  
If CU were overturned today, it would be a crime (yes, a crime!) to write a Bernie Sanders endorsement and post it to this subreddit within a certain time period before an election. 

Does that sound like a law we should have? 
Luckily Bernie will never nominate any supreme court justices.
I don't like this.
Can't Congress make/change law to eliminate PACs (or at least their tax exempt status), change contribution limits and disclosure rules?
Citizens United is an abomination, tantamount to institutionalized bribery.  If you're going to have a litmus test, that's a good place to take a stand.
I don't know what citizens United is and I can't find it in the comments. 
imagine if there were a limit on every person and corporation as to how much money they could spend to buy out politicians (cough cough rubio cough cough)...
Eli5 citizens united
Nothing about general integrity, experience o knowledge of the law?...
I really didn't want him to go this route. Still probably going to vote for him, but he's introduced something I'm not agreeing with.
http://i.imgur.com/Gm9ZA1L.gif
/r/berniejerk
Except for the part that the Citizens United interprets the Constitution correctly. Just because you don't like the outcome doesn't mean it's wrong. 

Reals, not feels, Bernie. 
So he wants a justice that fits his agenda... Sure citizens United outcome was bullshit but.. you cant really say that you want a judge for my x and y views.
Should someone want to know how a case will be ruled upon before it's heard?
That quote makes it seem like Mr Sanders does not understand how the Supreme Court works.  


Seems like a kind of myopic way to choose a justice. I hope he has people in mind for other reasons, too.
As much as I want this I would far rather have congress do it.  I don't like the supreme court overturning president for the most part
Is it standard operating procedure to vet judges based on his/her statements about how they would rule on cases not yet brought, nor argued, before them in court?

Something doesn't seem right with this demand for purity of thought...
Because the First Amendment can go fuck itself?
I always thought the actual point of nominating Supreme Court Justice nominees was to pick ones that will uphold the Constitution, not to cherry pick ones that will bend to the will of your political leanings.  Not that anyone has ever done that, but I thought this guy would be different.  And yes, I do hate Citizens United.
If I understand the ruling correctly, they actually properly ruled on this one (hey, even a broken clock is correct twice per day, right?). What needs to happen in order to overturn CU is that we need to amend the Constitution. Correct?
That's horrible.  He is using a political litmus test to nominate someone to a position that should be politically neutral.
My way, or fuck you!
Because a litmus test for the Supreme Court is totally fine as long as Bernie Sanders supports it.
The left have been railing against this very notion for decades, declaring that "litmus tests" for SCOTUS nominees is a horrible thing....

But hey, Bernie and stuff..
Please America do one thing right and elect this man president. This man is a revolutionary leader who could move us away from this corrupt political system.  Please give him your support!
Ok, just stop. First if all stop saying "single issue litmus test" a litmus test is by definition single issue. Does a litmus test check ph balance and for color blindness? No. Second. A president has no obligation to be fair and balanced in his choice of nominees. There is absolutely nothing wrong with ensuring that candidates agree with you on specific legal interpretations before nominating them. Christ you act as if this is controversial, it is fucking basic political process. Grow up. That is what the confirmation process is for. All of the above is completely non partisan.

Now, to get a little partisan, I agree with mr. Sanders that Citizens United is the worst supreme court decision since Dredd Scott. That one decision turned this country from a democracy to an ogliarchy. It should be overturned.
Just curious, didn't some/all/one of the republican candidates say something like this about the gay marriage case?
I'm confused, why is citizens united a bad thing? 
The first amendment explicitly provides for 'the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances'.

This is the basis of the Citizens United ruling. Any group of people have the fundamental right to organize, raise money for political purposes, etc

And it's the same reason that trade unions, or any other organization, can exist, and donate and support politicians and make political speech.

Politicians, regardless of their party, are the last people who should be allowed to regulate what people can say, for any reason.
The vote for Citizens' United was 5-4 split. So it's not a very controversial point for a supreme court judge.

So basically he's saying he'd put a democratic judge on the bench. As would any democratic president (I hope!). 

This really isn't an extreme viewpoint to take, rather a minimal requirement for a liberal judge. 
If only the constitution could be held without questioning its meaning. Only with millions of people with their own perception of it is impossible. We all have our own ideas that we believe to be sacred. Balance is the key and let's hope mankind itself finds it.
here from /r/all, what is citizens united and why does Bernie want to get rid of it?
ELI5: Citizens United

(I'm British)
Wtf is citizens united?
And... here we see Socialist Bernie Sanders putting on his dictator boots. 

Hey, Mr. Sanders, your idea is **unconstitutional**. 
And this shows how Sanders is either a fucking idiot  or assumes we are and I will never vote for him 
America, elect this man
"and also because I will not be president"
Elect this man for fuck's sake.  
Every time Colonel Sanders takes a shit the "USSR" crowd posts to Reddit.  My question to the young socialists is simple; How does the Colonel plan on paying for the free Medicare, the increase in social security payments, free college tuition at all levels, the paid family medical leave fantasy, and all the other freebies?  Thanks.  
"I will not nominate anybody to the Supreme Court that supports free speech." -  Our Lord and savior. 
Way to not be biased in your nominations...
Where's the list of things Bernie promised
The Court doesn't exist to advance your political agenda, Bernie. I don't agree with the Citizen's United decision, but the Court is meant to exist outside politicization. I realize it doesn't always, but the purpose of the Court is to determine constitutionality, and that's it.
This is just pandering.
By this statement alone we should all donate to this man as he may be president and fuck the establishment up.
That would be nice
"I will not nominate any man or woman to the Supreme Court because I will never be President."    
    
Fixt
That's nice. But you have to be the president first to do so Sanders. 
How, exactly, would that work?  So he appoints a couple justices who have been "loud and clear" in saying they would vote to overturn Citizen's United.  So they get through Congress and are sitting on the court, and now they're two out of nine.  A case involving Citizen's United ends up in front of them, and so they just pull out their Cell Phones and play Angry Birds, because they've already committed to ruling a certain way on the case?

I doubt someone could be selected for jury duty if they admitted that they had already publicly committed to ruling a specific way about a certain case, but now we're supposed to accept Supreme Court justices that do that?

I can understand the reality of having justices who lean in different directions, but the idea of having justices who are already committed to ruling in specific ways seems a little...off.  I would almost expect them to recuse themselves from any cases involving Citizen's United because they already publicly committed on how they would rule.
Nice platitude that shows a naivety of how the Court works, or more likely, he's pandering to his base. 

The Supreme Court  is loathe to overturn previous court rulings anyhow, and he'd need a hellacious turnover to stack the court into revisiting such a recent ruling anytime soon.  

The best way to tackle citizens United soon is a constitutional amendment. Its a subject worthy of the process. 
What I heard,

&gt;Please control the political speech I do not agree with. I am a democratic fascist 
will someone put him out of his misery already?
Bernie Sanders is likely in favor of increased government censorship since there's so many people who are against his big government plans that he doesn't want to hear about anymore. So overturning Citizens United is up his alley. 

But if you really think about it, isn't the Trump phenomenon testament to the fact that if you really speak to an audience and give voice to what they are feeling, it doesn't really matter how much money is behind the opposition (Bush's SuperPACs etc)? Doesn't that say that if you have to throw big money behind a cause, it was never really going to succeed organically? Why do so called liberals worry so much about big money in politics when what they believe should so obviously speak to the people? Since they are afraid of big money, that must mean they are afraid their message doesn't actually resonate, and so they want to force it through. But they don't have the funds either, so they want to "level the playing field". It's all very nefarious when you get down to it.
Meanwhile, Hillary...

 \ /  Facepalm
Who gives a shit?  This idiot can't even bring himself to debate and really challenge Clinton. 
Well Bernie has officially lost any chance of getting my vote. He thinks it's ok to pick a judge only if they promise to vote the way he wants. And he wants to limit free speech for the foreseeable future by sticking a judge onto the Supreme Court, who opposed the first amendment.
"I will only nominate a Supreme Court justice who will rule something unconstitutional as constitutional."
This is why people talk about Sanders being too radical. Youre not allowed to do or say this sort of thing. That would be a huge misuse of his power to appoint Supreme Court judges.
So Bernie just committed presidential suicide. 
I hate citizens united just as much as the next guy, but does he have to explicitly continue this awful tradition of electing supreme court judges to get specific actions to be taken, instead of just electing a capable judge who is not a bought-off asshole, which should lead to the same result of that awful decision being overturned? They are in the court for their whole life!
This sounds great, but I think it's unrealistic. 

I remember the worst part of the Republican debate for me was when Ted Cruz kept saying how Justice John Roberts was a traitor for voting to uphold Obamacare. He kept promising to appoint a justice who would "always vote for conservative principles." 

I want Citizens' United overturned, but I don't think this is how it needs to be done. 
I am kind of familiar with PACs, but I wasn't too up to speed on Citizens United (color me ignorant).  So I decided to do a bit of Google-fu and typed in, "Why is citizens united" and expected a few suggestions as usual, but the only one I got was "Why is citizens united important".  I dunno about you guys, but I usually find anything political I look up on Google to lead to critical or downright cynical search suggestions.  Mildly interesting at most, but it caught me off guard.
and what about the other 8?
Words are one hell of of a drug.
Hey, a "Feel the Bern" moment on the top of /r/politics.  Who'd have thought?
With each passing day we get closer to seeing Donald Trump as president of the United States of America!
Does anyone consider why it was called *Citizens United*?
Put your hands down old man
I agree that citizens united and hobby lobby are stupid result. However, there has to be some stare decisis or the republicans are just going to pick people who will overturn roe v wade ad ogerfell.
Its like Bernie wants to lose...
So now, litmus tests are kosher?

Got it. 
You can't stop political donations. You just drive them underground. 
I believe we used to call than an "Ideological Litmus Test".
I like Bernie, but I do not like this.
The propaganda and spin on these laws is:  They just don't turn out to vote and our news people spread the lie for them. It is just poor voter turn out when they have very deliberately stopped people from voting. 
Obamacare is settled law!! 

But yet that logic does not apply to Citizens United and the 2nd amendment.

It's only settled law when it's a law the left agrees with.
Does this nigga believe a word he says it does he just flap his mouth to try and get close to media hype.  And why does reddit love this mofo and hate hill-o-ree 
I can see why he is resorting to this. Even if he is president nothing much can be done because he would have to rely on Congress to do something and we know the current Congress will not accept anything Sanders does.

edit: Not that this isn't wrong. It's just that all of the big things he can do is just executive orders if he were president. It will be very difficult for him to pass bills in congress.
This is the major reason I'm voting for Bernie. His views on corruption in government and ending the drug war are so much more important than his views on economic issues that I don't agree with as much. 





Feel the Bern
He wants the justice to rule, in advance, on a future hypothetical case of his choosing. What kind of bullshit unethical shit is this. 

Imagine if a Republican was like "I will only appoint a justice who legislates from the bench, and only appoint one who will vote to ban abortion". 

It's like Bernie doesn't even understand what the Supreme Court does. This is possibly the worst thing I've seen out of his campaign yet, wtf.


Bernie certainly is dedicated to squelching free speech. 

Why should people lose their right to publicize their opinions just because they join together as a corporation?

I'll take my answer offline in the form of, "Hurr durr, corporations are evil."
Not really related, but I found it interesting that they called him the "Independent senator from Vermont" not by his self described "Democratic Socialist" title. 
I'm not American and I don't know what Citizens United is, but if Bernie Sanders wants it overturned then...

shit, this is the danger of group-think.
I really hope it's Trump vs Bernie in the general election because I can do pretty solid impressions of both
Aaand this is one of the reasons you country will never truly be a proper civilized country. If you cannot seperate the three powers you are simply not going to progress from being anything other than a nation with a huge military.

I know Sanders means well and i agree with the wrongness of the previous precedens, but him making statements like that means he is part of the problem
Ha. From the man who has made about $17 trillion in campaign promises.  Why is this guy worried about spending?
there's a much easier way...

just make it an executive order, as a matter of national security, that congressional votes must be held by secret ballot. problem solved. now congress has the same protection against coercion/buying of votes as every other citizen.
Tomorrow's headlines: "I will not nominate... any woman to the Supreme Court" -Bernie Sanders
Looks like Bernie is jumping on the hilldog bandwagon. Can't be come up with his own ideas?
Holy shit this guy is dumb.
This has the potential to actually desubsidize the ball and chain industry.
Just keep that in mind when you're voting to confirm a Justice, since you won't be nominating anyone as Senator. 
So the ACLU is against Sanders?  Or the unions?
Bernie "Bold Move Cotton" Sanders
I just have a feeling this guy is on the war path straight to getting himself killed. 

You're gonna wake up soon and he's gonna have a "heart attack" or a "car accident" 
Sanders in a free fall and this won't help at all.

He needs to attack Hillary. 
me neither! and i'm just as likely to be nominating SCOTUS as Bernie
This doesn't matter, because he is not electable.
So Bernie's participating in sensationalist politics now. Got it.
I've said it before and I'll say it again: this guy is narrow minded.
Wow, what an unethical scumbag. 
Bernie, you're not gonna be president so quit dreaming
Don't worry Bernie, you won't be nominating anyone. Period.
aka Bernie thinks the govt should have the right to censor political speech.

Fuck Bernie Sanders.

Also just imagine the shit storm if a republican candidate said this about the ACA, they would be rightfully so skewered.
[deleted]
Big Bern must be getting his am and pm meds mixed up. Or he's just crazy if he thinks a new justice would have the sway to make the court accept a cause that would impact CU. 
This guy is literally insane.
Judges don't 'vote' - they rule based on interpretation of the law.
what for? At least right now we can see how much they are donating instead of it being under the table.
The statement is 100% true if stopped after Court.
I seriously don't see the problem with Citizen's United.  Despite lots of money being thrown at shitty candidates, they're not really getting anywhere.  That's a good sign.
updooted
So because of her husband, she's not allowed to have a career of herself? Kudos for empowering women. 
Money is not speech so I agree, Citizens United is unconstitutional. How is someone with more money allowed to have more speech than me.
Totally agree! The Koch brothers buying political ads and donating to campaigns is a microagression against me that somehow violates my safe space and oppresses my human rights.

I'm totally okay with Tom Steyer and unions doing it though.

Bernie 2016!
This is the president you need.
The demoncraps are just pissed because the lefty unions are no longer the only large donors in the political money scene.  Boo fucking hoo.
[deleted]
Just adding another comment to support Bernie.  Sorry this is not of more use.
Why does he hate the first amendment?

If he wants to get something done about money in politics, he should do it legislatively or a constitutional convention with the states, not pack the courts who are sympathetic to his cause. That's not what the founders intended.
I really wish these sites would offer a transcript. The full video is so, so hard to hear, even my husband, who has very good hearing, has a hard time understanding it. 
Or... we could just get some reasonable people into Congress and have them pass an Amendment to the Constitution to remove money from politics, establish publicly funded elections with spending caps, and codify that corporations are not people. Then we'd just need 38 states to ratify it and we'd be home free...

Why to do so would only require a 3/4 supermajority in both houses.. LoL. Who am I kidding? To get 75% of congress to agree the sky is blue you'd have to put guns to their children's heads. 
Wow why cann't the bman just use his PFM switch?
Alright guys, I'm about to sound incredibly uneducated, but what's Citizens' United? I hear thrown around a lot but i have no idea what it is, and I'd rather Reddit explain it to me (and others who may not know) than Google it. 
What are the chances that one or more judges retire by 2020? 
[Hillary said the exact same thing.](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/post-politics/wp/2015/05/14/hillary-clintons-litmus-test-for-supreme-court-nominees-a-pledge-to-overturn-citizens-united)
I can dig this. I know enough about the nit picky nature of SCOTUS to know that court rulings are often heavily changed in prominence or rendered obsolete by successive ones.
I can dig this. I know enough about the nit picky nature of SCOTUS to know that court rulings are often heavily changed in prominence or rendered obsolete by successive ones.
Hopefully this just assured that he won't get elected.
I don't know how many progressive ideas he has to say to earn the respect of more democrats. I have a bet with my girlfriend, I made 8 months ago, that Clinton will win, regardless of who wins on the republican side. Never have I wished to not win a bet to get unlimited head so bad before.
Highly unethical but this is how socialists operate. 
To paraphrase Sen. McCain, if you wanted to run against President Obama, you should have run four years ago.
God, if I was a candidate, I'd just lie nonstop.  Who's going to stop me?  Any moderator gets in my face, he's just being bribed by the liberal media conspiracy.   I can self publish all  my own tweets and stories, so I don't even need a reporter. 

Obama wants to give your jobs to gay isis refugees. 

Being Christian is a capital crime on Jan 1 2017 unless you vote for me. 

I'm going to cut all taxes by half, and close welfare queen  loopholes.   All that extra money and we'll actually add revenue, which I will spend destroying every single terrorist on Earth in my first hundred days, guaranteed. 

Vote MillCrab 2016, the only honest candidate, who isn't secretly a terrorist. 
Dang- WashPo is getting pretty damn frustrated.  I thought for sure OP edited the headline... 
I've heard it was 45 million
"Reality has a well-known liberal bias." - Stephen Colbert
Facts often get in the way of narratives. They're inconvenient that way.
I did not know about that law, that the US budget must account for a number of refugees every year. Do other nations have this law? It'd be nice if they did. Nice to know that when tragedy strikes other nations from around the world offer a safe haven for people who are hunted and afraid.
We just went through this same kind of hysteria and politicians exploiting it during their campaigns - in the last election with the Ebola scare. People really have short memories.
Can someone reconcile this article with Obamas official twitter account?

https://twitter.com/POTUS/status/648543139196743680

Is this not exactly what he said? Or is it the "and other refugees" that people are really focusing on here?
"But that's what it *feels* like!" - T. McParty (R-All)
You have more of a chance of getting murdered by the police, or a depressed, white, middle class, teenage, male in this country than by a Syrian refugee.


One thing the media seems to totally miss is these refugees aren't going to just get let in the country tomorrow.   Gaining refugee status is a drawn out process that can take up to 2 YEARS.

All those women and children from central america people were freaking out about a year or so ago?  Yeah, NONE of them have been granted refugee status yet.

the governors, POTUS candidates and others in the GOP are full of shit and freaking out to make political points.
As a foreigner looking in at GOP candidates, I can honestly say they are all either batshit crazy, or the people that they are trying to persuade are all batshit crazy.

I just feel sorry for the crowd.  I mean - if Trump said 'I think it's disgraceful that Obama plans to legalise beating up orphans' would they all seriously nod in agreement and think 'bad, evil Obama'??

It's * just * embarrassing
100,000 INCLUDING those from Syria. That means all refugees from all over the world including Syria, not JUST Syria. Not sure why simple English is so difficult. 
False statements that have no basis in fact and have also been proven wrong.

Someone call the tautology police. We have a triple offender over here!
Well, 185,000 refugees in total... this is a little misleading.
It looks like Trump won that with 250K.  I'm surprised Carson didn't pull out the nuclear option and say a million.  

https://twitter.com/POTUS/status/648543139196743680

yes, he said it but did say "and" other refugees as well. 100,000 yer year for the next two years = 200,000
If they don't want to let in Syrian refugees because of the extremely remote possibility that one of them could be a terrorist, it sounds like they want to ban guns too because of the somewhat less remote possibility someone will use them to shoot up a school.  Oh, bad people can still get guns even if they're banned?  Are terrorists incapable of coming into this country without posing as refugees?
There are over 3 million refugees who have fled Syria and another 6.5 million internally displaced.  

We abandoned these people to their fate in Syria.  We have a responsibility toward them and should be taking in at least 250,000. It's the most direct way we can alleviate the crisis without getting ourselves involved in a war - which is what ISIS wants
[deleted]
Yeah, but the right prefers faith-based facts. 
Welcome to the republican primaries, where the talking points are made up and facts don't matter. 
still sad that it is something to deny, countries like America should be proud to help as many refugees as possible.
&gt; The Republican party has stopped being a political party. It has grown into a far-right, radical insurgency.

That was a from-memory paraphrasing but the meat is there. Say what you will about Chomsky but he hit the nail right on the head with this one.
Sweden is admitting the equivalent of 60 000 refugees per day *yawn* (2 000 to our 10 million population)
Republicans notoriously rule through fear while using strong words to make it seem like strength. 

I'm no historian but I do recall an event that occurred in lower Manhattan that culminated in:

- Revocation of the 4th amendment

- A fraudulent war (Iraq), ironically one we alienated France for not supporting

- Trillions of dollars of nefarious spending to no-bid contracts in deals that are blatant conflicts of interest

It's time to put the Military Industrial Complex and Big Oil in the same category, they want war in the middle east period, and their minions will do whatever it takes to scare us into going back there. 

Now there are influential voices recommending augmenting the 1st amendment to legalize Syrian xenophobia.
We may never get the 4th back. Patriots or cowards, you can't have both. Giving up rights is part of the plan to empower the mechanisms of the Inverted Fascism agenda. The terrorist win with every civil liberty we compromise out of fear. Americans kill more Americans annually than terrorists, you tell me where the bigger problem lies.

These really aren't bad exaggerations, honestly. They even show Obama's tweet in the article where he says we will take 100,000 refugees from Syria and other countries per year for the next two years. So they won't *all* be Syrian refugees, but I'd bet the majority of them will be. 

At the very least, isn't the 100,000 figure accurate if we're talking the next two years?

And then if course there's the difference between what Obama *wants* to do and what he will *actually* do. But still.
So what you're saying is that Obama is going to let in 10 million Syrian refugees. 

Damn it Obama!
I read yesterday that we only have a 10% acceptance rate while allowing refuges into the US after all the vetting they go through. 
I heard that motherfucker had like...30 goddamn dicks. 
What the Republicans understand that the Democrats still don't is that they can lie with absolute impunity because they are effectively unopposed. Even when the Washington Post calls them out, the calling-out is bland, banal, and limp-wristed. "There is no excuse for repeated, false statements..." That's not actually calling this what it is: these people are maliciously and deliberately LYING. They are liars. They are malevolent, vicious, and vile on every level. And the mainstream media never says anything more about it than, "oh, gee, well perhaps they are mistaken."

Meanwhile, the Democratic party continues to do exactly what it has done for the last 8 years when confronted with this malevolence: not a goddamned thing.

One of these Republicans is going to be our next President. Think about that. Think about what a fucking calamity that's going to be.
&gt;"Refugees from Syria are now pouring into our great country."

This is the same hypocrite whose presidential campaign is based on convincing people that America is in yuuuuge trouble and that he's the only one who can "make America great again".



its all like a big game of telephone
Holy shit 400,000 refugees to the US?! That's insane!!!
I think what would be nice is if an organisation like politifact or similar could provide live subtitles under all major political debates, especially the main repub and demo ones.

Perhaps with a flashing 'bullshit!' logo, combined with a dunces cap overlaid over the currently speaking politician.

EDIT, hell, if that's too much work, perhaps repeated the next day, with the subtitles added when they've had time to check things.

I don't want to destroy the ability to slightly exaggerate for effect etc, but when it's clearly outright bullshit, they really should be called out on it.
Bigots are winning this one, sadly 
Doesn't the GOP know: God hates liars and Jesus disliked the billionaire class. F the GOP.
Can anyone tell me where the whole "they're only accepting muslim refugees not Christians" shit came from? My stepdad is saying that and my bullshit alarm is on fire, but i have no idea where he got it from.
Everybody gets that if something bad happens stateside, none of these stupid little "truth" checks is going to matter worth shit.
Doesn't help when the people running on the Democrat side say 65,000.   
Since when do facts matter in GOPLand?
At the bottom of the article, it clearly shows obama tweeting we're increasing the influx of refugees  from syria and elsewhere to 100,000 PER YEAR for the next two years. That's 200,000 total. Whether the majority of that is syrians or not remains to be seen. Sensational titles are sensational.


It's almost like people scour political websites for the best titled article for free karma from the bernie-sanders bandwagon that is r/politics . Even if you don't believe it or even read the article, post it if it makes republicans look bad. The upvotes pour in along with attempted snarky comments that also bid for free upvotes. The bernie sanders circlejerk and karmawhores feeding off eachother.

As someone who hasn't YET picked the least bad apple out of all the poor choices front-running for president, sifting through the bullshit on this website is exhausting.
People just want a reason to hate and really need to stop watching fox news
Is anyone asking the question: why isn't he taking in Syrian refugees?
I disagree. Their excuse is to get the votes of all the dumb fucks that love to irrationally hate Obama.
Can I ask the Americans amongst you: what is *wrong* with you people? How can politicians be blatantly lying and still not get completely discredited? They are just inventing stuff and not being dragged out of their offices covered in tar and feathers? Come on.
lmfao when are you going to learn that modern republicans dont need facts. its all about how loud you scream and how much you can scare people. if it was based on actual facts and logic the only republican left  standing would probably be rand paul.  
Obama is admitting 999,999,998 syrian refugees. 
Christ the GOP really is in a race to the bottom.
What a surprise! Republican presidential candidates telling lies. Imagine that!
   Opposition to the entire Presidency of Obama has reached a new low, when fabrication of information is standard behavior by the GOP- all the GOP, no outliers aka honest politicians....and they have created a group of really stupid followers.   
Why do they award candidates lying a cartoonish metaphor? Just call them liars. It's more to the point and doesn't soften the blow.
A tweet from the President on Sept 28th:

"We're also increasing the number of Syrian and other refugees we admit to the U.S. to 100,000 per year for the next two years."

Now, that is not exactly the same as what these candidates claim, but in light of that statement I don't think anything they are saying is an outlandish misrepresentation.  
I think the rumor stems from Obama saying we would take 100,000 by 2018 or something like that. This gives way for these exaggerated statements. 
Except Obama's own words is admitting 100,00 over the next 2 years. If you guys are having to lie and twist reality so badly do you think it might be a small indication you are on the wrong side?
It doesn't matter "liberal media" "gotcha questions" "Jesus, freedom, America"
Not sure why anyone would be shocked by this. This is the same political party that wanted and tried to blame Obama for the Ebola outbreak in West Africa. As if the ebola virus was a result of is leadership. They don't deal in realty.
I'd be more up for a trade deal.

We give ISIS Caitlin Jenner and the Kardashians, for 100,000 Syrians.

That sort of arrangement would be win-win.
I don't understand this post.  Obama tweeted [this](https://twitter.com/POTUS/status/648543139196743680) which literally says:
&gt;We're also increasing the number of Syrian and other refugees we admit to the U.S. to 100,000 per year for the next two years.

I don't understand why the Washington post is saying these statements are false and have no basis in fact.  They're based on Obama's tweet, which I feel is a reasonable thing to base the 100k and 200k numbers on.  What am I missing?
They are using the numbers they believe. The numbers from the biblical account of Obama letting in refugees. 
But but...Hussein. 
The 250K number cited by Trump originated in a satirical online news outlet.
I love reading r/Politics. It's a case study on why the voting age should be raised to 30.
All those numbers are to low. If US is going to take an equal responsibility as  sweden and germany who take in the most syrians USA need to take 1,5-3 Million syrians.
The GOP does nothing but lie. It's what they do best.
Wow, reading through these comments makes me realize that the far left liberals are just as delusional as the far right conservatives. Complaining how people are calling Obama names and then turning around and saying those people have stupid political opinions. It's the pot calling the kettle black. How about you think for yourselves and not align yourselves to any party, because neither party gives a shit about 99% of you in this thread. This is what is wrong with the country; there are very few moderates now, just a bunch of people who want to throw fire at each other.
Lies are truth.  Slavery is freedom.  Ignorance is knowledge.  Did no one tell the modern-day GOP that Orwell's novel "1984" was supposed to be a dystopian scare piece, not an instruction manual for how they should rule America?
Obama is not admitting 100,000, 200,000 or 250,000 Syrian refugees "There is no excuse for repeated, false statements that have no basis in fact – and have been proven wrong. These candidates each earn Four Pinocchios."
And now the Washington Post will feel obligated to give a Democrat 4 Pinocchios for a far less egregious situation...for balance.
Why not admit zero refugees since we take so many refugees from other countries to the point this country is overpopulated I mean didn't Obama say that ISIL/ISIS is already contained
Not sure why we're talking about taking in refugees at all and giving them free housing/food/money when we have veterans and a bunch of homeless living on the streets. Can't even help our own but help others. 
Sweden is admitting 200,000 refugees. You might want to help out a bit.
Literally the first I've ever heard of these numbers.  Naturally it's at r/politics.
Of course Obama is scrambling so hard to defend the influx of Syrian refugees, how else are the Democrats going to get all the votes they need in 2016? Voter fraud can't cover it all especially when so many states are passing additional ID requirements.
Doesn't really matter if it's 10,000 or 100,000 to those that think it should be 0.
taking in any refugees when you have veterans that need benefits, or infrastructure problems that need addressing, among many other problems, is nonsense.

it isnt xenophobic, take care of your own first.  THEN worry about other people.
[deleted]
I don't understand why the republican party continues to tolerate this buffoonery from their top candidates. 
What does it matter if it's 100,000 or 250,000 if there is no terrorism risk?  The reason it matters is because there IS a terrorism risk.  There is a unique threat to allowing hundreds of thousands of Muslims to come to our country.  
"repeat after me"...

sounds about right...
It's too late, I've already seen people use this as reinforcement for why we need The Wall.
But, but Obama's a Muslim, terrorist supporting, dictator from Kenya. Don't you listen to Fox news!? He wants to take in all the refugees and deport all the white people, just you wait. He's gonna get a third term I tell ya! 
America should be taking in far more than 250,000 refugees. In fact, considering who created this mess in the middle east, we here in Europe should ship every single refugee over. Maybe a couple to Britain as well.
Obama should man up and announce were going to accept 100k + Syrian refugees, because it's the right thing to do.
&gt;“It is our moral duty, as a nation founded on the principles of equality and freedom, to do what we can to assist our brethren who are in desperate turmoil, and are searching for the slightest gesture of goodwill,” wrote 72 Democrats from the US House of Representatives in a letter to the administration on Friday, according to the Hill.

&gt;Lawmakers said the country could easily support the resettlement of as many as 130,000 Syrian refugees, a figure 10 times that proposed by the White House earlier this week.

&gt;The letter was spearheaded by Representative David Cicilline (D-Rhode Island).

&gt;“The United States is home to 320 million people,” lawmakers wrote. “Allowing an additional 130,000 refugees into our country would make up less than a quarter of one percent of our population.”





Pinocchios sounds dumb. Why not just call them liars?
Didn't know I was being cloned. What the hell ... ?
That title hurts my brain.
Too bad lying and liars are particularly in vogue this election cycle. The bigger, outrageous and more boisterous the claim, the better it sells to primary voters. 
But, don't we want to admit refugees?
Remember: http://www.ushmm.org/wlc/en/article.php?ModuleId=10005267
It's just a few zeros, and we all know zero equals null! 

/s
If we took in 100,000 people, then adjusting 8x for the number of refugees and 4x for the national population... Germany is still taking about 30x more than we would be.
I just wish all the fucktards that like those candidates would pull their heads out of their collective asses and get a fresh dose of reality.
Man, they better step up their Pinocchio game if they wanna keep up with the ruling party.
All in a day's work for vote hungry, stat twisting candidates.
*nor 
But but all the FB posts... 
Right, he's letting 10,000 in.

Letting 10,000 Syrian refugees in during a situation like this is like deadlifting an empty bar.  You can't even call it a token effort.
So 300,000?
SOON
You're not the boss of me. 
Hey Rand Paul's name finally got mentioned by the press
Bob Ross 2016
The problem is that lying pays off big for Republicans. Even when GOP base followers know their candidates are lying to them, they continue to support them because base Republican followers understand lying is a valuable tool to manipulate public opinion. Anyone who has listened approvingly to Rush Limbaugh for more than an hour appreciates the value of bald faced lying.
I am not the biggest Obama fan, hell I think he has done a lot of stupid shit while in office, but this is just ridicules. 
You're being dishonest again. How many will end up here? 200K+ by the time he leaves office. Do you still stand by the above? Who's the habitual Pinocchio- huh?
But so what if he is, you are a country of almost 400 million, you can handle 100,000 more spread throughout the US
Obama, deliberately, opens himself to attack because almost everything he does is done under the shroud of secrecy, distortion, manipulation and deceit. This keeps the focus on him and lets the status quo lumber along in the shadows. Obama, supported by his faithful, semi-intelligent puppy, Jean-Fracois Kerry, has publicly stated an intent to bring as many as 100,000 refugees to the US with a goal of 10,000 over the next year, about 27/day. As Obama distorts and politicizes issues in his statements, Repbulicans will do the same. They can get away with it because of the lack of transparency in the process surrounding Obama's immigration practice. I say practice, because policy would suggest that there is some legal merit behind what he has done over the last 7 years. 
Oh but Washington Post repeating lies is a much better distraction from our real problems.  

The people must be made to forget that even full time workers can't feed and house their families yet are being told they must also save for their retirement and pay for education and pay tax money for profits instead of health care. 
Whatever the number is, it's hurting democrats politically, badly.
Hillary was leading all Republican candidates last month. I just saw some recent polls this week and she's trailing at least 4 of them by 10 points or more, including Trump.
Still taking too many.
People keep forgetting that the Boston Marathon bombers were also vetted refugees. These people from Syria don't necessarily agree with our ideas of freedom especially about religion, and all it takes is one or two from all the thousands that come into the country that end up disliking what they see in the USA to execute another Boston Marathon-like bombing. Also, I still haven't heard a valid reason why we have to bring them to the USA and not provide help for them while they are still abroad.
&gt; “If we’re going to be bringing 200,000 people over here from that region — if I were one of the leaders of the global jihadist movement and I didn’t infiltrate that group of people with my people, that would be almost **malpractice.”** - Ben Carson

I may not like him, but that admittedly kinda funny, Doc.
So, seeing how everyone is confused as fuck about this, why doesn't our fearless leader go on tv, and fucking explain this whole thing to everyone so we can all be on the same goddamn page!
I'm so sick of the back and forth between everyone. This is so stupid.
Secretary of State John Kerry said that the United States was prepared to boost the number of total refugees accepted from around the world in fiscal 2016, from 70,000 to 85,000. Then, in 2017, Kerry said that 100,000 would be accepted.

So yeah 100,000. 10,000 is also way too much.
Its going to be much more actually

John Kerry:  U.S. Will Take 100,000 Refugees A Year By 2017

http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2015/09/20/442039912/kerry-u-s-will-take-100-000-refugees-by-2017

We are gradually ramping up importing of refugees. 

So.. at least 10k this year

..80k in 2016

...100k in 2017

That is at least 190 thousand ''refugees''.

I think the Washington Post needs several Pinocchios.
How many refugees ARE being planned on coming to the US?
Question: If Obama had his way, would he want 100K, 200K, 250K refugees or not? I'm asking a sincere question.
If Republicans don't lie, they won't have anything to say. 
Both parties lie, Liberals lie, Conservatives lie. If you think that any one party or organization has a monopoly on lying then you an idiot.


From Obama's twitter: https://twitter.com/POTUS/status/648543139196743680?ref_src=twsrc^tfw

"We're also increasing the number of Syrian and other refugees we admit to the U.S. to 100,000 per year for the next two years."

And the plan was to increase this year's refugee count from 10,000 to 50-65k.

i.e.

250,000


Friendly reminder that it only takes 5-6 people with guns to kill 100+ people. Obama is a moron. Now is not the time to have bleeding hearts for these refugees. This mass migration is Christmas for the bad guys. Anyone that says otherwise needs to reassess the situation and use common sense. Obama uses the strategy of the liberal cucked European media and attacks the morals of anyone who has security concerns about the migration. Look where that strategy got them in Paris. There is a difference between RADICAL ISLAM and MODERATE ISLAM. A radical muslim wants to kill you, but a moderate muslim wants a radical muslim to kill you  
I think we should all loudly request that one of the coming Republican debates be hosted by Politifact. The only reason they can continue to get away with this is because they live in an echo chamber where nobody of consequence wants to challenge them, and CNBC bungled their attempt so badly nobody will *want* to try for the rest of the campaign season.
strawman. again reddit posts rebuttals to supposed points no one had really heard about. 
Oh?

[Texas border today](http://www.nbcdfw.com/news/local/Syrians-Arrested-Trying-to-Cross-Texas-Border-Report-351721471.html)

[Lousiana 2 days ago]
(http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2015/11/breaking-syrian-refugee-already-missing-in-louisiana/)

[Future Plans](http://www.businessinsider.com/afp-how-the-us-plans-to-welcome-10000-syrian-refugees-2015-9)

They will most likely dump 100,000+ 'refuges' in different States, Mexico, and Central America.  When local law enforcement starts turning them back, it will be made into some big humanitarian thing about how bad the Republicans are.. Etc. Etc..  

This is just within the past few days.  You should probably keep your eyes open, and don't fall for this blind PC SJW bullcrap.  
250,000 refugees would be something like 0.0007 percent of the population.

**Edit: 0.07%. I forgot a step.**
That's too bad. People are suffering and need help. I say we let in 500,000.
There is no consequence for repeated, falste statements that have no basis in fact - and have been proven wrong.  Why would they stop?
Hmm... Pushing a political agenda through fear...

That tact**I**c **S**ounds famil**I**ar, but I can't quite **S**ingle it out.
I mean, lets not pretend like the Obama administration doesn't lie about a bunch of stuff...
&gt; There is no excuse for repeated, false statements that have no basis in fact – and have been proven wrong.

Yes there is, it wins you votes. The whole field of GOP candidates has been doing it for month and it works. You'd be a pretty useless politician if you didn't want to be elected. So can you really fault them for lying? Fault the system by all means but they are just playing their role.
If the republicans told the truth about their policies, their platform and the history of their activities not only would no one vote for them, they would (should) be arrested for treason.
Hmm maybe, JUST MAYBE, this quote from the article shows that many people and not just the Repub candidates are misinformed?

&gt;We initially thought Sen. Rand Paul might qualify for scrutiny as well, since he told reporters in Florida on Nov. 14 that “I would not admit 200,000 people from Syria.” But a check of the audio found that he was responding to a question from an uninformed reporter who flatly stated that the administration had agreed to admit 200,000 from Syria.)

Then my favorite quote from the 'FACTS' portion
&gt;That adds up to 185,000 over two years. But this would be the total number of refugees, not the number of refugees from Syria.

Hmm.. seems like MAYBE the candidates rounded up? I dunno... just thinking.
Sure.  More eventual Obama or Clinton voters.  Let them all in.  We don't need any background checks.
this is just what you get with the Washington post
Something makes me think that these guys care more about not admitting refugees rather than become president.
lol read the comment section of that website. it tells you all you need to know about how futile "truth" actually is. 
The media are to blame 100% for this. The words wrong, mistaken or even liar appears to have been removed from their lexicon.
Has someone debunked (I'm assuming it isn't true) the stuff about all the refugees being males 18-40 and looking "like an army"?
Meanwhile in Sweden...
Islamophobia is a disease that has infected this country too long and needs to stop
Fear mongering based on current events and bigotry seem like a pretty tried and true tactic.   Has that changed?
Fuck it. Sometimes we have to throw caution to the wind and risk the lives of our citizenry for the sake of being PC bro. Better sorry than safe! Yes We Can!   
The problem I have with this headline isn't that it's trying to debunk a lie. It's the tacit agreement that admitting a lot of desperate and dying refugees from one particular war torn nation is somehow bad. So we need to mitigate our compassion with a little bit of prejudice so we don't piss off the more racist elements of our nation.

Let's be clear, here. This nation is war torn as a direct consequence of over a decade of US foreign policy. Other Western nations, including ones that did not want to participate in our failed and practically illegal and aggressive attempts at destabilizing the region, have taken in as many if not more while feeling the deadly blowback of our Middle Eastern misadventures.

So, yes, this is a lie. But no, it's not inherently bad. And neither is it understood to be a bad thing. The clear response should be, no, Obama isn't letting in 250,000 refugees. But why are we not?
He literally tweeted that he is letting in 200000 refugees ....its right here :

Check out @POTUS's Tweet: https://twitter.com/POTUS/status/648543139196743680?s=09
Repeat after me: Democrats love making up false scenarios and then taking the moral high ground.  Attacking a strawman is weak and ineffectual.
I love how the hivemind here are Obama's puppets. 
And they don't care.  And the voters don't care.  This is not an issue where facts win the day.  This is purely an issue of emotion.  Fear drives the bus in this argument.  When people are afraid, they will vote for the person who says "I won't let the bad man hurt you."  Not the person who says "That unfamiliar man isn't bad."
Yawn 
Your media is so crap. It should know the facts and call out these people. It's terrible with this tradition of left wing media calling out right wing politicians and vice versa.
Only widows and orphans....no terrorists here.......
Once again, there needs to be actual repercussions from flat out lying in politics.
Same user, same source, day in and day out. Bunch of sheep. Enjoy that undefault.
This subreddit is toxic.
I still don't understand how people can trust these candidates (along with Hillary Clinton, although to a lesser extent) with the future of our country. They spew pure, unadulterated bullshit, refuse to give actual answers to questions, and contradict themselves regularly.
The knee jerk fear reaction is hilarious. 
the only reason he doesnt is because we ride his ass

if it was up to a pure left wing government, we would be germany now with refugee camps
Hold on a minute.  Buried at the bottom of this article is Obama's tweet about bringing in 100k refugees per year for the next two years.  Shouldn't we be handing out liar certificates to him as well?
If your a republican,  you know for a fact that MILLIONS are here and doubling every second.  By this evening, there will be billions in the U.S. Alone.   There gonna take all ur free dumb !
Except the United States did admit about 100,000 Syrian refugees last week under Obama rule.  He may not have personally done it, but he allowed it.
Just the tip America, you can trust daddy Barack.
RIP Charlie Sheen
[deleted]
Does the President actually have the direct power to accept refugees without Congressional approval?
Saw this on my Facebook newsfeed today:

"You do not lock the front door of your house because you hate the people outside. You lock it because you love the people inside."
When Europe blocks refugees it's a great justice and received positively by reddit. When America does it Republicans are literally the scum of the earth.
That's right. Instead he's mass-murdering 100,000, 200,000 or 250,000 hapless Syrians, with his imperialist foreign policy of trying to overthrow the Assad regime.
This headline can't be right.  It doesn't have the world "Sanders" *anywhere in it.*
Well I learned from Facebook that if you have a bag of grapes and 2 of them are raisins, then you shouldn't let any Syrian refugees in, or something like that
He isn't, but he should.
Yeah, Jordan, Pakistan, Turkey and Europe are taking in __millions__ of refugees. But in the USA there is a heated discussion about taking in 10.000 people.

Remind me, who started the war on terrorism and __failed__ at it? Shouldn't that country take in at least it's fair share?
American politics is disgusting.
Four Pinocchios? Oh no?

What do liberals earn? 4 downy ignorant badges?
Why not? Every other country has stepped up. Obama should not be using terrorism scares to ratchet down the number of refugees accepted.
Well, he should. If Germany alone can handle well over 800k, so should the US. But that isn't a popular opinion I suppose. 
Holy shit, /r/politics. Directly from the article:

&gt; That adds up to 185,000 over two years. But this would be the total number of refugees, not the number of refugees from Syria.

It literally is almost 200,000. What the hell is everyone smoking????
It should be 0 refugees.
As a point of fact, when you include Iraqi refugees already resettled in the United States, since the Iraq war, the number will be about 100,000, and will likely grow. As to how many are military aged males I have no idea. 

EDIT [source](http://www.uscis.gov/humanitarian/refugees-asylum/refugees/iraqi-refugee-processing-fact-sheet)
Wouldn't call this massive lies or false statements. I don't think the American people as a whole want any Syrian Refugees. 10,000 or 200,000 or even 1.
Marwan al-Shehhi, non-resident

Fayez Banihammad, non-resident

Mohand al-Shehri, non-resident 

Hamza al-Ghamdi, non-resident

Ahmed al-Ghamdi, non-resident
 
Hani Hanjour, non-resident 

Khalid al-Mihdhar, non-resident 

Majed Moqed, non-resident 

Nawaf al-Hazmi, non-resident 

Salem al-Hazmi, non-resident 

Ziad Jarrah, non-resident

Ahmed al-Haznawi, non-resident

Ahmed al-Nami, non-resident

Saeed al-Ghamdi, non-resident

Mohamed Atta, non-resident 

Abdulaziz al-Omari, non-resident 

Wail al-Shehri, non-resident

Waleed al-Shehri, non-resident

Satam al-Suqami, non-resident 

Doesn't matter. We all know he hates this country and will do anything he can to bring it to its knees. 
Right but he already committed to bringing in 10,000.  Let's not pretend that's a bright idea...

We have our own homeless on the street and we're going to spend tax payer money on Syrian refugees who could potentially be infiltrated by ISIS? lol, that's rich!

We deserve any terrorist attack we get if we bring in the refugees
They're Republicans, they lie, nothing new here.
Repeat after me, "If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor.  I will close Guantanamo Bay.  The attack was caused by a video.  I will take on Wall Street crooks and special interests.  Al Quaeda is defeated.  ISIS is contained."  

You get the idea
Liberals love tweaking, but can't take being tweaked.  
People just rightly see it for the fraud it is. Obama did NOTHING while tens of thousands of Christians were being slaughtered in Syria and Iraq, with tens of thousands applying for asylum and all of them being denied. Off the top of my head, I believe a grand total of 60 Christians were granted asylum from that part of the world, as opposed to thousands of Muslims. So Obama clearly only cares about Muslims, and doesn't give a stinking rat far about actual refugees. 

And this is also all happening right after another massive Muslim killstreak in Europe, and with the FBI admitting there is no way to screen these people, nobody wants to take the chance. But don't think the liberals haven't tried every single trick in the book. They appealed to emotionalism, they appealed to Christianity (top kek, since they hate it), they appealed to claims of racism, and now their most recent meme explanation for why we need to take on unlimited Islamic immigration is that if we don't do it then the refugees will get really really mad and become "radicalized" and kill us. So they're de facto admitting all Muslims are about five seconds away from becoming terrorists at any given moment. 

If liberals exercised any, ANY actual cognizance on this subject, they would realize how wrong they are. The problem with them is they're all cultists and Marxists (I guess you could call them the Cult of Marx?) who drank the Koolaid they've been pushing on everyone else and have lost all objectivity. They genuinely believe it is "racist" that we don't put our own citizens at risk for murder. 

Well, people have snapped out of the trance. If that's the kind of moralizing the Left wants us all to do, that cold-blooded calculus where our own people's lives are forfeit for some nebulous, ill-defined higher goal called multiculturalism, then its clearly the Left that's in the wrong. 

Hate to say it, but nobody wants America to become like Europe.
Take the lies out of American politics and what remains?
Bookmark this for when you hear the arguments "well why don't we help the 9/11 first responders first, and THEN we can help refugees."

The GOP votes against Veteran Benefits, Social Safety Net Programs, First Responders and then points to the US not taking care of them as a reason why we can't help other needy people.  Its a joke.
GOP: "Support America's Heroes!"

Heroes: "Great, thanks.  We could really use some healthcare because of all the problems we encountered after responding to 9/11."

GOP:  "New phone. WHO DIS?"
It probably didn't help that this was tied to a transportation bill.  Sacrificial lamb is what it was.  Hopefully it gets its own bill soon.  

This is the same issue that was used as leverage in late 2010 to get the democrats to pass extending the bush tax cuts for the wealthy.  

The republicans threatened to block it then unless the over class got its tax break
Playing devil's advocate: what the fuck is funding for a benefits program doing in a highway infrastructure bill?
Nice clickbait trash article.

Trump 2016
[Here's](http://www.nydailynews.com/news/politics/zadroga-act-reauthorization-left-new-bill-article-1.2451730) the actual report not the union fluff piece.

Looks like both sides are pointing the fingers at each other so just business as usual in the senate.
I'd be curious to see what else was attached to this bill. It is usually a tactic to connect universally accepted legislation to more controversial legislation. It is a win win for the political party introducing the legislation, because they either get what they want or get to demonize the other party/politician that doesn't support it.
Fuck this guy.
Then people wonder why the GOP gets shit on. You hear on TV that they want to help our own first. What happened to that? Guess they forgot.
I'm a liberal democrat, but I don't think McConnell is being as nefarious as this title portrays. 

From [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/why-health-bill-9-11-first-responders-stuck-congress-n460911): "House Judiciary Chairman Rep. Bob Goodlatte, R-Va., pushing changes to the victims' compensation component of the legislation. He wants a five-year re-authorization that allocate money for the 9/11 fund as well as provide money for victims of state-sponsored terrorist attacks that aren't related to 9/11". 

It sounds like both sides are agreeing to give 9/11 First Responders health care, but that Republicans want victims of terrorism to be included as well. However, I agree with the Democrats that the bill should be permanent rather than requiring a 5-year authorization and another debate down the road. 
Christ, what an asshole.
Simple. If you don't like this guy's behavior, and happen to be in his jurisdiction, don't vote for him. Next proceed to  tell everyone you can why you feel that way via social media, office conversations, etc.  If he becomes unpopular enough,  he can't win, and even the biggest backers won't matter,  he will fade away. (In reality he probably has several consulting jobs already lined up with constituent companies so he will be fine) 


Our only power is the vote and the influence we can have on our peers towards electing the best candidates. It's time to vote for politicians that simply do the right thing and for us to vote them in


This man makes me sad to say that I'm from the USA, more over that I hail from the great state of Kentucky. No longer can we stand for career politicians who want to turn young generations into a war machine and leave them high and dry, and unsupported when they return to the land that they love and willing want to protect. No more. 
As a consolation prize we'll just send them each a little flag pin they can wear on their lapels. That should take care of it.
Talk about punchable faces, yeek.
That fucking turtle deserves a heart attack (or few)
WTF!!! How the hell does the GOP keep getting votes? They are awful and as anti-American as it gets.
So what were we supposed to Never Forget again?  

Don't worry, /r/politics, we conservatives hate McConnell too.
what a douche. The Health Care industry must be putting a lot of money in his pocket
We will never forget (was apparently only half a sentence for these guys...the other half being) until it's time to help pay their medical bills.  
republicans always have enough money when it comes to wars and tax cuts for 0.1%
More and more the GOP just seems to be Hydra level evil. 
Let's change the name of McConnell for Obama let's see how much outcry will be then.
"Obama blocks health care fr 9/11 First Responders"
Their circular logic has led them so far up their own asses.
"Support the troops" only applies as long as they are troops...

Once they retire, they are civilians and can be treated like the rest of the unwashed masses....
This is the issue I have with politics. This bill was introduced within a new highway bill. What does highways and transportation have to do with this? Why can't bills be about one subject?
What is his justification for this, even? Like, what does he tell people when they ask him why he did this? I just don't understand. 
[relevant](http://images.universityherald.com/data/images/full/9707/poop.jpg?w=600)
This is such a knee-jerk emotional heartstrings thread. 
were there any riders attached to the bill that would cause him to block it?
If we had full universal healthcare this wouldn't be an issue. 
Was he wearing his flag pin though? Because that's how you tell if he's patriotic. No need to ensure first responders to our worst attack ever get the care they need, as long as you don the stars and stripes.  
/s
What a horrible human being.
America. A country that will start an illegal war over the outrage of that attack. Yet won't even support its own people who suffer from it. 
Let's call a vote to block his urethra next.
I swear it is like the gop has a contest going too see who can come up with how to be biggest scumbag. There is probably a big white board somewhere that they keep track on.
The GOP also blocked veteran care a few years back because it was supposed to be funded by closing corporate tax loopholes. 
In Other News: Construction began today on a new, **much** deeper level of hell. Project Manager Beelzebubba was quoted as saying, "With so many members of Congress that are going to wind up here, we were simply not going to have enough room."
It's sad that this is even something qualifying as "news." Republicans have a long history of denying any kind of benefit to Americans be it Veterans or Cops and Fireman... or just Americans. It's Deny first and Equivocate later. 

The fact that so many conservatives are convinced that Republicans still advocate on behalf of anyone but the wealthy is the only reason something like this is newsworthy. Otherwise it would simply be "another Wednesday with Republicans."
Hey guys, let's make sure we upvote the article when he does allow the James Zadroga 9/11 Health and Compensation Reauthorization Act to be voted on. All he did was take it out of an unrelated highway bill, it'll probably be reintroduced in a more related bill. Paul Ryan and most Senators have overwhelming support for this. 
How come Republicans do not care about anyone?
The 9/11 first responders are Americas first veterans of the "War on Terror". Instead of periodically renewing health care for them or not, we should grant them VA vet status to reflect their service and sacrifice. They earned it.
Lol.

Anybody care to explain why such a bill needed to be crammed into the existing Highway Bill? No? 

Anybody bother to mention that the Zadroga Act will go the omnibus tax extender bill coming this week? No?

Okay, let's just manufacture some outrage over a bogus headline then...
what a 💩🐢
As a Firefighter from NY this just drives me off the wall. Best part is all my brothers are die hard Republican Trump followers.... Sad...
Well [Republicans] (http://i.imgur.com/ImFBeID.gifv) will do what republicans do. People have get out and vote for this nonsense to end.
This is a big, shameful scandal that few people (except for Rachel Maddow) have been talking about, but it's been an issue for a long time. Jon Stewart had to take up a personal banner on the subject just to get the 9/11 responders funded the last time this legislation was being stalled.

Still, I'm confused. **Could someone ELI5 to me** ... all we ever hear is that the GOP-controlled house *WON'T* bring it to a vote. I never hear the "why" behind that, but there's got to be one.

Is it about a stubborn desire to block anything and everything that the Democrats want to do, regardless of the content of it? Is it about not wanting to give the other side credit for anything at all, even in a bipartisan way?

What's the point in dragging your feet on something so cut and dried?
Oy vey..!


We'll never hear the end of this one.  
Here's the actual article instead of a fluff piece. my comment on the continent accept no substitutes!
I think most of us are aware of that 10% to accept, another bunch from the trailer hitch so he can finally claim to have bipartisan support.
I can't be the only one who feels like I need to take a shower just from seeing a picture of this assclown...
/r/gogopgo
Shit. Jon Stewart retires and this is what happens.
I think this guys a piece of shit too, but can some one explain what his line of thinking is? This is bad politics, so I'm sure he is communicating some reason for doing this.
Republicans - they may be racist, homophobic, hypocritical, war mongering oligarchs who deny science but at least they care about veterans and first responders!
Millions spent training, equipping, deploying, strategising, promoting, idolising and ego boosting to get the best out of people in the interests of a nation. The absolute premium quality from every one, and once the juice is exhausted, the empty husk is simply thrown away. 

Comoddities. 

Little toy soldiers doing *our* bidding. 

Honour, service rewarded with care. 

How much the cost? Are we kidding? 

We can train many more, you are aware? 

Don't break, little soldiers. In times like these, 

We cannot spare other, comoddities. 



Can we see who else voted for and and against this?
Doucher
I think FOOLS says it best. 

Fuck the mutts. Protect the Brothers.
That is a really good picture of him

Is he doing it because there are all kinds of crazy-ass, unrelated amendments and earmarks and all that tacked onto this piece of legislation? Legit question. 
What is the reason that the GOP constantly seems to go against the interests of the vets? Isn't that a huge pool of their support? I don't understand. There has to be some reasoning behind this sort of thing. Aren't all the republican candidates campaigning for VA reform???
no one knows who the fuck McConnell is just say turtle man and every1 will know /r/titlegore
Another old white fat turkey-neck greedy fucking republican. Big surprise. 
Someone actually has to have that man's penis inside of them
WHY
Is he blocking the hi way bill because of the first responders part?  If not, they shouldn't have used that headline.  Hell, the first responder care part shouldn't be in a highway bill.   Why don't they just do the first responder part on its own?  That would pass on its own no problem. 
I'm gonna guess that someone tacked something onto this bill that made people shoot it down
This is so alien assholish, i just can't understand how him/they don't get punched. 

Like isn't it alot of people needed to be involved to pull something like this? Or can one person just decide this? 

If the former it makes the argument people use vs consperacy theorys that someone always spills the bens wrong imho.
Here's an article that was a post in r/blackpeopletwitter just like this is r/politics, what do you expect?
What a Prince of a man
Someone turn that crotchety old pile of crap into turtle soup please.
When conservatives bemoan how we can possibly take in refugees when we can't take care of veterans - well, here is a perfect example of why. The politicians you elect can't be bothered.
The fact that so many of the NRA from within.
I miss Jon Stewart's McConnell impression
Douche nozzle.
For the price of two months of war ran about 10 billion dollars.
Does this mean we're going to have to bring Jon Stewart back to the Daily Show for an episode to shame these guys (AGAIN) into passing this?
Trump will get McConnell. 
Yeah there might be a part of the people who believe it is gonna be that guy that's gonna remind you that there are exceptions to the coal industry in KY?
The parties are exactly the same though!
He really does have one of the most punchable faces of any politician and that's saying something
I thought maybe there was some kind of amendment added to the bill for something totally unrelated or something else that would prompt someone to not want to support it despite the name.

Nope, here's the full text

https://www.congress.gov/bill/114th-congress/house-bill/1786/text
Disgusting! Just like when the GOP blocked the Veteran's spending bill. 
That's a shame. What if we gave turtleface a peanut?
not to be captain obvious, but I strongly doubt any republicans would oppose this if it weren't for their campaign contributions.  overturn citizens united!
Is just another traitor to the Republic
As a former Long Islander and life long New Yorker who grew up with so many friends who had fathers, uncles and brothers in the FDNY that were first responders, I really hope these establishment Republicans get fucked over when Trump becomes the nominee.
Like most of congress this guy is just a career criminal.
And just so everyone knows, this isn't the first time the Republican party has block funding for healthcare for the people willing to rush into burning buildings to save people they don't even know on 9/11.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_Zadroga#James_Zadroga_Act
My understanding of it is that people wanted to rush to have 9/11 healthcare included in the highway bill and McConnell wanted to push it through the Senate using regular order to make sure it is completely paid for.
Not surprising. Republicans have always been against spending over just about anything. Even back during the first 3 years of the Great Depression, Herbert Hoover was reluctant to do anything of note and ridiculously said it would eventually fix itself. Go figure a democrat had to come along and alleviate the horrific circumstances of that day although FDR didn't push hard enough to completely get the nation out. It took WWII to do that by causing a much larger increase in federal spending to fix the economy. It's always the same story with republicans though. It doesn't matter if it's 2015 or if it's 1932.
Sometime someplace comedian James Adomian called Mitch McConnell "a dough-faced fascist"
Mitch McConnell is the literally the worst person in the United States...and this has been going for 30 years. Why is this guy still doing this crap is mind boggling. Corruption and partisan politics. People who keep electing this asshole are to blame and kentucky should be ashamed
Yeah, same "support the troops" bravado goons who do squat for our wounded veterans.  
Mitch the Bitch at it again.

It is not our fault, Mr. McConnell, that you look like a turtle. Stop taking your anger out on Americans.
Some people are true heroes of America... September 11^th first responders, Coast Guard personnel saving people in some of the worst weather conditions imaginable, National Guard personnel bringing warmth and safety to natural disaster victims...

then there's mcconnell... remf deluxe
Mitch McConnell, if you absolutely, positively need the biggest asshole on the continent: accept no substitutes!
what a prick.
These people are monsters. 
The GOP seems to be really good (and shockingly consistent) with fucking people over except for the 0.01%.
Propuh coont this one.
Fuck this turtle faced fucker. 
If this jerk has as stroke I hope all the EMT's know who he is and prolong it.
Thank you voters of Kentucky who continue to elect this guy. Not only ishe against your own interests, doesn't support 9/11 first responders- but he also can't govern
Why is this turtle a United States Senator? 
Partisan bullshit from the left. Any self-respecting voter should read the fucking article. http://www.nydailynews.com/news/politics/zadroga-act-reauthorization-left-new-bill-article-1.2451730 
I asked before and I'll ask again -- what is the difference between the 9/11 first responders and any other first responders 14 years after it has happened?

Seriously - they fight fires, deal with toxins, deal with injured, dying and dead people every day.  THESE first responders have been given special consideration for 14 years.  

So why is this any kind of big deal?
I am sure there are exceptions to the rule, but these types of sensationalist headlines end up misrepresenting what's going on with the bills. All too often, bills are held back because there are too many things added to them. They are bloated and need to be trimmed or remade. It looks like that is the case here. It's not that McConnell does not want health care for 9/11 first responders; it's that he does not want that particular spending to be a part of this particular bill.
The fucking tortoise strikes again!  Throw his ass out!
Oh my god, this weird turtle man needs to GO AWAY.
I wonder if someone will murder him.
Sometimes I'm skeptical. I'll see articles like this and believe them, but no matter who they're calling out whenever it's a blatantly beneficial bill being shot down I wonder what else was attached to it, much like how they shoehorn in completely unrelated and substantive legislation with mandatory mundane bills like budgets.
Hopefully Kentucky finally grows a brain and elects someone else over this guy to office. I'm not optimistic though. 
What the fuck is this guy's problem?
A good chunk of Republicans don't even like you. Please leave.
So he's a prick. End of discussion.
First of all Mitch the bitch is probably one of the single dumbest fucking people alive, let alone in congress.  Second, why hasn't this guy been shot by a pissed off American yet, or at least banned from running for any government office ever again?

I swear to god Republicans are fucking idiots, and Democrats want to regulate basically everything and turn the US into Affirmative Action on steroids.
You guys need a revolution. Lynch all the fucking republicans !!! 
#FirstResponderLivesMatter. Not.
Is there any way to get a source on this that isn't totally in the bag for McConnell's opponents? Seriously, since when did the AFL-CIO even get a news arm?
- James Zadroga 9/11 Health and Compensation Reauthorization Act introduced with tons of pork barrel rider clauses.

- McConnell rejects bill for being laden with special interests completely unrelated to 9/11 first responders.

- Headline: MCCONNELL IS LITERALLY HITLER!

- 500 page Bernie Sanders circlejerk.

I love politics.
At least he is consistent. He has never supported health care. For anyone.
All republicans are scum suckers- fuck them.
Conservatives are indecent, subhuman animals.
Jeb Bush is part of the transportation funding bill clean, but fail to budget help for our first responders from this bill would get funded.
McConnell supports ISIS.
Can someone please photoshop his head on a turtle?
Jeb Bush is part of the content of it.
"What a monster!  ... Let's re-elect him!  If you are a Republican career politician, that's okay!" --Kentucky
If this jerk has as stroke I hope all the experimental chemicals we forcibly subjected them to get anyone, let alone half the nation, to vote for them to without any sort of safety testing beforehand.
I'm supposed to be civil here.
It is fitting that he looks like a penis.
I am sorry. We don't know how he keeps winning. 
-Kentuckian. 
I'll be glad when this droopy dog looking asshole is cold in the ground. 
We need Jon Stewart!!!
This...was 14 years ago.

The first responders already got care.

Have a sense of proportion.
I'll be controversial and ask why we need to fund them 15 years after the fact?  Weren't they just doing their jobs in an extraordinary event?  Why don't all first responders receive similar funding?
Reddit is such a liberal echo chamber and it's scary reading early and mid 20s somethings talk about politics is fucking hilarious

It makes totally understand why people weren't allowed to vote unless they owned property 
[I guess he was too busy at the turtle club to bother with **actually** helping provide assistance to the people congress always chest thumps about.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ezAJeaCySV4)
Jesus fucking Christ why are people still talking about 9/11 and using it as a sob story to get what they want. It's pathetic and whiny. I love my country as much as the next guy but it's sad watching people use it as a crutch
[deleted]
Not to be pedantic, but this should really say "female *Democratic* Senator". I know most of them are Dems, but I'm pretty damn sure Ernst hasn't endorsed Hillary.
".. a mere Harvard professor" Jeez, some people have high standards!
It really bothers me that the assumption is that all women will rally behind a female presidential candidate. 

How about the fact that most left leaning women aren't petty and stupid enough to vote for someone based solely on their genitals. 

Clinton is more of a centrist, and Warren is closer to Sanders in political alignment, even though she hasn't really publicly endorsed him either
Or she's just waiting until after the primaries to back the party candidate... 
From the page: "Bernie Sanders, the Vermont independent who caucuses with Democrats, has not landed a single endorsement from a colleague."
Shitty clickbait title is shitty.

Clinton has [142 House Representatives endorsing her, 38 Senators endorsing her, and 12 governors endorsing her](http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/2016-endorsement-primary/).

Bernie has 2 House Representatives endorsing him and that's it.

This isn't a matter of "most female Senators support her because she's a girl!" like the title seems to imply. This is a matter of "she has near-unanimous support from *all* Democratic Senators, regardless of what they have between their legs"
For what it's worth, Clinton and Warren have appeared at plenty of rallies together where they've spoke glowingly about one another. Warren may not have officially endorsed her candidacy for president, but I don't think it's fair to spin this as she doesn't trust and support Clinton at all.
[I thought she signed a letter in support of Clinton running.](http://www.cnn.com/2015/02/02/politics/hillary-clinton-2016-endorsements/) I'm so confused.  
Okay?  This isn't news.
Inaccurate title, there are female senators besides Warren who do not endorse Clinton.
Female *democrat* senators.  And there are only 14 of them.  So what conclusions can we really draw from this massive amount of data?
Posts with unfactual titles like this should be removed by the mods, it causes the spread of misinformation amongst millions of people. 
I recall she encouraged Hillary to run at one point.
How many men have endorsed Clinton?
she hasn't endorsed anyone else either. Most of the party's endorsements are going to Hillary, or if not yet, they will soon. 
She will fall in line when the time comes. She's holding out strictly for political reasons. She's trying to show solidarity to the Bern victims for when she runs in the next presidential election. She's not called "runs with lies" for nothing. 
errrr...There are a lot of Republican senators who are female. Are they for Clinton? I doubt it.
she signed the letter to hillary from female dem senators encouraging her to run several years ago
Didn't she write a letter or something urging hillary to run? 
I wonder if this would be on the front page if it said "Not one female senator has endorsed Sanders"?
Elizabeth Warren also has not endorsed Bernie Sanders. 
Okay, so let me get this straight - it's bad for Clinton that left wing rising superstar Warren didn't endorse her (yet, and that's a shoe that will drop). 

Yet, somehow it's not bad for Sanders that the senator closest to him politically (at least in reddit's eyes) has also not endorsed him either?

Man, the walls of that echo chamber are getting thicker every day with every post....
Other female senators who haven't endorsed Hillary:

Susan Collins, Lisa Murkowski, Kelly Ayotte, Deb Fischer, Shelley Moore Capito, Joni Ernst.
Didn't realize how much Clinton was crushing these endorsements 
I can't wait to see all your reactions when Bernie Sanders endorses Hillary. 
Given [the video of Elizabeth Warren in 2004 describing Hillary's doing an about-face to support a bankruptcy bill that basically sold out the poor](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N7ZnapWoG6E), it's understandable.
She is keeping her options open, probably because it gives her more leverage on policy. She will endorse if Hillary gets the nomination and extract a promise on something important to her from Hillary to do so.
She is just being diplomatic. After all, she hasn't endorsed anyone else either.
May want to rethink that title there... pretty sure the 6 GOP female senators did not endorse Hillary. 
Hillary, like the other politicians are just playing the rules set by the corrupted political system. As much as I hate her flip flopping, I think it's basically her trying to survive in this corrupted political race. Bernie being in the race basically illuminates these problems, making them that much obvious to the people. 
This title is misleading.  Female republican senators are not endorsing Hillary.  I know that might seem like an assumption that can be made, but it could suggest that either some republican senators were crossing party lines to join Hillary or that there simple are no republican women senators.
Wish she had run...
Well, there goes her cabinet seat.
With the current state of politics, I'd consider an endorsement from congress as a good indicator of who NOT to vote for. You know that whoever receives the majority endorsements is just going to maintain the status quo. 
Elizabeth Warren would make a great VPOTUS


\#hillary
Even the republican women?
The left need to stop treating Elizabeth Warren like she's some saint. Why is her support any more important than all the other progressive senators, reps, and governors who DO support Clinton?  

Elizabeth Warren wants the big endorsement rally with Hillary. That's why she didn't join her colleagues in a group endorsement. Don't get me wrong Clinton campaign wants it too. Warren won't back Bernie, she won't make someone who is all but assured to lose. 
Why does that matter? Do you think Senators are so biased and ignorant that they will only endorse whoever shares the same sex organs as the sole criteria? Have no men endorsed her?
Elizabeth Warren Only Female Senator **Yet** To Endorse Hillary Clinton

Just because she's holding out now doesn't mean she won't down the road. In fact I think Warren likes Sanders but doesn't want to endorse him because she doesn't believe he has a good chance at this point
Oh man if she ever endorses Clinton she'll be branded a conservative by The Revolution^TM
Endorsements are nice to have, but they pale in comparison to substantive policy positions and candidate trustworthiness, character and integrity.
She has 83% of the Democratic caucus. Warren holding out has more to do with her own political aspirations than anything else. But whatever the reason, Clinton is cleaning up right now and one undecided senator isn't hurting her.
Because:
Sanders/Warren 2016
"Two outta three ain't bad"
-Meatloaf.
*Only female DEMOCRAT senator not not endorse Hillary Clinton.
except female republican senators...
Ah, so that's where Dave Catanese ended up. I always thought the old hack would end up selling corn dogs at Knott's Berry Farm or something.
I bet Shelley Moore Capito and Joni Ernst endorsed Clinton.
(yet)
Kinda sexist of her but whatever. 
This article reminded me of [this interview](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=12mJ-U76nfg) with Elizabeth Warren, where she shared some of her thoughts on Hillary.  
Why would she? Hillary is a shill for the industry Warren has spent her life fighting against. 
It's sexist to suggest just because a senator has a vagina they have to support the nominee with vagina.
Then I'd like to know the other women so we can vote them out.
Butt
confirms what I long suspected... Elizabeth Warren is all class.
I agree with E Warren. We're much past needing a politician like Hillary for president. That she's a woman means nothing. There's nothing that is truly, socially revolutionary about her. O' Malley is also blah, decent Democrat but ultimately milquetoast.
....... yet.
wouldn't be surprised if there's a coordinated plan to roll out her endorsement at at later date and make it seem more like clinton "earned it"/addressed whatever hesitations warren might have once had
Considering how hard Warren is going after banks, it isn't surprising she hasn't endorsed the Senator from Goldman Sachs.
Elizabeth Warren is the only Senator for a lot of things.  We need focus on electing more of her kind rather than, "Gosh, I hope she runs for President!"
[I WONDER WHY](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=smR6n4A_73U)
So all the Dem female Senators other than Warren are all Wall Street toadies. Got it.
If she endorsed Bernie I could see a big shift, especially among women voters. It's funny how the woman card has been abused to the level it already has, and it's barely December 2015.
what has Liz Warren actually achieved, other than saying things??? TBH, given how pop she is with the far left, I'm kinda turned off to her. I'm a centrist Democrat, firmly for the Clintons.
Elizabeth Warren, only female senator with chutzpah.
Why is her gender an issue? She is not  female senator, she is a senator. Her vagina does not come into the picture.
She's the real champion to rally with
Warren not being there said more than having the other 13 present. Almost would have been smarter to roll them out incrementally to make her absence less noticeable.
My personal viewpoint is that she secretly is in favor of bernie, after all she aligns more to bernie and know clinton is full of shit. Currently clinton is winning the polls and appear stronger than bernie, so endorsing bernie will not only be not as effective but she also risks losing a huge amount of political capital backing an "outsider" The only window she has is if bernie has another momentum in spring and appears stronger than clinton somehow and that is the only window she has to endorse bernie. 

gee I wonder why

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=12mJ-U76nfg
Party faithful endorse candidate promoted by DNC. What has being female got to do with it?
Two reasons Hillary Rotten Clinton is loved by Wall Street... 1.  Bill Clinton did away with the glass-steagal  act effectively handing over the United States treasury to international bankers. 2. Made it impossible to discharge college loans in a bankruptcy ... screwing over every college student who has a worthless degree...


Photographic evidence....   http://www.armstrongeconomics.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/Glass-Steagall-Signing-Repeal.jpg
As a female and a democrat, I have to say Hillary Clinton is a god damn disgrace.  She was purchased by lobbyists LONG ago, has lied repeatedly on camera, and was too much of a sissy-bitch to leave her happily cheating husband.  The only reason she has a shot at the presidency is because she decided to stay "married" to a liar and a cheater.  I'd be damn disappointed, embarrassed, ashamed, etc. if she turned out to be the first female president.  Sanders 2016.
It would bother me if she backed a wall street candidate like Clinton.
Elizabeth Warren should be emperor of america

just get rid of the rest of the government
Gender-baiting.

So all female senators should endorse Hillary Clinton because she's female? Shouldn't endorsement be based on...I don't know...policy?
I bet Hillary is fucking pissed about it too.
That is extremely disheartening that almost all female representatives can look past the fact that it's is a lying snake because it has a vaginal cavity.
And Warren is the most sensible and progressive. Not surprised.
Elizabeth is the only one that really counts.
I really wish Warren would have ran against Hilary, I feel like if a portion of the popular is going to vote based solely on a factor like gender it would be nice if they at least voted for someone who hasn't continuously proven to be a corporate/party spokesperson. If you listed candidates stances on issues and not names, age, race, religion, or occupation outside of politics, I don't think Hilary would have nearly the level of support she'll drum up simply based on being a woman with a recognizable name, despite having a mostly abysmal voting record. 
I hope Sanders picks Warren to be his VP.
Why would she endorse Clinton when Sanders is going to tap her for VP?
Do you care that she's a woman? I don't care that she's a woman. Say it with me: gender is irrelevant. Your voting patterns are relevant.
Awesome.

I love when politicians have the balls (or ovaries) to stand up for principle, rather than giving in to the establishment.

I like Warren.

Upvote
I highly doubt Kelly Ayotte and Susan Collins will endorse Her Majesty 
Sanders - Warren 2016. wouldn't that be nice.
I don't blame Warren. Warren clearly understands the problem of Wall St. influencing democracy and when it comes to Hillary she is bought and paid for. I do not know how anyone could believe Hillary has the best interest of the people in mind.
Maybe she knows something... like... Clinton has no business running this country?
Because she is going to be Bernie's running mate when he is nominated!!
The sad part is Warren would be winning this primary had she run. 
Why endorse her if she already knows she'll be on the ticket?  Dems love politicians from Massachusetts or Harvard.  She checks both boxes.

Clinton/Warren '16.
What about Al Franken and George Takei?
Female *Democratic* Senators.
Hillary's got the card and she's going to play it for all it's worth.

It's not just that she plays the game; it's that she wouldn't even be in this position if she didn't.
I don't understand all these articles about whether women support Clinton or not. Why does it mattee?
And she's the only one that matters.
Thats why Hilary will win - feminists will vote Hilary over Bernie everytime.
she cant endorse hillary because shes probably gonna run as VP candidate with Sanders.
Yeah she is holding on because she is going to be a VP pick.
This voting pattern sure reeks of sexism given the superior policy positions long held by Bernie Sanders.  I thought most female politicians were above such behavior.  It appears they're as bad as the sexists they presume to be "above".

Kudos to Senator Warren for maintaining her integrity and objectivity.  This is one of many reasons why she enjoys the kind of political support which precious few are able to garner.
Respect. I hope senator Warren endorses Mr.Sanders. 
By this time next year, Vice President elect Warren.
I think it was at one of those democratic conventions or something but Hillary was asked a question and her answer went something like "well blah blah blah AND I'M A WOMAN." to the applause of everyone in the audience. Politics are confusing.
I genuinely assumed she made a deal with Hillary for a cabinet position in exchange for not running against her.
I would like to see EW VP for BS. 
Because the more important your endorsement is, you hold off and give it out to pull your candidate out of a jam.
Doesn't Elizabeth Warren know that Hillary's a woman?
Yet
Warren please just run with Bernie :(
Title might as well read: Elizabeth Warren is the only female senator who can think for herself. 
I expect Warren is waiting so as not to unduly influence the race against Bernie.  If she was going to endorse Bernie, she'd have done it by now.  And she knows that her endorsement of Clinton would not be helpful to him at this time. So there's no harm in waiting.
I think a better question to ask is why didn't Elizabeth Warren run for President? She would have had the momentum going in and pulled off the same upset win over Hillary that Obama had. But she decided not to run. I don't understand why. 
Atta girl, Liz!
I wish she grew a pair and endorsed Bernie already. Seems like she's still hanging on to this fantasy that she's got a better chance if she doesn't completely burn all bridges with the establishment.
She's for a Sanders...and rightly so.

"You should endorse me… Because I'm a WOMAN!! Har, har, har!"
– Hillary Rodham Clinton
I thought Rubio gave the best answers in terms of identifying problems. He was the only candidate who seemed to talk about automation as a potential cause of unemployment; address how a lot of small business owners aren't wild about having to pay for employee insurance, and how higher education is too damn expensive, and he identified those problems like a human being instead of the insincere responses the others gave... I just disagree with every single solution he offered.

EDIT: I don't completely agree with his assessment of automation, but plenty of people do and no one hardly talks about it. Its good politics. 
"Don't pay more, and repeal healthcare, because the problem with poor people is democrats" - Republican platform
Sadly stuck in trickle down.  Not 1 viable candidate for me on that stage.
Why are people riffing Rubio as a no show senator? Im not a republican, but didn't Kerry and Obama, and hell even Mccain, miss a ton of votes when they ran? 
[deleted]
I enjoyed Rubio's family story of two immigrants moving here and getting jobs that paid enough to buy a house and raise four kids, sending at least one to college (Marco, I have no ideas about his siblings).

I'd like to see a modern immigrant family be able to do that, especially under there plans. Even non-immigrant families can barely do that now, if at all.
Sorry to hijack this post but are there any good links to the full length debate?
Oh, just another adventure in how disconnected the Republican party is from reality 
As a largely conservative individual, I like reading these things and seeing people blast morons like trump and Carson. They suck. No two ways about it.

Rand never gets much mention, but it is seldom negative. I wish more people would take the time to hear what he has to say.
Just a hint of bias on this article. Hard to take their opinion seriously. 
"How would you handle this hypothetical major financial problem?"

"I wouldn't let it happen in the first place!"

(audience ejaculates)
It's funny how the richer you get the farther you are from the real  world. You are so distant from the realities of life that you don't look at humans as people but as a pieces of furniture. They want their Reaganomics back so bad you could feel it.  Trickle down economics is a terrible concept and only makes the rich even more wealthier while the poor sit on the sidelines hoping for a morsel.
I figure this will get buried and unanswered, but a legitimate question I'm honestly curious about:

What other country on this planet currently has an economic system closest to the Republican platform?
The minimum wage has NOT kept up with inflation. Even still, many of those who spoke right at the beginning of the debate about the minimum wage alluded to even lowering it... It really disgusts me.
Shoot, that's just the icing on the cake.  They want a wall.  They want to ship out millions of children, elderly and workers.  They want war with Russia.  They want another mass presence in the ME.  And the base cheered with approval.  
People making starvation wages are also on public assistance.  We all pay for this.  Why should my taxes be used for this when most corporations don't pay any taxes at all?

The poor people are not your enemy.  The greedy corporations are the enemy.  Wake up sheeple!
They think wages are too high already. Race to the bottom. Republicans in a nut shell.
"No show" but showed up more than Obama, McCain, and Biden while they were running. 
Republican logic:  Debate Trump **"We can't raise the minimum wage, I'm sorry to say that I'm against it."**

Gasbag Trump on the stump: **"We need to deport all the illegals, they're driving down our wages." "Once I'm president you are going to be tired of all the winning and individual prosperity, I'm going to make America great again."**

**Subtext: To those of you working several jobs at $8.00 per hour, once I deport all the illegal aliens driving down your wages you're still going to be making $8.00 per hour.**

Vote for me if you want to win like this!
I tell you right now when I was 16 I worked at BK my first job and I ran the line for breakfast making all the sandwiches and everything else. This was the single most tiring and body wearing job I have ever had and I have worked construction most my life after as well as a lot of other jobs. The thing that kills me about people saying " someone that flips burgers should not make as much as me" always cracks me up because of how ignorant that statement is. You expect a quality meal from an establishment but yet you also expect that person to get  paid and treated like shit because all they doing is "fliping burgers". The lack of insight and over the overwhelming ignorance of this thinking hurts my head.
Well, Barack Obama was an even worse "no-show senator", and r/politics helped elect him in 2008. 

http://www.factcheck.org/2015/11/senators-missing-votes/
When Lincoln says "Labor", I am not sure he means fast food worker. Construction worker, factory worker, police, and teachers -- more on target. 
We also have a no show senator as President 
&gt;I hate to say it, but we have to leave [the $7.25-an-hour minimum wage] the way it is.

No, you don't hate to say it
What I don't get, is what are these people going to say during the presidential debates. 

I get in the modern gerrymandered right wing, you have to outright wing each other.. you have to be so right, you make Reagan look like stalin.

but how the fuck are you going to change gears and have a sane debate when your actually the candidate? are they really going to go up there and say people in America don't need a raise?

basically they are saying that for everyone.. if min wage increases destroy the economy than anyone getting a raise would. your manager getting a 10% raise should send inflation into zimbaqwai territory. /s ok but seriously are they really going to run on killing healthcare, planned parenthood and min wage and doing nothing about global warming?

The concept of not raising wages has always baffled me. If people had more money, they would be able to spend it on things they previously though they were unable to afford, then accelerating the economy.

Shouldn't wages increase with inflation? After a certain point, wouldn't the people lowest on the totem pole be unable to afford anything at all?
Within the first few minutes of the debate, it was crazy how tone deaf the anti-minimum wage statements were. They didn't even *try* to couch their views into something more friendly-sounding. 

Trump said, "Our wages are too high, we're not competitive. So people have just got to work very very hard and try to get into the upper echelon." 

Carson said, "You might not get paid anything in your job, but you'll get experience, and that's helpful." 

Then someone else said, "If we increase wages, machines are going to take over those jobs even faster." 

:/

How long are we going to allow companies like walmart to rain BILLIONS in profits on to the richest family in the world,  while letting tax payers pick up the slack of their shit paying jobs?  I've talked to republicans that work shit jobs at walmart that don't even see a correlation between the billions in profit being subsidized by food stamps, etc.   Straight brainwashed, son.

edit:   Walmart is just the poster child for this behavior because they are the biggest.  But think about how many other companies rely on this.  Heck,  I've worked for tech companies that I'm sure charged the customer a grip,  but payed the worker shit.   I'm ready for a country club drive-by,  son.
Raising minimum wage forces business owners to hire less people, and encourages them to automate even faster. 

Every Liberal here is trying to apply a 20th century solution to a 21st century problem. 

What happens when 10%, 20% ---50% of all jobs become automated? Are you guys still gonna advocate raising the minimum wage? It would solve nothing. 

[CPG Grey nailed it with the advent of robots and technology, kiss your jobs good bye.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Pq-S557XQU)

You guys need to ditch minimum wage and start advocating for a r/basicincome because that's the only plan that makes sense, has bipartisan support, and will actually work in the 21st century and beyond
What a bunch of complete scum! How dare they get together and talk to one another!
It's funny that the Repub angry grinding worker at the bottom thinks, "Yes! These guys are standing up for hard work."

Nah, they're all about ripping you off blind, genius.
I see these posts a lot. Again I will ask three simple questions. If a low skilled worker wants $15 an hour

1) who pays for it? Answer, in the beginning you the customer does with higher food costs, then in the long run as robots become cheaper than human labor you literally put an entire group of workers out of a job for life. 

2) If a fast food worker is paid $15 an hour, would it be fair to give a nurse who makes an hourly wage of $16 an hr a $7.35 rise? Answer - Probably, but now the cost of your food and healthcare has just gone up while helping to eliminate a class or workers with robotics

3) If the fast food worker and the nurse get a raise the do you really think it stops there? Answer , no. You've only made everything around more expensive to benefit a small group of people.

Also, if you haven't owned your business and do your own payroll, rent and expenses that a normal business incurs , you'll probably disagree with everything I've just said. 

Part of me wants to see the world in which Republicans run every layer of government. But maybe just in a movie format.
One sure way to boost the economy?  Less money to more people.  Don't raise the minimum wage, cut welfare and other 'handouts'.  Then those folks will take all that money they no longer have and spend it like crazy.
That's a great question, and let me start by answering it....


...what?
Someone come up with a new industry that we can pioneer and dominate for the next two decades.  Rinse and repeat or else this is all going to fall apart.  

Look forward not backwards.  Don't waste time worrying about failing industries.  Look only to the future and create new avenues for our economy.
How does half of your country vote for "let's keep wages low so that the economy can grow!" ??? Isn't the point of economic prosperity the high wages that result from it? 
It's very strange. You wonder how they can even debate when all evidence is against them. Why must we reduce taxes on the wealthy, when the wealthy are running all time record profits for themselves...clearly they don't need it and it's not a problem for them. Why must we reduce taxes on big corporations when the top 5 global companies by valuation are US corporations? Clearly they don't need less taxes and are doing extremely well, in fact better than any other time in history. So what exactly is their argument? Give the rich more money and cut taxes even more on corporations and what exactly is going to happen? Cut regulations? Clearly regulations aren't slowing the corporations down at all. So how do they justify these things? When is enough, enough?
If the democrats had shown up there would have been two more millionaires!
That accurately describes the DNC candidates as well ya know.....
The Republican party is clearly against any sort of human decency, only catering to the top 1% and those who are their lapdogs. 

These are the worst Americans I've ever seen. 

The world is laughing at us. But that laughter is giving way to pure dismay now. This is embarrassing.
 “Capital is only the fruit of labor, and could never have existed if labor had not first existed. **Labor is the superior of capital**, and deserves much the higher consideration.”

-Abe Lincoln 1861

The article just had to find a way to insult Marco Rubio as well.
America is richer than ever, per capita and adjusted for inflation, we are nearly twice as rich as in 1968. that's PER CAPITA and ADJUSTED and yet the right demand burger flippers work for less in 2015 than they did in 1968.... and say all of society will collapse if we pay them a living wage.

and then attack those same people as lazy for getting government help for their lacking paychecks.


got to fucking love the comment 'if you raise min wage, you make people more expensive than machines".. he wants the American worker to compete with the price of electricity.

the jobs WILL go away, its the promise of technology and advancement, we got to accept this fact, and stop harping on the idea that we need a 40 hour work week. What we need is new ideas on how to share resources.. so that the only people with money in 50 years aren't just the robot owners.(and if you think you will just go back to school for programming or building robots, you aren't paying attention, they coming for those jobs too)

let me be the oblivious young adult redditor who lives in their mother's basement "you poeple who make crappy money need to get a better job and get over it" drrrhddddrr
Minimum wage job creators already know they will lose the fight on raising the minimum wage, that's why those jobs are being automated. Our economic problem is that we have too many people working minimum wage not that the wage is not enough. 
Do people not realize if minimum wage is raised, the price of everything will also go up?..
&gt;If you raise the minimum wage, you’re going to make people more expensive than machines. That means all the automation that is replacing jobs and people right now will be accelerated.”

&gt;So, just to be clear, in the future as Marco Rubio sees it, wages must remain low in order to keep a check on automation.

Never seen a Democrat answer this one honestly.  They always say something like "Well automation is inevitable!" without ever answering why we should expedite the loss of those jobs *right now*.

It strikes me as the selfishness of young people who just want a wage increase, at the expense of those who will actually be losing jobs.  
What the hell is wrong with being rich? Rich people don't get a voice? 
The part about Lincoln is inaccurate. He was a "Republican" but back then the Democratic party now was called the Republican party for short. The current Republican party wasn't formed until later. 
This was a topic entirely missing from the debate, they told us that facebook told them that fighting terrorism was the most important issue for U.S. people.  

No mention of wages at all, Rubio offered more tax credits, like the way EITC  and tax money is used to support workers for the low paying employers like WalMart, the fast foot Giants, corporate agriculture and all the largest low paying corporations. 


Thanks for reminding me why I left this sub, stay bias /r/politics
A sub that is out of ideas posts a headline.
Dems try to find solutions, even if they don't always work. Republicans just try to stop Dems, at all costs. Republicans are the trolls of politics. 
A legitimate question at the Democrat debate should be, "Where does money come from?", since apparently OP thinks that government arbitrarily raising wages makes more money appear. 
They probably have a good idea how to block wage increases.
&gt;but the candidates spoke to the billionaire class

Did you even watch the debate? The candidates were pretty good at framing their solutions as a benefit to the poor and middle class. Even if you don't agree with what they're saying, to claim they spent the night pandering to the so called "billionaire class" is absurd.
Do Republicans hate life in general?
It's better than two old, rich, white, career politicians debate on how to help minorities and the poor. Love the diversity in the Democratic party. 
I find it hilarious that the people with the most money control the people with least amount of money. 
Seriously, we need to take this country back!  I feel like this election is one of the most important elections of my lifetime.  The Republican Party does not support the values it once did.  Bernie sanders is not the 100% solution but his ideas are a start...voters get out there and make a difference.
Our situation reminds me of the Pixar  movie ants.  
Regardless of what you think about the content of this article, that headline is very well written. It's been a long time since I felt appreciative of a good headline rather than irritated by an unimaginative or misleading one. 
The wage argument has, unsurprisingly, been framed completely incorrectly and through a completely partisan lens.

FACT: [Of the 75 million over age 16 paid at an hourly rate, 1.6 million (2%) were paid at the Federal minimum wage of $7.25/hr according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics]( http://www.bls.gov/cps/minwage2012.htm). Many states have laws that require a higher minimum wage than the Federal standard. There are approximately 159 million people in the US labor force, according to the [World Bank](http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/SL.TLF.TOTL.IN). This means that about a than a tenth of one percent (0.01) of all Americans are making the minimum wage. 

Of the 1.6 million making minimum wage, half are teenagers. Therefore, the argument that there is a massive class of people in America making minimum wage is simply a myth.

It is no secret that $7.25 is incredibly difficult to live off of in today's economy, and those very few that are sustaining themselves alone by making this rate deserve to make more. But the solution is not to simply artificially increase the minimum wage, it is to find solutions to help these people gain skills to make their work worth more. 

Raising the minimum wage actually hurts young people, because it is usually minimum wage jobs that help teenagers gain valuable work experience. Therefore, you have people graduating from high school with little to no job experience or valuable skill set.

It can also hurt the people it is meant to help because inevitably business overhead increases with artificial wage hikes which in turn makes the cost of necessities higher.

The goal should not be to simply raise the minimum wage for the fraction of one percent making it, it should be to target the people who are making that wage and put them in programs to help them increase their skill set and to teach our kids better business principles in how to negotiate for a better wage and compete in their respective market. 

Democrats foolishly believe a simple wage hike will solve all woes while Republicans are more than happy to prevent wage hikes but not encourage investment in human capitol. Its a stupid and unproductive argument, and a major reason why the US is falling behind many OECD and Western countries in terms of human labor skill sets and value. 

High schools, instead of trying to one-track every student for college, should instead be teaching practical trade skills in the final two years of a student's education. During the summers, school guidance counselors should help place students in apprenticeship programs for the high-skill and in demand industries of the future. A biotech engineer needs only an associates degree to make as much or more money than most liberal arts Bachelor's degree holders. Electricians are at a high demand and can make a sizable income with nothing more than a trade certificate. High end technology industries need high skill workers to create complex components that will feed everything in the future. Germany and some other Northern European countries have done something like this for a while and it has worked very well.

In turn, the US government needs to lower the corporate tax rates (currently one of the highest in the West) in order to encourage high tech manufacturers to invest in the US again. It sounds unpopular, but keep in mind this is not lowering taxes on individuals, but rather the company. Countries like Canada, the UK, and others are markedly lower in corporate taxes than the US and have seen benefits from it.

It is high time we get beyond the current argument over wages and start thinking creatively about the future, instead of pandering for votes.
As the SEIU and fast food employees scream for $15.00/hr., the fast food industry has stepped up their automation drive. Therefore, these low wage fast food jobs will rapidly disappear and the left can then take these ex-employees into their homes and care for them. That would be truly compassionate of you guys and we all know very compassionate you all are. I'll bet you already give at least 50%of your gross income to the poor. Uh-huh.


And all of the jobs created under the Obama administration's care are mostly lower wage jobs so,  way to go Barack baby. Your libs are fantastic. 
If voting was compulsory, the Republicans would never win with anything close to the platform they're running. However, that is what democracy is right? 
I don't agree with them, and I never thought I'd say this but the most valid counterpoint to the minimum wage hikes was Rubio's. Are these companies that will end up spending millions in R&amp;D for automation really going to develop social responsibility overnight and start sharing their profits with consumers in some way? That's hysterically laughable.
Trump is standing a little far away from that black guy.
How could Ben Carson not wear a red tie?!  Surely he'll slip in the polls for that reason alone.
At least this time they recognized the protesters.
One may say," this is rich."
Damn it. I came here expecting a punchline to that set up. I am disappoint. 
Can a robot please take my job?
Sort of a click bait title when you look at the almost certain nominee on the other side:

Clinton net worth: $30 million

According to Forbes only Rubio and Sanders aren't millionaires...so I guess they are the only ones that can discuss wage hikes. 
This should be under not the onion and add at end, these bozos want to be President of the most powerful Country in the world.
They want whats best for us ;)
Rand Paul looks like a badass amongs them in that photo.
How did I end up on /r/politics I thought I was clicking on /r/jokes.  The set up sounded so good too... Atleast reading the responses made me laugh.  That Ben Carson fellow sure thinks he knows about everything since the dawn of time.
Why can't the government or equivalent model the economy as a whole using a supercomputer if necessary to model what impact raising minimum wages would be? Im tired of people shooting from the hip as if they know.
Is the debate up anywhere? Not sure how to ever find these, can only find the old ones.
I think it's cute that the black guy and the woman are the ones not wearing the black suit red tie thing. Though Paul missed the memo on black shoes.
i love it when the clowns come out in monkey suits and talk silly..
Pay every human being $35 an hour for every hour worked no matter the job..
As appose of the lower middle class democrat nominees right? 
how about massive immigration of low skilled workers from much poorer countries?
&gt; ﻿Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders, who has introduced legislation to raise the federal minimum wage to $15 an hour, along with a proposal to strengthen union rights, joined the picket line in Washington.
&gt;
&gt; "What you are doing and workers all over the United States are doing, you are having a profound impact," Sanders told the crowd of striking workers on Capitol Hill. "People are raising the minimum wage to 15 bucks an hour. And you know who started it? You did. You started the movement."
&gt;
&gt; "Now we’ve got to finish the job," he declared, echoing the call of that movement: "Fifteen bucks and a union!"

This is the only interesting part of the story.  The rest is the same old predictable crap.

Sanders wins another Republican debate!
You don't have to belong to a certain party to be a greedy old cronie. You think the businesses are just gonna foot the bill when their payroll doubles? Nope, they're just gonna up the cost of the goods/services. So the lower middle class people aren't going to have the disposable income they once had since their happy meal costs $10 now. I'm not just singling out the fast food industry, what about the small business owners who are being forced to provide Healthcare benefits &amp; and now you want to double their payroll? If you're not an already established, mid-sized business you'd be an idiot to start one. Some people straight out of college make $15 an hour. This in no way would improve the economy, it would only hurt it and small businesses along with it. 
For all those people suggesting that higher minimum wages cause poverty, explain the west coast.
I'm sharpening my travel guillotine as we speak.
The small businesses that can't afford to make the raises are businesses that were destined to go under anyway as a healthy business' margins should be way above all the proposed hikes. That's just... capitalism, economic darwinism if you will. 

This is the most tea party-friendly way of looking at it as I totally discounting the fact of greatly increased income vs expenditure as a result of having more disposable income in the economy.

There really is no solid way to play devil's advocate on this one.
Why is Ted Cruz standing like his squire is about to put some medieval armor on him?
"A mix of millionaires AND billionaires!"
Minimum wage is supposed to be a FLOOR, not a ceiling! 
Work hard and get a raise.
"﻿ People have to go out, they have to work really hard and have to get into that upper stratosphere."



Oh, because that's what you did? Get bent, you self-indulgent prick.
Democrats: Three old white people talking about how to be help poor brown people. 

It isn't that hard 
could this get any more fucking liberal, /r politics shouldnt be biased
What's with this "No show senator" obsession? Rand has missed fewer votes in his campaign than Obama did. Shit, Obama missed almost 1/3 of the votes over his entire congressional career, and never did anything note worthy. Rand filibusters the shit out of the senate. Double standards, eh?
My favorite line last night was from the kids table debate when Chris Christe said "Hillary Clinton is going to impose health care on us" WHAT A MONSTER! 
I honestly don't know why this surprises people still.

People that make a ton of money don't want people to be able to get close to what they're making. On a much smaller scale it's like managers/employees.

Promote an hourly employee to manager and over time, their interests stop being in the best interest of their employees, and they look out for themselves and some try to block others from getting promoted.

It's just a power struggle. In this case, a shitty one that could lead to a revolution if the middle class continues to shrink at the rate it currently is.
The combined character, integrity and intellect of every 2016 GOP candidate would not amount to a fraction of the same traits on Abraham Lincoln's little fucking toe. 
During these discussions no one ever brings up the idea of this issue being a more localized issue. $15 has a vastly different purchasing power across the US. Here in south Louisiana with a relatively low COL people straight out of college might make a salary almost equivalent to $15/hour. But I'm sure in LA or NYC, $15/hr is barely making it. The federal mandate should be the "living wage" for the absolute lowest COL. That may or may not be higher than the current minimum wage. Then states have the liberty to adjust there own minimum wage (this already happens). Just my two cents.
Sounds like the GOP on every policy decision.
Sanders is only a quarter mil away from fitting into this category. Stop pretending he's no different than the common man lmao
These people truly are the scum of the earth.
All they're missing is the hooded robes.  The [spooky secret society ones](https://emilysadventuresinhorrorland.files.wordpress.com/2015/08/the-greater-good.jpg) or the [other ones.](http://www.beachamjournal.com/.a/6a01053653b3c7970b0133ec9b8429970b-800wi)  
ITT liberally indoctrinated hipsters helping to advance the liberal agenda and further the narrative.

Let me explain quickly the impact of a $15 min wage increase where I live. We have several warehouse locations throughout the country, one being in florida. If the wage hike goes through in my state our entire location will close and stock will be shipped to florida or any other location where minimum wage is just that, a minimum wage. We would just be one of 10's of thousands of closings.

Fast food/minimum wage jobs are not a fucking career. They should never provide a living wage—it's minimum wage. If youre a drug addicted high school dropout you do not deserve the same wage as someone with an MBA in an entry level position.

But reddit is mostly children these days, and nothing screams I'm an entitled snowflake more loudly than the millennial generation of hipsters and SJW slactivists staring at their phones in their safe spaces.

edit: it seems hipsters are upset, its ok though. hipsters, make your voices heard by downvoting the hell out of this ugly, ugly truth! you poor babies should never have to hear or read anything that could possibly upset you!
Why is it that democrats cannot understand the basics of economics?

Over the next 20-25 years [a large portion of US jobs will be lost to automation like robots.](http://www.technologyreview.com/view/519241/report-suggests-nearly-half-of-us-jobs-are-vulnerable-to-computerization/)  This means that most people graduating from college from now into the future will live in a world where there will be no net job gain to accommodate the population growth. 

To make matters worse, what jobs we do have that are being created are low end jobs; exactly the jobs to be taken by a robot. So the democrat answer to this is to give a minimum wage of $15 or higher per hour.  

So economics 101 time.  

1) If your costs to operate increase so does the price of the products you sell.  So the net benefit of the increased minimum wage is lost to inflation.  Ask Australia.

2) If costs increase, the likely response is to move operations to where costs are lower, like mexico, china, etc, and remove jobs from America. 

3) if costs increase and your product is not something that can be made overseas (ie., McDonalds) then you transition to automation and robots faster removing the minimum wage job from workers. 

Paying people what use to be the highest minimum wage based on inflation (1968 I think at about $10.50/hr in 2015 dollars) is not a choice in todays global market.  

Democrats also don't seem to understand the basics of economics when it comes to cost of production.  Some businesses CAN eat the cost of a $15/hr minimum wage and pass on the cost to the public, while other businesses, like food service and restaurants, cannot without pricing themselves out of business. A universal $15/hr minimum wage is not universally equal across all business enterprises. 
Is it really surprising that senators and high level politicians are rich? I'd be more concerned if they weren't rich with how high the senator salary is.

Rubio and Sanders are the only one who are thousandaires. Rubio is fairly fresh and Sanders would have to be pretty bad with money to have only a couple hundred thousand at his age as a lifelong highlevel politician. 

Also Carson grew up poorer than anybody who wrote or read this article most likely.

I think people managing the actual wages would know more than the enraged fast food employees on the consequences of it. I'm for some increase but 15$ aka double is ludacris. Plus drastic min wage increases won't solve the core problem  that needs to be solved to pull families out of financial problem. Most of those families probably aren't working for minimum wage (at least with their primary job).

To be fair, Trump alone has employed tens of thousands of people. Maybe he knows a little bit about wages and business?
Oh! I know this one..  
Trump gave the best answer but its even more than that.

If we raise minimum wage to 15 dollars an hour, those businesses will then hire people who are worth 15 dollars an hour. Of which the people currently on minimum wage are NOT worth.
I was watching the Republican debate with my Republican mother last night; it's crazy how most of their conservative talking points sound ridiculous and can be proven wrong, yet their still readily believed by so many republican voters...Unfortunately we're just going to have to age the crazy out of the population.
God, /r/politics is a fucking socialist haven.  What a dump.
if you ever ran a business you know how payroll works and what forcing employers to pay more to workers means in order to maintain profits and keep the doors open. And we have seen that happen already in local areas that have instituted a huge jump in minimum wage instead of gradual increases.

You have to balance your budget, so the more payroll you pay out means something else has to be cut to offset that expenditure...When running a small business (which is where 75% of employees work) you have the following options...

1. Cut employee hours

2. Cut the number of employees

3. raise prices on your product and hope that you're still competitive with your competition. You can't price yourself out of the market and you can't price yourself so high that you lose sales.

4. cut benefits if you offer them.

5. find cheaper, lower cost supplies if you are making a product.

6. close up your business and move elsewhere where it's cheaper to operate.

7. If it's a multiple location business, you close up one or more locations and shut the doors.

You need to keep the profit margins because you do after all need to keep paying the bills and costs to keep doors open and pay your employees and suppliers.


Same thing could be said about the dems in 2009
I don't remember Obama or Hillary being called "no-show senators" when they missed Senate votes to campaign... Oh wait, I forgot. This is r/politics. Carry on with the Republican hate.
Let's say the minimum wage is increased. This will make it unprofitable for business to employ hundred of thousands, if not a million of our most unskilled labor, typically single women and minorities. What is the the solution to the new found unemployment?
The very fact that people think that a first job, fast food, entry level position should make a living wage is in and of itself, laughable.   

$15/Hr for these people is way too much. If you force it via law you are going to have these people out of work.  This is just the way things work. People trying to "Fix this problem" are the ones creating problems. These jobs are for teenagers to learn how to work. These are not careers you raise a family on. Service is down, young people have no where to go to learn how to work and the entire job market is suffering due to this idea that "All jobs are worthy."   

Seems like r/politics deletes any comments that aren't extremely liberal begging for the minimum wage to be increased immediately. 
If the minimum wage goes up to $15, I expect my wage (higher than $15) to go up by the same amount.

Why the downvotes? Can't handle success? If it doesn't go up i'll just quit my job and go displace little Jayquan at walmart due to my superior skillset.
When they started downplaying global warming and the "very little" impact humans have, I almost lost my shit. 
Christ almighty that headline.....
What a bunch of fuckasses. 
Giving people free stuff is never the answer. Instead of giving people 15 dollars an hour for doing a job which requires no skills, we should be giving them opportunities to move on to higher skilled positions. The problem is that will only come if we reform public education, and that's never going to happen because we have to cater to the lowest common denominator- mass baby producing, low intellect, zero economic contribution hood rats. So because of political correctness and cultural sensitivity, we can't even have a meaningful dialogue about the real reason why these people are trapped in their shitty minimum wage jobs in the first place. Instead it's just "oh, throw more money at them, that will solve the problem!"
Odd for a site that seems to have some left swinging political bias to have an exxon mobile add that blocks off half the article I'm trying to read.
Wow, the bias of that writer is so thick it's hard to even read 
Could you be more close minded and polarised?
lol I disagree with them too, but I have to step back and say this is the most painfully biased and obviously agenda-based title I've ever read here. And that's saying something.

I wish people would at least *pretend* to care about neutral content.
The question was about the minimum wage. I think it should be set by the states, and many states already do it. It makes sense to set the minimum that works best for a given area.
If you're worried about automation replacing workers, what you do is put in certain protections for the workers so they don't get laid off en mass rather than increasing the wage arbitrarily. Honestly, we should be reducing the cost of living rather than just hiking up wages; that just propagates the cycle.
Though I agree with some of the themes expressed in this article, the blatant attacks and the attempts to polarize the parties even further don't help anyone.
When an article is written like this to people read this to be educated on the subject or to just hear someone else say the opinion they want to hear?
I thought you were discussing the democrat debates from 2012. My bad. 

Hiking the minimum wage is a stupid idea because it basically involves the government deciding to place a higher value on a certain type of labor than the value that it is really worth. In the end, it will have the opposite effect of pricing more people out of the work force. 
Do you understand how far technology really is? You do know 3D printers already have the capability to build multiple houses in a week right? You do understand Japan has vending machines all over the place that retail giants could use instead of full out retail staffs right? You could eliminate a lot of jobs RIGHT NOW!!! You know why we don't??? Because if we did people would riot too many people would lose jobs, forcing change within our government... Do you know what kind of system would be required in the next technological age??? Socialism!!! There's no way around it...
Minimum wages are just discriminatory in the sense of age, skill, experience and physical capabilities.

Morons that are in favor of wage hikes seriously need to re-educate themselves on how this will hurt them long term.

I do not agree with a minimum wage hike to $15 an hour because it's just not priced in with the current economic infrastructure to support it.

If I were to do it, it would set a minimum wage per "field" type or profession. Each field or profession should set its own minimum wage standard and ignore all this one size "fits" all bullshit. 

It's simple, minimum wage per field type should be according to the current job market demand (no way fast food workers are in demand compared to electricians or nursing). 

It only makes sense to make it $15 minimum wage if you want to further discriminate workers and destroy the work force entirely. 
The minimum wage is the most anti-black law ever created.
As a small business owner I can say first hand that 15/hr min wage would prevent me from hiring for sure. 
Raising the minimum  wage will fix nothing, and devalue our currancy. We need to enable low wage workers to desire better jobs, not demand to be paid more for unskilled labor for a dying, unhealthy industry. 
Our mighty dollar,
Hollow be your name.
Your value come,
Your value go,
In New York,
As in California.
Give us this day our entitled bread,
Pay our debts,
As you do for the rich people.
And lead us not into title loan,
But deliver us from work.
 That was a great Abraham Lincoln quote and one that I had never heard before .
Some people understand that anytime you charge more for something you get less of it and some people don't.  Make it more expensive for business to hire people with essentially no skills and they will hire less of them.
Fuck low wage workers, I want robots. Therefore, I will vote Bernie Sanders because he will bring on the robots by making humans too expensive.
Yeah. What we really want are a bunch of low income employees vying for the helm of the most prosperous country in existence. 
I think, that to kero the left happy,  we should allow anyone to come into the country and be funneled directly to the sanctuary cities. That could allow more than 100 million into those cities and the left could take care of them all. According to the left, they would then be so pleased. Look at all of the entitlements they could create and the tax hikes they could impose on themselves. They could possibly die from happiness. 
When people attack the 1% and income inequality, you know they are fools. Democrats believe you should be able to work 40 hours a week and be able to survive.
However, this is not what the 1% do at all. Every single person I know making $400,000/year or more absolutely busts their ass 6 days a week or more. They work 12 hour days, and even weekends since age 18. They get great grades in college, go to great schools, and work themselves to the bone. 80-100 hours a week of work for decades, could you imagine? These people never stop.
Meanwhile the poor complain that they can't survive on $7.25 for 40 hours a week. Admit it: you didn't go to college, you are lazy, you had a baby too young, you won't stop doing drugs, you hang around the wrong people, and you are greedy. If it were really that easy, wouldn't you be rich?
Be smart.
I think I missed something. The title and a couple of places in the article say "a No-Show Senator" but this person is not named anywhere. 

Who was it that missed the debate? I want to make sure that I vote for him/her.

Hahahahahahah politics is really going fu commie. Jesus guys. This is really an awful article
Love the hivemind here.  Yes let's pay people in the US 5x what they make overseas.  That will surely help us make products at a price people will be dying to purchase.  It's a nice thought that we can take care of our own by paying them much more than others will work for.  It really is.

But all it will do is lose every single investor in these companies all their money.  And all the jobs that go with it.
This very nicely defines the issues with our leftist entertainment/propaganda/"news" industry today. Instead of having a rational discussion over the pros and cons of government mandated minimum wages, we devolve to attacking people who don't agree with the approved thought. Is it possible that government mandated wage controls could have a down side? We'll never know if we limit our information to that fed us by the entertainment industry. Just a thought, but if minimum wage is the problem, why aren't the experts calling for say a $100 minimum wage? That would seem to allow even part-time workers a living wage, what could be wrong with that? Don't these $15 demons want people who are only able to work part-time to earn a decent living? As far as I know, there AREN'T any laws that prevent wage hikes, employers are allowed to pay whatever they can agree on with their employees. That would sure make it seem as if the article were based entirely on a false premise. I guess that's what passes for "journalism" today.
Hilary isnt a millionaire?  
Who do you think debates the same issues on the democratic side? They're all wealthy. Don't fool yourself.
Whew I've been looking for Hillary's campaign center, one question;  why call it politics?
This title is so tacky. How about we all take a good look at who the liberals have leading the democratic poll...Hilary Fucking Clinton. The devil itself. Neither her or Jeb Bush should be running for president. But seriously, Hilary Clinton. 
The minimum wage should be abolished. https://mises.org/library/how-minimum-wage-laws-increase-poverty
Raise minimum wage to $15/HR and nearly all small businesses in manufacturing/welding/construction/etc. go under. Anyone that thinks small businesses that hires welder/etc. can afford to double payroll when they're already working on a &lt;15% profit per year is insane.
Slate actually has a pretty good headline from this:

**Bobby Jindal Drops Out of GOP Race to the Disappointment of His Four Loyal Supporters**
Best tweet I saw today said : 

&gt;This is the second time Bobby Jindal quit a race
My favorite part of this is that I didn't even realize Jindal was running for President.
I hope he will make another spontaneous and real video about him breaking this news to his children.
No one pandered as hard as Bobby Jindal and got so little for it. I think he might have over-pandered. Never go full pander.
Disapproval rating of 70% in your home state and it makes sense to you to run for president? The level of ego is astonishing.
I don't understand how 30% do not dissaprove.
Sounds to me like he's perfectly positioned for a sweet gig as a Fox News contributor.  Seriously I bet that is where he is 1 year from now.
We want less abortions!

How are we going to do it!?

Reduce access to birth control! And then sit there dumbfounded when STD rates skyrocket while blocking sex education and birth control– the very things that prevents pregnancy in the first place! 

Don't forget to cut education to pay for the highest incarnation rate in the world ironically leading to more incarnation! 

And the while ignoring the Affordable Healthcare Act. Money that your Louisianaian paid for in taxes!
New Orleans guy here. He's been campaigning for president for the past two years. Nothing in this state has improved under this asshole. Fuck this guy!
Not surprising, considering his own children didn't even give a shit about him running.

The guy pandered to the lowest denominator in hopes of clawing above 1% in the polls.
Bobby Jindal dropping out of the race for President is like me dropping out of the race to date Emma Watson.
Bu-bye
I guess this can be filed under, 'you get what you vote for'.  But seriously, its like the GWB debacle.  He gets all these votes, screws up and its like no one remembers voting for him.  I just hope LA comes to its senses and votes in some responsible Dems.  
This is really rather fascinating considering where the guy was about 7/8 years ago. He was already being called a 'future Reagan' and was at the very least, a rising star in the GOP. Many had him pegged to be the leading presidential candidate in 2012.

Then he had that awful response to the president on some joint session of Congress. I don't think it was the State of the Union, although I forget.

Flashforward to today and he's utterly irrelevant and massively disliked in his own state. It's kind of a shame really as in the most recent JV debate I thought he was spectacular in going after Christie and the other guys there. None of those guys were expecting it and looked completely flummoxed at how to respond, so they just said, "oh, I have respect for Jindal and don't want to mudsling."

Maybe if the race weren't clouded with Jindal-clones such as Santorum, Huckabee, and Carson, he woulda had a better shot. "Better," not good though. He lost his chances many years ago.
Funnily in the race for 'worst candidate to be President' he was somewhere near the middle from the Republican field.
It will be interesting to see if the republicans can see the disaster that he seems to have made the state and actually elect a democrat for governor. 
He's more unpopular than Obama in Louisiana, a bright red state--the worst governor ever, and that says something with competition like Uncle Earl Long, Jailbird Leche, You are My Sunshine Davis and the recently released from prison Edwin Edwards.  
Louisiana has one of the country's highest rates of political corruption, and it has the largest percentage of its population in prison (more than 1 out of every 70 people is in jail). I'm quite happy to see the Louisiana politician dropping out of the race; as it is, he can't manage a state.
I'm surprised Jindal's approval ratings are that much higher than the nation's Republican-led Congress since they're equally as incompetent, corrupt and stupid.  Then again, Louisiana has a long history of supporting such politicians.  

The good people of Louisiana shouldn't despair since they have plenty of political company in the country these days (i.e., Wisconsin, North Carolina, Florida, Georgia, Michigan, Kansas, etc...which "just happen" to be Republican-led too).  The American people need to band together, turn out and drive all of these right wing weasels and corporate shills out of the public sector regardless of their party affiliation.
If this guy is not a complete and total piece of shit, well, then I'm not some random buddy
So, 30% of the people in LA *approve* of the job he has done? It baffles the mind.
The people of Louisiana have a couple really good things going for them right now.  Firstly, they still don't live in Arkansas. Secondly, this incompetent twit is only governor for 8 more weeks. 
He can start using his real name again so maybe this is a good thing.
Bobby Jindal sees shadow; returns to Louisiana for another 8 weeks. 
TIL bobby jindal was still in the race
And it wasn't too long ago he was considered the next big thing in politics. What a colossal fail.
His approval is so bad that there's a good chance *knock on wood* for a Democrat to succeed him in office.  Polls are showing John Bel Edwards ahead by 6-10+ pts and, more crucially, close or above the 50% mark (something Conway never had in Kentucky).  The election is on Saturday and would've been a black eye for Jindal's aspirations if Vitter lost.
Bobby Jindal says its not his time. I say they don't make a clock with his time on it.
Another rounding error gone
He sounds like a mix of Ray Romano and Kermit the Frog.
Fuck does he care. He'll triple his income as a lobbyist/political consultant/fox news commentator 
I hope Stephen Colbert does a decent 'Hungry-For-Power-Games' send off for him.
Good, one less turd in the punchbowl.
Why someone who was polling as low as he was in Louisiana would think that he could be President is amazing hubris. The same is true of Mike Huckabee, who couldn't keep his television show on the air but thinks people will show up to vote for him.
Bobby Jindal was running for President?  Who could tell in the over stuff GOP race.
Lol. What a joke. There are so many republicans running whose states have a high disapproval rate of their terms in office. What are they thinking? Who told them they could be president?
good.  FUCK BOBBY JINDAL
"Suspended" his campaign. Id have a lot more respect if he just said, "ending" or "no longer running."


The slash &amp; burn technique. 
So his 0,3% are up for grabs? I guess anything could happen now.
LOL I'm throwing a party this weekend to celebrate.
Did anyone know he was running?
&gt;A study by the Violence Policy Center published in late January found the state also has the second-highest rate of gun deaths in the nation, and the state’s rate of incarceration currently leads the U.S. — and thus, the world.
As Jindal’s administration slashed millions from the budget for STD prevention, and prevented new Planned Parenthood clinics from opening, Louisiana developed the second-highest rate of gonorrhea in the country, the third-highest rate of syphilis, and the fourth-highest rate of chlamydia. Despite these alarming numbers, Jindal signed a bill in 2014 that bars anyone affiliated with Planned Parenthood from teaching students about sexual health or family planning.
And though 16.6 percent of Louisiana residents lack health insurance, one of the highest rates of uninsured people in the country, Jindal refused the federally funded expansion of Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act, and declined to set up a state-based health exchange.
Over Jindal’s time in the governor’s mansion, the state’s higher education system has also taken a major hit, with more money cut per student than almost any other state in the country.

Designated
It's hard to take a political article seriously when the first sentence uses the word *incumbent* improperly.  

&gt;Louisiana governor and GOP presidential candidate Bobby Jindal announced on Tuesday night that he’d be exiting the presidential race and returning to Louisiana where his incumbent will be elected on Saturday
Fade into obscurity you worthless shill.
Deep red Louisiana gets the government they deserve every time.  
He's going to end up managing a seedy motel off the interstate somewhere in eastern Wyoming.
Followed the GOP playbook, ran the state into the ground.  Why would this ass even think he had a chance being president?
Narrowing the field down to what, 13? 
I'm shocked he lasted this long.
So, how are the other Republican presidential candidates going to divide up his 0.5% poll support among themselves?
Now he has time to get more tanned and rested. 
He's more unpopular than Obama in Louisiana, a bright red state--the worst governor ever, and that says something with competition like Uncle Earl Long, Jailbird Leche, You are My Sunshine Davis and the recently released from prison Edwin Edwards.  
I can't wait til he gets detained somewhere under suspicion of being a "refugee terrorist." Maybe that will change his tune. 
Whoever donated to that campaign is a fucking idiot
Stop calling him "Bobby" it is not his legal name.
Who? 
i wonder if god told him to quit.
He and others complain that the undercard debate sucks and holds them down, but to be fair Chris Christie was in the main debate and fell OUT of it. So I don't think the main stage debates magically make your ratings go up. Their real problem is that they have like 20 candidates all proposing almost the same ideas, except for Trump, Carson, and Fiorina sort of. 
In a couple weeks all those years of playing up the most 'hardcore republican' will be catching up with him.
Someone desperately needs to edit this article.

"Jindal, who never gained much traction in the primary and recently was polling at under one percent, has just less than two months as head of Lousiana, a state that has been struggling under his leadership."

two months WHAT? Remaining? Under his belt? I know the answer, but yeesh.
This has ruined Christmas, I was singing Jindal all the way. I can only hope now to be on the fat man's good list.
Who?  Ha!  I forget he was running.  
http://www.theonion.com/article/bobby-jindal-lies-parents-about-winning-gop-nomina-51555
The Jindal has been dwindled.
Worst. Governor. Ever.
Seriously, how did he become this way? I was reading his bio and he seems super smart. Went to Oxford and worked at McKinsey. How the hell did he become some political schill? 
Another person we will pay tribute to...the Hungry for Power Games.
Tiny little shit nothing of a human being.
The Jindal has been swindled.
The Governor of Louisiana was running for president?

Huh... learn something new everyday.
Bye, whore! 
Oh I cannot wait for Colbert's Hungry for Power Games segment on this one
If we're all very lucky he'll go away and not be heard from again.
You flew too close to the sun, Bobby. 

But the real tragedy is that you tried to fly at all.
Louisianaians just realizing that Jindal is a Brown man.
Not too surprising, but I do wish more republicans would actually formulate a plan to fix the ACA like Jindal. For better or worse, at least he came up with a plan.
Oh crap, I thought we could keep him out for the rest of his term.  
I would think it would be more.
&gt;Bobby Jindal Exits Presidential Race,

And then there were..... 14^unless^you^are^including^democrats.
Maybe this will trigger more people to vote for local/state elections... probably not, but maybe
who?
Does this mean he'll go away now
And another clown exits the car.
Honestly, did anyone even notice he dropped out?
I hope he loses miserably
That sounds just like what happened with Rick Perry. Honestly I'm surprised it took this long. 
Who?
Let's hope the voters of Louisiana learned something from the Jindal experience.
He was running?
is he going to run for governor again? is he going to win again?
He was running?
Damn, I completely forgot he was running.
Goodbye political career.
Honestly I thought it was going to be Carson, shame. 
Well, he did want the GOP to stop being the party of stupid. He got his wish.
All I can think of is I can't wait for Colbert's next installment of "The Hungry For Power Games".
Will a Democrat win the Governor's seat in Louisiana? 
Glad he won't be able to run the US into the ground the same way he ran Louisiana into the ground.
if you currently hold an office, you shouldnt be allowed to run for a totally different office

his disapproval rating is just - do your job in louisiana
Fucker is truly toast.  
Remember when he was the rising star of the republican party?
Jindal is pathetic; pack it up and go home and rest some more, Mr. Tanned.Rested.Ready.

Dude changed his name from Piyush to Bobby. After seeing his portrait, I was convinced he is ashamed of his roots.
I'd love to meet a Bobby jindal supporter they seem to be as rare as rocking horse turds. 
RemindMe! 8 weeks "Celebrate Jindal being out of office"
Her VP pick will be Bill Clinton.

I believe the 22nd amendment just prohibits him from being elected as president.

Good job, Bobby.  Everybody hates you.
Wait, He was running for president?
I'd bet you $10 he insists on campaigning with David Vitter.
No Shit.  Can't trust a man who tries to reinvent himself.  We know who you are Piyush and you're no fucking Madonna.
Even though Jindal is far from a good governor, I hope that a lot of people out there who are of minority groups are reading comments from the left on threads like this. I am all for criticizing the job a person has done in office and other issues but why bring a person's race into it? 

I am come on left, aren't you guys the ones claiming to be *progressive* yet you repeatedly judge people of color, based on their ethnic background, for not agreeing with your politics. As cocky as the left wing sounds in the USA, I get the impression that they view non-whites as people incapable of making their own decisions. Here you have some guy who tries to truly assimilate into American culture but the left ridicules him because he isn't white. 

As someone of a minority group who was a swing voter, this has truly opened my eyes to the kind of true racism that exists on the left. If you don't give them the votes, get ready to be ridiculed because of your skin tone.
Good riddance, kook.
He still has a higher approval rating in his state than Brownback has in Kansas.
Does anyone else think it might have been funny to see him win?  I just see a brown Kenneth the Page sitting across from Vladimir Putin and laugh my balls off.
He should have identified as Marsha, not Bobby.
Haha.  What a loser.
Yeahhh! get in that last kick r/politics.
Louisiana is historically one of the most crooked states in the country.  It's the most french system of (state) government, and has been a bastion of corruption for decades.  Bobby made great strides in cleaning up the state government, and it's the cleanest and least corrupt that i've ever seen in my lifetime.
Keep reading the title as Bobby Jihadist 
At this point I really can't tell if the Donald is imploding or surging.
&gt; Trump -- who has said he was in his Manhattan apartment the morning of the attack -- doubled down.

Of course he did. 

I'm pretty sure he's sitting back right now, thinking "holy fuck, these assholes are buying it. I actually have a shot!", and shaking his head in disbelief.
The video says the were people cheering on the West Bank. In Trump's defense, New Jersey is on the West Bank. 

Of the Hudson. 
New Jersian here! This is a real rumor here.  I know multiple people that believe it and have even claimed to see a live broadcast of these alleged celebrations on live TV. Paterson was the town in question, not Jersey City. There's an explanation stating that old footage of Palestinians celebrating in the street was aired. So what happened? Here's my two guesses:

1) Viewers most likely saw a celebration (previous to, or on 9/11) in Palestine and misread the caption as Paterson. 
2) Someone in the control room made a serious fuck up and mistyped Palestine as Paterson.

At this point, is anyone surprised Donald will say whatever inflammatory thing he can think of, (the truth of which is CLEARLY irrelevant) to pander to a base
As a New Jerseyan, I find this totally offensive. The people here were devestated, and many of the victims were from this state and many of us come from New York.  This statement couldn't be more false.
I hope anyone who actually supports this asshole understands that he is trying to become the next President of the United States. He is not trying to get on a reality show. This is serious shit.
Anyone remember Mitt Romney? At this point I miss Mitt Romney..
lol a huge portion of Jersey City residents go into the world trade center for work every day.  The path train to downtown was shut down for over two years after 9/11 which had a huge impact on jersey city.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_Trade_Center_(PATH_station)
Trump can seal the election by promising that every american male will get a 10 inch cock if he is elected.

Granted, there are going to be alot of confused people with roosters come January 2017.
The worst part is hearing the crowd cheer...
One day, American elections will no longer revolve around the WTC attacks.
Okay now I'm just utterly convinced that he's insane.
Imagine if politifact existed during the rise of the third Reich. 

"We rate Hitler's statement that a vast Zionist conspiracy to dominate the world is destroying Germany *mostly false.*"
Dude. Why are people even bothering to fact check Trump?

Life is... ridiculous 
The fact that there is a significant base that this shit directly panders to is more upsetting than him actually saying it.
I don't understand how people can still take this guy seriously.
An odd little factoid that no one is going to care about, but I am still sharing for some reason.... 

When they say that they searched Lexisnexis for instances of the cheering on 9/11...

You know how they say everyone remembers where they were on 9/11?  I was actually *at* Lexisnexis.  I actually worked there at the time.  They sent us all home early, and shut down all internal work in the servers because they basically handed the keys over to the government to start investigating the attacks. 

That was an unprecedented action.  As in most companies, production isn't interrupted... ever.  But in that case, they sent about 3,000 people home and shut everything down.  It was crazy. 
Trump will inevitably implode or be absolutely destroyed in the general. The reality is that it's still early, and a lot of the time the person leading at this point is irrelevant 6 months from now (remember Newt Gingrich and his lunar colonies?). To me the scary thing here is that he has become a major rallying point for white supremacists, closet racists, and xenophobics of all stripes.  My roommate went to a Trump event in MA as a joke, and while waiting in line heard  numerous comments along the lines of  “Do you really expect me to believe that slavery is the reason black people have it so bad? Bullshit.” Racism is alive and well in this country, and I think  Trump is setting us back decades. Given his sold out events across the country I'm left wonder if we've actually made any progress on racial issues as a nation, or if people have just gotten better at hiding their beliefs. 
Pants on fire can't melt steel beams!
I knew this motherfucker was scary, but this motherfucker is TERRIFYING.  
Maybe not thousands but I personally saw several groups of people celebrating in the Bronx
At what point is allowing Trump to continue with this bullshit not unlike yelling "fire" in a crowded theater?

But, you know, inside a country of fearful, armed, reactive authoritarians?

This election cycle is literally a living nightmare for people who maintain even a modest capacity for rationality. 
Now I'm convinced that Trump is on some kind of prolonged acid trip.
I'm not sure if Trump is actually racist or if he is just smart enough to play off the racist and xenophobic fears of the Republican base. He's never been this overtly racist in public before he launched this run for president. However, just like Fox News and other conservative media outlets he seems to jump on the racism train whenever a controversial issue pops up. So far it has worked for him giving him a nice bump whenever he has started to sag in the polls. Unfortunately only appealing to the lowest common denominator of the Republican base is going to hurt the GOP in the long run. 
I think Trump has so many "pants on fire" ratings that it's contributing to global warming.
I feel like he and his friends made a bet about how serious of a candidate he could be running on az completely fascist candidate, the joke sounds funny now it's getting sad 
at this point it doesn't matter if trump is lying with these types of claims. people will eat it up and continue supporting whatever shit he spews. 
As a brown guy living in Jersey at the time of 9/11, uhhh go f*ck yourself Trump and Trump supporters.

It was hard enough having to stomach accusations of being a terrorist by random pricks after 9/11, hearing that we CHEERED afterwards?  Come the f*ck on.
Maybe he is referring to the dancing israelis after 9/11?  
 http://abcnews.go.com/2020/story?id=123885&amp;page=1

The PM of israel even said 9/11 was "good for israel"  
http://www.haaretz.com/news/report-netanyahu-says-9-11-terror-attacks-good-for-israel-1.244044

I want to know what he meant.
Facts don't matter
In the Netherlands Muslims did cheer. Saw it myself.
In related news:

[Washington Post’s Fact Checker Doesn’t Read the Washington Post](http://www.powerlineblog.com/archives/2015/11/washington-posts-fact-checker-doesnt-read-the-washington-post.php)

Washington Post, on September 18, 2001, wrote:

&gt;In Jersey City, within hours of two jetliners’ plowing into the World Trade Center, law enforcement authorities detained and questioned a number of people who were allegedly seen celebrating the attacks and holding tailgate-style parties on rooftops while they watched the devastation on the other side of the river.
Accidentally switched over to a am radio station this morning and they were talking about this. They said trump has been criticized over this because it's supposedly not true and politifact rated his claim pants on fire. Immediately right after they said that they said "and now welcome *name* to the show. She says she was there and saw exactly what Donald trump was talking about" it went down hill from there. 
quick search on google of one of the sources they list:

["In Jersey City, within hours of two jetliners' plowing into the World Trade Center, law enforcement authorities detained and questioned a number of people who were allegedly seen celebrating the attacks and holding tailgate-style parties on rooftops while they watched the devastation on the other side of the river."](https://archive.is/uwHGK)


edit:

Follow-up on the same story

["The Washington Post, September 18, 2001, p. A6. In an email to me on Dec. 16, 2003, Kovaleski indicated that his information had come from the Jersey City Police Department, and that he had confirmed the JCPD's information via interviews of eyewitnesses of the celebration."](http://www.centerforinquiry.net/isis/articles_and_books/protocols_of_paterson_scholar_discusses_american_muslim_anti_semitism/)
People in my office keep talking about "Hillary vs. Trump" or "Sanders vs. Trump."

Let's be real, here. This year's coin toss is going to be "Hillary vs. Sanders."
Anything to appease your racist, xenophobic and bigoted base of people.
Did that even need fact checked? 
Another day, another Pants on Fire for Trump. He and his supporters may sneer at PolitiFact and pretend his ever-growing mountain of lies doesn't matter now, but if he made it to the general election he would be relentlessly hammered on them. 
In his defense, it's really easy to confuse Jersey City with Palestine.
At this point, I can't even identify which racists, bigots, or stereotypes he's pandering to.
I think I heard Trump say something truthful the other day: "..and..". Everything else is made up shit.
Many channels did air footage of muslims celebrating from Jersey City as the towers fell. This was one of many fake stories being aired immediatly after 9/11. Trump was not lying about what he saw. He also didn't fact check the news story was a hoax.
The GOP front runners in the Presidential elections since 2008 are like the villains from the Iron Man movie sequels. Every time, an opponent comes up, and I shake my head and think it can't get any worse, only to be even more alarmed in the following election cycle.
Do we really need a check of this kind of bs?
He has had a whole shit load of pants on fire ratings from politifact, and yet.... he rises in the polls everytime he tells a fucking lie. Its like he's some sort of "breath of fresh air" because he doesn't give a shit about lying to our faces, he doesn't even pretend to cover up his lies. And somehow this is fucking working!!! I need to leave this country
[deleted]
When the GOP is considering begging Romney to enter the race, you know they are scared out of their minds.

NOBODY expected Trump to still be in this thing.
&gt;We can never get off Mr. Trump's Wild Ride.
As a New Jersian, you have no clue how much this angers me.
Why does this even need fact checking....? Do you guys realize how many New Jerseyans *worked* in the WTC?
I doubt it was thousands, but I'm sure there were a few sympathizers. Also, umm....couldn't it be more realistic that, in a time of tragedy, people tend to gather with loved ones, share a meal, and console each other? 
I feel like M Night Shyamalon is going to reveal himself as Trump's campaign director at the end of the election.
How someone stays at the top of the polls without making a single true statement is a testimonial to just how brainwashed party loyalists are. They know he's full of it, but like the Detroit Lions fan base, loser or not, he's on the team their pulling for.
Whether he wins the nomination or not, there is no scenario where Donald Trump doesn't come out on top after this whole thing.

He'll spin it to his advantage one way or another.
At the beginning of every debate they should recap on which things from the last debate were fact checked to be total bullshit. That's what I hate about live TV debates. You can say some shit that won't be fact checked in time and many uneducated voters will never see the update proving it false. It's really sad to watch. 
Oof, I feel like an idiot. I have a memory similar to Trump's on this, and I guess it was the rumors/ Howard Stern thing and this whole time I've just thought it was real. Weeeeelp. good to know
It doesn't matter to his and any other GOP supporters if their "facts" are blatantly false. Their supporters will listen and follow anything they say. It's truly amazing how Trump has come this far, scary amazing. Well it happened with Hitler, I guess It can happen with Trump.
New Jersey gets it!
I have a vague memory of seeing video like he was referring to - but it  was maybe a dozen people - certainly not thousands.  I'm not sure if the video does not exist or if it was a juxtaposition of different news clips messing with my memory.  I seem to remember seeing people in the foreground, water in the middle and the (smoking) NY skyline in the background.

(Side note: I despise Trump.)
Fact checking Trump is like pulling over Snoop or Willie Nelson. You already know what you're going to find.
I really hope that Trump gets hit by a bus or something of that nature. What a chump.
Someone needs to fact-check whether or not he made that claim. 
From jersey and have heard this before, especially right after 9/11. 

So glad to hear this anecdotal bs is being fact checked. 
"We rate this statement Pants on Fire." 
Fuck trump. I'm from jersey i'll fuck em up. Some of our stereotypes are right. We are a bit more aggressive, but our state is also beautiful and i won't have some bronzed haired fucking casino bankrupting dipshit insult my beautiful state. 
This is fucking sickening. Now we're playing these dirty tricks to turn people on other Americans...... 
Trump can go fuck himself. 
Has Trump ever said anything that can be construed as Truth?
I've said it before and I'll say it again fuck you Trump asshole.
Are Americans generally aware that to 'Trump'  is a British colloquialism for 'fart'?
Actually it happened in a section of Jersey City on Montgomery and Grove Streets.  
Three days later during Friday prayers a caravan of Firetrucks with American flags deove circles around the mosque blasting their sirens too.
That's not liar pants on fire it really happened.  
And now a Donald Trump production "The Eternal Muslim ". Take it away Joseph. 
This might not be seen by many but so be it. I once saw a framed photo of a man on the roof of the another Manhattan building with the burning buildings in the background. He had his arms in the air and he was smiling. To this day, I can picture his face. 

While I'm not saying Trump is right, there was mass confusion that day. No one quite knew what was happening. 
The support for Donald Trump makes me wonder if the Republicans have any hold on sanity. Empathy is outside of this man'r range of experience. If elected I can't figure out if he will liquidate people first or go to war before he gets around to it.

I am certain he won't think about the consequences of his actions or his words before, during or after.
I think at this point any articles that are upvoted to make trump look bad... Will only strengthen trump and hurt liberals. 



Wouldn't the world be so much better if republicans responded to fact checking by realizing their whole belief structures were based on the lies and misapprehensions they are? Why must we live in this era of endless banal doubling down?
Iranians who chant Death to America were holding candlelight vigils. The fact that a American Arabs in NJ would be cheering is defying all logic. 
"Pants on fire" seems a bit much.  There are enough purported eyewitnesses in this thread (of course they could be shills) to warrant at least a false or mostly false rating.  From their website: "PANTS ON FIRE – The statement is not accurate and makes a ridiculous claim."  This rating should, IMHO, be reserved for assertions that are easily *countered* with documented facts - not something that relies solely on the absence of supporting fact.   

So while we're engaged in idle conjecture - isn't it strange that under the "People" heading on Politifact, Hillary Clinton is listed **above** Barrack Obama and that Bernie Sanders isn't listed at all?  
Donald Trump should be arrested for making outrageously false statements which are meant to incite violence against a community.
So screaming and crying sound like cheers to him? That could explain a few things...
[B A S E D](http://imgur.com/5nKbneC)

[A](http://imgur.com/5nKbneC)

[S](http://imgur.com/5nKbneC)

[E](http://imgur.com/5nKbneC)

[D](http://imgur.com/5nKbneC)
Trump said this? How didn't I hear about this? Secular talk didn't even cover it
I watched whatever video they had first on that link, its actually upsetting to hear people cheering for his ideas. 
That's okay. The classy, luxurious pants from the Donald J. Trump line of clothing are fire retardant. Only losers where pants that can burn.
I think now more than ever, I believe the conspiracy theory that he never planned to actually win the nomination and that he's just going to drop out and recommend Cruz
Just hundreds right?
He's drunk in that video, isn't he.
Donald Trump single handedly ruining his campaign!
I'm a construction worker who was in Jersey city that day. If that had happened those people would have been killed. 
As much as I hate trump, remember this guy from 1993.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Omar_Abdel-Rahman

https://www.washingtonpost.com/archive/politics/2001/09/18/northern-new-jersey-draws-probers-eyes/40f82ea4-e015-4d6e-a87e-93aa433fafdc/




How is this guy still on top of the Republican side? Like seriously...
Attention whore
I'm sure trump's plan to exit the race is to say the craziest shit imaginable.  Little does he know that will only help with the people he is trolling.  I'm around mostly moderate republicans and they are so pissed.  Fucking hilarious.
Want a minute... what???
It doesn't matter to his supporters that it's not true.  If fits their narrative and amplifies the fear within them.  Fox news is turning us into a nation of cowards
What the hell is actually going on with trump. I went away for a couple days for fallout 4 and i have zero sense of what he is even saying anymore.
He's now treated somewhat like a nuclear weapon whose one failsafe short of detonation and neither party can decide whether they should safeguard against this or let it just blow.
What a waste of time fact checking Chump... errr Trump.   He is treating the whole political process like one long Saturday Night Live skit.   Fuck I feel sick living in a country with such low morals... 
The website attempted to get me to download an app. I just wanna read an article...
My mom was hysterically *crying* 
I'll save ya the trouble of clicking the link: "Pants on fire."
Tell a bunch of facts, nobody cares, tell one lie, everyone believes it.
What a twat.
This is what the rise American facism looks like. This went from being comical to full blown alarming.
   It is shocking that people who are his supporters don't seem to know or care about facts.  He says almost anything and his flock applaud.    
I saw on TV people cheering in other countries.  
A store owner back home celebrated the 9/11 attacks publicly and some guys went into his store and shot him up with an ak47.
 I can honestly say that this comment disgusts me. 
Trump has been spouting a lot of bullshit all through his campaign, but this is the first time I've felt personally offended. I'm from Jersey City, just across the river from WTC. The Muslim community here was collectively horrified. I'm pretty well aquatinted with folks from the major mosques in the area. Nobody was more devastated than us. We feared for our country's safety, and our own as a potentially targeted community. I went to an Islamic school at the time and we even had the entire week off following the attacks. It sucked and I remember feeling pretty scared as a fifth grader, not because I comprehended what happened, but because I observed how the adults were reacting. 

This is pretty despicable.
Why would he even say that? I don't understand 
As a jersey city resident: fuck you trump 
So... Seriously here, is Donnie getting Cleverbot to write his public statements?
The more lies Trump says the more popular he becomes among the ignorant fascist demographic.
The people supporting him do not care if he lies.
Fact-checking Trump...bzzzhzzzz...does not compute...vbzzzzzhzzz...
Why would he say this? What could he hope to gain from this statement?
Doesn't Trump have a 70% "will never vote for him" number?
I'm almost not sure what the point of fact-checking GOP statements actually is anymore.  The people that believe the shit that he says aren't swayed by facts in the least.
Trump appeals to people whose unchangeable reality is these lies. It doesn't matter that there's no evidence for them. It doesn't matter if there's evidence to the contrary.

They have *faith* and they'll gladly apply it where it doesn't belong in the name of partisanship.
There were Americans who cheered when the towers fell, but none of them were Muslim.  I was a regular on a website called the Phlogistician's Corner (sort of an early primitive version of reddit) and there were a couple who cheered all day they were happy as hell people were dying in New York.  From there I went bottom scraping around Yahoo chat and Craigslist and there were tons of posts of people saying piss on New York and hoped thousands were dead.  And none of these people identified as Muslim.  They were Americans who hate New York.  They were almost exclusively from Florida and Texas.  

After it was established it was terrorism a few tried to back pedal their comments but a few held their ground, especially at the Phlog.  They always said they were glad thousands were dead and spent their time trolling the survivors.  Then when America went to war all of a sudden they proclaimed themselves the greatest patriots of all time and were happy as hell America was going abroad to bomb the piss out of people. 
This makes me sick. I was in high school then in North Jersey, sickeningly close to Manhattan. There were no cheers in Jersey only tears as I had to watch the administration tell so many of my classmates who's parents worked in the trade center that they were dead. The air stunk for days of burning flesh and material dust. Somebody really needs to give this man what he deserves. Saying I wish he was dead is an understatement. 
"willfully distorts the truth."  You mean he lies.  Trump lies.  I hate that reporters and officials won't just call him a liar.  That's what he is.
This will be forgotten in a week or two.  The vast majority of voters aren't even paying attention to the primaries that closely.  

Add in the fact Trump managed to ruin the credibility of the media by going after Fox news and others.  The seed was planted that the media is dishonest and it bloomed with the CNBC debate.  Media tries to ruin Trump, Trump calls them dishonest, his poll numbers increase.  Rinse, repeat.  

How many people voted for Palin to be 2nd in charge with an old man with one foot in the grave?   It baffles me how people are shocked about Trumps popularity seeing how he is far superior to Palin.  
He has been misinterpreting cries of terror with cheers of joy throughout his entire candidacy ;)
does the donald have an apex likes lucifer does in the lucifer comics, where he can see everything at once as it happens because he's seen a lot of shit
I do remember some Mosque in the Journal Square area of Jersey City having trouble with radicalization, but that's it.
I used to think Trump's madness was just funny, quirky, headline-seeking. Now...not so much. This lie, along with saying BLM person 'deserved' being beat up, makes the world a less safe place for people of color. How many Muslim/Hindu/Sikh people are afraid to go because of this hate-rhetoric? 
Ironically, in having to actually fact check this BS, Trump has won.
As someone who lives very close to Paterson, Trump can go fuck himself.
I don't know why he had to say thousands.  He should've just mentioned the 4-5 Israeli, possibly Mossad spies celebrating in Jersey that later got deported to Israel in the dark of night after being question.   That's a real video, haven't seen one with "thousands of Muslims" though. 
Facts have a well known liberal bias. 
To be fair, millions of Muslims were cheering and celebrating in the middle east.
"In Jersey City, within hours of two jetliners' plowing into the World Trade Center, law enforcement authorities detained and questioned a number of people who were allegedly seen celebrating the attacks and holding tailgate-style parties on rooftops while they watched the devastation on the other side of the river." ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/archive/politics/2001/09/18/northern-new-jersey-draws-probers-eyes/40f82ea4-e015-4d6e-a87e-93aa433fafdc/ ) 
I live in NJ and I remember the stories of Moslems celebrating in Paterson. These stories were quickly (and suspiciously quickly) denied by all the appropriate authorities who were trying to calm the populace. No one believed the authorities. These stories were widely circulated at the time. Trump is not lying nor is he imagining things. Anyone from NY/NJ can tell you this was a REAL story at the time. Whether it was just a rumor and never really happened is immaterial. Trump is not lying, he's just remembering what happened, what we all experienced. The press is openly disingenuous here, obviously they are working hard in their attempt to crush him. 
  
Actually I saw video of Muslims in Patterson celebrating in the streets after 9/11. 
THIS TRUMP IS ON FIIIIYAAAAA!
Fuck this fucking fuck. Does no one in the Republican party have the balls to shut this asshole down? 
What the Trumps, Carsons and Palins of the world don't seem to understand is that when they tell a lie, and it's abundantly easy to find media reports and other records that prove it's a lie, they end up looking like complete morons. Yet they aren't the least bit embarrassed at being caught lying or at least being totally ignorant of the facts. They seem to be incapable of feeling embarrassment.
The political climate in America is so fucked when a fascist like Trump is considered a frontrunner for the GOP.

This man is literally running for one of the most powerful positions on Earth.

The people who support him are quite literally insane.
I think he doesn't know the difference between screams and cheers...
Yet millions of people will still believe him. 
Lol it's not even necessary to "fact check" this.    
As a Canadian... WTF?
I think it's great that Trump is running.  He'll split the conservative vote and Hillary will win with ease.  Whether Hillary will be any more effective than Obama, that I don't know. 
Why did he say this though?

Also from New Jersey. Going home early from school was nice but i didnt see anybody cheer. 
Okay so how is Trump planning on winning the race if 28% of voters are non-white and he hardly appeals to non-white voters? Surely Trump realizes he can win the GOP nomination but the actual race will be a different story.
What an asshole! I live in New Jersey and we ALL mourned when the towers fell. I can still remember my mom crying watching the news like it was yesterday. This really aggravates me.
The problem is that the 63% of eligible voters in the U.S. that actually vote aren't reading this. They hear the claim on TV and the "journalists" don't do their job anymore so they never hear that the claim is bullshit. 
I don't understand why outright blatant lying in politics is legal. Not everyone fact-checks after watching a speech, if someone votes for him because they didn't bother, then surely that's manipulating the vote?
Just a reminder that Redditors are, by a large large margin, under age 30.

Trump's base of support under the age of 30 is about 2%.  

His supporters here aren't indicative of his actual numbers.  Just how obnoxious his supporters are.
Okay...I don't know about thousands...but I certainly remember it being on the news shortly thereafter.  I clearly remember footage of a rooftop cookout type party with people waving flags (I know it wasn't the US flag) and cheering at the towers.

(not to be confused with supporting Trump...I don't support any of them)
After all this criticism, I've concluded that Trump is simply just a shock-jock. 

We need to criticize his supporters, his enablers, rather than giving him more PR.

We need to embarrass anyone who supports him
&gt; Fact-checking Trump's claim that thousands in New Jersey cheered when World Trade Center tumbled...

First of all, they didn't tumble. To tumble is to fall headlong, suddenly. Those buildings collapsed straight down into their own footprints, but I digress. 

8.431 million people lived in New Jersey in the year 2000, according to the US Census Bureau. If .01186099% of them cheered on 9/11/01, then 1,000 people would have been cheering. PolitiFact state that 3% of NJ residents identified as Muslim on 9/11, meaning roughly 252,930 people. If *only* Muslims cheered, then .395365% of them would have needed to cheer for their total to equal 1,000. That's assuming that no others from any other groups or denominations cheered, in other words 0%, in other words a statistically improbable scenario. 

I might give this one to Trump instead of PolitiFact, for two reasons. First, Trump is saying something that has a greater probability of being true than not true, even if the reports of it happening on that day have turned out to be urban myth. PolitiFact states in their article that rumors of 1,000s of people cheering were picked up by the Howard Stern show, so it is entirely likely that Trump did, in fact, see or hear this reported. **I personally remember listening to the Howard Stern Show on at least one occasion when Donald Trump, who happened to be listening, called in to speak to one of Howard's guests.** In my personal recollection Trump listened to Stern, so if Stern reported these rumors then it is entirely probable that Trump could have heard them.

Second, what is even the point of fact checking this? This is going a long way to manipulate people's emotions. 

TL;DR, I don't even care. Who cares? The buildings didn't tumble, Trump makes outrageous statements to get attention, the media obliges him by reporting on it, sites like PolitiFact indulge him as well. Shit post. 2/10, would not post again. 
Do we really need to fact check the shit he spews?
https://youtu.be/G-p1LEBAujE
There were reports of Arabs cheering.  Thousands?  Maybe not.  Trump said he saw them.

https://archive.is/uwHGK#selection-373.0-4075.69
Got some breaking news for ya, Reddit libs: The next POTUS isn't going to come from the left.

Keep talking about Bernie Sanders, though...it's amusing. Especially when in the same breath, you talk about what a whack job Sarah Palin is by comparison.
To be fair it wasn't Muslims is was Israelis. 

It was 3 Israeli men and they were cheering. 

They obviously knew who was behind it and knew what the outcome would be. War with their enemy. 


What's fucked up is it seems like they knew and let it happen. 


So they were arrested right?


Nope sent back to Israel and put on a TV. 


Proof? It's in the articles sources....
&gt;Arguing that there are terrorist sympathizers in the United States  
  
This doesn't need *arguing,* just look at opinion polls of muslims. christ...
I think I can put the future of PolitiFact to rest:

Anything Donald Trump says - Pants on Fire

Anything other Republicans say - Mostly False

Anything other Democrats say - Mostly True

Anything Bernie says - Completely 100% True, here's $10
Luckily Polifact is here to tell me how to feel.

http://www.politifactbias.com/
So where did they cheer then? It's well documented that a large number (thousands? millions??) did celebrate that day, and lots of witnesses to it, certainly many in Europe and the Middle East. Is it just that there's no witnesses or video available of any cheering/celebrating going on in New Jersey that's the issue here? OK, bad Donald.
I seem to remember something like this happening though. 
[deleted]
Trump spouts off way too much and ends up sticking his foot in his mouth. But giving him the benefit of the doubt on this, he's probably confusing the stories at the time of people cheering in Jersey with the footage shown on TV of Palestinians cheering. 
I still can't believe people were allowed make up shit like this and get away with it. Will there be no repercussions?
Well good news is hopefully this is a lot of lost votes. 
/s?
Apparently, the Post reported just that: http://www.powerlineblog.com/archives/2015/11/when-the-press-attacks-donald-trump-the-truth-is-optional.php

I do not expect it to be refuted here though. 
The parallels to hitler are getting downright scary.   He used the Jews as scapegoats for everything that was wrong in Germany at the time.  There are a few other GOP front runners too. 

Bonus points for anyone that kind find Nazi PR quoted from the time where all you have to do is replace Jew with Muslim and get a GOP quote   
I was just thinking that I would love to live in a country that's a lot like Nazi Germany.


it is true, terror continue until somebody will honest and say it. It is coming from radical Islam, be it here or around the world, just look who is creator, every Islamic country.
Pretty sure that never happened? Yeah, it didn't. Trump is pretty much everyone's crazy Uncle and for some reason we all love him now. 
Unfortunately, many muslims did celebrate after 911.  I have no idea if there were any in NJ, but WA and MI had a some.
Wait, I thought we were supposed to hate politifact ever since it rated a Sanders comment as false?
How would anyone prove people weren't cheering in NJ? I don't know about politifact sometimes. I know patriots weren't cheering but NJ is a place were patriotism is below  narcissism by far.

EDIT: I'm looking to know how they know whether it did or did not happen other then just saying No or Yes without establishing proof first. Which should be the main concern for this sub.  

Edit:  https://www.washingtonpost.com/archive/politics/2001/09/18/northern-new-jersey-draws-probers-eyes/40f82ea4-e015-4d6e-a87e-93aa433fafdc/?postshare=7281448290025183&amp;tid=ss_fb  Maybe he wasn't lieing  
Is this post for real? This sub is sad
It's true. September 18, 2001: "In Jersey City, within hours of two jetliners' plowing into the World Trade Center, law enforcement authorities detained and questioned a number of people who were allegedly seen celebrating the attacks and holding tailgate-style parties on rooftops while they watched the devastation on the other side of the river."

https://www.washingtonpost.com/archive/politics/2001/09/18/northern-new-jersey-draws-probers-eyes/40f82ea4-e015-4d6e-a87e-93aa433fafdc/
What about the five Israelis dancing on a rooftop in New Jersey on 9/11, setting up cameras before the event? 

"The New York Times reported Thursday that a group of five men had set up video cameras aimed at the Twin Towers prior to the attack on Tuesday, and were seen congratulating one another afterwards."
The people cheering on the rooftops were in fact Israelis.
We better hope there aren't anymore ISIS attacks on western cities, otherwise Trump is going to become president.
Even if it did happen, who gives a fuck? So a few thousand people were cheering, out of the 300 million that weren't. Trumpt likes to pull fucking obscure points like this as if they say anything meaningful.
Wait, is Politifact good now?
Lol sorry R/politics, you guys need to get your shit together before you have any credibility. MSNBC would die laughing at the blatant bullshit being spewed by this sub. I'm done, I was only here to help open your minds free from what you were being forced down your throat, but I guess you love the bliss that blind belief offers.
As to people's touchiness about mosque "surveillance", I think it's much ado about nothing.  I could care less if NSA had a hi-def feed of my church.  If it is an actual house of worship and nothing more, why would anyone care?  People at a mass should have nothing to hide, unless they are shorting the collection plate maybe...
So this is what Germany was like in 1931. 
This'll be interesting. It isn't often a candidate has a whole speech dedicated to explaining why they believe what they believe. American politics could do with more philosophical debate -- it's at the core of political analysis, but we mostly just ignore it.
I think saying he is not as big a socialist as Eisenhower, is the way to go.  Enough with scandinavia, Americans refuse to make that connection...
Prepare yourselves, intentional misunderstandings are coming. 
I wonder if this will be an expanded statement of ideals that differentiates democratic socialism from capitalism and socialism, or whether it will be a policy speech providing the revenue details of the spending program's he's proposed. 
Not a smart idea to have a big speech on the same day as Clinton. There is only so much coverage to go around and Clinton, the frontrunner, is having a speech on a topic that is on many minds right now, ISIS. I think any coverage he's hoping for will be buried by pundits more interested in picking apart Clintons ISIS approach. 
Show us the tax plan Bernie
Hopefully he speaks to his audience like they're adults. He's done a relatively great job at doing so, so far, but this is a tricky topic to not oversimplify from a political standpoint. I think it would be particularly prudent for Sanders to distinguish himself as a "social democrat," a reformist, rather than a "democratic socialist," one whose goal is social ownership of the means of production [anyone please feel free to correct me, if that's misguided]. 
"socialism"
But is he going to bring enough socialism for everyone? 
I am looking forward to this speech. I am a Bernie supporter.

...but if I have to hear the fucking phrase "millionaires and billionaires" again, it will be anther blow to my respect for him. 

Dude sounds like a broken record, and it's such a damn shame because I think he's got the right idea on such a broad array of issues.
Hopefully he invokes the Roosevelts and not Denmark.
I hope he can touch on some of these aspects of the Nordic Economic System that he so often argues against. 

-The Nordic model is underpinned by a free market capitalist economic system that features high degrees of private ownership.

-Low barriers to free trade

-Strong property rights, contract enforcement, and overall ease of doing business

-Vat taxes
"Denmark collects about 9.6 percent of GDP through the VAT, Norway collects about 7.8 percent, and Sweden collections about 9 percent of GDP. "

-Low Corporate Tax rates
"Marginal corporate tax rates in Scandinavian countries are around the OECD average of 25 percent and much more competitive than the United States’ rate. Denmark’s corporate income tax rate is 24.5 percent, Norway’s general corporate income tax rate is 27 percent, and Sweden has a corporate tax rate of 22 percent. The U.S. marginal tax rate on corporations is much higher at 39.1 percent (average of federal and state)."

-Scandinavian countries do not place above-average tax burdens on capital income and focus taxation on labor and consumption.
Based on the likely content, he should have given this speech on October 21.
I wish he wouldn't. His campaign is not about democratic socialism or any other idealism. It's about solutions to the problems facing the lower two classes. If he gives a speech about democratic socialism it makes it look like 'democratic socialism' is what we are voting for in the way that 'conservatism' is what republicans vote for. I don't give a damn about imposing one ideology over another. I just want broken shit to be fixed. 
[deleted]
I bet he sounds like an old angry white man complaining about the 1% and wall street the whole time. 
"Much awaited" by r/politics. The rest of us have heard it before. 
Just by having "long awaited" in the title makes this a biased article that belongs in the sanders sub
Long awaited by who?
I find Sanders to be increasingly close to the edge of becoming an outright joke and this speech could solidify him as a joke or show he's a serious candidate.
Dear reddit, don't let me forget to watch this when it's available on YouTube.
This title... i swear to god Bernie has his political team on reddit
He is going to avoid talking about what socialism really is.  Instead, expect more boilerplate and platitudes about inequality and climate change.  

He will not discuss surplus value theory or government control over the means of production, or wealth redistribution enforced by state violence or anything controversial like that.  
"So, Bernie. How are you going to pay for anything?"

"We just don't have the numbers yet!" - Sanders 2016


Sounds like a plan... 


Not to sound cynical, but how many times is he and his supporters going to have to re-clarify his position and his political label? At first he declared himself a socialist, and then when there were misunderstandings about that, he re-clarified himself as either a social democrat or a democratic socialist (I don't remember which).

The reason this speech is 'much awaited', as OP's headline references, is that there are still a large number of Americans - many of whom are only now beginning to pay attention to the candidates (and more who still don't know or care, and won't until primaries begin) - who are confused about Sander's labeling and his constant re-labeling. 

I hope he does a good job with his speech and puts the issue to rest. The more he has to remind Americans what his brand of socialism or democratic socialism is all about, the worse he will be off for it.
Much awaited by whom, exactly?

Look, I like Bernie Sanders, but the average American isn't exactly foaming at the mouth to hear a guy talk about political theory.
Today I learned that more people know who Eisenhower was than the people who actually know what Socialism is...

Interesting.
Is this really "much awaited?" 
Much-awaited? Yea, ok.
I wish Bernie would have a debate with Rand paul.. Would be an amazing debate about socialism vs capitalism free markets.
Wow, the anti-bernies are out in full force tonight.
If he starts talking about how we should let in more refugee's he might as well drop out of the election now because it will be over for him.
I hope he explains how he's really going to pay for all he wants todo.
This will be the nail in the coffin for Sanders. 
Wouldn't it be great if instead he had a debate with someone who understands basic economics?
Much awaited by whom? 
i cant wait to have the first 5 pages of my newsfeed be the ultracirclejerk from this shit subreddit and the even worse sandersforpresident, with their vague ass meaningless titles. 'Sanders Vows To Be A Great President'

Despite the fact that he isn't one.
"Much awaited" by his own supporters.
Is it me, or is Bernie Sanders the only candidate who makes perfect sense when he speaks. Just sayin'
The problem with socialism is that one day you will run out of other people's money.
He's not even a democratic socialist. Hopefully he points that out. 
Social democracy =/= democratic socialism.

Bernie doesn't know what he is, and his fans are blind enough to follow in sharing his "democratic socialism"
Ships sinking pretty quick for Bernie. Any momentum he had this summer has come to a complete halt. He is going to have to switch the message of his campaign while staying true to what got him here. The agenda he has brought to the campaign is completely valid, but it isn't a number one campaign issue for sure anymore. Look forward to seeing what he comes up with. 
&gt; Bernie Sanders to deliver much-awaited speech on ~~democratic socialism~~ social democracy Thursday

FTFY
A circlejerk to tell us how great FDR was, "every other major country in the world", how wall street is the worst ever, I've heard the same shit before Bernie, every time he speaks its the same platitudes
the only worthwhile, truthful potential result of this is that he comes out and says that he should have never called himself a socialist or democratic socialist in the first place.
Won't make a difference I fear. As long as the S word is still attached, too many americans will fail to actually hear anything else he says!
I'd watch and care but I actually have a job that requires skilled labor.
This will either change a lot of minds or turn a lot of people off of him. 
Meanwhile Ben Carson is still trying to draw a correct map of the US...

https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2015/11/18/ben-carsons-campaign-made-a-u-s-map-and-put-a-bunch-of-states-in-the-wrong-place/?tid=hybrid_experimentrandom_3_na
I think his idea is solid, ONLY IF there is a trust between the government and the citizens. As a South Korean citizen, I think South Korean politicians failed to establish a reliance that makes you think your tax will benefit you as much as you pay. Once the citizens realize that the government is too corrupted, they wouldn't want to pay higher taxes that will be just extra pocket money for politicians. However, if Sanders can build a transparent tax system that ensures tax payers about their money, it will be worth a shot.
No more college radicals in the White House.  
I hope the old guy wins the nomination, will make it easier for a republican to win the White House.
I'm hoping he'll talk about how funding such a drastic plan will work. I'm becoming more and more skeptical of Bernie as he avoids details of how he wants his plan to work.
TO PEOPLE SAYING HE DOESNT KNOW THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN DEMOCRATIC SOCIALISM AND SOCIAL DEMOCRACY: 

Many european countries use the terms interchangeably now. While by historical definitions, yes he is a social democrat. But language is dynamic, yada yada yada. Point is, hes not out of line with the rest of the world in using the term democratic socialist in this way.
can't wait /s
That's nice.  
Yeah the American public has been really clamoring for this "much awaited" speech by a grumpy old socialist.
I'm sure Republicans will totally respect Bernie's distinctions, and drop their inaccurate Cold War propaganda rhetoric about "godless commie pinkos."
"I want to take more of your money than we already do, without your consent, and give it to other people." Seems pretty cut and dry, not sure why it needs a speech.
If only now people would realize socialism isn't capitalism with a welfare state and realized that Bernie is nothing but a social democrat who misuses socialism to garner support.
&gt;much-awaited

First I'm hearing of it though
He's not really a democratic socialist though.....sure, maybe by American McCarthyism standards. ..
He will thereby become even less electable. 
NPR just had two guys on that were saying they'd give him an F.
I really hope Bernie Sanders wins the Democratic nomination because like it or not, the USA is relatively a conservative nation, and nothing will motivate the conservatives more to go to the voting booths than Bernie Sanders.
he needs to focus on foreign policy asap. IMO.
I wonder how many people who don't already agree with him will actually pay attention to this.
Honestly I'm much more interested in what he'll say about ISIS. It's about time he became explicit about his foreign policy.
12 Sanders articles today. r/politics is becoming more and more boring as the left worships at their Church of Materialism. 
How about he mans up and debates Rand Paul instead?
Taxing the middle class, that's what this is about and Bernie knows it, he has begrudgingly admitted it in interviews. The middle class, that's where the money is. More info: http://www.themoneyillusion.com/?p=31156
Hail comrades.  Be sure to attend this mandatory function and please have your papers ready for inspection.  
Lolololololol
Much awaited... Lolol 
In other news, Bernie Sanders still refuses to debate Rand Paul on the economic issues.
I'm really excited for this. I think there are still tons of persistent misconceptions about democratic socialism, and a speech like this is sorely needed. 
TL;DR: "If you have a lot of money, we are going to remove some from you and give it to those who do not have a lot of money."
This circle jerk has been going on for so long and so hard that surely your foreskins are all red raw by now? 
Hope he remembers to wear his spittle bib this time. 
This can go both ways. For Sanders, hopefully he can clear up misconceptions and show exactly what's meant in a clear and  concise manner. Moreover, announcing it and having it be an event such as this might actually give him the coverage he needs to spread his message.

The potential downside is the sound-bites that can emerge out of context or just a sloppy coverage over all.

A little of column A, a little of column B?
This might sound negative, but it's too little too late... 

He should have never let Clinton off the hook that 1st debate. He will lose and I just wasted my time explaining that to you because you still believe he has a chance.

Let's move on already.
Wow! Can't wait for a politician to deliver a written speech from a teleprompter explaining why communism, I mean socialism works.
I hope JEB? live tweets it so I can laugh at him.
I'll pass
Hide your wallets! Sanders is about to speak.
I think it's a big mistake. He's going on the defensive. He should be using this to go on the offensive during a debate with GOP tries using it as a negative.
the more you talk the more there is to use against you, the media already painting Clinton as the favourite could make this backfire really hard
Dribble designed to appeal to emotion. Nothing new here...
We already know that socialism is about planting corn in Siberia, sending revisionists to the gulag and seizing the memes of production. 
It's not democratic socialism doe...
God, I hope this isn't his Howard Dean moment. I think Republicans get wet (yes the dudes too) at the thought of someone calling themselves a socialist running against them.
Oh man I am so excited for this! :))) 
I guarantee it he's going to find a way to repeat what he says literally every "speech," handful of billionaires, 1 fifth of 1 percent, blah blah. This dude has great ideas, but he's not charismatic enough to become a president, and he's old.
Fox News Headline: "BEWARE - PINKO COMMIE FORCED INDUCTION CEREMONY COMMENCING, AVOID AT ALL COSTS!"
And his opponents will not listen.
much awaited by who? he is polling, among likely demo voters, at 33% - Hilary is at 57%. i do not think many people, proportionally, are waiting on this speech. 
So he is still too dumb to understand the difference between social democracy and democratic socialism? 
I hope it's not vague like that other thing
No.
This is egghead BS.

If he REALLY wanted to be president he would never need this. 
Americans get the government they deserve. Just not the government they need.
"socialism"
While sticking with the Democratic Socialist label is the smartest move for Bernie's campaign, it irks me that he didn't shed that label in the past, since his policy is that of a social democrat.
[deleted]
I am the only one that saw Bernie Sanders with Cyclops eyes in the thumbnail?
What's the difference between Sander's "Democratic Socialism" and a traditional social democracy?
Something tells me he will have already said much of this
I'm at Georgetown University right now in line waiting for Bernie. Does anyone have any questions they want me to ask him?
will be the highlight of his career :P
let me guess, "we're gonna steal from each of you."
I say this as someone that is really more libertarian than anything...

Bernie Sanders campaign is going to change this country. I don't know if it will be for the better or worse, but it will change this country... and that makes me happy. He's shaking things up and that's what we need.
Easy to spend other people's money but what happens when it runs out?? See Detroit 
A former Independent, self-described Socialist, running on the Democratic platform, speaking on Democratic Socialism.

Sounds amazing.
The phrasing of this title makes it sound like he's proposing a new holiday.

"So Tim, is your family doing anything for Democratic Socialism Thursday this year?"
What network is it going to be on? Or is it not going to be on tv.
He's not going to win..let's be realistic
Hah... how interesting... Sanders has hesitated to give this speech, then Clinton announces yesterday that on Thursday she would be presenting a "significant" speech on how she intends to defeat ISIS, her first real speech acting as if she were President and not just a candidate...

...and then all of a sudden, Sanders is raring to go on what day? Thursday. :D

Obviously concerned with her headlines. In a way, it's probably a good move as it will push him to the backpage, so whatever he says during this speech, good bad or indifferent, will be relatively ignored to what Clinton has to say about ISIS.

Why? Because one is topical and the other is just another stump speech.

All that in mind, Sanders needs to be careful with this speech, reality of the situation is, his odds of winning are slipping literally by the day, the closer we get to Iowa with literally zero demonstration of momentum building, the more important it becomes for his limited opportunity to resonate with the voters. 

This speech may very well be the final rally cry of his campaign, turning his chances to the positive, or placing the final nail into his very own coffin. 
Jesus, please resurrect Joseph McCarthy, we need your intercession. 
I'm actually a little nervous about this.

So many of my pals (here in Texas) are highly skeptical about Bernie, so they wish to vote for Hillary instead. This will either be a nail-in-the-coffin move or a revival moment for the democrats that sit on the fence.

I'm honestly surprised that people like my father, and grand-father are even considering Bernie. I just hope Mr. Sanders doesn't stumble at the podium like last Saturday. Because another tumble will spell disaster for those on the fence. 

TL;DR

I hope he has Sorkin writing his speech.
I wish he'd call it social democracy, since it looks like that's what he's advocating. 

Social democracy's actually pretty sweet. You should really give it a go!

Everyone loves social media. Call it "social democracy" and you have a winner.  

Words matter. The bitter sting of WWII communism, socialism is too branded with negativity to catch on with American voters. 

Social Democracy, has a nice ring to it, don't you think? 

Politico's hitjob turned out to be completely false.

from [yesterday](http://www.politico.com/story/2015/11/bernie-sanders-socialism-speech-215965):
&gt;Bernie Sanders’ ballyhooed speech on socialism is now on indefinite hold.
So is this happening: http://www.cnn.com/2015/11/13/politics/rand-paul-bernie-sanders-debate-challenge/ ?

Because I am 100% down.
I think this is a waste of time for him. He's running for President, so he should spend as much time as possible talking to the public about what he wants to do for the country, not explaining an ideology or a political-economic system that the next Congress is unlikely to approve.
democratic socialism just like national socialism but Bernie gets to decide who gets to do business and who doesnt.
I'm surprised he's waited this long. I would hope it's a lot more in depth than his previous remarks from debates and such. Gonna need a little more than just saying the top 0.1% of 1% has all of the money.
Why doesn't he call himself a Social Democrat like a lot of the parties in Europe?
I wonder how reddit would react when Bernie had to terminate some terroristos.
Be honest, how nervous are you guys about this? 
This is interesting, Politico posted an article yesterday saying the exact opposite:
http://www.politico.com/story/2015/11/bernie-sanders-socialism-speech-215965
Another thread filled with "temporarily embarrassed millionaires."
In this thread:  anti-Bernie hate-jerking plus social media shilling
Link to the stream in case people want to watch 

http://www.georgetown.edu/Bernie-Sanders-at-GU-2015
This is much needed, that word(socialist), people can't seem to get past it.
This just in: CNN and Huffington Post are reporting that Hillary Clinton won the speech. 
DEMOCRATIC SOCIALISM IS COMMUNISM
Anyone want to bet how many days it takes for the GOP to link social democracy with ISIS?
I can't wait for Cruz and Rubio to dismantle this one.
-berne sanders is cool i think. i hope he becomes the president 
He really needs to draw comparisons to FDR and how social is not evil. We need a new "New deal" , that brought us things like interstate highways, things like the hoover dam. Show things like "Social Security" has helped millions of people. There was a reason FDR was elected more than any US president ( past, present and future barring any constitution changes ) 
Terrorism and global warming are related? EVERYTHING he says after that cannot be taken seriously.  He proved hes just a political puppet looking for votes.... gtfoh
Wow, let's hear about democratic socialism one more time, just in case people weren't listening. 
It's sort of a nationalistic socialism, the way he explains it.

What could go wrong?
I just remember hearing about how Sanders would be the front runner after Biden declared out. Clinton gained more of his supporters than Sanders. Shows you how out of touch his following is.
Longtime bernie supporter here, I go to Georgetown and just saw this! man i'm hype to see him speak tomorrow
Bernie is a man of the people!
Thank goodness!

Frankly, Bernie's straight forward attitude towards the campaign process is a victory in itself- but in order to establish it as *the correct way*, he needs to win the election. He's the only person that doesn't pretend to answer questions and instead say "dam Conservatives, and God bless America!"

It's refreshing and exciting. That's it... I need to volunteer for him. I am the movement. 

Let me know if you're in Chicago and want to go to one of those meetings/ debate watching parties with me. 
I see it all now.

&gt;Be more like Scandinavia in ways that I cannot identify or explain!

&gt;Care about poor people by exploiting them to justify handouts to the middle class!

&gt;More taxes because all the world's money belongs to America!

&gt;No open immigration because we cannot keep all our shit if the world's filthy poor are allowed in our garden of eden!

And reddit will be filled with thousands of articles about our new messiah.
Bernie is a Social Democrat. He is not a Democratic Socialist, which advocate the democratic takeover of the means of production.
Where can I hear the speech?
Is anyone going to point out that we don't even have a democracy?
Live streaming?
Did I hear national and socialism in the same sentence?
Somewhat ironically, the best and shortest  path toward democratic socialism is if Sanders is not elected. Before the Sanders Reddit Brigade downvotes me into obscurity I encourage everyone to consider this and what a Sanders Presidency would actually mean for his term and beyond. No legislation passed and angering a conservative base of voters and their politicians isn't going to lead to evolutionary politics - it probably would make things much worse and even more polarizing than the alternatives. A Clinton or Republican Presidency is actually much better in the long run.
This is at my school! Wow, I'll be there
Is this going to be streamed online somewhere or on television?
As a socialist I feel that it will be a bit frustrating to see him defining socialism as capitalism with better social programs (which is quite contrary to what the term actually means).

It will be nice to see the word continue to gain popularity however because we need to call the capitalist system into question on a more regular basis in this country where we have an almost religious acceptance of it.
Except he isn't a democratic socialist at all. He's a social democrat. Big difference. I love Sanders, but he's making a fool of himself with this democratic socialism nonsense.
Edit: in case you are confused, democratic socialism is a democratic political system with a socialist economic system. This is NOT what sanders is so he is saying something blatantly wrong by identifying as such. This is why Denmark (I think) made fun of him for saying that they were socialist as well. Social democracy is what he actually is which is capitalism with governmental intervention to be taken for economic and social justice. For crying out loud, just read Wikipedia on both of the terms and you will see how wrong he is about this. Regardless, it doesn't make his platform bad...just what he identifies is blatantly wrong.
Bernie!
In it, Bernie will promise everything from increased paid family leave...to post office banks...to amnesty to the "$11M"...to free tuition for everyone...to unicorns that shit rainbows.

The checkbook will be open tomorrow night, baby!
&gt;has advocated free tuition at public colleges and universities, a single-payer health-care system, guaranteed family leave for workers and a “massive” federal jobs program to put more people to work and to fix the country’s infrastructure.

So its just like a regular socialist? LOL
Good luck to Bernie getting past his name with our zealot conservative friends.
Can't wait to read the articles about how Hillary somehow won his speech.
Anywhere to watch the damn thing?  Or is the media just ignoring it?
I wonder if he'll also explain how great the socialist Sandinistas where too.. he seemed to think those guys where a pretty impressive group.
Union of Soviet Socialist Republics is too fresh in the minds of too many people for something with socialism in its name (Sanders' form of government, for example) to win in the USA.
Is it available for streaming? 
will this be live streamed you think? 
Socialism is a form of Communism.
Keynesian economics + free state college + healthcare reform + increased minimum wage. 

That's what it seems to boil down to. His ideas aren't nearly as far out there as folks make it seem. I think he just is taking a huge gamble by using the word "socialism". 
I think some of you Americans should watch "The norden" series. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jbM9uCxEJDM

It shows alot on how us nordic people are, and how our systems works. 
Familial wealth is the biggest economic problem we face across the planet. Push for a welfare-focused egalitarian meritocracy, and everything will sort itself out. In the least, it'll benefit the vast majority of citizens in any given jurisdiction.
This may be a less than popular view but, as a Bernie supporter, it fucking annoys me that we have to do this.

See, my problem is that he is giving this speech because he wants the people to know what he stands for.  He needs to be so out in the open about that, because his stance has a misleading title, usually associated with a less popular form of government.  And he has that title, because HE FUCKING GAVE IT TO HIMSELF.

I get that he was trying  to be outside the box,  but he has given his opponents ammo to dissuade potentially interested (but uneducated) voters, and now he has to spend time fighting and clarifying his own fucking choice of words.

Just seems like time spend circlejerking that he doesn't have if he wants to win the primary.
happy Democratic Socialism Thursday!
Does anyone know if this will be streamed??
The USA is a hundred years late to the party, all these policies have been taken into effect in the first years of the Soviet Union and in Western Europe after 1945. No one is talking about social democracy in Europe anymore, it has served its purpose and is "establishment" here, the road is heading towards revolutionary socialism since the 60s and there's a huge polarization going on under the masses between a revolutionary proletariat and a reactionary middle class and sub proletariat as its terror gang. 
Where can I watch? Will there be a stream? 
He should probably wait for the Paris coverage to die down. 
Link for video?
Will this be televised anywhere? 
Is this gonna be broadcast on tv? Sorry if it says so in the article, im seriously fuckin lazy
I really hope this guy becomes our next president. He is the most enlightening and genuine politician I have ever noticed. Voting for him is a complete no brainer for me considering everyone on the republican side clearly doesn't have the interests of the average person in mind, and the only other option for the democrats is Hillary Clinton who is a republican running as a democrat that is incapable of thinking on her own. To her credit, she is the best of the republican's, though.
Spoiler alert: It's regular old socialism and it. doesn't. work. 
Clinton has the DNC super delegates for the nomination in her purse.  Sander should just drop out to show the hypocrisy of the whole charade. 
CRUUUUZZZZ
I would love to spend other people's money on my things. So much more fun. But they call that stealing. Wierd when government does it it's called wealth redistribution....


Hmmm 
This guy is really the best hope for the Dems? Looks like a republican term coming up.
Where and when can I watch this? Website is funky on my phone.
When on Thursday is this happening? 
The article didn't talk about where or how we can see the speech.  Anyone know if we will have access? 
I hope the US hears him out and don't dismiss it as pure socialism because its far from it.
Sincerly someone from a country who has had Social Democrats at the head for the majority of the last 60 years.

I do think the republicans will spin it as pure socialism though, because its easier to bash someone instead of bettering yourself.


http://sandersisnotasocialist.com/
American politicians need more power, which socialism (in whatever form) would give.
NPR had a hit piece today on Bernie about Democrstic socialism.  Bernie getting the Republican treatment from NPR.
[deleted]
TL;DR

What Rubio wants to do is zero out taxes on capital gains and dividends. 79 percent of the tax take from this asset-based income comes from the top 1 percent. 400 [of the richest americans provide] a total taxable base of $92 billion.
What I find disturbing is that the 'top percent' - 0.0003 of Americans are upfront and visible.  

The corollary is that the equivalent bottom percentage have no political power other than their vote - and Republicans seem hellbent on even that being a 'right'.  It is outrageous that those Americans whose vote count as much as any retired President, or 5-star Military General would be lead to believe that this is not the case.


How is it conservative politicians keep peddling trickle down economics and conservative voters keep buying into it?

Maybe it is this:

*“Socialism never took root in America because the poor see themselves not as an exploited proletariat but as temporarily embarrassed millionaires.”* ~ Ronald Wright, A Short History of Progress


Not surprising.  He has to dance with the ones what brung him.
Every liberal/moderate/left-winger who plans on not voting for Clinton, if it's Rubio vs. Clinton, pay attention to this stuff.  We're arguing over how much *more* we're going to regulate Wall Street and push for a more equal country.  They're arguing about how best to do the bidding of the rich and the biggest corporate interests.  There is a *big* difference.
I do enjoy that the Debt and Deficit stop being problems for their base the minute the Republicans roll out their insane tax cut plans.
How could we incentivize businesses who are holding profits overseas in tax havens to bring that money back to the US and use it to expand business operations?
Please vote. Please vote. 
I have trouble taking articles seriously that use the expression 'OMG!'
Very sassy title. And long as heck.
We should have no corporate taxes, treat capital gains as ordinary income, and then add a couple extra tax brackets at the top to maintain flat revenue.

This gets rid of double taxation, encourages companies to bring their overseas cash back to either reinvest in the US or distribute to US investors, and keeps total tax revenue the same.
This article is so bad 

Ok first off it doesn't distinguish between AUM and Actual gains 


When it points to the $237 number and the tax base its taking that from the actual AUM not the capital gains recognized

Remember we only tax gains, not the full amount 
Politicians no longer represent the Average American, they represent big money interest
Any one who believes in supply side economics should look into these topics to challenge their viewpoint.

Marginal propensity to consume,
Aggregate demand, and
Velocity of money and specifically types of government spending or lack of spending(tax breaks) and which are more efficient at spurring aggregate demand.


TIL that not taxing people as much, when even with the changes they'll still pay far more both in real and marginal terms than everyone else, is the same as giving them free money and gifts.

Seriously, when will my fellow Westerners realize that globally speaking, we are the 1%?  If the rest of the world demanded a large portion of your income because of your evil, greedy rich self (who makes $25k a year, you rich asshole) was raping the world for your profit?

Ah, but that doesn't count you say.  It only counts when someone has more than *me*.  Well, not at least we've cleared that up.  You're hypocrites.
What a ridiculous and circlejerk headline. Reddit is fucking shit
Tax break applies to everyone.  How is it a gift if it was theirs to begin with?  Honest question.
How are you guys this stupid.
The fact that the author is a colleague of Joe Biden automatically disqualifies this article. 
I don't understand all this fuss. 

Trickle down is great for everyone. 

Except the people who get trickled on. 

If I get enough upvotes, I might, *might* rephrase this as a haiku. 
So basically the one multi-billionaire who's still giving him money?
How many people are the .0003%? I mean, how many individuals is that? I can't imagine it's all that many - which just emphasizes the point that this is a measure to help specific donors. 
Well shit. I guess I'm running out of candidates that I don't completely hate.
the 2011 unofficial us census book had charles and david koch's at 21.5 billion net worth today on the bloomberg billionaire index they each had 52.3 billion imagine they both went up over 30 billion in 4 years and they want more breaks from the feds... the question should be "how much do you guys need" 
Increase the Income tax at the State level or don't either way the federal tax rate will continue to drop.
First there was the 1% but then came the 99%......now prepare for the 0.0003% !  Coming this fall to a congress house near you .  
When I first read this I thought OP was taking about Rubios Fresh Mexican Grill. It made no sense.
He's hoping that those people will help pay his credit card bills.
Don't worry it'll trickle down.
How many people is the top 0.0003%? I would image it would sound even worse if we had the actual number of people that it is. 

Edit: 400
Let's be clear, Rubio doesn't have any plans of his own.  He is too busy campaigning for plans
I reallllllllly hope this "liberal republican" party gains some steam. They're real republicans, they're real conservatives worried about the things conservatives should be worried about. We need the Republican Party to get back to its original pre reagen self or this country is going to get worse and worse. I feel like the current generation of republicans in power right now don't know what they're doing or even saying for that matter. The really crazy thing is that if you talk to a younger republican, they usually consider themselves liberal republicans, everything they say makes perfect sense. I don't know man, I just think this generation of republicans right now is just so corrupted that they just do as they're told. It's like they are a bunch of frat boys who got their jobs because of someone dad knew.
Honestly I just can't wait for Trump to damage his campaign just like Jeb since Rubio is pretty much just Jeb with more emotion 
So, like, 1,000 people...
ELI5: Why do candidates do this? I understand why you want to say "I have a tax plan" but why include giveaways for your donors in the plan? Why not just have a nice middle class advantaged tax plan, privately reassure your rich donors that it's a bullshit campaign tactic, and scrap the whole thing once elected? Why be honest, I guess is my question
If 0.0003% is accurate, that's 967 people.

Could you imagine being such a piece of shit that your economic plan for a country of a few hundred million focused on helping less than 1000 of the richest of the rich get *richer?*
I'm still waiting for Rubio to learn the difference between total dollars and percentages. He seems to think if one person gets a 20% increase in their post tax burden and another gets a 5% increase it matters how much they made before.
Doesn't suprise me. He was sucking at the sugary teet of the fanjul brothers in Florida during the last election cycle and the one before that....come to think of it, they basically propped this clown up....They are like the Hispanic koch brothers in case you were unfamiliar 
Fuck republicans 
But they're the wealth creators!
Well, who else is going to create the jobs in this country? /s
Why do liberals hate success and esp. successful minorities?
The bottom half pay zero in federal income taxes.  Apparently the bottom half don't know math but they are gullible enough to believe this article. How do you give a tax break to someone that does not pay taxes?
TIL reducing the amount taken from you by force is a "gift"
Yay, more cat food stew for the rest of us!
TIL, stealing a little bit less money is "bequeathing a massive gift".
Must be nice to be uber-rich and have the Republicans working so hard for you.
The wealthy have figured out it's cheaper to buy a politician to change the tax law than to pay taxes.  It's simple math.
[deleted]
Shit will never end until citizens United ends, never
Where does it say he's "gifting wealth" in the article? Not taking away, and giving, are completely different. 
For those wondering, that means that everyone reading this will have their tax burden increase
This article doesn't seem to mention the fact that Rubio wants to abolish not only the capital gains tax (which is bad enough as it is), *but also the AMT*.

Maybe a tax nerd around here can explain it to me, but without a capital gains tax *or* an AMT, I can't figure out for the life of me how a very wealthy individual who derives his income solely from investments (rather than a salary) would pay *anything* in federal income tax.
The biggest problem here is not that Rubios cutting a tax. It's how he's paying for it, or isn't. His plan at the most conservative estimate will add a trillion to the defict, where will that money come from? If it's from cuts from the social programs that help the middle class and poor, that's an acclucation of money from bottom to top, which is a strange economic strategy when wages are stagnant. And wealth is already flowing mostly to the richest. 
How is this not treason?
Isn't this all Republicans economic policy ? Need more trickle down economics, its proven to be so successful in the past
does it call the Walton family out by name?
How many people are in the top 0.0003%, like 5?
Well that should send him right to the top of the list of GOP contenders. 
&gt;the top 0.0003%.

Or as we'd say in the context of Russia, the five riches oligarchs and their families.
Sometimes I wonder if they aren't secretly communist infiltrators sent to show us the potential evils of capitalism. 

"The bolshevics send their regards."
wait, is the Rubio plan, or the Ryan plan ???
Instant Lapdog... just pour money. 
Quick, everybody act surprised!
The top 1% already pay for 30% of *all federal tax revenue*.

You know how you don't like congress? It is not reasonable to give that Congress their effectively unlimited budget to fuck around with, all on the backs of one tiny group of people.

Another solution should be found.
Meanwhile "socialist" Europe is creating more jobs than the United States.

http://money.cnn.com/2015/07/15/news/economy/europe-america-workforce/
This sub has really become "let's attack anyone we see as a threat to bernie sanders". Bunch of poor losers looking for handouts. 
The sad thing is that this man is the best republican candidate.
If only Corporations had higher profits!!!  Let's not worry to much that corporate profits are already the highest percentage of GDP that they have ever been (11% GDP).  Sooner or later, it will all trickle down!!!
Funny how this "trickle-down economy" never seems to benefit 99% of the citizens it's supposed to be helping.
Fair enough.  Why is that money taxed twice or three times?  Business income is taxed once when a company sells a product, again when the company files its own taxes and then a *third* time when those funds are paid as dividends.  

Why?  Why should shareholders pay a third tax when they've already paid taxes on that money twice?  Wouldn't cutting those taxes encourage investment?

While we're at it, why do we tax passbook savings interest?  Since the Washington Post is so concerned about the other 99.9997%, why do they get post-income-tax money taxed a second time when they earn their 0.0000000003% interest on it at the bank?

Wow rubio just won massive points with me. Capital gains should absolutely not be taxed. They are a triple tax: 1 money is income at some point 2: capital invested generates corporate taxes 3: if profits on investment, tax it again.

I am so opposed to all capital gains taxes.

This will also massively simplify the world of needing crazy tax sheltered accounts between 401Ks 403Bs IRAs and so forth.
Hole E Shit, this article and analysis is absolute political slandering garbage. Not once does this asshat spell out the specifics of Rubio's plan or provide a link to his website which does. If you want to argue against Rubio's tax plan, have the testicular fortitude to show the specific metrics that "enrich" the wealthy and shit on the poor. What a rag of an article...
Only the establishment and racist Latin bloc can stand Rubio. Their second choice after Bush foundered as the Great Establishment Hope. 
It's shit like this that makes me so upset when people say both parties are the same. 


How fucking stupid can you be?  Does Rubio actually think he's one of these people?  Does he think they appreciate him or like him for it?

This is like a super awkward kid buying a hot girl a drink because she winked at him.  Once the girl gets her drink S&amp;R walks away and pretends the kid doesn't exist.

"Hey guys!  I did that tax thing you wanted!  Let's hang out this weekend!"

"Oh, um, yeah, Marcus is it?  That was real swell and all, but you're not really our type.  Super cool of you to do that tax thing though.  K?  Thx Bai!"
Ok everyone, calm down. We all know the money the save will trickle down to us all!  /sarcasm 
Well he has to actually show up to work first for any of this to happen, fuck Rubio. 
Must be an election cycle because the Washington Post is for sale again.  Garbage newspaper.
/r/Liberal back at it again.
Capital gains are purely the result of job creation, so intercepting that value takes it away from being reinvested into creating more jobs. 

Government spending only creates half as many jobs because it is SPENT rather than invested, which destroys about half of its value to the economy.  So, voting for reducing capital gains taxes is basically voting to increase the quality of jobs that are available.

When you try to stick it to the top 1% you're only sticking it to yourself because their investments are what determine your own choices in the job market.
How dare we let them keep their own money, we must take it to pay for our stuff!
Sure, let's just give this guy the country's credit card.
[deleted]
He's spreading the wealth too thin, the commie-red socialist!

I want no more than the top 0.0000124% to get all new income revenue, all the rest is socialism.
That goes to (approximately) the top 96,000 people unless I'm doing my calculations incorrectly.  The absolute wealthiest of the wealthy.

I'm about ready for the top .0003% to be taxed on a one time 99% of their net worth as punishment for corrupting the government and fucking the rest of us so badly.
As a Marco myself, this deeply sickens me.
Who will think of the wealthy? Won't someone think of the wealthy!? 
Wouldn't the top .0003% literally be like a few hundred or thousand people?

Edit:  Holy shit I wasn't wrong.
Isn't .0003% of 330 million like nine people?
I hold the Washington Post in quite high regards and to me the quality of that article is terrible. The language is very primitive, it reminds of something I'd read at cracked.com. The agenda is very clear there is no nuance and reflection in the article. Basically it's sensationalist fluff which I don't expect from the WP but perhaps I hold it in too high regards?

PS: I don't particularly care about the US presidential election circus but I do hate the republican party. If anything I have a bias towards liking this article...
*Voluntary transactions in a private economy are evil!*
Oh no, the top .00003%ers. Ugh who cares 
The GOP can't win without my vote. And they haven't earned it with this.
Can we stop pretending like the income tax revenue we get from these increasingly small segments of the population are significant? The top .0003%? Really? Hemorrhaging revenues?
What, Marco Rubio is a fucking douche hole?

I had no idea.
Do you people believe every little thing the completely biased liberal media says? First off, America is not a socialist country. If you wish it was, well move to one of the plenty failing countries in Europe and enjoy you're free stuff and your 100,000 dollar honda's. Second, a capital gains tax is redickaless. There are plenty of countries with out them. Why does the government feel the need to tax everyone on every little thing. Capital gains tax effects anyone who has any retirement investment...or anyone who owns a house. We live in a completely over taxed country. The conservatives want to cut taxes for the wealthy because it is not fair to tax them so much. They should not be punished because the work hard. 80+% of all millionaire are first generation rich, so they worked very hard. Go away to Europe if you want to be lazy and suck of them.  
&gt;zero out taxes on capital gains and dividends. That’s because taxation on these forms of income, currently taxed at a top rate of 23.8 percent

I'm not sure this is entirely accurate. Correct me if I'm wrong, but the usual rate for taxation on income of this type is 15%, and has been since the Bush tax cuts. I think you only pay more than that if you've held the assets less than one year, making them short-term gains. Long-term gains, ie. greater than one year, are taxed at 15%. 

So this boondoggle of making the rich pay a much lower rate for sitting on their butts while people who actually *do* something pay twice as much, has been around for a long time.

Admittedly, Rubio's plan to reduce it from 15% to 0% is still insane, but I wanted to point out that it's less of a drop to 0 than the article claims.
&gt;and dammit, he's going to fix that


No, no he wont, cause my right foot has a better chance of getting elected.
 0.0003 % ≈ 60,000 people
318 million Americans  x .003 = so few that even leftists should relax.  If you people want to keep living off the rich's  tax dollars you had better leave a few of them around to feed on.  
The Koch brothers have enough money that they don't care. They can't spend it all.

I am tired of this democratic narrative that the rich are greedy. They are not, and why should they be forced to give out their money to the lazy (who democrats will always cause less fortunate). Who gets the credit? When have the less fortunate ever thanked the rich for personally funding not only their salaries, but for the social programs? Never, because the government and the democratic party gets all the credit.
Don't worry, this is just trickle down economy. Everyone knows that if someone has a lot of money they always give it all away. /s
That's like 960 people. You guys are getting your panties in a bundle over 960 people. 
This article is very clearly biased, and I'd encourage you guys to look further into the issue and see the entire story (such as this being part of trickle-down economics behind his plan) from various sources, specifically non-liberal ones. Not that I'm voting for Rubio, I'd much prefer to see a democrat in office, but he's certainly one of the better candidates imo. You guys are writing this guy off as Trump pt 2, he's nowhere close to that.
Well isn't the motto of the Republican party: 'Tax the poor and the blue collar workers to feed the opulence of the rich so that the rich do not have to pay taxes.'





Isn't it the same with their wars? Send those who can't find decent jobs over here, overseas, carrying dirty guns with an amoral flag overhead to chase down lucrative contracts and to insure that real progressive democracy does not take root to impede or take hold in countries that have stuff that we want...Cheap?
I'm not good a politics, but why do we want to increase the richest top 1%? Did they not earn it fairly? Is it because they have way more? I don't get why we want to increase their taxes to 50%+ just because they earned more? 
Nobody should have an income tax. What we need is a property tax where your base tax rate is based on the number of acres you own - you own more, you pay more. Deductions are then taken on ability to pay the base rate. Corporations, perhaps, get an additional bonus: They get to take a deduction based on the total amount paid to employees. This can also put raise-the-minimum-wage arguments to rest, as the companies will now have a financial incentive to pay more than minimum wage.
I like the implication of the title that the government is entitled to people's money, and any form of tax break is a gift. 
I agree, but his "past" sure is [hilarious](https://scontent.forf1-1.fna.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xfp1/v/t1.0-9/11012425_10207685729283907_5132862315379760726_n.jpg?oh=a1d83216e926328fb8e8bb8479f4a4ab&amp;oe=56C79FC7). 
Conspiracy theory time.   Have you ever wondered why something always seems a bit off with Ben Carson?   From his semi-conscious demeanor to his seemingly fabricated past, something just doesn't seem right.   

I think Ben Carson is a Turing Test.  It's an elaborate plot to see if people can spot a robot designed to blend in with the 2016 GOP menagerie. The test was doing well until he started surging in popularity.  Closer inspection will show that he was assembled in a Malaysian factory supervised by Japanese robotics engineers and programmed by the same Apple coders that wrote  Siri.
&gt; “Here’s my prediction: My prediction is that all of you guys piling on is actually going to help me, because when I go out to these book signings and I see these thousands of people, they say, ‘Don’t let the media get you down,’ ”

Yes, Dr. Carson, we know that the only reason you're running is the gravy train.
"Damn Emails" round 2, I guess. Looks like Bernie's consistent about frivolous crap stories on either side, which is nice.
[But He's a brain surgeon and all brain surgeons are boastfull](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=THNPmhBl-8I)
To me the salient point is that Carson behaved erratically when challenged on even the simplest matter. 

The West Point "scholarship" is a non-issue. He was a gifted youngster who was told he could get a free ride at a military school, and he was ignorant of the fact that all students get free tuition at West Point.

He was caught in a stupid mistake. And he reacted like a lunatic.

The fact that this creepy weirdo is doing so well in the polls should be a wake up call to the Republican establishment. The crazies who constitute your base are more interested in fringe conspiracy theories and Bible hoaxes than actual political matters. 
Call him out on the stuff that matters

Can't believe the media is paying more attention to West Point (which I do see as a hilarious lie) than what he said on medicare. I'm so over it at this point.
Por que no los dos?
&gt;“Now I know the media is very concerned about what happened in people’s lives 30, 40, 50 years ago,” Sanders said. “But frankly for the American people, what is more important is to understand what his absurd views are on the major issues facing our country.”

Murikan media just got told
http://i.imgur.com/KVQu9Iw.jpg
Dr. Carson reminds me of a less polished version of Gilderoy Lockhart.

I find that terrifying. 
Beliefs inform actions. Dr. Carson has shown that his beliefs have only a cursory relation to actual reality. And thus I can only assume that his actions will only be based on his perception of reality, instead of actual reality. Therefore I can't trust him at all. I wouldn't trust Ben Carson to run a food truck, let alone the most powerful country in the world.
To rational people, he's not wrong, but... to Carson's supporters, it's probably more relevant that he likes to embellish the truth like, well, a politician.

The crazy crap he says isn't a dealbreaker to them.  If this sticks, it might be.
It's so bizarre that when people are listing their crazy views *by which they will govern* well, no big deal. But oh god, he made up some story in the past or he cheated on his wife once, down with him!!!

We have such a sick media that they won't ever question actual policy and governing philosophy - you know, the thing that actually matters - but instead will only nitpick at personal failings.

I suspect this is because they want to create the illusion that they still are the fourth estate, that they advocate on behalf of the people by informing us about governmental malfeasance, but they don't actually serve that role at all, they're sycophants. They never question the important things - real policy, real actions taken by the government - but instead focus on human failings like infidelity or lies unrelated to governance. That way they can tell us that they're still doing the tough investigative journalism, advocating for us against the government, when they actually would never really do such a thing. Not for a long time.
I'm with Bernie on this.  So Carson maybe exaggerates his story when he's on the inspirational chicken dinner circuit, so what.  Carson's views on the Constitution are dangerously ignorant, he obviously thinks he knows better than the Founders and seventy-five years of Supreme Court justices.  His total reliance on a particular interpretation of a book written well over a thousand years ago, and since translated several times by people who however well-meaning, had their own agendas.  We should go back to living in the Bronze Age?  He's willing to write off the last two hundred years of a whole branch of science - physics.  Does he believe the moon landing was a hoax?  If not, does he understand that much of the science that made that possible is the same as that which leads eventually to the conclusion that the universe is expanding?  

That's what is relevant to his candidacy for the GOP nomination.
People often chase what their lacking, like Mr. Carson, for example, became a brain surgeon to find out what he's missing. 
Ok, here I disagree with Bernie.  He's far too charitable.  Seriously, we don't deserve him.

Carson's past informs his absurd views, so it should be examined.

And what he says about his past tells us a lot about what he thinks will impress or persuade us.  For instance, if he never actually tried to kill anyone, why did he think that we needed to hear a story about how he had violent tendencies and is only here now because he prayed away the violence?

And the whole of the lies about his past paints a pattern of deep-seated mental problems.
His past is important because Carson makes it important.  It is the centerpiece of his campaign.
There goes that Bernie Sanders, being all reasonable and grounded again...
I get a serious psychopath vibe from him with all these lies.
Problem is his absurd views are shared by an absurd amount of people. 
I &lt;3 Bernie so much that now (like Morgan Freeman and a few others) every time I read something he says, I hear it in his voice.  I just realized this.
I've got to hand it to Bernie. He might be the classiest Presidential candidate we have had in at least 15 years. Every time he is baited he brings the discussion right back to the issues, and not the person. 

Despite being pretty noble about the whole thing, he still comes across strong and confident whereas guys like Jeb end up seeming kind of weak and toothless.
Carson is just plain scary.
He gets it.   Sure his past is basically on par with Pecos Bill, John Henry, and Paul Bunyan, but none of that really matters.  The fact that he's a fuckin present-day nut is more concerning because nutisms form his policies.  
I'm not a Bernie guy, but I do love the lengths he goes to in order to expose and raise awareness of the crazy shit that's up with other politicians. I understand that any candidate would do that, but his approach is very effective.
While true, seeing someone so glibly lie about themselves to achieve the highest position in the country is very revealing.

And a sure sign of someone we never want in the White House except as a tour visitor.
How has this man gotten this far? I feel like I'm taking crazy pills every time I read his delusions.
His past doesn't matter if he is crazy now!
I agree with Sanders 100% on this. The media is getting its panties in a wad over the wrong things entirely. Please LOOK at Carson's current statements on what he plans to do if elected. NOT what some idiot kid did 40 years ago and NOT what he claims he did as a kid. People's memories are not always that exact over stuff like meeting some general when you are 17, and maybe that general did say he could help get young Ben an appointment ( not that simple - please google how to get an appointment to West Point) 
I just shake my head at how Bernie consistently tries to focus on the issues, and the reaction from the media is "yeah, yeah....but what about what he said forty years ago???"

Tired of what appears to be an utter failure to uphold their role in our society. 
That's some good politic'n by Bernie. Attacking the republicans helps demonstrate he's tough enough to win a general election.
Well to be fair Carson's history of lying and plagiarism is indeed important. We're talking about the most powerful position in the world and Carson's response?

"Carson blasted the media scrutiny Friday night, telling reporters at a press conference in Florida that "there is a desperation on behalf of some to try to find ways to tarnish me because they've been looking through everything, they have been talking to everybody I've ever known, everybody I've ever seen.""

Carson does understand he's running for president not and infomercial or bible study leader right?
&gt;“Now I know the media is very concerned about what happened in people’s lives 30, 40, 50 years ago,” Sanders said.

I don't think that is ultimately true.
What they are interested in is that the difference between the actual past, and his claims makes him a bold faced liar, trying to manipulate the electorate with sob stories.

Which is of interest, because the topics Sanders want's to focus on, are things that a decent chunk of Carson's audience actually supports.

Talking about that does relatively little in terms of election-outcome. It merely clarifies which Americans believe in what.
And if you are lucky, some will change their mind after hearing arguments why what they support doesn't work or is wrong.

That he is manipulative and a liar should, on the other hand, influence his core Christian audience, and should be of interest to them.
had he ever been inside a pyramid, he would realise how inefficient they are as storing grain!
I keep hearing about his reputation for honesty and integrity which predates his political campaigns.  I hadn't heard of him before he started showing up on Fox several years ag.

What is the source of this reputation, and how did he earn it?
http://i.imgur.com/fZMo5Le.png
Good, pave the way for Trump.
His most absurd view is that there's this invisible sky magician who created the universe in seven days.
I like how Sanders has the audacity to call someone else's views "absurd".
There Sanders goes again with his incessant drive to run an honest race.  It's upsetting to our normal election discourse.
I don't follow politics but I feel like the Republican party has turned into a circus only appealing to low iq trailer trash. Like they stand zero chance anymore. They are drafting the celebrity apprentice and religous fanatics. Their last candidate was a Mormon and we all saw that south park dumb dun dumb dumb dumb. I'm not a hard core Democrat so plz give me something at least interesting to vote against for. Because rebuplicans have turned into a white trailer trash comic satire thing. Like embarrassingly bad.. even if the democratic candidates suck why would I vote for some joke religious fanatic or some twitter douche bag. I'm not even a Democrat hardcore but republicans ur embarrassing as shit. Fucking throw in the towel so a new party can compete fucking idiots. You stand no chance. It's laughable to even think about at this point.
Carson is what happens when a man only reads two books: the Bible and a textbook of neurosurgery. He is terribly ignorant about almost everything.
Sure has been fun watching Carson's inevitable implosion. Who's next? 
Even when it's deserved, Sanders not going for the ad hominem. Props. 
This is why I vote for Bernie
I agree.  Anyone who does not believe in evolution should not be president in the 21st century.  It's dangerous. 
"I had a brain tumor, so I removed it myself... Alone, at night, in a storm, on a pirate ship, with a wooden spork. 

From that moment on, I knew I would become a brain surgeon when I grew up."

Ben Carson


Damn, Bernie gets right to the point. Funny the presumptive Democrat candidate hasn't weighed in yet.
Too bad he didn't add "...and Hillary's corruption, Wall St/AIPAC/corporate/Establishment ties, blood-stained record of imperialism &amp; warmongering, more important than Carson's absurd views."

Especially if you're posting stuff in front of a lib audience vast majority of whom would never vote for Carson, but would vote for Clinton.
It just dawned on me that soon we'll be seeing Bernie Santa Claus memes and how wonderful that will be.
Savage
Well a study of his pasts eems to reveal that he's borderline pathological so I think that's pretty important. 
Ever notice Bernie always has his hand up in the photos. Like he's forcefully saying something 
Bernie (or my pet lizard) would make a better president. But want to know why I want Carson to win?  For four glorious years of the best laughs a nation could have.

I want him sent to Russia and China every week just to hear the Inspector Clouseau misadventures he causes. He can come up with better material than any prior president, guaranteed!
Probably already made an appearance on R/thathappened
Probably already made an appearance on R/thathappened
What Sanders fails to realize is that Carson's past dictates the present. Always delve deep in the past. People don't change. 
The weird part is that his actual life story is amazing.

Why make shit up?

To shoot the moon?
I'd love to see Sanders debate Carson and support their plans with real numbers and not political hyperbole. 
He lost me at "All the tests burned!" 
Where was the media's vetting process in Obama's transcripts from Occidental College not being released?  Why no outrage?  Didn't the media call anyone who questioned Obama's past a racist?  Aren't they being the racist now, only because Dr. Carson is running as a Republican?
How do actual facts become a witch hunt?
I agree with Sanders that Carson's views on the issues are more important, and I like that Sanders has the integrity to point that out.

But for one time I actually do agree with what the media is doing here as well. If our politicians are liars, I think the media should call them out.
They go hand in hand like peanut butter and sulfuric acid. 
the parthenon was moses chicken farm.
But his views and his retelling of his past stem from the same basic character flaw--dishonesty, i.e., ignoring the truth to promote oneself or one's religion. 
Past behavior is indicative of future behavior. Perhaps his absurd views could be attributed to his skewed views in his past. 
I disagree. I think how he chooses to characterize his past is very relevant to the kind of person he is, and actually sheds a ton of light on his absurd views. 
He Berned him better than the media ever could.
Ben Carson and Bernie Sanders in the same headline? TO THE TOP!
Sanders:  he will be forgotten in 9 months. 
DING DING DING

Thank you, Sanders!
I find it very easy to read Bernie's quotes in his own voice now.
I won't vote for Bernie. He's too old, and his views don't line up with the middle majority. 

However, I do like how he refuses to bullshit. There is important shit and there is bullshit and he refuses to engage with bullshit. Trump would have ran with it. 
I can't wait for Trump to ask why Obama didn't face this kind of scrutiny..

You know, like the time he claimed to eat dog.

And who paid his tuition? Where are the transcripts ? 
oh look,  another one of these. 
Exactly how conservatives view Bernie.
Bernie is doing the right thing--trying to shift attention from HIS past and absurd views.
R/politics - circle jerking Sanders more important than eating 
While I support Bernie Sanders, I have to disagree with him here. I would characterize them as equally important, because both speak to his credibility and fitness for duty in the office of the President 
"I am a socialist heathen" -Bernie Sanders (loosely worded)
Sure.... What else would a communist  say?.... Not that there's anything  wrong with communism... 
A building rests on a poorly built, crumbling founding that is expensive to continually patch and maintain.

Someone steps in and says, "For the sake of this building, and its longevity, we have to tear out that foundation, and replace it."

One of the people in the crowd says, "Ohmygod, this guy wants to take away the foundation, and just leave the building to crumple to the ground! The building *depends* on that foundation. Removing it is **absurd**."

Someone else in the crowd will chime in, "This guy wants to make life so hard for all those people who are relying on this building right now! We have a situation that is stable, and so just by dint of that stability, it should never be changed."

And lastly, another person from the crowd pipes up, saying, "You know what is really **absurd**? That this guy thinks that you can ever replace a foundation. The building is on top of it, and depends on it. You wouldn't be able to replace the building without absolutely tearing down the building, and going from the ground up again. What he is proposing is not just technical impossible, it is **absurd**."

This comment will be very highly downvoted.


This is like Fidel Castro calling the Ayatollah's views absurd. Pot meet kettle.
To be honest, Sanders is just racist.  He can't stand to see an African American in the white house.
If that ain't the pot calling the kettle black. 

[ Is this the same Sanders who doesn't know how interest rates work?](http://i.imgur.com/RPKZOxK.jpg) 

[Is this the same Sanders that thinks Uber is unregulated and what it needs is more regulation to work?](https://reason.com/blog/2015/08/07/bernie-sanders-says-he-has-serious-probl) 

Is this the same Bernie Sanders who wants to double the minimum wage while also saying he loves black people despite the fact every time the minimum wage goes up it hurts black and minority employment? Is this the same Bernie Sanders that tries to grow government every chance he gets despite government programs being hugely wasteful and ineffective? I don't think Sanders has the right to call anyone's views absurd before he takes a look in the mirror and shows some humility while recognizing his own shortcomings.
 It is kind of funny how Bernie said he won't be pursuing negative attacks yet he is doing exactly that. Can't trust a candidate that can't keep a promise, or don't make a promise in the first place.
and why does reddit keep putting these sandars posts up top of my list again?
yea, but the past is still pretty important, isn't it Bernie?

like that time when you claimed that the average woman fantasizes about being gang raped?

you're right though: "absurd views" are more important - like feeding young people your outdated ideas of a communist utopia where you can sit around in starbucks with your Mac computer working on your boring novel and expecting a welfare check to subsidize your useless existence because "it's unfair that people who contribute more to the economy make more money than me"
I'm so glad only redditors like Bernie or else this country would be in huge trouble
Carson's views are almost as absurd as democratic socialism. There's a reason socialism and dictatorships have gone hand in hand, no one is going to vote to give away their shit. 
Are people beating up on him because they can't understand a black conservative?  He doesn't fit the label liberals put on him and they let out their suppressed racism because he doesn't play the victim card. 
Or not. ..
But not Sanders' absurd views, right reddit? Fucking idiots. 
The left is really that afraid of a black Republican. Interesting... 
Would probably end up killing fewer people that way.
Qatar's Response:

"Slaves don't cost money"
Seriously, if ISIS is still around in 2022, what do you think a huge target for them would be? 
Qatar shouldn't be hosting the World Cup at all.
I really like this guy. It's easy to let yourself fall back into the consumer society and forget about what's going on in the world. This guy seems like he truly wants to turn not only this country, but the worlds perspective back facing the right direction.
Except Qatar is [busy funding ISIS](http://www.esquire.com/news-politics/politics/news/a39727/paris-attacks-middle-eastern-oligarchies) along with the UAE, Kuwait and Saudi Arabia. 

Some allies America has, huh?
They sympathize with ISIS unofficially while hosting the largest and busiest Air Force Base we have. The hypocrisy is incredible. 
Oh I bet reddit loved this.
&gt;we need a commitment from these countries that the fight against ISIS takes precedence over the **religious and ideological differences** that hamper the kind of cooperation that we desperately need.

There's the rub, right there. It's actually religious and ideological **similarities** with ISIS that are preventing the Gulf dictatorships from fighting them. 

The Islamic State is basically just trying to set up another country modeled on Saudi Arabia; they are taking their religious guidance from some of the same theocrats that guide policy in the Gulf states, and their financing comes from families of the dictatorships in the Gulf.

If ISIL is successful in setting up a functioning country, it is Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Kuwait, UAE, and Bahrain that will be the first to internationally recognize them, and to sponsor them at the UN. 

Qatar and Saudi Arabia aren't taking refugees because many of them are Shia, and the Gulf dictators want the Shia to go to Iran, and the Sunnis to stay and overthrow the secular Assad and help create another Wahhabi-based theocracy.  
Qatar most likely funds ISIS. Al Jazzera won't report that anytime soon.
They don't give a shit,  they largely agree with isis positions.
Um, Qatar funds ISIS
More empty rhetoric.

What I want to hear is..."As President, this is how I will get Qatar to spend its money fighting ISIS instead of hosting the World Cup".

Qatar is funding ISIS 
Lol a lot of ISIS support comes from wahhabists in Qatar. 
Or funding ISIS, while we're at it.
Actually they're dong both.

Oh wait, did he say "fighting" ISIS?
Funding ISIS is more their speed
If you consider that the money stays in putting on the World Cup, Qatar would immediately become the largest target for ISIS which will also make most people not consider going coupled with the fact that this vast amount of money would probably be better spent fighting a common national threat than hosting a game however entertaining the game may be.
Bernie makes sense here.
I actually heard him say that we need to make a new international anti-Terrorist organization similar to NATO, but involving all of the nations that stand to benefit by combating terrorism, particularly against ISIS. Qatar was an example he used of someone who would be a key partner, but seems to be focused on a more frivolous cause. He also mentioned, I believe, Russia as a key ally in this NATO-for-terrorism.

The thing is, every single piece of speculative fiction I have ever read regarding fighting terrorists involves an international organization like NATO with the purpose of combating terrorism. Why don't we have this already?
This is why I'm voting for Bernie Sanders.
Qatar is too busy funding ISIS to fight it.
This might be unpopular but I feel like Bernie's approach with ISIS is tenuous. Earlier this summer he suggested Saudi Arabia use their "third largest military budget in the world" to fight ISIS instead of us. Now he's making a similar statement toward Qatar. The problem is these countries will not fight ISIS for a few reasons: 

-they might buy up lots of military hardware but it's all for show. Most of their armies lack training and discipline. 

-Some implicitly, and in the case of some Saudis explicitly, support ISIS 

-Just because they're all Muslim/Arab doesn't mean they care about the plight of other "sub-races". Look at the ethnic tribal hatred in Africa, or prejudice toward Irish and Italians in the US in the early 20th century, or how many of Asian descent hate/dislike/distrust Asians from certain other countries (Chines hate Japanese etc). You even get black people who discriminate against blacks with darker skin tone.

I'm no expert on the Middle East, but I think Bernie's presentation of Saudi Arabia and Qatar as the heroes it needs are a bit exaggerated. In my mind, their leadership is indifferent toward ISIS at best, and at worst, supporting them behind the scenes. 
I wish a few countries would be bold and boycott this shit show of a World Cup. 
How is this argument any different from, lets say: "All the people in the world should stop spending money on useless New Year's Fireworks and spend the money on education/healthcare instead" ?

There is an enormous amount of useless waste of money in the world, and I mean in the amounts of being able to give food and water to every single person in the world. Pointing it out won't magically make the owners of that money donate it away.
Least controversial opinion of all time. 
lol, Qatar?  

Pretty sure a lot of them help finance ISIS

edit: /u/not_a_persona has a very articulate response that is actually way more insightful than what Bernie said
That's some racist bullshit if I've ever heard it. Why does Qatar have any responsibility to fight ISIS? The Swiss didn't fight the Nazis despite their proximity and shared language.  Qatar is a quarter of the size of Switzerland and has a quarter million citizens.  Switzerland has 8 million. 

The Qataris are incredibly moderate. They fund liberal televisions stations, not Wahhabist schools.  

Oh and by the way to date the Qataris have spent $3 Billion (nearly 10% of what their government spends in a year) supporting Syrian rebel groups who are now fighting ISIS and Assad. During the Arab Spring they armed Libyan Rebels and bombed Yemeni forces loyal to the deposed president there. Their military has only 11,000 men. I don't expect them to fight a war they didn't start simply because it's near them.
The good news is that Qatar has the money to do both.
Finally someone who is not afraid to say the truth about Qatar and Saudi Arabia. That they are extremist countries who are not democratic and also fund terrorist organizations.
Whenever the "Government should spend money doing X, not Y" argument is made in /r/politics, the response is usually something along the lines of "GOVERNMENTS CAN DO MORE THAN ONE THING, YOU IDIOT!!!!11"  
This actually is the first time Ive been shocked by hearing something Bernie said.

Though ISIS is probably more of a threat to Qatar than to the USA, its not a real threat to either.  Bernie loves democratic socialism and is criticizing Qatar for their spending? Qatar itself is clearly an economically socialist country not because of worker treatment (which is horrid) but because of its welfare system geared toward ethnic qataris.   

Everyone is criticizing the qatar investment on the world cup but what they dont realize is that its kind of like an economic experiment.  They are in the best position in the middle east to do something like this because they have higher reserves than the other players.  The per capita spending on the world cup in qatar dwarfs any other world cup by a factor of 100.  Qatar has spent the most money overall ever on a cup, and 100 times more per person than the next runner up.  They are attempting to spend an amount of money that is analogous to an economic critical mass which will offshoot enough economic activity to power them through an economic transition from oil.  

Whether or not you think current indicators show this is working, it is surprising to hear Bernie Sanders advocate war in place of an economic growth initiative.  Especially when that war is a known quagmire which only gets worse the more money is thrown at it (and has clearly not reduced terrorist incidents in west).

They are obviously a flawed nation, but so is the USA and no one would step on their throats for trying to do the same thing.

Furthermore, Im not sure if he himself feels this way, but ISIS and terrorist extremism fundamentally springs from economic conditions that people are born into.  Those economic conditions are propagated by the USA taking what benefits them and leaving chaos in their wake.  Im not sure why hes suggesting that gulf states cannibalize each other and flatten their states with carpet bombs because he doesnt want the US to pay for it.

So ..... he thinks the aggressive US approach is 1) justified 

and 

2) an act of charity to the arabs?  The arabs control the worlds major oil sources and basically sign that over to whoever runs the world.  The choices are USA, and Russia probably.  They went with the USA of their own accord and have been with them since then, even the current oil price "war" is an orchestrated drama between the USA and OPEC to dominate Russia and China in this same game.

So basically the arabs have provided this lifeblood to the USA economy instead of the rest of the world powers.  The USA only takes military action in flatout tactical operations like when oil is threatened eg. their only interest (desert shield, desert storm). 

The reason ISIS and terrorist groups exists, essentially, is that they are pissed off that they gave the lifeblood to the yankees instead of the others with promises of greater world prosperity.  

What did they get instead? Tugged on a string for over half a century as pawns in the proxy economic wars that have replaced the cold war.  

Now, also remember most muslims want a democractic solution to israel that favours the area of mandatory palestine formerly held by the ottoman empire be run by a democratically elected representation of the jewish and other arab inhabitants of the area, which the USA and EU have clearly opposed from day one even though they preach peace for the area.  In fact, they are exacerbating this issue by providing military and tactical support in clear proxy wars that desecrate the gulf for intangible future economic gains in america.

At this point, it is clear that in exchange for being given power over the worlds oil resources, they act like this is a favor to arab nations, and propagating the political and military climate in the middle east with uneven and arbitrary military interventions is **also** a favor.  This is what ISIS is mad about.  

They dont care about prositution or drugs or not being muslim, they are trying to steamroll the west with their own lifestyle brand because they feel thats what the west has done to them.  As an act of aggression and revenge borne from feeling wronged by being puppeted by the west since the end of WW2.  Everything that ISIS or muslim extremists have ever done, was spurred by the USA treating them like this over the course of history.  I have never agreed with the actions of muslims extremists, and I hate everything they have ever done.  But extremists and myself both have the same reasons for disliking the west (even though im a western citizen and native).

In the wake of the recent attacks, no one is willing to admit that extremist attacks in the west are a result of people acting out due to the west's actions.  No one is willing to admit who the real creator is.

So its surprising to see Bernie Sanders take a position more suited to politicians like Rubio, Trump, or whatever republican nutcase is in the spotlight.

No matter how much I like a politician, they never have the balls to admit that americans have enjoyed the worlds leading economies and lifestyles for the past century in large part due to the fact they controlled the worlds fuel.  And now that America has grown into this massive economic powerhouse, he has decided that kids in vermont shouldnt have to pay taxes to protect the saudi royal family.  

The saudi royal family could have given their oil to the russians.  If they did that, Vermont kids wouldnt have to worry about paying taxes because they would live in a desolate west with no income for taxation.  

You know what, go ahead and stop protecting the saudis and emiratis and qataris bernie.  Lets see what happens they have to go with the russians, who will consolidate that supply with the rest of the world that they control including other gulf states like iran.  Then lets see how satisfied Bernie will be with following through on leaving the onus on muslim nations as he sees fit.
Duh
 Hahahahs.. Yea right... Why would they when they are funding Isis.
Has Daesh/ISIS attacked Qatar?
Why would Qatar fight ISIS when there are more willing nations to fight? Let them sit back and build their stadium /s
Why not both? They sure have enough money.
!remindme december 2022
Yeah, fucking A, the same amount of people will die.
I keep waiting for other Islamic countries to step up and take responsibility for the crazy ones in their congregation.
They sacrificed too many foreign slave workers for that :(

Just curious: isn't ISIS an existential threat to all neighbouring countries?
They paid Sepp Blatter good money for that World Cup!
In all seriousness, hosting the world cup is not spending money. It's an investment with a huge guaranteed payoff. I get that maybe that money is better spent elsewhere for now, but hosting the world cup is like paying a dollar today for 5 dollars tomorrow
Why would Qatar want to fight ISIS? That's like suggesting Saudi Arabia or America should fight ISIS.
I'll feel sorry for all the skilled migrants that will be sent to fight ISIS.
Bernie just sour grapes that the US lost the bid to Qatar.
Bernie, you're missing the beauty of the plot, see.... the World Cup in Qatar will be a terrorist magnet! 
qatar is paying ISIS , just saying
Qatari nationals are part of ISIS's funding:

&gt;Grossing as much as $40 million or more over the past two years, ISIS has accepted funding from government or private sources in the oil-rich nations of Saudi Arabia, Qatar and Kuwait—and a large network of private donors, including Persian Gulf royalty, businessmen and wealthy families.  -- Newsweek


People here think fighting ISIS is a clean and clear cut mission. However, what people don't realize is that ISIS lives in areas where civilians also live. Everytime you hear of somebody dropping bombs on terrorists, there are more civilians being killed and injured than terrorists, and that actually creates more antagonism against the western nations.

Fighting ISIS in a way that is winnable means there is no clean way to fight. It means putting soldiers on the ground and incurring casualties while sitting tight for the long run until the area has stabilized on its own. But our naive sensibilities of trying to keep our hands clean and inability to be patient with constant losses of our soldiers' lives only makes the job last longer and ultimately cost more lives.
I doubt they'd fight ISIS even without the World Cup.
He's not wrong, but humanity as a whole is using money incorrectly. War is over, if you want it.
Great now not only is Wall St against Bernie, he added FIFA to the list.
[Isis: United Nations Security Council resolution planned by world powers to declare war against group in Iraq and Syria](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/politics/isis-world-powers-plan-united-nations-security-council-resolution-to-declare-war-against-group-in-a6741181.html)

Qatar, KSA, and Kuwait are three national supporters of Daesh named by western security agencies.
Tell Bernie Sanders the one who have power to isis should he the ones fighting isis which basically is the super powers
He's not wrong.
America should spend its money helping the homeless, instead of building nfl stadiums
Qatar hears your message and will begin training counter-terrorist terrorists immediately. They will suicide bomb public venues and behead the family members of any ISIS members they find!
Oh fuck that! We support ISIS! Don't you remember we brokered the deal to release five terrorists from gitmo for your deserting soldier Bergdahl guy?
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bowe_Bergdahl

Those stupid Americans!
More like: Qatar should stop funding ISIS and bribing FIFA officials.
He says that like he would do anything to fight isis
Ah trying to win over the r/soccer vote
They really could do both
They chose not to

Never signed the refugee treaty
I feel like ISIS definitely has the world cup as a target.
my goodness i didnt think bernie had it in him to ever criticize anything or anyone that happens to be muslim. 
Why would Qatar spend money to fight  a group that it helps fund?
I thought we were all calling it Daesh now?
Not even president yet and already sticking his nose in other countries affairs. :')
Hahahahaha !! Before the recent attacks, no one wanted to defeat Daesh (with the exception of the Kurds and Iraq). 

Qataris fund ISIS and other extremist groups, the House of Saudi-~~Iran~~ spreads the toxic ideology which feeds such groups. 
But Bernie is not a warmonger, am I right?

Soccer might be boring but at least nobody has to get killed.
Every single football team at the domestic club level agrees with you Bernie!

Every single football fan not from Qatar and neighboring countries agree with you too Bernie!
I love it when Democrats tell people how they should spend their money.
C'mon now. That's a stretch there, and you Bernie Circlejerkers know that too. Qatar will host thousands of guests and other tourists, stimulating the economy. If Qatar wasn't going to make money on this, they wouldn't do it l. 
AKA "Qatar should stop spending money to improve its self and help spend money the for the US' interests"

I like Sanders, but fuck that logic... Qatar should do what Qatar wants to do. It's the US who created ISIS not Qatar.
Yes because bringing a huge western sport into another culture couldn't possibly be a good thing. We aren't going to defeat Isis with bombs, we need to win the hearts and mind and we can't do that with guns and bombs we need blue jeans and rock and roll
So he's anti-sports too. Great now he wants to take away the one good thing this country has left.
.... Or they can do both. 
Too late, won't have enough for both. 
Am I the only one that has realized that this politic is seriously suggesting the instigation of violence? Be it what it may be, he prefers that people die bringing down structure than bringing up structure?
Crazy old imperialist right there.
&gt;We need to stop funding college football until every student who wants to go to college can go to college


Politicians sure have a lot to say when they're running for office. 
"Nobody should be enjoying themselves when that money can be going to fighting ISIS, you should all be ashamed of yourselves" - Bernie Sanders.
I agree. Why the fuck should we waste money on sports when it could go towards pracitcal issues and solving problems?
Typical Sanders, wants to use others people money for his problems.
Bring the World Cup to the United States or else...

just keep building those stadiums. Winter world cup would be tits!
Bernie loves to tell people what to do with their money. 
How can anyone take this economic illiterate seriously? Is he really that daft that he doesn't understand that the world cup would stimulate the US economy and in turn benefit the middle class by boosting local businesses with tourist money. What a joke. It's sad to see that the internet has claimed this guy as the nation's savior. 
Yeah, they need to stop asking us to fight their battles for them.
Wtf does Qatar have to do with Isis? 
Is this a taste of Bernie foreign policy?
Bernie should spend his money trying to get the nomination not shake hands with Hillary
if you say only popular opinions nobody will notice the blowback of actually executing your ideas
Mother jones / Bernie is in a free fall in the polls. The gop wants him as a candidate as he is unelectable. 
even a broken clock is right twice a day.
Bernie is wrong on 2 major issues and it will cost him the election in an otherwise enlightened campaign. 1. Support for Syrian rebels, and 2. Support for taking steps to combat "climate change". 
See ya later, Bernie. DO like that socialized medicine plan though.
Typical liberal telling other people how to spend their own money.
Oooh a motherjones article discussing Sanders. Let the dick stroking begin!
I love how anything this man says makes it to the front page. The cult of personality with this man is so strong on reddit. 
But Qatari royals already spend their money on ISIS.

http://www.washingtoninstitute.org/policy-analysis/view/qatar-and-isis-funding-the-u.s.-approach
Why isn't Bernie Sanders saying it, that ObamaCo shouldn't be trying to overthrow Assad?

ISIS is blowback for Bush&amp;ObamaCo imperialism.  Bush wrecked Iraq, then Obama wrecked Libya and Syria, and armed a bunch of anti-Assad rebels that later on became al-Nusra &amp; ISIS.

Why the hell is it so important we overthrow Assad at the cost of hundreds of thousands of dead, millions of displaced &amp; refugees, and greatly boosting Islamocrazies like ISIS?

Why isn't Bernie willing to call a spade, a spade, and say Obama is an imperialist warmonger war criminal mass-murderer, just like Bush?
Man this guy has a plan for everyone else's dollar all over the world.
This guy could fart and Reddit would be all over his nuts
Bernie's view of foreign policy: Spending other countries' money.
Telling other countries what to do with their money?  
Pronounced "gut-ter", an Islamic monarchy. Sharia law, public floggings and stoning for alcohol consumption or illicit sex. 

Owns Al Jezerra. Some wealthy Qatara citizens fund extremist Islamic groups. 

Our allies.  
This is true when the shootings have political, religious, or social motivations. Anders Breivik and Dylann Roof are terrorists, James Holmes is not.
Terrorism is not about color, it is about motive.  A black, brown, white or plaid person who is attempting shocking, public mass murder to forward a political agenda is terrorism. A black, brown, white or plaid person who is mentally unstable and killing randomly is not terrorism.
[deleted]
Yes, it is, there is even a name for it, "Domestic Terrorism" and there is a whole task force in the FBI devoted solely to responding to it. 
Hi, is this where I go to make pointless semantic arguments?
Actually mass shootings aren't always terrorist attacks... Sometimes they are just mass shootings. The definition of a terrorism is someone who uses violence for political purposes. Not all murderers are political in their motives... 
Gosh this just seems to be "calling anyone who hurts anyone is a terrorist". 

I like the pre 1990 definition:

1) an attack on civilians or civilian property/infrastructure
2) designed to further a political goal
3) committed by a group, or individual associated with a larger group with political aims.
Oh, that's just the tip of the iceberg...

&gt;[Rawles writes that the following are characteristics that qualifies a person as a potential domestic terrorist:](http://www.networkworld.com/article/2228920/microsoft-subnet/ridiculous-dhs-list--you-might-be-a-domestic-terrorist-if---.html)

* Expressions of libertarian philosophies (statements, bumper stickers)

* Second Amendment-oriented views (NRA or gun club membership, holding a CCW permit)

* Survivalist literature (fictional books such as "Patriots" and "One Second After" are mentioned by name)

* Self-sufficiency (stockpiling food, ammo, hand tools, medical supplies)

* Fear of economic collapse (buying gold and barter items)

* Religious views concerning the book of Revelation (apocalypse, anti-Christ)

* Expressed fears of Big Brother or big government

* Homeschooling

* Declarations of Constitutional rights and civil liberties

* Belief in a New World Order conspiracy

So, here's the problem -Remember that hideous Patriot Act we were told would expire in just 90 days and has been here for 14 years? It allows the government to circumvent your constitutional rights IF you are a "terrorist."

And the definition of "terrorist" is as broad and malleable as tarot card readings. 
&gt;Dallas Mayor Mike Rawlings (D) said he's more afraid of "large gatherings of white men that come into schools, theaters and shoot people up."

When has this happened?



It's a frightening thing when we have to discuss the definition of "terrorist".  This word should never become so broad that we have to discuss whether or not it applies in a given situation.
"Since the beginning of the Bush administration when we were attacked, Sept. 11, we’ve not had any major terrorist attack in this country."

Really? I guess the Boston Bombing wasn't "major".
\#whiteshootingsmatter
Is he trying to say that a single crazy guy dressed as batman shooting up a theater is the same thing as an organized group shooting innocent people in the name of a religious ideology? I don't think so.

If he's saying that radical islam is similar to nazism, then I agree

mass shootings are always terrifying but not always terrorism. The examples of white male mass shooters in recent history have been crazy individuals not organized terror groups like we see so regularly from one group these days, that whenever we hear "bombing" in the news we know the next phrase will be "islamic".
Come on, Huffington Post. Was the spooky Confederate flag image necessary?

This is moreso bait than news.
From the article:
*Dallas Mayor Mike Rawlings (D) said he's more afraid of "large gatherings of white men that come into schools, theaters and shoot people up."*

I am not aware of large gatherings of white men shooting people up.
[deleted]
Mass shootings by anyone with political motivations are terrorist attacks, who said otherwise?
So Seung-Hui Cho and Aaron Alexis were not terrorists but James Holmes and the determining factor is simply their skin color? 
Brown: "Hey black people, you're right, white people are evil terrorists; vote for me!" Is basically what I got from this.
But when a Muslim shoots up an Army base or beheads his coworkers it's workplace violence.
http://www.dhs.gov/see-something-say-something

&gt;So if you see something you know shouldn't be there—or someone's behavior that doesn't seem quite right—say something. Because only you know what’s supposed to be in your everyday.

*sigh*...
Classic red herring. Why do these people continue to ignore that the root of Islamic terrorism is Islam and radicalism?
I'd go with gangs more than anything else. They at least fit the current definition. 
Does the distinction really matter?  Is a religious zealot killing 100 people in the name of god somehow scarier than someone who just felt like killing 100 people?
What is the ideology connected to it though?  As far as I can tell its a bunch of losers that felt outcast and decided to make everyone pay. 
*According to data compiled by Mother Jones magazine, which looked at mass shootings in the United States since 1982, white people -- almost exclusively white men -- committed some 64% of the shootings.*

*Black people committed close to 16% of the mass shooting Mother Jones looked at, while Asians were responsible for around 9%.*

*Whites make up about 63% of the U.S. population, blacks 13%, and Asians 5%, according to the latest census numbers. Latinos account for some 17% of the total population.*

White rate: 64/63 = 1.016

Black rate: 16/13 = 1.231

Asian rate: 9/5 = 1.8

If you're gonna be racist, at least pick the correct group to be racist against.

Source:
http://edition.cnn.com/2015/06/27/us/mass-shootings/
I mean... kinda. But there's no real political agenda, and no organization to target, so what benefit would there be in treating them like a normal terrorist attack?
Blatant racism on politics? Must be about white people. 
How bout any race?  
So lone gunman mass murders are terrorists? How about gangs on the south side of Chicago, they're "organized" armed groups in opposition to the US government and law. Sherrod Brown hates white people. 

There are white terrorists, but mass shooting =|= terrorism. Dylan Roof acted alone, and he will receive the death penalty. It's a non starter and a false equivalency. 

Edits: Corrections to autocorrect
I disagree, the defining characteristic of terrorism isn't that its violent or that it spreads terror. If thats were all there was to the definition then horror movies would be terrorism.

Terrorism needs to have the goal of advancing an ideological or political idea. Dylan Roof was advancing an idealogy. McVeigh was as well, but not all mass shootings are done for an idealogy. Columbine had no idealogy, Newtown didn't either.
So are mass-shootings by government.

Fucking politicians.
What about when they wear blue uniforms... 
Is gang violence w the intent to incite chaos not also terrorism?  Were the Ferguson and Baltimore riots not also domestic terrorism?  Maybe we should call those 'activists' terrorists and see if it puts a lid on that kind of nonsense.  All terrorists are fighting for a reason, all means are justified in some way.  Just because you have a purpose doesn't make it OK.  The end
Oh look, delicious race bait.
Why is it that America does not want to recognise mental health issues? 
Just wanting to kill everyone isn't the same as wanting everyone to fear your ideological movement. If you hate everyone it's not the same as hating infidels. Religion that tells us to kill is not true. The basis of morality it knowing right from wrong.  Any good religion teaches peace and understanding. I'm sorry that we now have to change the beliefs of so many misguided religious fanatics. It seems the only way to do this is kill many of them. The beliefs that we fight are like a virus. We have to fight them in a similar way. 
Who would disagree? Violence for any political gain is the literal definition is it not? So yes, whites who do mass shooting are not terrorists but whites who do mass shootings to make a political gain are. Fucking duh.
"But there is an additional factor that doesn't get discussed as much as it should: the role of a distorted (but also extremely common) form of moral thinking in the psychology of men who commit mass murder.

I'm talking about the tendency of mass shooters to fixate on perceived injustices ranging from racial and sexual slights to various interpersonal and career-related failures. Shooters are murderously angry — and they're angry because they feel like the world has failed to give them the rewards they deserve."

Just read that last line there, and let it sink in... Men who feel like the world has failed them. Men who probably have had terrible injustices committed to them, and they were given no other out - but death. But they are not going to just kill themselves - they want to take down those who they feel caused this with them (wrongfully and misplaced as it might be). Yes, these are all terrible people, but don't you think for even a minute that they were *born* this way. America has failed men time and time again... and now the SJWs don't want us even talking about our emotions or even celebrating ourselves. No they want us to 'shutup', put food on the table, be a perfect man, and suck it up - or she's taking the kids. And you ask why men are the majority of killers...
It's not a good idea to expand the definition of terrorism.  

Didn't we make a whole bunch of special provisions to undermine the human rights of "terrorists"?  The last thing we need is public opinion to drive policy that expands "terrorism" to include domestic criminals. 
No shit? Not trying to be inconsiderate but I thought this was obvious.
I hate it when people think that a form of terrorism is illegitimate because of this or that. Race, gender, religion, nationality, reason/motive, etc. doesn't make it illegitimate. Palestinians AND Israelis commit acts of terrorism. So do Capitalists and Communists, White supremacists and Black supremacists, Christian extremists and Muslim extremists, etc.
hey maybe lets try to reduce the cultural impact of the george w bush administration's reductionist fearmongering rather than even democrats doubling down on it in the interest of "fairness"
The race has nothing to do with it, you guys are just  bunch of caucasiaphobes
Drone strikes &amp; bombings by Obama are terrorist attacks too.
Even if you are more concerned about radical Islamic terrorism (there, I said the magic spell words to defeat ISIS) there is something seriously wrong with your worldview if you do not think that mass shootings by whites or anti-government militias or violent white supremacists does not count as terrorism.
The 'white men' referenced were psychos with mommy issues, not terrorists. Obama has issued an executive order to prohibit the mention of “Islam” in the training federal law enforcement training manuals, 'radical Islamic terrorism' is not to be spoken of in press briefings. Why is Obama and the left so focused on pretending Islamic terrorism isn't really terrorism, but that any white guy who shoots more than one person at a time **is**? Black gangs shoot 17 people in a crowd of 500 including a 10 year old boy (that happened just the other day at a park in New Orleans) and the media and gun-control nuts are virtually silent. Republicans recommend caution bringing in refugees who have already been shown to have terrorists mixed in pretending to be refugees, and the media &amp; gun-control nuts drag out two shootings from three years ago to prove their point that white males are terrorists. Ignoring terrorism and encouraging racism is a seriously mixed-up agenda.
Nope, those are just workplace violence
This shit again.
Does he not know the meaning of the word, or is he trying to redefine it?

Not all mass shootings are terrorist attacks. Doesn't matter what color you are.
https://www.fbi.gov/about-us/investigate/terrorism/terrorism-definition

&gt; "Domestic terrorism" means activities with the following three characteristics:
&gt; 
&gt; * Involve acts dangerous to human life that violate federal or state law;
&gt; * Appear intended (i) to intimidate or coerce a civilian population; (ii) to influence the policy of a government by intimidation or coercion; or (iii) to affect the conduct of a government by mass destruction, assassination. or kidnapping; and
&gt; * Occur primarily within the territorial jurisdiction of the U.S.

**Appear intended (i) to intimidate or coerce a civilian population; (ii) to influence the policy of a government by intimidation or coercion; or (iii) to affect the conduct of a government by mass destruction, assassination. or kidnapping** 

So no, its not terrorism.
If we count terror attacks as mass shooting (4 or more people killed) then the largest terrorist group in the US according to the FBI is...

Black males :(

Oh no.

Isn't every sort of attack on someone else a "terrorist" attack? We'd better start locking domestic violence perps in Guantanamo!
The Oklahoma City Murrah bombing was a terrorist attack commuted by Timothy McVeigh, a Caucasian man. 
I am absolutely sick of this myth that only white mass shooters are not called terrorists.

Almost no mass shooter is called a terrorist, that includes brown black or Asian.

This identity politic bullshit that's starting to flair up on the left is just flat out retarded.

We don't call mass shooters terrorists, we never have and we never will.


PS: white men aren't more likely to carry out mass shootings than any other group, another fabrication the ultra SJW left likes to throw out.

You're a moron Sherrod Brown.
If he's going to take that stance then every shooting by a black person in any given day in America is also a terrorist shooter. 

Basically by bringing race into this discussion, he's moved the goalposts for having a genuine discussion about it.  

Terrorism is based on ideas, it's not a racial issue at all.  



Maybe, but they aren't conspiring with like-minded others and sneaking into Muslim countries and massacring muslims on planes and trains, in restaurants and in clubs, etc, as part of some twisted ideology with thousands of adherents, are they? If they were don't you think sane people would justifiably react defensively? Of course they would, and in the strongest possible ways, and they wouldn't be scolded by the president for doing it either nor would r/politics try to cover for them.
After reading the other thread and coming here, I finally know what Stormfront brigading looks like.
Sure you can argue the technical definition of terrorism, but that isn't the problem, the problem is that innocent lives lost to domestic killers get shrugged off, while lives lost to foreigners inspire this xenophobic anger under the umbrella of terrorism and people feel a compulsion to enact change. I'm much more worried about someone coming into a movie theater and shooting it up, than dying from a terrorist attack, but because it's hard to compartmentalize people who look like us nothing changes...









Yes but white men aren't utilizing a collective dogma 
God, why do people use the word terrorist like it's interchangeable with killer. 

The reason white men (the majority of school shooters) aren't terrorists is because they don't have an ideological axe to grind. Absent that qualifier one cannot commit a terrorist act. 

The church shooter was a terrorist. McVeigh was a terrorist. All of the long list of Muslim killers are terrorists. What do each of them have in common? They held an ideological belief that motivated them to use violence to alter society. 

These random crazy 20 year olds who shoot up schools aren't in the same ball park.

And before someone rants about how we unfairly brush them off as being mentally ill, focus on statistical reality. They are few and far between based on the ratio of people from their demographic. It's clearly not some shared belief system that motivates them. Nevermind that most of the time we find out they had medical conditions.
The left's favorite scapegoat, white men. 
As much as I wish it was this guy running for president from my state instead of Kasich, he's wrong here.  Terrorism, by definition, has political motive.  People shooting up schools doesn't have a political motive.
Take out the "white men" part which is obviously racist and unnecessary and he's not wrong. To the victims and their families, what's the difference between Paris and the ridiculous amount of active shootings that take place every year in the US? It just seems like people feel more compelled to react when the "enemy" is easier to identify and label.
No, they aren't. Terrorist actions have a political motivation.
Yeah it's all white people's fault. The level of SJW is staggering.
Republican mass shooting response toolkit:

White guy? Taking away gun rights won't solve anything. In fact, we simply need more white guys with guns.

Brown guy? Tag all brown people, disregard their rights to privacy and equality. It's really the only way.
Mass shootings by black men are terrorist attacks too.

Something tells me that that statement will be less popular. It's a lot more politically correct to only hold white people accountable for their actions.
Oh no, but the media and politicians usually just call it "mental illness" when a white person shoots up a place.
It's not terrorism if it's done by patriotic Republicans.

See: Cliven Bundy.
An obvious and logical conclusion on such a topic... must have a "D" after his name.
No-no.  GUNS caused those.
there is still an appreciable difference between an organised terrorist organisation and someone who is mentally ill and in possession of a gun.  just because its terrifying doesn't mean it's terrorism.

race doesn't enter into the definition.  of course terrorism by white people is terrorism.
This should be obvious, but these days you need to explain these things to Muricans like they're five. James Holmes shooting up a movie theater is the same as the Bataclan shooting. Except he did it all on his own. 

Dylann Roof went to that AME church and verbally expressed his motivations for killing the Bible study group because they were Black. He is a terrorist. 
Weird how its fucking controversial here to say people like Dylan roof are terrorists too, and white supremacists have done more damage in the U.S. than radical Islam has since 9/11
Random shooter no; shooters who are using fear to achieve political or social goals, yes. 

Race/religion/creed/national origin/etc. really don't play into the definition of terrorism. 
Always depends on the intentions of the perpetrators, if their intention was to sow fear that they would use in whatever goals they had then yes, they are terrorism. Basically if it is motivated by the desire to bring change through fear the shooting can be classified as terrorism.
[deleted]
Well, it all depends on the context, really...
I'm legitimately curious, what difference does it make what we call these attacks?
So by this logic, all murders are acts of terrorism.
Whatever; Putin says Turkey aids terrorists, I'd say it's terrorism if there is a [social, political or theological goal](http://www.theguardian.com/global/commentisfree/2015/jan/27/is-it-time-to-stop-using-the-word-terrorist).  Mass killings as an expression of rage are mass murders, isn't that accurate enough?
I don't disagree, but those people don't get support from others. Muslim extremist groups are literally support groups for terrorist for their cause
No shit. 
IMO, sometimes yes, sometimes no - the 'insanity' defense in legal terms is always decided on a case by cases basis - people should resist the temptation for easy generalizations.
I have a question! Aren't the people who comitted these terrorist attacks in Paris considered "white men" too?

People from Middle East aren't white too? Or just caucasian are white people?
Unless your a cop.
They are usually religious extremist and are extremely anti government and western values so I'm gonna say yeah they are terrorist.
c,mon guys what are we supposed to just look at things on a case by case basis and label them according to context?

That would be craaaazzzyyyyy


Just curious, what would the U.S. have done, speculatively, if the Sandy Hook massacre was committed by a member of ISIS or other terrorist organization?
I agree. Nihilistic terrorism is still terrorism. 
All these comments talking about which killings are terrorism, and which killings are not terrorism...

I don't think it made a bit of difference to the victims or their families.
Next time around he'd make a good presidential candidate.
Ok.
I always thought that a terrorist, is one who causes terror.
Well, yea of course, unless it's not a terrorist attack. I wouldn't consider the recent shooting in Oregon a terrorist attack, but the one in South Carolina was clearly a terrorist attack. Arguments otherwise?
That picture is really stupid.

You can't compare a woman with a child to a man with a gun, regardless of religion or nationality.
Most of dealing with terrorist acts involves counting bodies. That body count drives the fear causing people to change habits or to think differently about what was normal. That's terror. It can be about politics, revenge, recognition or any other number of reasons. The end result is fear. I'm not letting any of the bastards off the hook as many of you are. Mass shootings are terror. I don't care what your poly sci professors said.
White dude here.

No shit. What else would a mass shooting be called? Bullet donations? It doesn't matter what race you are, or what mental disability you claim to have. It's fucking terrorism.
I think as a general rule we can agree that politicians, and the rest of us for that matter, need to use loaded words with caution and restrain. Being flippant and abrasive with words gets attention, but also weakens arguments and muddles important insights.
I'd like to say I care about the terminology, but its all just people killing innocent people.  Not much more needs to be said to me personally.
This is my senator! Nice. Too bad his statement needs to be expanded to actually cover the definition of terroristic acts in order for it to be accurate.
Terrorism is when you use fear and violence to make a political statement. 
So what is the full on decimation of various countries through mercenaries and proxy armies?
But what about me?!?!
Mass Shootings by Any Person* are terrorist attacks
Ok, then what about cops who kill unarmed civilians? Are they terrorists too?
Some cases blur the lines between terrorism and encouraging racism is a domestic terrorism from Timothy McVeigh And this attempt at silencing those who don't want to do.
Anyone you really don't like is a terrorist.

...*especially* that asshole *Jason.*
No shit
is it just me, or does it seem everybody is applying the wrong definitions to things today.

Free Speech
Terrorism
etc etc etc.. 
i always thought that "terrorist" was a dog-whistle meant to appeal to xenophobes while not sounding overtly xenophobic.  this is the only way i have been able to understand why domestic mass killings for ideological reasons have not been considered terrorism, when they are.
Didn't even know this was grounds for a debate... of course it's a terrorist attack. Is this a joke? 
i appreciate that it is important to label things correctly as a method of better dealing with and preventing future acts of murder but the variety of ways we describe and define murder is staggering. 


Technically most violent criminals are terrorists.
\#whitemaleterroristsmatter
Who cares what we call it. It's all just unnecessary violence.
I wonder if there's a correlation between white people with bad haircuts and school shootings. I'm certainly seeing a pattern. 
This includes the mass shootings by the U.S. military abroad.
The terrorist label has gotten way out of hand.  It's frequently used to skirt the constitution.  

https://freedomhouse.org/report/todays-american-how-free/civil-liberties-implications-counterterrorism-policies-full-chapter


Mass killers are not 'terrorists' unless their goal is to instil terror in a specific population. 

Sandy Hook and similar events have nothing to do with terror. The perpetrators just wanted to kill a shitload of people.
Destroy a CVS, you are rioting.  Toss a shipment of tea into Boston harbor, you a protesting patriot.  
I think law enforcement and governments categorize these people as terrorists already, its just that most people assume that a white shooter is gonna be a raving lunatic faster than they assume they're a terrorist. And there's plenty of overlap there, whatever your race
No shit, genius. Why is this even considered news? Are people that fucking stupid?
Mass shootings, period. Skin color doesn't matter. It isn't a race issue, it's a social issue. 
Okay, I'm seeing this everywhere now. A couple things: the actual definition of terrorism is really quite murky. The "terrorists" probably see themselves as having a cause, though their methods many would disagree with (and in the case of ISIS and similar groups, I don't think they have any qualms with being seen as such or would disagree that terrorizing citizens is part of the method). Also, a lot of people don't like when you describe the US military as a really well funded terrorist organization, using remote control bomber planes in other countries that kill a shitload of people to get 1 guy who isn't afforded a trial because HE is a "terrorist"... not to mention the many wars of destabilization touted as protecting "democracy"... if you still believe that, then well, you're stupid. Many "terrorists" have likely become radical because of occupation of their lands and seeing those they love killed by "freedom fighters". 

All the above is just to illustrate the academic murkiness of defining "terrorist".  Now, having said that, are there really people arguing that Dylan Roof isn't a "terrorist"? Where does this all get us? Because it seems like another divisive angle getting us to point fingers at each other instead of having real conversations. I don't think anyone with half a brain would have a problem calling any mass shooter a "terrorist", even considering that the word itself is political in nature and loosely defined.

EDIT: Now I'm reading comments, and the consensus is that James Holmes' actions cannot be defined as "terrorism". See, to me, that's silly. You must have a political outcome; merely shooting a bunch of people just to terrorize them doesn't suit the definition... does it really matter? 
http://www.zerohedge.com/sites/default/files/images/user3303/imageroot/2015/11-overflow/20151121_mm.jpg
If we consider nothing terrorism I think the world would be a better place. It's a self fulfilling term.
I guess anything is terrorism now - even this post.
News stations should be considered domestic terrorists as well. 
Every time a white person shoots something up, we call for more mental health
What are their motives in this case seemed to almost recognise ISIS as a state.
.
Some of them are. It depends on the motive. If you just want to kill a bunch of people for fun, that's not terrorism.
Often but not always true.

Is this guy seriously trying to imply racism about an Islamic Jihad?


Yes, there is racism:

* Al Fatah is racist. 
* The Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine (PFLP) is racist. 
* Abu Nidal Organization (ANO) is racist. 
* Hezbollah is racist. 
* Egyptian Islamic Jihad (EIJ - Al-Jihad, Jihad Group, Islamic Jihad) is racist. 
* Palestinian Islamic Jihad (PIJ) is racist.
* Islamic Resistance Movement (HAMAS) is racist.
* Al-Gamaat Al-Islamiyya (IG - the Islamic Group, al-Gama'at, Islamic Gama'at, Egyptian al-Gama'at al-Islamiyya, GI) is racist. 
* Al-Qaeda is racist
* Armed Islamic Group (GIA) is racist.
* Aden-Abyan Islamic Army (AAIA) is racist.
* Harakat ul-Mujahidin (HUM) is racist.
* Jaish-e-Mohammed (Army of Mohammed) is racist.
* Lashkar-i-Taiba (LT) (Army of the Righteous) is racist.
* ISIS/ISIL is racist.

Until people in those groups of that faith stop declaring holy freaking war against the west and the "infidels" this guy should STOP pointing yet another finger at white people.

#Until then, I'll keep my guns Senator Brown.

No shit.
I agree, without a stated agenda the shootings are individual terrorist incidents, but it seems there is no underlying ideology at work. Perhaps one could say that it is an anarchistic form of terrorism, but anarchism itself relies on a doctrine of self governance. There doesn't seem to be a singular connection between the various massacres, Brevik obviously, but the US shootings, it seems are either bullied, mentally ill and outside the remit of insurance coverage, or as a ploy to attain fame. The adults seem to have similar factors, it seems to be predominantly schools (hence my child related reasons above) but perhaps those just stick more in one's mind. I stumbled across this interesting article which isn't anti-US, it seems very well balanced.
http://www.livescience.com/51991-why-america-is-prone-to-mass-shootings.html
Plainly, if the purpose of the act is to terrorise part or whole of the population, then it is terrorism. Racially/ideologically motivated violence like this is domestic terror.
Wonder what they would call gang violence in the inner cities


What would be upside to redefining this as non-politically motivated?
I think they are also proof the surveillance state isn't about stopping terrorist acts.

*"You homo sapiens and your guns."* - stinkin' mutie terrorist
http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2012/12/mass-shootings-mother-jones-full-data

According to this, Whites committed 44 out of 72, or 61%, of the mass shootings, being 65% or 75% of the population as you count it makes sense for them to be a high percentage.

Asians are only 5.6% of the US pop but have committed 6 out of 72, 8% so much more deadly. Or you can look at Blacks at a population at 13% do 11 out of 72, 15% of mass shootings. 

Also, gotta laugh, every time there is a white man that does a mass shooting its all over the news with how all whites have to say sorry for it.
I always considered terrorism to be a type of combat where you could not ever succeed in a direct confrontation with your enemies, nor could you even engage in guerrilla style warfare, in that your forces, logistics, supplies and weaponry were so limited that you could only engage soft civilian targets in an effort to cause your enemies to divert forces and resources to the locations you attacked. 

Like in France, they could never have enough men to successfully attack the politicians or government directly, nor a military base, so they attacked a concert.

The result?

France was forced to deploy a high level of police in the civilian centers, the tourism centers...the soft targets. They even deployed military to the task. And in order to prevent further attacks they had to deploy even more police and military to protect other soft targets and to gather intelligence and track down leads. 

Terrorism is simply a method of warfare that one enemy wages against another. 
Trying to remember, was the Fort Hood shooter officially charged with treason? I know he got some terrorism charges and obviously multiple murders, but since he was active military shouldn't he have gotten at least Treason too?
ITT: White men justifying mass shootings by other white men.
OK and gang shoot outs in New Orleans are also terrorists too

Also, when a black man kills and maims a pergnant white women, that also a terrorist attack

http://abcnews.go.com/US/teen-charged-killing-indianapolis-pastors-pregnant-wife/story?id=35366994

when a black man tries to rape a white woman, and a white medical student comes to her aid and he shoots hom, thats also a terrorist attack

&gt;Terrorist attacks are ideologically motivated.

who gives a fuck?  Its arbitrary.  Sherrod Bornw is just another White Guilt pussy

Someone that will kill you over a pair of Dr. Dre headphones is just as scary as some idealogue- in many cases I'd say scarier. 

&gt;Even though they are just as evil,

So why the arbitrary distinction?  

Also out of the 4000+ murder in chicago last year, how many were idealogically motivated?  You dont have no idea, maybe there are more blacks ones than white ones for all we know
I'm seeing a lot of people saying, essentially, that "terrorism = attack with a political agenda." I'm not sure I agree with that. 

Terrorism is a tactic. It is the act of using terror in an attempt to advance a larger strategy. Certainly then many attacks with a political agenda constitute terrorism, but not all. This is different than such attacks being defined as terrorism. In Venn diagram, "attacks with a political agenda" overlap substantially with "terrorism" but they are not identical. 

As an example, I don't think Dylann Roof's shooting was an act of terrorism. He was not trying to instill fear in order to achieve a larger objective. His objective was just to kill people. To me that is not terrorism as I understand it.

So ultimately I would disagree with Sherrod Brown. 
This is another example of the left trying to dismiss the mental health crisis going on in this country.  These white male mass killers are not trying to recruit and expand and ideology - they are social misfits pulling the plug.
# "Sherrod Brown doesn't know the definition of terrorism"

More accurate headline 
Thank you mr. obvious. 
The Sandy Hill shooter was a terrorist. If he had been part of a terrorist group we would have gone after them with extreme determination. But it seems that everyone in his group is dead. 
The very fact that we have to classify mass killings as "terrorism" or "not-terrorism" speaks to the severity of our desensitization. 

If an attack is "terrorism" it is done for political reasons. 

If an attack is "not-terrorism" it is done for a reason other than politics. 

What makes political attacks worse than unwarranted attacks on everyday, normal, citizens? ....

...*OH, WAIT*, they are the same. 

Whether an attack is terrorism or mass murder should not matter. The social outcome is the same. People die. Families are ruined. Populations are destabilized. 

Popularization of the word "terrorism" does a disservice to our countries, our races, and our religions. Terrorism is just murder by crazy people, very similar to what Adam Lanza did at Sandy Hook or what Holmes did in Colorado. 

Both are equally bad, but why are we more upset when an attack is labeled "terrorism"? 

Because politicians and the media tell us to be more afraid. They tell us entire regions are homes for terrorists. They tell us to be weary of muslims. They tell us to be concerned when we are travelling. They tell us to stay out of certain countries. They tell us this is a war America needs to win. 

This is the government prioritizing a certain kind of murder over another. And we all fall in line and act afraid like we should. 

People who are politically pro-Muslim, anti-white, and anti-gun believe this, or at least pretend to.
Fuck'n DUH!
    The definition of terrorist may differ by who ever is naming it terrorism.   https://www.fbi.gov/about-us/investigate/terrorism/terrorism-definition

     Someone may be willing to apply the "shoot the messenger" tactic and they may be wrong.   Well, only if you don't believe the FBI
The House can pass legislation in 3 days making it harder for refugees to enter this country, but can't pass a single iota of common sense gun laws?
Yep. He's right.
ITT: People acting like they know the one true definition of terrorism and how it's supposed to be interpreted. Defining terrorism is still a matter of huge scholarly debate and disagreement.
This thread is unsurprising.
Thank fuck people are starting to talk about this.



Sky is blue water is wet
If I learned anything from the past few years watching any mass shooting in the US, its that the Definition of Terrorism is more complicated than anything in the universe. 
A terrorist is just someone who takes military action without government authorization, lots of people fall under that description:

Bin Laden

Nelson Mandela

Samuel Adams (and everyone else involved with the boston tea party)

etc...
It's true but it will never be treated the same. White people in this country wouldn't stand for it if all their awkward loners and ignorant rednecks started getting knocks on their door from law enforcement like Arab youth do. The "better safe than sorry" and "see something say something" approach is only acceptable for minorities. 
Same with black men, mexicans, and anyone else. 
If we're going to go there, what's the probability of being killed a white mass shooter when compared to being shot over 5 dollars by DaQuan and Leroy at a gas station? Urban black culture should also be seen as a form of domestic terrorism since it scares the shit out of me. I'd rather be dropped in the middle of the Alaskan frontier then be left on the corner in detriot or south side chicago these days.
What about mass shooting by black men? I guess they just want the world to know that black lives matter? 
Finally someone says it.
Doesn't count cuz whitey.
Terrorism is politically motivated, so yes, you can be a white terrorist if you're killing people for your politics, like Anders Breivik. However, killing people while white doesn't automatically make you a terrorist because simply being white isn't a fucking political position. 

So sick of these damn racists who want to make everything about skin color.
In principle, this article and everybody in this thread that agree with this article are correct. *In principle.* As in, the abstract, ideal world a reasonable person would envision. Now here come the downvotes. In *reality,* everyone here *who is an American,* because this is America we're talking about. Europeans, Asians, Middle Easterners, everyone values your opinion, but we're simply not talking about you right now. Some discussions encompass the scope of your land and culture, this particular instance does not. See how many more words I have to type to explain myself, because of all this nonsense? This would be a hell of a lot shorter if I didn't have to type all this extra shit, so you don't get paragraphs. You don't deserve them. Back on topic, *in reality, Americans* (one more time, *Americans,* **not** everyone else outside of the United States), in *reality,* who would you actually feel more alarmed at seeing? A white, flag-toting redneck with a gun, like [this guy](http://i.imgur.com/1Jscbaz.jpg) (keep in mind, because this individual is so flagrant about his gun, *it is safe to assume* he is most likely to be legal, in good standing, and is aware about gun safety and responsibility), or a Muslim wearing the same garb? Don't think about it as if you can know this individual's personal history, or speculate about it. That's not what you feel deep down, because we all know "everyone is everything, equally capable of good or evil." That's not an honest reaction to what you feel about seeing a "domestic terrorist," and a Muslim in the same situation. What's your gut reaction? Think about walking down a block, turning a corner, and seeing both sites. Which would alarm you more, in your heart of hearts?
Funny how Democrats fall all over themselves to absolve Muslims of the deeds of the Islamic terrorist yet go out of their way to point out mass shootings by white people.
There is also a difference from an attack from a single person and Islamic Terrorism that is supported by millions around the world. People that make claims like this are so ignorant and need to wake up to the way the world is.
So what's a mass shooting by a black person? Is that terrorism too?
What about black mass killings? Or are we still just ignoring those
this was a re-post from less than 24 hours ago AND there is a Front Page post today (from r/atheist) where a redditor gives an extensive list of mass-shootings/bombings/killings by white, domestic terrorists that back this article up.
Here is the thing though, Sharrod brown is saying these white people shooting up schools are "crazy". I don't think terrorists are crazy, I think they are in most cases evil and they are out to kill us (people who are "not them") and destroy our way of life.  So is it possible that one is a reflection of the poor mental healthcare available to citizens in the US and the other is religious extremism, probably exacerbated by poor and oppressive living conditions in the middle east and what seems to be eternal war over there since the mid '70s? 

Is it fair to say that one is not like the other and they should be treated differently?    
Ok. Attacks by gang members, and operations conducted by their organizations are also terrorist threats as well. How 'bout we put off the closing of GitMo for another couple generations so we can clean our house of these insurgents.
Motha' Fuck Sherrod Brown AND this "article" masquerading as Journalism. 

Anyone that actually believes any of the dribble this idiot spews is dumber than he is. 
Sherrod Brown-&gt;Dictionary
No they are not. Sherrod Brown is notably anti-gun, and is using this to lay ground work for more of his anti-gun agenda.
yeah because white people have killed people too, dont worry about radical islam.
What about shootings by black men? Those happen a hell of a lot more often and are convienently glossed over in the media.
No, no they usually aren't. Sorry. 
Oh, "terrorist" doesn't mean a damn thing anymore. 
Everyone needs to stop labeling everything terrorism.  It has a strict definition.  There is also other crimes that hurt/kill masses of innocent people that are NOT terrorism.
Think he would have made a better point had he said "Mass Shootings by **Americans** are terrorist attacks too".

Doesn't matter if they're white or not.
What if some white guy kills a bunch of people but his motivation was that he was bored and didn't really care about who he killed? Terrorism? Or *boredism*.
Okay, but is this a compition now?  Should nt senators be proposing  solutions rather than restating the problem for votes.  Obvs there are too many domestic shootings.
Really? Is it terrorism? What are their demands through mass shootings? What are they trying to accomplish? Is it not them lashing out, out of frustration, anger at the world for their short comings? 
What is their message? Which ideology are they assosciating themselves into by doing that? What is their goal? Do they leave behind a manifesto?
Oh no, its just trying to deflect the fact that some ethnic groups or religious groups actively use terrorism tactics and some people feel the need to just throw it white people's way because lets not disparage the browns, because racism or something.
Is there anything more racist that finding escape reasoning and not holding certain group of people to the same standard that we hold others? Thanks for that geopolitical input, mass shooting doesnt equate terrorism. 
Do people realize words have meaning and you can literally look them up. Its like when republicans started using the term reversed racism, which literally means being inclusive when you think about it.
The comments here are hilarious. Why are redditors getting so defensive of Brown's comments? 
Legislation is already being crafted by the administration to limit gun purchases to *terrorist* 

So the logical next step is to start calling all white men *terrorists*  and use that legal deception to take their guns.
Omg what a joke. Liberals at it again.
This false equivalency meme needs to die.
The headline is terrible, it should say both Clinton and Sanders in landslides over Trump and Bush.

It should also point out, general election polling in the primaries ARE HISTORICALLY WRONG.
People love polls when they tell them what they want to hear. 
Hillary-Trump +15%

Bernie-Trump +12%

&amp;nbsp;

Hillary-Carson +2%

Bernie-Carson -2%

&amp;nbsp;

Hillary-Bush +8%

Bernie-Bush +10%

&amp;nbsp;

Hillary-Rubio +5%

Bernie-Rubio +3%

&amp;nbsp;

Hillary-Fiorina +10%

Bernie-Fiorina +14%

&amp;nbsp;

Hillary-Cruz +10%

Bernie-Cruz +12%

&amp;nbsp;

**[Poll](http://www.mcclatchydc.com/news/politics-government/election/article43727049.ece/BINARY/Poll%20details)**
Doesn't matter if he can't beat Hilary 
What happened to the article a few days ago that polls for the General are useless at this point?
sort of a misleading headline bc Bernie doesn't do nearly as well vs Rubio or Carson who are more likely than Bush to be the nominee at this point 
In a new shock submission, redditors cherrypick poll which indicates Sanders in position for landslide victory.
Whats a shock poll?
JOURNALISTS.

GUYS. 

PLEASE STOP WRITING THIS SHIT.

IT DOESN'T HELP BERNIE AT ALL.

IT JUST MAKES YOU LOOK FUCKING RETARDED.
What worries me is how Carson is beating both Sanders and Clinton.  
It doesn't matter what Sanders polls over the Republicans and don't let anyone tell you different.  What matters is what he polls against Clinton.
Serious question: Can anyone explain to me why the Mods have purposely decided to allow so much obvious shilling for Bernie Sanders?   Some days there are literally four or five links to the *same damn article* about Sanders.  I have a hard time believing that no one is submitting anything but Sanders articles.
&gt; his ABC News/Washington Post poll was conducted by landline and cell phone Nov. 4-8, 2015, in English and Spanish, among a random national sample of 1,023 adults, including 263 Republicans. 

This just in: Democrats prefer a democratic candidate over a republican one!
I don't know if America is ready for an old white man as President.
So they polled a group that only represents the 35% of the country that votes, right? right?
Bernie Sanders needs the nomination before he can go out there and beat &lt;insert shitty republican candidate here&gt; in the general election.  Either Hillary or Sanders would almost certainly win in the general election, so the real issue (especially at this point in the race) is who gets the democratic nomination.  Bernie Sanders is going to need a lot of support to get the nomination over Hillary.  I for one hope he does, but unfortunately we voters do not get to vote on who is nominated...

Edit: grammar and wording
1) General election polls are meaningless right now.

2) What do you think Sanders' numbers would look like after every voter has seen him talking positively about Fidel Castro?
Not a shock. Clinton does even better against them. Guess what this means? 
Out of curiosity, what (if any) effect does the number of candidates running have on a poll?  

In other words, if the tables were turned and Republicans had two strong candidates and Democrats had 10+, would there be any possible effect on poll numbers? 
I really wish we were like some of europe, where u can only run for a month before the elections.  All the money being spent on this could be used for better things.
The primaries are our election. The general election means nothing if he's not on the ballot. 
And it doesn't mean ****. No polls at this point in the race do. People aren't paying enough attention yet.
What annoys me about this article is The Hill hand picking the polling data that has the smallest sample size.
&gt; It is a fallacy argued by conservatives and, in my view, inaccurately parroted by the mainstream media, that Sanders and other liberals take positions that are far too "left." The polling shows, issue by issue, and increasingly in general election match-ups of Republicans running against Sanders, that it is the left, not the right, which has the upper hand with American voters.

And Hillary's already moving to the left.
Shouldn't the headline say it's a shocking poll, not a shock poll?
[My feelings on this.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_bSEfx6D8mA)
I'm still waiting on Sanders concrete budget plans before I can throw my support behind him but I'd love it if someone wth his priorities was elected. I just can't really put much credence in general election polls at this point, a full year from Election Day. 
I don't envy you Americans. In Canada our election was announced and decided in four months.
The election is a year away.  

This poll has about as much meaning as my daughter's sodden diaper.  
These polls are based on the assumption that Sanders can win the Primary, and unless Clinton is sent to Jail over the Email Scandal, which she wont, Sanders has no chance.
Maybe if the Republicans were fielding normal people he'd have a tougher fight.

Trump seems to be the only one who appears sane, the rest are lunatics.
General election match-ups should not be taken at face value. General election match-ups imply that the candidate is THE nominee a.k.a. is THE enemy.

Hillary is currently the presumptive GOP enemy - they've all but declared her the devil. She is the one constantly targeted at the GOP debates, countless smear ad campaigns have been run against her for the last decade. The GOP has thrown all that it can at her, they've taken it so far that it is starting to backfire. If you followed any of the Benghazi hearings, that would be obvious.

If Sanders gets to the general election, he will by definition become THE enemy. The pro-Sanders crowd on Reddit is right about one thing, he hasn't received as much media attention as Clinton. He does not have high name recognition, especially outside of the liberal base. There is not much recognition of the fact that he is a SELF-DESCRIBED SOCIALIST. Are you really going to be naive enough to believe that fact doesn't matter? I personally don't think it's a bad thing, but come on. Think about how easy it would be to create those attack ads.

And it doesn't take a conspiracy theory to believe that Republicans know this. That they have every incentive to lie to you and lie to pollsters and claim that they support Sanders. Tell you they don't care about the S-word and would totally vote for him in the general election! Just let him be the nominee instead of Hillary!
Reddit really believes Sanders can win?
People on this board actually think Sanders has a chance against Hillary?  LOL.
Seriously, I'm all for furthering sanders' cause, but to so inaccurately portray the polling results like that, to not even bother mentioning Hillary Clinton or Ben Carson, seems utterly ridiculous. Was this article supposed to make us forget they both have large stakes in the percentage of support among the American voting population?
LeBron James is to ESPN as what Bernie Sanders is to Reddit.
&gt; and Bush

What Dem wouldn't have a landslide over Bush? Chafee? 
Polls of this nature are kinda useless at this juncture in the campaign. Since there really isn't a massive amount of disagreement on he left, there hasn't really been as much substantial debate. Nor has there been a debate between two candidates from opposing parties. Remember at this point out in 08 Hillary was out next president, in '04  that governor of Vermont whose name is escaping me was our next president. Basically this means nothing as most Americans don't know enough to make their choice yet
It really should be noted that [general election polls this far out are not meaningful or predictive](http://fivethirtyeight.com/features/a-year-out-ignore-general-election-polls/). At this point in 1991, George HW Bush was predicted to coast to an easy victory over Clinton.

So let's take these with a big grain of salt.
Of course he does they need to get those advertising dollars flowing so they will make it look like the socialist has huge support tot get the other two spending.
Wait till superpack money demonizes Sanders.  It won't be such a landslide then.  :(
"shock".


Yeah right.
I don't understand these types of articles.

The electoral map wins or loses an election.

All anybody should care about is what people in Florida and Ohio think about the candidates.

It doesn't matter if 99.99 percent or 60% of a state supports somebody in a poll, because their state (except a couple) has all the electoral votes going one way.

Polling is stupid most of the time.
Well - there are three guys who are [really unlikely to win the presidential election](http://www.predictwise.com/politics/2016president).
the author, Brent Brudowsy, has never shown the requisite honour to the Clintons.
But what about Rubio? He's the one that has the best shot on the GOP side.
BOTTOM LINE:  Sanders would need to steal Clinton's massive lead on the minority (especially Latino) vote to have a chance of winning the primaries.

(I'm a Sanders supporter.)
yeah.. but whats his poll numbers over Carson? 
As long as Carson doesn't win. 
What? The masses are drawn to socialism? Time to come up with a business-friendly version that respects traditional family values, advocates a strong military, and rallies the people to defeat a sneaky domestic enemy.

Works every time.
If anyone is curious as to how well sanders is polling:

http://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/2016/president/us/2016_democratic_presidential_nomination-3824.html
Sanders or Clinton is going to do great against any republican candidate.
Why is Bush even mentioned? He's irrelevant in both parties. 
We can ignore national polls when it comes to the parties' respective nomination process, too. What matters -- for better or worse -- is the trends found in the first several primary states. 

What's really impressive is that Sanders has become so competitive in such a short time -- and that his campaign and followers have really driven much of the discussion in the Democratic campaign so far.
Fuck,  even Im leading Bush in the polls. 
Is there any point to these polls?
1. Single polls are useless
2. Year-out match-up polls are useless


Certain "The Hill" reporters are very easily shocked

I believe an appropriate phrase for this would be, "Well, *duh*."
This audience of this poll was 1000 redditors?
A rotten pineapple has a landslide over Jeb. That guy is a branded loser.
An empty milk carton has a better chance of being elected than anyone currently running for the GOP...
This is shocking? Pit the best politician up against two half wits and he surprisingly wins? How is that surprising? 
That's wonderful, but Sanders isn't running against Bush OR Trump.  He's running against Hillary.
Now if people just vote, and still vote if Hillary wins the nomination. 

The presidency is important, but perhaps more so congressional and state legislature races. Take back the House and some of the thirty-one states controlled by the fundamentalist theocratic confederacy. 
I'm pretty sure my dog would have landslides over Trump or Bush.
Trump is going to dismantle Hillary. She's the definition of a bought and paid for politician, his favorite and most effective smear. He's got nothing on Bernie.
1,463 adults that still use landlines? This is considered a good sample of the population with which to report a "Landslide"?
Further evidence that polls are bullshit. 
This might be part of the reason behind the new anti-polling dialog. 
The only thing shocking is thinking Trump or Bush has a chance
LOL sure
Irrelevant. 

edit: downvoting me won't make imaginary battles matter. There is precisely one head-to-head that Sanders needs to win - Bernie V Hilary. All else is fantasy. 
So why are the betting odds saying the chances for sanders are almost zero? Hillary will win 
America would do well in electing someone that is not under the influence of the rich and powerful.

Sanders comes to mind.
National polls are meaningless. I want to know how these people poll in the handful of swing states that matter. Penn, Ohio and Florida are big. 
This is great and all. The only issue is we need to get Sanders above Clinton before we start getting our hopes up too high. Baby steps first guys.
Shocking to whom?
Trump is a sideshow. People love him when u need someone to laugh at but running a country?? Not in a million years 
It's worth following the Washington Post's [@pastfrontrunner](https://mobile.twitter.com/pastfrontrunner) Twitter account to get some perspective on "news" like this. For instance, today in 2004, Howard Dean had a +1 lead in the polls. In 2008, Hillary was up 22.2 points on future-President Obama and Rudy Giuliani was on top of the GOP field by 12.4 points. And in 2012, Romney was up +0.5 points today. You get the point.
If you go look at most of these polls, you can easily find by whom they are conducted. From what I see, it looks like each of the polls are finding what they want to find...
"It is shocking that the data suggests that Sanders has a lead over Trump that could be so huge that he would win a landslide victory in the presidential campaign, with margins that would almost certainly lead Democrats to regain control of the Senate and could help Democrats regain control of the House of Representative"

Ummmm....what???? How does Sanders winning the White House result in Dems regaining the house? 
It's absolutely moot - it doesn't matter in the slightest how much of a landslide he has over the GOP because he can't even outpoll his Democratic opponent.
I am not sure if I should laugh or feel sorry for you guys who read this garbage then actually discuss it like it's real, and not just this post, I see it all the time in this sub.

Dont you guys ever get tired of debating and discussing fairy tales and lies full of gross exaggerations and out of context embellishments?. I compare it to talking with a child about poly wogs or barbie dolls while acting interested to please the child, which we have all done but my god it gets tiresome and boring real fast, yet you all discuss this stuff as if it's real, when you know full well it's ether a gross exaggeration taken out of context, or just flat out fabricated. Just this past week alone there have been 3 post that made it to the front page that turned out to be completely false.

Dont any of you have a breaking point where you eventually lose interest or faith in topics like this after so many of them have turned out to be untrue?. I look at it like having a friend who tells lies and bullshit stories all the time, sooner or later you eventually stop taking anything they say serious because they have been caught lying so many times,  it's like falling for the same prank over and over again. 

If I was lied to by the sources I choose to digest time and time again, I would eventually lose interest in what they have to say or at-least be skeptical, and I would grow tired of debating stuff I know full well was taken out of context or exaggerated if not fabricated.   

I feel like I am watching a bunch of kids argue over something spider man said while discussing how long it will take to reach Mordor on a sky bike. 
Meanwhile, Clinton has passed 500 superdelegates. It's over, guys, don't embarrass yourselves anymore. You're starting to look like Ron Paul supporters.
nope
Is it an... online poll?
HOLY FUCK!!! AMERICA MIGHT BECOME FREE!
Oh, /r/politics. Never change.
Nobody is shocked except for the mainstream media...
can reddit stop with the pro bernie sanders propaganda its getting annoying
Any democrat would beat Trump, Jeb!, or Carson by a huge margin.

Democrats could bring back John Edwards and beat those bozos.
Too bad he can't beat Hillary.
Yes. Please. Let's have the election right now. Please. I dare you.
Shocking!
Not shocking.
Its the weed man, people want and nees the weed legalized!
doesn't everyone have a landslide over Bush?
Chipmunks have a landslide over mutt and jeff.
The more a poll says the Republicans are going to lose the more likely they actually win. Its not a question of media bias in my mind. The problem is these polling companies are really bad doing their actual polls. Its like listening to a water dowser and expecting them to tell you where to build your well.
What is a shock poll?

Is that a kind of poll?  Or is it a regular poll with shocking results?
DOesn't matter, rubio is the gop candidate... der. 

Or god forbid cruz, but i don't want to delve into tha tnightmare
Lol
Presidential polling when we haven't even had the first caucus yet is pretty much worthless. It's like trying to do integral calculus when you don't even know basic algebra.
No national polls this far out from the election matter.  Battleground state polls kind of do, but no undecided voters who really matter are being polled at this point.  Or independents.  It's just story fodder for news organizations at this point.
Shhhhhhh... Let's keep it a secret! So much more fun to sneak up on the stupid media..!
You know what I find alarming? That that gap isn't A LOT bigger. It's just the same with the previous elections. I mean, yes people voted for the intelligent alternative, but that doesn't mean that the "stupid" alternative still got a lot of votes. That says a lot about a people as a whole. You guys definitely need some more actual parties over there and get off that GOP train. Those guys are nutjobs...
Rule #1. Never trust the news. 
I feel like a lot of republicans have an expired education. I'm not saying they're stupid, but they are currently misinformed.
Suuuuure. Put him up in the general, please!
never really been a supporter of bernie, but the fact that he is the most non-bs, least pandering candidate out of everyone (republicans and democrats alike) makes me like him, and i might even vote for him.
Bernie Debunked: http://tomwoods.com/d/bernie.pdf
Unelectable.
Feel the bern
3 people who wont be nominated for the general election. 
GIVE EM THE SHOCKER BERNIE
StandwithRand
Wow TheHill's comments are really toxic. 
This is a complacency post.

Do not let your guard down; Stay vigilant.
Rand
Love to see Sanders win the primary.  Sanders v Trump.    America needs real choices.     Socialism or Capitalism.    Are choices to be made top down or bottom up?    Old white guy or old white guy? 
Is this buzzfeed? Oh wait it's /r/politics.
Oh look, it's the leddit guy! XDDD It's a shame because Hilary will win this :)))
Vote Bernie.
well, to be fair, even a slice of lemon pie would outperform those hicks
I would love to have a choice between Trump and Sanders.

Two outsiders with new ideas and experiencesnd both smart enough to incorporate the good ideas from the other.
I can't wait for elections to be over and for reddit to stop this circlejerk.
Propaganda 
I just want weed legalized.
the poll was done with 1080 registered voters, 431 of those being registered republican.

the results of the poll are not surprising at all, but it doesnt take into account how the general election will go, or what kind of a turnout the candidates will bring among their electorate.

Trump may energize people to go out and vote, while Hillary/Sanders may not be able to do the same. Hillary has a lot of baggage tied to her and dems may stay at home this election. Even with Bernie as VP, i doubt she will be able to withstand the republican attacks that are coming. In the debate she said she represented wallstreet, and shes as establishment as they come. 

What was the turnout on 08 and the 12 elections? 40-50%? If republicans can secure an extra 5-10% turnout they could win the general election. Not to mention stealing dems and independents that are turned off by the establishment. Trump is a mix between democrat and republican, and I think he shouldnt be underestimated. Most of the rhetoric right now is to secure the republican nomination. 
**Breaking Rebuttal!**

#Poll Shows Hillary Clinton Maintaining Lead Over Bernie Sanders - [Link](http://www.nytimes.com/politics/first-draft/2015/11/12/poll-shows-hillary-clinton-maintaining-lead-over-sanders/)
Bernie will win.
was it an ONLINE poll, and was it conducted on reddit.com ?
[deleted]
The dog catcher would win in a landslide over any of the R candidates.
Hell my dog would beat them in an election. Neither one if them will be the candidate next year anyway. This article is senseless. 
If you promise free shit to everyone, you can't lose.
Of course - they're all idiots. Cruz is going to win the whole thing.
That's  shocking?
What shock? McClatchy-Marist has always had left skewing polls that are far outside of the statistical norms. 

I'd actually be shocked if they had a poll that came even close to the average of all the others. 
This is why mock elections should be used instead of the current polling methods.
This poll is better than most Polls because it collects data from multiple sources rather than phone calls but... The data is still going to lean to the online community which would suggest Bernie destroys Hillary in the primaries as well.
We did it Reddit!
You guys that are busy debunking this poll, do you think Trump could win the Presidency at all? That might be the start of Armageddon as a bunch of these Republicans are claiming is coming soon.

Kappa.
Polls taken a year before an election have no substance. Move along. 
I am still in awe that Trump 2016 is a thing.
DAE BERMIE?????
Facepalm article....
I don't understand this obsession of becoming like Europe. Maybe it's because over 70% of Americans don't even have a passport. Look at Europe now, getting taken over by their political correctness economy monster. Why do you want this?
Not voting for Hillary.  I bet a substantial number of other dems are refusing to vote for her.  She's going to lose the national election.
Lol nice try libfags 
The race between hilary and Mr.Sanders is closer than a lot of people thought it was. 

McClatchy, Marist, those silly fuckers. 

Stick your polls where you want. It's absolute garbage information, of no use, except as propaganda. /r/politics at its best.
Doesn't account for voter fraud and gerrymandering...
What I love about Sanders is that it seems he makes both sides of the political divide happy
Peaking too soon?
Good news for our country: Neither Trump nor Bush will be winning the nomination.
There's really only one path to freedom.

Anarcho-Capitalism 
"Unelectable" they said...
And, as always, the comment section is filled with cynicism and anti-circlejerking.

I find it fascinating that there's a large group of people that attack Sen. Sanders for "continuing to harp on Wall Street", or "using the rich as a bogeyman". Income inequality is at the highest it's been since the 1920s, Wall Street caused the biggest financial crisis of our generation was just seven years ago, the financial sector is the largest donor to our "objective" politicians... and you're complaining that the one candidate talking about it *sounds like a broken record*? 

We love to complain that politicians treat us as idiots, but at some point we the people have to realize that rational politicians keep saying the same thing because they've pinpointed the actual problems with the system. If you need new rhetoric every few weeks, maybe you should consider why that is. Do you follow politics as a way to make our country better, or do you follow it simply as entertainment?

Real change isn't sexy. It's just sensible. If you think corporate America pays their fair share of taxes, if you think Wall Street isn't living it up on our expense, if you think the inequality in this country is acceptable, then by all means vote for someone else. But until things change I'm gonna upvote posts like this even if they dominate the front page, because they're the only sensible things coming out of our incredibly broken system. 

I'd rather hear the same spiel about political corruption and income inequality again than what we're usually spoon-fed. Think about it, what does the news cover? More bullshit about Donald Trump and black pastors, a couple of stories a week about how Hillary Clinton woke up and decided her deepest convictions have changed, or a continual stream of Ted Cruz' absurd fearmongering. It's all meaningless, transparent posturing, designed to look good for the camera.

And here you have one guy saying the same things for thirty years, being proven right time and time again... And people ignore him because he's starting to bore them. It's beyond me.
I love how the comment sections of Sanders articles in this sub are always loaded with "wow this place is just a bernie circlejerk," yet every post gets upvoted so much and so quickly. I just can't understand. 
Okay, what is that fair share?  Where's the tax plan that actually does more than nibble around the edges while he claims to want significant changes?

Close loopholes? Okay, what parts of Title 26 are you amending? Especially since the JTC analysis Bernie himself relies on says that the tax loopholes he wants to close amount to (generously) $76 billion/year.

Is he seeking to tax revenue taken in by foreign corporations from sales in foreign countries? Because there are a few bits of international law he'd need to also change for that.

Raise the income cap on social security? Are you also raising benefits (since people will now pay more) or are you ending entirely the pretense that social security is based on what you pay in?
How much more should they pay? What is fair? They pay the vast majority of all the taxes collected. Reddit hated Romney for saying it, but 47% of people don't pay taxes. Should they have a fair share to pay?
If he was to make taxes one Flat Rate10% for all, and make whatever loop hole these corperations are using illegal. then I would be fine with that.
define "fair share"?
after you combine federal, state, local, property, business and sales taxes, I'm paying over 60% of my income in taxes. 

for every dollar I make, I get 40 cents. Fair huh? 
So... About that tax plan he keeps talking about.
If someone could answer this i would appriciate it alot.

What is Bernie's stance on foreign policy?
Bernie is a little bit jelly
It's not even about taking advantage of people with money it's about closing all the loopholes they use to take advantage of the tax system.
Last year my companies paid mid 6 figures in taxes, about an 18% tax rate. This family I know got back $10,000 a 0% tax rate.

Tell me how I'm not paying my fair share?
Yeah because 40% taxes aren't nearly enough
I want a real plan to fix the system and not just sound bites. Release your tax plan sanders and stop with this talking point crap. Fair share? The top 1 percent pay for like 40 percent of the country. They should pay for more of course because they benefit from it and have a responsibility to care for the country but the hate mongering he does while trying to call them out on it while offering no concrete solutions is outrageous 
Why don't you tell us what that "fair share" is Bernie? Two months out from Iowa and he still hasn't released his tax plan. People like to criticize Trump for speaking in vague platitudes and not giving specifics. Just saying "it'll be great" or whatever. Even he's released a tax plan. Bernie is just saying, "we're going to make the rich pay their fair share, it's going to be great." He really needs to step up and provide some specifics soon, otherwise anyone who votes for him will be doing so blindly and on faith. 
So how does he figure raising minimum wage to upwards of $15 AND taxing big businesses, etc. would be productive? The only thing that seems to be doing is giving the lower class more money and forcing businesses to lay more people off because of higher wages and taxes. Unless he plans on doing something to balance this out I don't understand how he thinks this will work.
How much more does he want them to pay? The boogeyman of wallstreet is getting pretty old.

If he wants to do something in this country, start talking about the 200b the government wastes per year on fragmentation and overlap reported by the gao.
This is just his usual stump speech. We've heard it dozens of times already. Why is it being upvoted?
As usual. More taxes are the golden ticket to prosperity. But a more sensible budget? God forbid! Sensibly dealing with government waste could easily double the benefit of every tax dollar. But, lets just stick to the status quo and rather than fixing the leaky bucket, insist that more water is the answer. 
Change it up... He's getting more dull with every reddit post about him. 
Show us how you would do it in this polarized country please.
The anti jerk is stronger than the actual jerk 
I liked what Bernie stood for at first, but demonizing the rich does nothing. His supporters are what is turning many moderates away from him. 
What kind of an effect will taxing the corporations have on the people that currently work for them? 
when are the other 47% of Americans going to start paying their fair share of taxes?
99% is real fair, huh 
Bernie is sounding more and more like a broken record. Still complaining about millionaires and billionaires but doesn't have an actual tax plan to show how he plans on dealing with it.
[Obligatory Sam Seaborn explaining why "Fair Share" is a dumb thing to say when referring to taxing the rich](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8nzeJrXFttg)
This is what happens in advanced capitalism as others catch up.  It will get worse.  

I love Bernie's motives but doubt he will get much done with these ideas.  These are things that look good on paper but will likely not be very beneficial to society.  

Unless we revolutionize some new industry we have a bleak road ahead of us.  We need to get on board with automation and start working out the kinks as soon as possible.
Sorry, but any billionaire is going to have their way. Thats what you get from having $1,000,000,000.00 in the bank. Lol..... You can never say they won't be what they are. They're smart, aka they will find a way to create more money or keep what they have.
Well, all things considered, that's actually a pretty petty-minded and vindictive reason if that's his main/only reason
"They will pay ninety-NINE percent. Not ninety-eight!" 
The top 1% already pay 45% of all federal taxes
dam...this sub reddit has turned into a Bernie Sanders dick sucking forum.
Truly the voice of our generation. 

We *NEED* this man in the Oval Office. 
The crowd made this unwatchable. Let him fucking speaking you blowhards.
I really hope that senator Sanders changes things, I really do. But I am realistic and I understand that he's just another politician and that Obama's slogan with change or hope, I don't remember. And he ended up being just another politician. I'll believe it when I see it.
You made find a lot of correlations here. Seems that the rhetoric never changes.

http://www.brainyquote.com/quotes/authors/v/vladimir_lenin.html
While I like that idea and quote, is he for real though?
here are some of the top contributors for this election
http://www.opensecrets.org/pres16/contrib.php?cycle=2016&amp;id=N00000528&amp;type=f

You can clearly see the multi billion dollar companies on that list that he is against. With Kaiser Permanente being one of them =/

All rhetoric.  The rich do pay their fair share.  A measure of inequality is a necessary "evil".  It's actually not that bad.  Etc, etc.  Bernie is a good politician, a good economist, though, he is not.
Canadian here, does Sanders have a shot at winning the nomination? Does he have a shot at president?
I like the concept but im too much of a conspiracy theory not to believe he wouldnt be "taken out" if he had the power to actually change things
Oh look, another Sanders post on /r/politics. 

This isn't going to change the fact that he isn't going to win. 
Hillary Clinton: "I take corporate and Wall St money because 9/11 and women".
As a middle-class American watching my standard of living degrade further and further by the year, I just gotta say the man is speaking the truth. Can we just elect him please? And give him majorities in the House and Senate while we're at it?


We are all fucked
"Do I think the rich 1% should have as much money as they have? NO I DO NOT!"
How realistic a chance does he have at becoming President when hes making such extremely powerful enemies? My guess is very little, sadly
Mfw corporations export as much as they can overseas already and Bertardo here thinks taxing them more will keep them around. 
And they'll all leave.
I might be with Bernie on new taxes if he would try and tackle our debt instead of creating more and more government spending with these new taxes. Make no mistake he would spend more than he takes in on these taxes. This is on top of our 14 trillion debt we have already. Unfortunately many people on the left don't think debt matters and think we can somehow tax our way out of it lol. 
Someone explain to me how Clinton and Trump are better candidates for this position...I really want to see their views on this.
Fair share of what?

And...why? Nobody in America pays their "fair share" of anything.

When you're a multi-millionaire/billionaire, you can still have it all after paying your fair share of taxes.
Just get rid of all deductions. The upper tax Rates Are Already High. 
He's really not that far in [the polls](http://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/2016/president/us/2016_democratic_presidential_nomination-3824.html) and I like I've always said  Hillary's lack of Charisma puts a lot of people off (myself included).
Ah more pie in the sky socialist "we'll make the rich pay their fair share BS"....................................Fail.
&gt;  One can be proud of one’s people only if there is no class left of which one need to be ashamed. When one half of a nation is sunk in misery and worn out by hard distress, or even depraved or degenerate, that nation presents such an unattractive picture that nobody can feel proud to belong to it. It is only when a nation is sound in all its members, physically and morally, that the joy of belonging to it can properly be intensified to the supreme feeling which we call national pride. But this pride, in its highest form, can be felt only by those who know the greatness of their nation.  
  
\- Bernie Sanders, Iowa 2015
Of course, the only reason that the government has failed to solve our problems is that they haven't yet taken enough money from the rich to do so; Bernie Sanders has a point! The government is great at problem solving, the only problem is that they always run out of money. They have done wonders on drug use since they declared the war one drugs right?
"Rich people are bad, I'mma jack up their taxes and have them leave this country in droves. That will make it extremely easy to pay my 18 Trillion tax plan."

Really r/politics? This is the guy whose dick you keep on sucking?
What do you mean I can only upvote once?????
Look Bernie, I love you and I want your message out there.

But could you stop the fucking "Wall St Fatcats" nonsense?  It's fucking garbage.  Nobody even trades on Wall St anymore.   The Fucking NYSE is a garbage exchange that exists solely to rip off customers.

But none of that affects the fucking nation's poor.   None of that has shit all to do with the fucking Billionaire class.

In fact, most billionaires in the market LOSE money or stay even, they aren't wringing your lost wealth from the stock market.

Lets talk higher taxes for everyone, or taxing the dead more, or something.   

Just, it makes Bernie sound like he ALSO doesn't understand what the fuck he is talking about.  Wall Street isn't the problem, it never has been.    The OVER THE COUNTER markets are the problem and STILL ARE.

A listed marketplace is a good thing.  Fucking nonsense "Wall street" bullshit blame game politics.  
To each their own. I like the "idea" of different and support people's ideas if they might benefit humans. But it's politics. It never benefits all humans... We are all just dumb ass kids in a strange world.
I'd love for him to define what "fair share" means in terms of tax rate, during the debate he made a joke of it not being as high as 90% but still nothing specific. Just "fair share".
[Blind leading the blind.](http://nypost.com/2015/10/15/bernie-sanders-newest-friends-are-millionaires/)
28 minutes? nope
I work hard and pay more than my fair share, half the country rides for free.  Not buying this old man.
And how are we going to do that? Any income patching to our current tax system can be easily side stepped by the wealthy entities in the United states. It is most likely that any additional tax burden would only be reflected in wage/employment cuts and hikes in consumer goods and services prices.
I want to see how well the Nordic model will work in America and because I want nice infrastructure and architecture. Reason enough to vote for him for me VS GOP clowns. Like really if you aren't voting for Bern or HRC, who are you voting for?
It is as simple as this - if you are not a millionaire, literally someone with at least a million bucks in assets, you are a fool to vote Republican. 

No matter how much you hate gays and damn dirty libs and athiests and gun grabbers, if you vote for anyone besides a democrat, you are quite simply, too stupid to make any other decisions.

Me, I'm an independent mostly because I think that Dems can't fight their way out of a paper bag, ten of them will have 12 opinions.... but they are light years better than the indecent Republicans.

I also happen to have more than a million in assets (not that anyone will believe me, or that I care if you do or not), and I STILL know that voting Republican is a stupid thing to do. I want roads and bridges that don't crumble, and I want the less fortunate to have a safety net.... I got mine, but that doesn't mean I don't want anyone to not get a shot at getting theirs.
I really like what Bernie stands for and believe his heart is in the right place... however, I feel like his campaign is crumbling under the weight of his impossible goals.
What is "fair" Bernie? The top Federal marginal tax rate is 39.6% of income. This is in addition to FICA / SS / State and local taxes. CEOs living and working in NYC making "just" $1,000,000 per year pay 47% of their income to taxes. 

I busted my ass in school to get a good job and make in the ballpark of $250K, and I pay 40% of my income to taxes. I don't have the ability to deduct the interest on my massive amount of student loans and I get no other tax breaks. Further, I get minimal use of any state/local/federal services like food stamps, subsidized/free rent, job assistance, unemployment, welfare, medicaid, medicare, or any of the other myriad services provided by the government. So let me as you Bernie, which of the following two people aren't paying their **fair** share?

**Me:**
Income: 250,000

Income Taxes: 100,068 

Property Taxes: 6,000

Rent subsidies: 0

Food stamps: 0

Welfare: 0

Medicare/medicaid: 0

Healthcare subsidies: 0

**Person in low income housing in NYC:**

Income: 20,000

Income Taxes: 3,376

Property Taxes: 0

Rent subsidies: 80% of rent

Food stamps: 2400

Welfare: ??

Medicare/medicaid: full enrollment

Healthcare subsidies: see above

Am I an evil person because of my salary? Do I deserve to be punished for it? I think the answer is incredibly obvious. The only "fair" tax is a flat tax.
Even though I live in Eurpe, Bernie has my vote. Good man.

Edit: Downvoters, I didn't mean that sarcasically. I really *do* like Bernie.
Say bye to anyone who plans to be rich as fuck.  Basically say bye to silicon valley.  Increased tax inversions. Financial services and sector moving put into Hong Kong or Singapore.  Say bye to venture capital firms since they will get more bang for their buck outside of the US.  
This is part of Donald Trump's tax plan too - Just saying.
What's their fair share should be Sanders? 
Sanders isn't any different than any other Establishment hack.   Hell, he gutted his own audit the fed bill on the eve of passing in deference to his pals in the biggest world banks.   Don't believe his lies that he is for the regular people.   
Yeah, poverty is a problem, but I don't support handouts and bigger government. We need another Reagan, not another FDR. That's why I'm supporting Hillary Clinton, because she stands the best chance of carrying on the legacy of Reagan.
All three groups can give credit to the same entity (gov't) that you want to reward with more tax revenue.  How about about being more efficient with the tax collection it already has?
Does Bernie have a stated position on carbon cap and trade, banning SUVs, raising fleet fuel economy standards to 50mpg, banning coal and natural gas, raising taxes on gasoline?

I'm only asking here because it's in the news this week, and I know no republican will try to bring CO2 emissions to zero.
It would be nice if a tax plan was proposed by his campaign rather than get eviserated by the media over these coming months.
I didn't even finish reading the quote but when I got to the word "billionaires" I knew it was good ol Bernie.
I have a serious question... 

Is it possible all of these people with all of their money would hire an assassin to... Uh... Prevent Bernie from changing these things? 

It's a real worry that I have. 
Yes they can, and so it will be, because the system allows for private capital and labour exploitation. There is no "compromise" as Sanders would have you believe. It's nice that he's making these issues a part of conversation, I like him, but he's not gonna be able to change shit. 
Bernie Sanders is not running president in 1029. Election years come in multiples of four, everyone knows that.
How likely is it that Bernie isnt going to be president for the US? I mean i havent seen hillary or trump make a good speech that have made the frontpage of reddit. 

Im from sweden so i have really no knowledge about any other candidate other than Bernie.
We don't need to demonize fellow Americans - no matter how much we hate their wealth.

We simply need a tax code that consists of no loopholes, no exceptions and no deductions.  And people and corporations alike pay a predetermined percentage.
Bernies got this...
I wouldn't trust that guy to watch my garbage. He'd steal it.
Haha nice!
Looks like he skipped ecenomics!!
I'm going to be brutally honest. I agree with Sanders on this subject. If he is elected president, he will die before his term ends. Maybe by "heart attack", maybe by some other means. There are some nefarious groups of people out there who would be super pissed off and will never allow his ideas to come to fruit. 
Wall Street dominates our economy? No, it doesn't. Nothing of intrinsic value is ever created in wall street. Those guys that lie and steal, yeah they should be in Jail, but should the guy you entrusted your money with and gave him permission to "invest", should he go to jail because he lost it? No, that's the risk you take. Mortgage backed securities, derivatives? These are just financial vehicles. Did predatory lenders really trick you into a $2,000 mortgage when you only make $1,500 a month? Oh you didn't know what a variable interest rate was? Really? You thought the interest rates wrre going to stay the same? Come on... People made stupid decisions and don't want to accept the blame for there mismanagement of their finances, they took unnecessary risks, and the government did not let those risks takers fail, they should have. It's natural selection in economics. 

Why the disparity between the rich and the poor? Boils down to the redistribution of wealth, why has it shrunk so? And what can we do to distribute the wealth from the rich? Taxing them more doesn't solve absolutely anything, how is more money for the government to irresponsibly spend on broken wars, social security, healthcare, welfare and all the other horribly ran programs going to benefit any one of us? What abount mandatory wage increases tied to tenure? Profit sharing? When I hear politicians talk about how the 1% need to pay more taxes, I hear them telling me how they "the government" knows how to manage money better than them and me. Like really, how's that national debt going for us?

And as far as why people don't trust the government, and why less and less people are voting? It comes down to lobbying, and when citizens feel that corporations can control the destiny of your country, well that's when patriotism goes right out the window. Because rememeber, we blame those corporations for not sharing the high profits we produce, or we blame the CEOS because they pay less taxes than us. And then the whole shit circlejerks again...

It's late, so perhaps I'm not being so coherent.

Tl;dr: this country has a lot of problems, more taxes, surely is not going to fix them.
"Fair share"..... LOL
yawn. he says this every time, and it's upvoted every time.
And than what jobs are left will go to China India and mexico
Ok great, sounds utopian whatever. politics is a game, this jamoke is playing it all wrong. dont the bozos at the top have like 90% of the wealth or whatever? Id drop a few mil, some pocket change, to keep this guy outta office. 
Does someone just wind him up each morning so he can repeat the same exact statement over and over again?
What exactly is their fair share? 


From what I understand,  people who earn below $50k don't pay taxes. Do they pay their fair share,  which is zero. It's that fair? Hey Bernie,  I'm asking a question. 
You want to get assassinated? Because thats how you do it.. Poor Bernie.
Haven't listened to him in a week or two, what a bloody ridiculous circus the US election process is... it's a ten foot penis, remarkable in it's length and gravity but ultimately pointlessly long. Vote Bernie :) Saying that at least it gives a chance for the candidates to speak to the country as a whole, state by state.
[deleted]
When Bernie loses I feel like all the people he's talking about will take a money bath and move on. 
Google Bernie's history if you think the inequality in this polarized country please.
From the article:

&gt;“That’s not American,” he continued. “That’s not who we are. we don’t have religious tests to our compassion.”

Ramen!
&gt; “There is no meaningful risk of Christians committing acts of terror,” Cruz told reporters

And there's no way that terrorists would lie, right?
Security gaurd: I can only admit christians, are you a christian?

Isis member: yes.
The fight against radical Islam is just starting. If the Reconsruction and Civil Rights eras tell me anything, it takes generations to solve these kinds of problems. People are watching ISIS in Iraq and Syria, where the world's attention is focused, but it's Egypt where the powers that be are stacking dynamite on a powder keg. The struggle against radical Islam MUST be intercultural and WILL be inter generational. The sole fact that ISIS wants to kill these people means they are worth saving. Should they integrate into the societies they are entering, yes, but that is something that Europe's parochialism makes it a poor venue for. The United States was built for this.
Saving the moderates in and from the Middle East should be more important than killing the extremists. Hate is born in an instant, moderation takes generations to build.
I'm not saying we should be naive about the risks, but I think people are being dismissive of the huge benefits over the long term.
Just a thought....Jeb! would not allow me in his country. After all, I'm an atheist. And so is my daughter. So if we were fleeing the violence Jeb! would demand my allegiance to the Christian faith before I was granted asylum. Is this really 2015? Are we still saying this after all we've been through? Be Christian or be killed?
Step 1: Declare the United States a "Christian Nation."
Step 2: Ignore the teachings of Jesus.
Step 3: Profit.
Did Ted Cruz really say we should only admit Christian refugees? 

WTF is wrong with these people, holyyyyy shit.
It seems to me that the people they're trying to avoid would simply lie when asked, anyway.  
cant discriminate, let no one in.
I'm Muslim, and I don't think we should be accepting any refugees without thorough background checks. If such checks are impossible, then that rules out accepting them to our country. The American government's first responsibility is to protect its citizens. 

But, just because we rule out one avenue of help doesn't mean we can't help at all. We should be putting our efforts into creating a safe zone for these refugees to go that is much closer to their actual homes. Just because you don't think it prudent to import thousands of refugees who you have no idea who they are, doesn't mean you are a heartless bastard. There are ways to help without putting American's at further risk. 
Is there some sort of statistic for Syrian refugees committing acts of violence that outshadows the normal numbers of the random people I don't usually interact with on a day to day basis? 

Because this truly seems like xenophobic-laced bullshit masquerading as something being done in the name of safety. 

Give us your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to be free..unless they happen to be a religion that has a bunch of volatile dipshits in its ranks. Boy Christians sure have short term memory.

President Obama is 100% correct, this sort of exclusion is EXACTLY what ISIS wants. They want civilians attacked and killed, they want a war with non-muslims and they want to increase their numbers by more easily being able to manipulate the down-trodden muslims who would otherwise not go down that route. Republicans really want to play directly into their hopes and dreams. 
Can we please use a reliable news organization instead of buzzfeed?
Wouldn't it also be unconstitutional to only accept Christian refugees?
It's not even Christian to only accept Christian refugees.. 
We may be from many countries, many cultures, we may believe in different gods, we may speak different languages but we must not forget that we are the same, we are one people on one planet we all share. Religion should not matter, race, culture, language should make no difference what should matter is our fellow men and women are in need of help. That is all that should matter. The point of terrorism is to make us forget this, it is to divide us and instill fear in our hearts, fear of one another. We must not let that happen. We must stand together in the face of fear and show those who wish to cause terror that we are not afraid because we are all one people who stand together because divided we are weak but united we are strong.
The greatest harm a terrorist can work on America is not to kill our civilians, but to kill out fundamental belief that all men are created equal and should not be judged by the god they worship.
The republicans are putting their own foot in their mouths. 

They are saying the reason for not wanting Syrian refugees right now is because they are afraid some radical jihadists will slip through the cracks and sneak over here.

Okay...but if we allow christian refugees, it's not like anything is stopping these terrorists from identifying as christians for awhile.

So many people forget religion is actually a choice. It seems the people who are being selective about which religions to allow here are doing just that.
Apparently there is no room at the inn for all the good Christians commenting on articles... "Get all Mooslims out!" 

I work with at least 3 Muslim people that I know of (they don't preach, so I'm not 100% sure on more), and all of them are amazing people that love this country. To be afraid of all Muslim's because of ISIS means you've lost to their tactics.

You are more likely to be hit by a car crossing the street than killed by ISIS in the US, even if some are actually here. Don't live in fear. Don't compromise what this country stands for. We know our enemy, don't make more by turning your back on those that need it. Those people have been affected by ISIS more than 90% of you.
Either you should be willing to accept all of them or accept none of them. I wasn't aware Republicans were pushing for "only Christian" refugees to be accepted – I would agree this is in poor taste. 
Buzzfeed here, Salon for another topic.

Clickbait sites are not news, no matter how hard they present themselves to be.
Remember that time that the US turned away Jewish refugees around the time WW2 was heating up?

Yeah...
Crazy idea: how about we don't accept any? 
Christianity is the only way we can separate the good people from the bad. Ben Carson 2016.

EDIT: Damn can't believe this got so many upvotes. I'm not serious guys. I had this post say something very liberal to get upvotes and switched it to this so people that commented on it would look stupid. Now I think the one's who actually upvoted this are the dumb looking ones lol
Because all Democrats want to let in tons of refugees
Anyone else notice that the same people who were outraged when the U.S. wanted to get more involved in this conflict and put an end to it are the same people who are outraged when people don't want to accept tens of thousands of refugees from the conflict they wouldn't have allowed their nation to put an end to?

Let's all be honest here, had the U.S. gotten involved in a real meaningful way years ago like they wanted odds are this refugee crisis wouldn't be occurring. Odds are ISIS would have been wiped off the map had the U.S. military been given the greenlight to get rid of them. The same mass moral outrage at a potential conflict that helped prevent intervention is now occurring as a result of western powers not doing anything about this.

Most of the people here weren't willing to commit to helping these people in the first place. "It's not our war" and "We aren't the world police" was the sentiment if I recall correctly. Now everyone wants to open their arms to people that have been displaced as a result of nothing being done. Would there have been collateral damage? Yes. Would it have been much less than there is now? I'm willing to bet it would be significantly less.
What about taking in all the woman and children and then make any man the age of 18 and up have to go through a more extensive background check before we let them in?
Isis has said itself that it will flood all nations with terrorists hidden among the refugees.
Why not use these resources to protect our own homeless or impoverished people, many of whom are veterans?  By accepting refugees into our country willynilly, we are putting our own citizens at risk. Are their lives more valuable than our own? I say no, we should be helping our own population, Christian or not. With all of the resources we are expending on these potential terrorists, we could be housing our own homeless veterans. Why do they deserve shelter more than our own? Even if 999/1000 of them have no ill will towards us, I believe it is wrong for us to put their needs before our own people. This is a result of the ultra-politically correct society that we live in. What is right is not always easy. Millenials will tell you differently. The right choice is not always the easy choice. As a Millenial myself, I foresee the incoming torrent of downvotes, but you should be ashamed of yourselves. How dare you let our own disadvantaged be forgotten while we welcome these foreigners with open arms. 
If we can't vet Syrian refugees so we shouldn't even take any in, how do we only let in Christian Syrian refugees?
There shall be no religious test for anyone emigrating to the US they must admit all regardless of religion, ethnicity, national origin, race etc. To make anyone be subject to a religious test to come to America is illegal and unconstitutional and anyone who  would do that is a traitor to the constitution because that would establish an official religion so they can't exclude anyone by law based on religion because there is to be no religion favored over any other. The people who are already here were not subject to a religious test  so neither should be anyone else the only stipulation should be that they come legally and nothing else.
The main question that springs to mind is how one can test whether a refugee is Christian or not. Do we have to check for their obligatory crucifix that every Christian supposedly wears? If you ask a Muslim if they believe there was a Jesus they will say yes (though only as a prophet). Furthermore there are schools of thought, both Shia and Sunni, that say it is permissible to lie about being Muslim if it means escaping death. This is just a talking point that some have used to gin up nativist, red meat conservative votes in the vital elections to come. 
Matthew 25:31-46 New Living Translation (NLT)

The Final Judgment
31 “But when the Son of Man comes in his glory, and all the angels with him, then he will sit upon his glorious throne. 32 All the nations will be gathered in his presence, and he will separate the people as a shepherd separates the sheep from the goats. 33 He will place the sheep at his right hand and the goats at his left.

34 “Then the King will say to those on his right, ‘Come, you who are blessed by my Father, inherit the Kingdom prepared for you from the creation of the world. 35 For I was hungry, and you fed me. I was thirsty, and you gave me a drink. I was a stranger, and you invited me into your home. 36 I was naked, and you gave me clothing. I was sick, and you cared for me. I was in prison, and you visited me.’

37 “Then these righteous ones will reply, ‘Lord, when did we ever see you hungry and feed you? Or thirsty and give you something to drink? 38 Or a stranger and show you hospitality? Or naked and give you clothing? 39 When did we ever see you sick or in prison and visit you?’

40 “And the King will say, ‘I tell you the truth, when you did it to one of the least of these my brothers and sisters, you were doing it to me!’

41 “Then the King will turn to those on the left and say, ‘Away with you, you cursed ones, into the eternal fire prepared for the devil and his demons. 42 For I was hungry, and you didn’t feed me. I was thirsty, and you didn’t give me a drink. 43 I was a stranger, and you didn’t invite me into your home. I was naked, and you didn’t give me clothing. I was sick and in prison, and you didn’t visit me.’

44 “Then they will reply, ‘Lord, when did we ever see you hungry or thirsty or a stranger or naked or sick or in prison, and not help you?’

45 “And he will answer, ‘I tell you the truth, when you refused to help the least of these my brothers and sisters, you were refusing to help me.’

46 “And they will go away into eternal punishment, but the righteous will go into eternal life.”
Oh we shouldn't let the Christian ones in either. Our streets are filled with homeless and starving veterans and working poor alike. We don't need to risk our security or our money by bringing in a group of people that an objective, fact based study of will show refuse to integrate with Western society. 
I know many people will disagree with this, but I don't believe the US should allow any refugee movement into the US. The enemy is not stupid, they could have easily foreseen, possibly even planned this, and prepared countless "innocent refugees" to flood our already flooded streets.
It is odd because the Republicans talk about "religious freedom" all the time like Kim Davis in Kentucky.
Let's be real for a second, the Paris assault already proved that jihadists are hiding among the Muslim refugees.  So the republicans have raised a workable, albeit prejudiced, solution to the refugee issue.  It's better than Obama's solution of letting them all in and rolling the dice.  I'd rather not accept any refugees, but then I'm not president.
How about if they don't accept *any* Syrian refugees? 
It's hypocritical when you compare it to gun rights. Right wing says, why punish the many lawful gun owners for the crimes of a few? Same applies here, why deny so many when only a very small percentage actually cause problems.
Separating refugees by religion is absolutely ludicrous. But we do need to have some serious checks into these people's backgrounds. I don't think that would be out of line at all
Its not worth it when 15-20% of Muslims support/approve of things like ISIS AL Qaeda, Sharia, Suicide bombings etc. etc.

Here come down votes despite being true.
Because, you know, Freedom of Religion. I hear about from Christians all the time.
Isis is targeting Christian Syrians. Making them convert to Islam or be killed. 
This would be the quickest way for terrorists to infiltrate our country. I can't believe I'm saying this, but Donald Trump was right in calling it a "Trojan horse".
"ALL LIVES MATTER!"

"Great, I agree. You know, there are some refugees who desperately need our he-"

"Nah, son."
So, to Republicans, religious freedom only applies to Christians like Kim Davis?
How about no Syrian refugees?
In fairness, it wasn't Christian's from Syria that just killed 100 people in Paris.
Buzzfeed at the top of r/politics. This is hilarious. Can't wait for more hard hitting journalism from those memers.
The US would be advised to avoid repeating the same mistake the Europeans made 20-30 years ago. You need not be concerned about the loyalty of the current batch of Syrian refugees, because they will be forever grateful for your hospitality. Their offspring however, may not. The French are discovering that fact today but only too late. 
I have to disagree.  Our first task is protecting US citizens and you cannot argue that we are accepting a serious risk by taking refugees.  I do not say that with any anger or bias towards Muslims at all.  It is impossible to vet all these refugees and no one can argue that this provides a direct route for terrorists into the US.   
Let's compromise. Only women, children and seniors. 
BuzzFeed on the front page of reddit? What dimension is this?
Not Christian to do that either
I really like the idea of accepting like-minded refugees over those who are less likely to ever integrate. But I don't think modern western nations are necessarily "christian" (least not practicing). So it is actually a fairly arbitrary criteria. 
All I can think is WWJD?

Mr. Obama, it's "Not American" to shrink from a fight for Justice and hope that evil is "contained".
SLAMS SLAMS SLAMS SLAMS SLAMS SLAMS SLAMS SLAMS SLAMS SLAMS SLAMS SLAMS SLAMS SLAMS SLAMS SLAMS SLAMS SLAMS SLAMS SLAMS SLAMS SLAMS SLAMS SLAMS SLAMS SLAMS SLAMS SLAMS SLAMS SLAMS SLAMS SLAMS SLAMS SLAMS SLAMS SLAMS SLAMS SLAMS SLAMS SLAMS SLAMS SLAMS SLAMS SLAMS SLAMS SLAMS SLAMS SLAMS SLAMS SLAMS SLAMS SLAMS SLAMS SLAMS SLAMS SLAMS 

- Huffington Post, Buzzfeed, The Guardian
There seems to be an easy compromise for this situation, give temporary visas and construct secure refugee camps to house them in. If Syria becomes stable again they can be sent back if it doesn't then we can decide what to do with them in a couple years.

This fulfills our international obligation to help refugees while protecting our own citizens from potential terrorists trying to sneak in with them. Also gives plenty of time to vet the refugees when deciding to give permanent residency or not. 
Read a bunch of articles about states denying Syrian refugees.  Not one mentioned religion.  Where is this claim coming from?
If Isis is contained and the strategy is working why do we need to take in refugees? Can't they go back to Syria now?
This current republican nominees are worthless sacks, they not even fit to spit shine Obama's shoes. 
The conservatives now have powerful allies on the left in their war against brown people. The Israel lobby and strident atheists are playing right into their hands. 
Not American and not Christian. Isn't the story they tell us in elementary school that the pilgrims came to America to escape religious persecution? Weren't we founded on religious freedom? I guess that was just a playground myth. 
Wow, POTUS is loving the "no true Scottsman" fallacy these days...
Yet,the six wealthy Gulf countries - Qatar, the United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait and Bahrain - have offered to receive exactly zero Syrian refugees.
Obama's calm and rational analysis of every situation must certainly frustrate people who are guided only by emotion.
We have ISIS contained. 

ISIS is JV. 

Obama is an idiot. 
Republican Christians:

Take note of how unchristian your fear-mongering political affiliation is being. Christ would set fear aside and help those in need. 

Americans kill more Americans daily than those lost in the Paris attacks. I'd be more scared of that reality than the xenophobic cowardice your representatives are spewing just to trump up another whining point about Obama. All of this while supporting the mechanisms that facilitate our domestic issues with murder.

Christian or intolerant, you can't have both. 


Don't. Accept. Any. Refugees. Period. Europe made their bed so let them lay in it. It's not safe letting in all these people. 
Christians advise it is not wise do not let a strange J̶e̶w̶i̶s̶h̶ Syrian man and his family to stay at your I̶n̶n̶ country, because it is full.  Maybe they can find a nice M̶a̶n̶g̶e̶r̶  country somewhere.  


Quick question. Let's assume that the republicans are wrong and accepting a Muslim into the country doesn't cause 9/11 part 2. What would it cost us to accept, say, 200,000 refugees? I'm genuinely curious if this is just a racist/political/fearmongering thing, or if accepting a number of refugees will actually take a significant toll on the economy as well.
Go ahead, care for your refugees. Just ignore the millions on poverty, the guy on my corner has been there for the last 4 years, he's never gotten a break. 
Not to mention the fact that America is responsible for CREATING ISIS in the first place, we owe the Syrian refuges for our fuck up. Why doesn't the GOP practice what it preaches and take responsibility for Bush/Cheny's actions?
"Not American" Jesus get over your selves for fuck's sake. How about 'not compassionate', 'not human', 'not cool' 
A poll crossing my Facebook from s local news organization had a 91-9 poll going against taking ANY refugees. As long as we have homeless veterans in this country, we don't need more to care for. We have plenty of our own huddled masses. 
But what is the end game here? Are these refugees emigrating? Will they become permanent residents? What of the people that have been in line to immigrate legally for years? Where are they supposed to be housed? How do we work them into our society? Is there some kind of process where they get to choose their destination? I would think that some of them wouldnt want to relocate halfway around the world to a country to where the damn near half the population would be looking askance at them. Shouldnt we be looking a little closer to their native lands to put them up? 

Im all for the milk of human kindness but this seems like an idea fraught with problems and not very well thought out politically.
Can we ban any article with the word "slams" in the title? 
How bout a moratorium on all refugees til we get a hold of all this shit?
&gt;“There is no meaningful risk of Christians committing acts of terror,” Cruz told reporters, according to the Washington Post. “If there were a group of radical Christians pledging to murder anyone who had a different religious view than they, we would have a different national security situation.”

I started giggling and transitioned into full throated laughter after I read this.

The. Irony.
"Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled Masses yearning to be free"

But I guess the Statue of Liberty that the republicans love to wave around does actually mean what they think it means. 
No country should accept middle eastern men of fighting age as refugees.. too much risk involved. Take the women, children and the elderly. 
Fuck not being American, it's not even Christian to only help Christians.
How about we let none of them in?

Maybe send them to their rich brothers and sisters in the Arab Gulf?
It is the duty of government to protect the citizenry from foreign threats.
Two things: First, the majority of refugees are not Syrian, and two, Christian refugees aren't the ones blowing themselves up, are they?
im tired of being the one humanist in my social life that is wary of allowing syrians into america or europe.

i dont feel wrong for wanting as little terrorism in my country as possible.  and it's not that fucking far fetched to think it could happen by way of allowing refugees.

even if it werent the terrorism,  what about the threats ive seen from middle easterns saying they will slowly breed their way into power.

and you cant deny the documented proof of violence.

but suddenly the guy who argues for equal treatment to all humans is a racist asshole because he is cautioned.

i dont hate these people because they are brown or worship an unchristian god. that's still one more God than I worship.  i want the best for them.

but let's get real.  if bad shit can happen to my fellow countrymen...  why the fuck would i welcome it with open arms?
Not that I would vote for Jeb or imagine the U.S. making this explicit policy, but I'd like to highlight that being a Christian in Syria makes you highly vulnerable to persecution. This is ISIS persecution (i.e rape, enslavement, and murder). I don't know if/how we can ID them, but if it was hypothetically possible, I'd move them to the front of the line (right behind the Yazidis). It's also my opinion that the U.S. is a very Christian nation, for better or worse, and that should help them assimilate better. It's all very practical from my utilitarian mindset.
One thing I don't understand that a lot of people on this thread are alluding to is do people believe that moderate Muslims living in Western countries are all of a sudden going to start embracing the abhorrent practices of ISIS because a couple of Republicans are talking about this outlandish proposal of only accepting Christians?  I mean it seems then that those who are saying that things like this only help recruit Western Muslims into condoning suicide bombings and the killing of citizens have a pretty cynical opinion about moderate Muslims.  
Why is Obama in such a hurry to ram these people through with no background checks, but spends years illegally holding up requests to set up a charity by Americans with no criminal records?
I think Obama needs to take a few more history classes. It is very American to be prejudiced and bigoted. We hated Catholic's and the Irish, and then southern Europeans for immigrating here. We still only like "good" immigrants, those from northern Europe. I still think we bear responsibility for bringing in these refugees, but let's not act like Americans hating immigrants is anything new. 
So far we know that two of the attackers were from Belgium, one had an Egyptian passport, and one was from Syria. The only logical course of action is to block all Syrians!
Wow, well it's as easy as fucking lying about who you are then, I guess. What is the BG check? "*Hey you! You! Are you Christian?!*" *ISIS Ivan's eyes dart back and forth hastily* "*Um.............................................................................................................................................................yess.*"







"*Alrighty, get in here*" *Tosses him on a boat* "*Neeeext!*"



After reading some of the comments, I've seen it mentioned that the FBI does a screening process to check connections and so on - but ask yourselves even with how in depth this may be, that the simple fact is that many of the terrorists expect this and may be able to work around it. Also, Islamic culture is very...egregious. While I'm sure there are a good percentage of Muslims across the board who *could* live here, the Quran itself contains many questionable moral guidelines (sorry not gonna bother to cite exact sections) that one wonders could be indicative of what principles even casual citizens carry. It's a really, really, *reaaaaally* sticky situation. Like, spilled soda and sourpatch on your hands sticky.
Nor is it American to just let any terrorist into the nation. FFS I can't even bring wear shoes through the airport security, but its ok to just let in thousands of random people from an area of the world known for churning out some of the most zealous religious extremists.  Can we accept Mexican refugees instead? How about Canadians, I hear its quite cold up there this time of year.
It's only *human* to not accept people that are high-risk for terrorism.
I'm glad my governor said my state won't take any refugees, fuck them
Hate to say it but I have to go with the republicans on this one.  Only we shouldn't take anyone from that area regardless of religion.
i don't care what religion they are, don't take any of them.
I really hope we don't accept any refugees from Syria.
Let's hear from Obama himself 3 days ago. 

http://youtu.be/ZpLIbH-ExiA

Apparently since Isis is under control we should let more refugees in. I'm sure they would never use that as an excuse to gain entry. 


ISIS must love fighting against the United States.  They know they can play to our politicians' sensibilities even when it takes us to our grave
How about we accept none of them like Texas. We have enough problems here...
I'm thankful my governor said no to Syrian refugees.  No way to vet them at all. Why give the chance for a terrorist to use our kindness for a paid trip to the States to do something stupid.
We shouldn't be taking refugees period imo
It's very difficult to not feel bad for them. I really do. But my compassion doesn't outweigh my concern for America. I don't think we should let them in because it is known that there are terrorists posing as refugees. That's how they got into Paris. In fact, at least one of the attackers was a registered refugee in several European countries. Plus, ISIS has stated on video that they will be attacking the U.S. "in its stronghold." I just don't think it's worth the risk to take them in.
We live in such a bad time, where the western world is walking on egg shells, trying not to offend anyone no matter the cost. Everything's equal - god forbid we should have ANY prejudice...

Then muslim terrorists take advantage of that pussified attitude and a mass murder occurs in Paris.

I would much rather not let any refugees from the middle east enter the US and be called "Not American" or even an "Asshole", than to live in a world of fear and terror. I am not judging the entire muslim world - it's the bad seeds that are evil - but at this point it's just not worth the risk...
I don't care about their religion I don't want any of them coming. For every 15 good ones you let in you probably also invited 3 sleeper terrorists. I know it's unamerican to deny them. But they need to sack the Fuck up and take back their country. 
I heard my state governor said something about refugees not welcome in my state.  What in the fuck is wrong with our politicians?
Ted Cruz is a hate monger.
No, let's accept the people who follow a religion that encourages cutting people's heads off AND burning Christians alive.... Cause THAT'S American. 
Way to distract from the issue. I don't think anyone or any republican is concerned with this. France just was rewarded with a nice big bombing for accepting refugees, and now we are next. 
Fuck Obama. I hate this man. I'm disgusted he's running my country. Did he not hear about Paris???
Has anyone thought that's what the enemy wants?

Think about this for a minute:

What is the goal of daesh? 

To create a caliphate and have all muslims pledge loyalty to their group. They believe that this will usher in an apocalyptic war and bring about the end of the world.

What does that mean for us?

daesh wants to have muslims join them, and they actively paint the west as anti-muslim and hostile in an attempt to paint daesh as the only sanctuary for muslims in the world. By demonizing muslims and refusing their entry into any country in the west, we are proving daesh right and giving their ideology a stupid amount of power. 

How do we defang daesh?
We don't play into their hands. We refute their ideologies by being welcoming and loving hosts for peaceful people, no matter their religion. This makes daesh look like the assholes they are, and defeats the caricature of the west as Islam's greatest oppressor. 

How do we stay safe and still hold true to our American ideals?
A true vetting process. Break up large groups, gentrify them by placing in non-muslim majority areas. That makes me the world's worst anthropologist, but christ, it should work. You get rid of the "china towns", you reduce the chance of violent ideology taking hold. We must push assimilation. 
I can't even begin to describe my rage at these idiots. Not just rage at the politicians, but rage at my fellow christians for allowing such xenophobic rhetoric to become so ingrained into our religion. The union of politics and religion continues to be devastating not only for our government, but for the very religion we support and believe in. It is destroying us and we are welcoming hate in with open arms instead of practicing the love and acceptance we claim to be champions of.
Why are we letting any of them in? This country has been obsessing over terrorism for decades. They've stripped away rights in the name of "security" . Now we have an actual threat, and we're just gonna mindlessly let 200000 of them into every state in the us? Not only are the coming to my state, but my city specifically. Fuck that
Step 1: We won't allow refugees into our country!

Step 2: We shouldn't worry about more civilian casualties when bombing ISIS!

Step 3: Refer to Step 1, and/or blame Obama.
Ok, two Syrian refugees show up at your door, one is Christian one is Muslim, you are neither, but have only room for one, who gets to stay.

 I don't think you draw straws......
No way to tell what religion they are.
It also happens to be unconstitutional, but that is I guess. . .much too simple of a point?
It's good to see that someone is standing up for our values. Any attempt to discriminate based on religion (or lack of religion) needs to be stopped. It's good that Obama is out front with this.

We also are reaffirmed in our knowledge that Ted Cruz is not fit to be President of the US. Ted Cruz talks about not fearing Christians but here he is trying to take away our fundamental rights of religion without government interference. This is far more dangerous than a handful of extremists shooting guns.

What the fuck has the media come to? I mean seriously.

You could probably count the number of people that actually think this on two hands. Yet, the media sensationalizes, in their partisan echo chamber, this talking point. Guess what, if you don't agree with it, don't publish a fucking story about it. I'm so sick and tired of hearing about these "widespread beliefs of Republicans" that are really nothing more than the liberal media's partisan fantasies. Yes, some republicans are saying this, but I bet there are more people who think the CIA is somehow involved in the Paris bombings than think that we should only accept Christian refugees. But yet, the media must make some new talking point that a republican said it. It's so incredibly sad.  
But it is certainly American to only accept a Christian president.
If Christians, Atheist, and Ex Muslims are more susceptible to face violence and death why shouldn't we prioritize those whom are in most danger first? 
How is it possible to vet these refugees when all the records are destroyed?  The West can't.  There is no good way to tell who is who and what their true intentions are.  

The Islamic countries near Syria need to provide refugee camps for them temporarily until they can go back to their homes and rebuild.

The situation is a mess, but we can't reliably let in these men, women and children when the men and women could certainly be intent on murdering us.  If we mess up just once, that could be ten innocents dead (or ten million dollars if you count an average life is worth one million $).  And that blood would be on our hands.

That is not to say that we can't help provide monetary aid for the refugee camps though.  Certainly, I think that is the best thing we can do.

The refugees need to go back home and rebuild.  It is their country.  It is their homeland.  

And whatever we do, let's just make Syria stable again.
The religious test wouldn't mean anything anyway.

You ask a Muslim if hes Christian with him saying no meaning him and his family is going back to a country in the middle of a civil war, he'll say yes in an instant and go back to reading his koran the second hes out of sight.

The Jews did the same during the Spanish Inquisition.
is it "American" to only accept Muslim Syrian refugees or [accept in grossly unrepresentative numbers Christian refugees](http://www.nationalreview.com/article/426419/christian-refugees-syria-religious-minorities-united-states-resettlement-policy)?
Since the religious are making this all about them and xenophobia, in a taste of delicious irony, God has declared that Heaven will no longer take refugees, either.
And suddenly every Syrian Refugee has converted into Christianity. Let's just hope they don't convert back and take their anger out of the US for being theocracists^(what's that word for discriminating against someone because of their religion?) 
I get the other side. How about we help them help themselves with safe zones? Isn't that better, rather than continuing to retreat?
Amazing to see ripple effects from extreme overpopulation and extreme environmental stresses travel all the way around the world.  Yes these are the root causes, though not necessarily the cause of the immediate tactical effects.
Is the halt not unbiased? I thought it was for ALL syrian refugees 
He's half right.  We shouldn't be accepting any refugees until we can beef up our ability to screen them.  use defense spending to create a temporary field for screening refugees and building camps in Rockies states.  Then start allowing the ones with no ties to ISIL or other groups entry. 
Jeb was saying take priority about taking Christians because of the religious persecution they suffer in the Muslim dominated countries. He didn't say take no Muslims. But lets ignore that and create a strawman instead!
Refugee status requires that you be persecuted against and have a well founded fear of persecution. If, because you are Muslim, you don't have a well founded fear of persecution, then it absolutely should be a litmus test.
What if we only accepted women and children for a time?  (USA)
Well I just hope that when a percentage of these refugees start blowing themselves up and shooting people, Obama and the rest of the feel good liberals take long damn hard look in the mirror.
We need to set up some sort of safe zone for these people in the Middle East. It truly is terrible the awful things they have been forced to endure but bringing them over here is just far to risky. Muslim, Christian whatever, there is a potential for extremists to slip through the process. If a terrorist can disguise himself as a Christian they can disguise themselves as a refuge. 
I keep hearing that we have a moral obligation to take in refugees; but in all honesty, we have an obligation to protect ourselves first and our President is to protect the American people from all enemies foreign and domestic. Not everyone of these people are terrorists and I get that. However all it takes is one overlooked detail for us face another incident like we did in 2001. It happened in Beirut, it happened in Paris and there is nothing saying it can't happen here. Christian or not, we can't trust anyone coming from that region.
I don't think we should take any of them over here. We can't even take care of our own poor, why should our tax dollars go for foreigners?
How many homeless American CITIZENS do we have in this country? How about we help our OWN before playing the world's super hero. Syrians who we know zero about no less. This is completely idiotic
it's not american! /s We don't have religious tests but we use to have tests to get in this country!
We need different opinions debating but there's a whole lot of xenophobia in Reddit lately. If I go to Tumblr there's to many SJW, if I go to Reddit to many pseudo-fascist, if I go to Facebook it's just a shit storm, sooner or later I'll in MySpace trying to hold a decent conversation. 
It's also nice to see all the wealthy gulf states admitting their fellow co-religionists.

Except they might be the wrong flavor. 

Or are being displaced by the terror unleashed by religious extremists flooding their war-torn country, who they are currently funding.

Wouldn't want to be seen as hypocrites.
buzzfeed was the only place you could find this?
Background checks would require a first world accounting system to be in place in these peoples home countries, it does not exist. How could you criticize states for being uncomfortable with taking in these people? Compassion is necessary however it does not need to be a suicide pact. 
Whether they're Christian, Muslim, Jewish it doesn't matter! They could always lie and infiltrate host countries. What that means to me is that the refugee issue can only be dealt with by preventing anyone from entering at all! I do feel sympathy for these people,  but as an American I would say my upmost priority is to ensure the safety and well being to my fellow Americans. 
So then wouldn't the Muslims just pretend to be Christian and come in?
Sounds like just the kind of thing a Muslim would say. 
/s 
Of all the articles on this topic you had to post the one from Buzzfeed. 
Is it really asking too much to question the screening methods? Like really - that simple request makes me a xenophobe? k den
I've been researching how I might volunteer my home to host refugees here in the USA.  The closest I've found so far is this "[Airbnb for refugees](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/sep/01/berlin-group-behind-airbnb-for-refugees-overwhelmed-by-offers-of-help)" in Germany.  Is there a similar opportunity here in the states?  If not, there should be, right?  (I'm in NC, if it matters)

I'm so jealous to you Americans! Finland has taken 40,000 refugees during one year.
[Although flawless counts are impossible to come by – the transient nature of homeless populations presents a major difficulty – the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) estimates that 49,933 veterans are homeless on any given night.](http://www.supporthomelessveterans.org/statistics.php)

[Approximately 12,700 veterans of Operation Enduring Freedom (OEF), Operation Iraqi Freedom (OIF) and Operation New Dawn (OND) were homeless in 2010. The number of young homeless veterans is increasing, but only constitutes 8.8% of the overall homeless veteran population.](http://www.supporthomelessveterans.org/statistics.php)
I agree with him...though I will say this...It will definitely end the political career of the Governor who accepts a refugee that so much as gets caught shoplifting.
I have no issue with not allowing Refugees myself. Part of the reason is the cost that would hurt this country even more, especially with health care costs and government assistance. IMO, with how much money this country spends, I don't think the US can afford to bring a good portion refugees into this country. I understand these people need help, but there is a point where you cross the line of whether or not it's healthy for your country to do so.

However, I have a BIG issue with using any sort of Religion, or Race to decide who comes and who can't. 
Yes, but since they all think  he's some sort of socialist dictator, they don't much care what he thinks. 
So much fear in the comments in this post. 
And he's completely right. Turning away the poor, the oppressed, and the fearful just because of their religion is not only Un-American, it's the complete antithesis to what our nation was founded upon. And I'm speaking as a conservative Republican here. The amount of rhetoric and fear-mongering that's being slung back and forth these days is frightful and disgusting.
I want to know when America became the most cowardly nation on earth. Yes a terrorist might get through, but this is the "Greatest country on Earth" or so we are told. We shoot thousands of our fellow citizens with guns yet won't risk a few slipping in with the refugees.  1 or 2 terrorists shouldn't spell the end of our humanity. It is a cowardly act to deny them entry, is there a risk?  Yes, but hell, we are the US we shouldn't be afraid of anyone.
It's not American to wipe your ass with the constitution. 
Time after time, America fails to walk it like it talks it.
It's not Christian, or Jewish, or Muslim either
It's not american to bring terrorists to this nation
Obama slams **unnamed folks** for saying things that **nobody actually said**

Obama: always tough against a strawman!

he didn't even say the word "republican" 
- look how trained you left wing fucks are to that bell- salivating yet?

LMAO.

It's as "American" as Japanese internment camps. 
You can't reason with Christian authoritarians.
I don't think we should take any. 
I've got a great idea, lets accept NONE of the refugees!
I agree. Religion shouldn't matter.  We shouldn't be accepting any of these "refugees"
Like actually body slamming?
It's like some people haven't even read the first amendment. Religious liberty is a founding principle of this nation, yet people constantly want to trample it.
It's even less American to cut off clitorises. He can fuck off 
Jeb is a fucking moron. But accepting refugees puts Americans in danger. It's a bad idea on its face.
How can you tell if they're Christian though?. I'm sure Isis soldiers will just lie.
Well, a Christian Syrian refugee has no chance of being an Islamic terrorist. So there is that. Unless...they've infiltrated like the Synths! Trust no one.
&gt;when I hear political leaders suggesting that there would be a religious test for which person who’s fleeing from a war-torn country is admitted

Why not? We make exceptions all of the time based on shit similar to this. Shit, just accepting Syrians in the first place is making exceptions. 

Did we admit tens of thousands of refugees from Afghanistan or Iraq? Do we offer to take in North Koreans who flee into South Korea or China to seek a better life? Did we accept tens of thousands of people from Haiti after that devastating earthquake? What about people from any number of countries going through war, famine, or extreme poverty?

No? Just Syrians? 
Still waiting to hear about a Christian suicide bomber.
The President is right to "slam" Republicans on this point, but it illustrates a problematic form of rhetoric that permeates the political landscape. We've become so used to the invocation of the "American brand" that we're easily swayed by the power of its message. To be sure, the particular push of some Republicans here to only admit Christians is inconsistent with our inherent notions of fair play, but we should be wary when politicians utilize this obvious tactic. The United States does not admit refugees simply because it is the "compassionate" thing to do; there are other considerations that go into it. And although we should not use a person's religious beliefs as a litmus test to entrance, we should not fall back on the ambiguous foundation of "what it means to be American" when dealing with significant and novel issues. 
Take in a religious minority from another country where they're persecuted, un-American.
President Obama has a valid point as it relates to religious persecution, but the President's point dissolves quickly when one considers the potential national security concerns and long-term socio-economic impact to Syria.

There are many ways to meet these refugee's needs without bringing them to the U.S.  Considering the Syrian ceasefire and transition he has negotiated with Vladimir Putin at the G20 summit, it makes far more sense to house Syrian refugees in safe, middle eastern havens temporarily and return them to their country when it is safe.  After all, Syria is their home and they will be needed to rebuild it after this civil war ends.  It is naive and recklessly counterproductive to deprive Syrian society of the ability to rebuild itself by siphoning off its citizens and sending them to Europe and America instead.  

In all of the teeth gnashing and hair pulling I'm seeing from more than a few "altruistic" people on the Syrian refugee crisis, no one has stopped to consider the long-term socio-economic consequences to Syria which would be inflicted by their politically correct opinions on the topic.  This decision should be made with long-term considerations in mind, not based on a short-term, emotional knee jerk reaction.
the Christian Refugees aren't the ones strapping bombs to themselves and pushing gays off of buildings.
Not only is it not American... It isn't Christian....
Fuck him. Why can't Egypt or Saudi Arabia take them?  Useful idiots.  
You're right! Don't accept any!
&gt;“There is no meaningful risk of Christians committing acts of terror,” Cruz told reporters, according to the Washington Post. “If there were a group of radical Christians pledging to murder anyone who had a different religious view than they, we would have a different national security situation.”

nobody expects the spanish inquisition
But it's an iron-clad method of keeping out terrorists!  Everyone knows that Muslims *can't lie*, because they are religious.
I'm kinda starting to see their point about how we need to stop radicals from infiltrating the fabric of the US.  Where we differ is the fact I feel it's the christian fundies we need need to protect ourselves from, not the Syrian refugees.


How many Christian refugees are responsible for terrorist attacks?
Muslims deserve every bit of shit they get.

Islam is the most delusional, fanatical, toxic, existence and progress-prohibiting religion in existence. Anybody who is Muslim has made a highly erroneous life choice and deserves to be punished for it. Hopefully a lot of Muslims get denied and it's a wake up call so they can switch to a normal religion.
can we please not give buzzfeed any more clicks.. please post the original article.
"Give me your tired, your poor,
Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free,
The wretched refuse of your teeming shore.
Send these, the homeless, tempest-tossed to me,
I lift my lamp beside the golden door!"
The Refugees are trying to get away from the people who attacked Paris.  You neocon motherfuckers should Take a crowbar to the plate on the status of Liberty bearing that message if you wanna be that way. Put up or shut up you puffed up cowards. 
The scary thing is that if only a handful of them are planning on harming us it will happen. I don't know what the solution is. Is there a way to actually check their backgrounds?
The argument of semantics is annoying. 

A. Stop Killing people

B. Stop spreading lies and mis information radicalizing people

C. Make it harder for the bad guys to get guns

D. Makes sure our "good guys" who have guns know how to use them, when to use them, when it's appropriate to carry them and not carry them, and not use them as a political statement. 

E. When a bad guy or good guy uses a gun in a wrongful manner let's punish them to the fullest extent of the law

F. If mental health is what you want to talk about instead of guns, let's fund it, let's get psychiatrist and counselors EVERYWHERE. Let's train our first responders how to handle issues where a suspect is mentally distressed. Let's make it so if right now I need mental health care I don't have to wait 12 weeks for an appointment, need a certain health insurance provider to pay for it, need approval from a primary care physician, and when I DO get helped I wont be bankrupt since I can't afford treatment. 
odd I was led to believe he was a transgender left-wing extremist (suspected of being a vegan)

Can we just calmly report the facts about these terrorists when it comes to their motive/ideology without both political aisles acting like smug assholes and trying to score political points off each mass shooting?

&gt;haha the mass shooter/terrorist was a white christian! take that republicans!

&gt;haha the mass shooter/terrorist was a brown muslim! take that democrats!


Enough of this disingenuous pedanticism.  Terrorism is a tactic. Christians, Buddhists, Nihilists, Jews, Leftists, Rightists, virtually everybody has done it in virtually every country. It is what it is. Both sides need to accept it for what it is when it happens. In the 90's, growing up, terrorism was exclusively associated with white right-wing reclusive radicals due to the OKC bombing,  And yes, government agencies HEAVILY monitored and infiltrated (still does, actually) these right-wing fringe organizations. It was because it was the most pressing security threat of the time. 

Why is Islamic terrorism given more weight today? Because it's a recurrent theme, seemingly funded by foreign governments clandestinely and trained by paramilitary forces as enemy combatants.  VS "Cooky guy shoots abortion doctors by himself" Yes, both are horrible and the insane idiot who shot PP is no better than any other murderer or terrorist. HOWEVER, with ISIS, which is an opportunistic force created as a result to our military activities abroad, instances of Islamic Terrorism is part of a bigger story, so it gets more attention. They have a clear political motive and have PR that explains actions and takes credit for them. 

I'm one of those people who still somewhat fancies himself an 'enlightened progressive' and I think PP attacks were wrong and the result of outrageous rhetoric from the right to manipulate/energize Evangelical voters, just like most other Dems. HOWEVER, I find Christian Terrorism to be a far less important, pressing matter to me. Now, if there was a foreign Christian paramilitary force with thousands of members holding sovereign territory illegally while daily committing crimes in the name of God and publicizing them through their media wing, then it would be a comparable situation.  But, as it stands, Islamic Terrorism is a much bigger deal. It's pretty much the most important national security matter of our time, because it's a more complicated problem that cannot be solved by passing gun laws. SEE: France.  

Regardless, the implication that the PP shooting gets less attention than Islamic Terrorism  because of racism against brown people is disingenuous at best and woefully obtuse at worst.  I'm not saying anti-muslim bigotry is nonexistent since 9-11. It clearly still exists and I hate that it does, but even if this were not the case,  you have to see why organized Islamic Terrorist groups with thousands of members are a much bigger story than this one guy acting without an apparent affiliation with any organization or accomplice.  
&gt;“He believed he was doing God’s will, and I’m sure he probably wanted to die in the process of carrying out what I’m sure he thought was right.”

Or

“He believed he was doing Allah’s will, and I’m sure he probably wanted to die in the process of carrying out what I’m sure he thought was right.”

Honestly, how is it different?
religious extremism does not discriminate
Look at the large majority of any terrorist action and see the ONE UNDERLYING FACTOR OF IT ALL: dogmatism

Who the fuck cares if they are Christian, Muslim, Buddhist, or otherwise when it is either dogmatism or mental illness (usually backed with dogmatism) that leads to all of these types of actions.

Where are the articles decrying dogmatic expression of beliefs? I know it isn't as tasty as, "if it bleeds, it leads" but who cares when we see ourselves killing each other just because some dumb-ass subjective 'truth' is held higher than what is easily true for anyone?

Dogmatism is the poison in religions. It is when we hold up some dumb assed thing as 'true' and then tell everyone not to question it or to evaluate it themselves. It is at best intellectual dishonesty and more likely just mental laziness.

Dogmatism: add it to the top of the narrative and then we can find a path to progress past this.
Yes, the article title is condescending
Can someone answer me why this sub is practically jizzing it's pants in delight that this tragedy seems to have been perpetuated by a Christian?
Can we stop up voting thinkprogress articles to the top every single fucking day. I mean, cmon
Doesn't matter what's true because Ted Cruz has already said he was a transgendered "leftist" so no amount of facts and information to the contrary will convince the right. Any information to the contrary will be labeled as " liberal bias". 
I wonder why they put quotation marks on "[Christian Terrorist](https://ic3407.files.wordpress.com/2008/10/dr1.jpg)". 


How bout those San Bernardino murders? 
It's funny how this is the top submission right now, just as we discover that yesterday's shooting was done by Muslim terrorists.
Why is ok to talk about Christian terrorists but not Muslim terrorists on Reddit?
John Brown was a Christian terrorist 
I think it is safer to say that he was a Religious Terrorist.
This subreddit is a joke.
Funny how this is the top post in r/politics, seeing how radical islam just attacked yesterday with a bloody result. But let's not politicize these mass shootings, lol
And the shooting yesterday was by muslim terrorists, right?
Funny how media outlets like this insist (or dare I say demand) that he be called a "Christian Terrorist," but two Muslims (young parents who abandoned a 6 month old child) killed 14 people in a military-style attack complete with tactical gear, pipe bombs, and bags of ammo, which they planned in a home that was described as an, "IED factory"...and the mainstream media is still trying to make it frame it as "workplace violence," because they're afraid to make Muslims mad and appear politically incorrect/racially insensitive.

The double standards are staggering. We're going to PC ourselves into oblivion.
I don't see him as a "Christian terrorist" for the same reasons I don't see ISIS as "radical Islamic terrorists." I see ISIS as an international terrorist organization and the PP shooter as a domestic terrorist, nothing more  and nothing less. When the [FBI is making a domestic terrorism](https://www.fbi.gov/about-us/investigate/terrorism/terrorism-definition) charge, there is absolutely no concern for the perpetrators followed religion, they are only looking intent of coercion through violent force. 
a whole new level of reasoning why i can't help but think religion is d u m b
I'm glad that even when faced with tragedy we're still able to come together to use it to push a political agenda.
Got to love how Reddit is still on about this guy after deleting all the posts about the shooting yesterday once it turned out it was done by Muslims.
Crazy conservatives: "Let's hope it was a muslim to support our warped agendas."  
Crazy liberals: "Let's hope it was a white christian to support our warped agendas."
&gt; Christian Terrorist

over 1k upvotes, sarcasm and irony all over the place along with moderate hatred from everyone

&gt; Muslim Terrorist

Over 1k downvotes and obligatory "MUSLIM ARE NOT TERRORISTS READ THE BOOKS" 

Just fuck off with your double standards. 
&gt; Another report from the Charleston Post and Courier claimed that Dear was obsessed with an interpretation of the Christian apocalypse, and used dark, bizarre theology to justify disturbing acts of domestic violence against his ex wife.

Hm. Bastardizing their religion and committing heinous acts with the goal of rushing forward the apocalypse detailed in their holy book? Sounds a lot like Daesh. 
Let me get this straight. You guys think that there is a [christian extremist terrorist movement](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christian_terrorism), which is committing terrorist acts on par with [islamic extremist terrorists](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Islamic_terrorism)? It's not xenophobic or racist to point out the incongruency, just an acknowledgement of reality. But, please continue with your raging circle jerk, it's just shining a light on the pathology of modern politics. 

“I like your Christ, I do not like your Christians. Your Christians are so unlike your Christ.”

― Mahatma Gandhi 
Yes, The San Bernardino Shooter Is An ‘Islamic Terrorist’
but why is he a Christian terrorist if ISIS is not an islamic terrorist?? It's so hypocritical. Everyone becomes an islamic scholar and apologist one on hand and love to remember the crusades on the other
Radical christian.
Yes, we will politicize tragedies while denouncing those that do it when it doesn't fit our narrative.

Fuck you.
Cant a terrorist just be a terrorist
whew, Well now that we have had a Xstain terror attack over abortion, we can rest easy for another 5-10 years... On the other hand, islam is spreading peace again.. this time 3 people and over 10 dead!!
Wait, front page for this guy involved in a 3 fatality shooting a week ago. However nothing on the radical Muslims who killed 14 people just yesterday. Very interesting.  
Okay, he's a "Christian terrorist."  But let's not kid ourselves into thinking that "Christian terrorism" poses as great of a threat as Islamic terrorism.  I feel like that's why some people on the left are jumping at the chance to use the term--to somehow equate the two.  Let's be real.  There are not tens of thousands of "Christian terrorists" around the world perpetrating weekly suicide bombings, taking over parts of the middle east.  The two problems warrant two completely different responses.
How can we go from "Not all Muslims are Terrorist" and getting pissed about that. To INSTANTLY "OMFG He is CHRISTIAN TERRORIST! BLAME THE REPUBLICANS!" 

How about we start blaming the ACTUAL FUCKING PERSON who kills other people instead of trying to make it about a certain group. No matter what religion or group you associate yourself with, YOU are ultimately responsible for YOU. If my church told me we need to go shoot some people, I would instantly leave and tell the authorities.

If you actually take a life you clearly are not doing good peaceful work. And the people that BLAME RELIGION OR GROUPS are just as stupid.

This was an act of one dumbfuck. The article even claims he was part of an extremist group against abortions. This had NOTHING to do with Christains or Republicans. Just another pathetic act of a fuckhead who should get the death penalty yesterday.
This article is junk, the website is junk. The author disputes a mountain of evidence by saying there is a "widely discredited claim that Planned Parenthood profits from the sale of fetal tissue" and links to another article on its own website. A full (unedited) video of each undercover investigation has been released.  Those of you that think PP doesn't sell fetal tissue have simply not had the fortitude or courage to watch the video because the facts are counter to your feelings.    
Garbage article. Garbage post. Garbage sub-reddit. Garbage people. 
Yep.  The guy was a terrorist.  Whether or not he is "Christian" is up for some debate, but what the Hell, we'll give you the benefit of the doubt.

So, in the last 25 years, "Christian" anti-abortion terrorists have killed 11 (that's ELEVEN) people in the USA.

Muslim terrorists have killed 3100, 14 just yesterday.

A sense of perspective please.

Oh, and I'm a Canadian, living in Canada, so spare me the cries of "Republican!"
Now say "radical Islam". If you can say "christian terrorist", you can say "radical Islam" too.
However, according to Obama and Hillary, the autism center shooters are NOT Islamic terrorists.   
  
Also, according to left wing activists (like on reddit), the autism center shooting is because of guns, and the planned parenthood shooting is because of pro lifers.  

http://media.townhall.com/Townhall/Car/b/81_17237020151202085257.jpg  


Oh from think progress....yes quite good very useful thank you
*Reddit policy of not "glorifying" killer(s) with front page coverage
Puts "Christian" killer on front page with article going for "Christian Terrorist" angle.

*Muslim couple kills 14

No front page coverage, instead "Gun Control" angle is pushed everywhere, very little mention of Islam is made.

Disgusting
Worthless
Hypocritical
SJW's


He was influenced by propaganda popular among many (though not all) American Christians.

On the other hand, the Bible has little to say about abortion.

In fact, infanticide seems to be tolerated within scripture.
It's outrageous that the Justice Department refuses to officially designate it as an act of terrorism.
The problem with this article is that the left has been fighting the idea of labeling terrorists as any sort of religion, but when it plays into their narrative they are more than willing to throw it around. I agree, he is a Christian terrorist. I, however, do not shy away from pointing out that Islamic terrorists exist as well, something that the far left has shied away from. You can't have it one way and not the other.
So this post is on the front page but posts identifying the San Bernardino shooters as Muslims are being removed. 
Really? Just a day after San Bernandino radical Islamist attack, and this is near the top with nothing else close mentioning the previous day's attack?
what is the point of these stupid shit posts? the implication to me is that it's ok when Muslims (or non-white, non-Christians) do bad things because white Christians do bad things too.
I'm looking for OP's posting of the California Shooting highlighting the Religious followings of those shooters yesterday... Yeah, I know. That doesn't fit the narrative.  
*sort by controversial*

Ah, here's some sanity. It's a shame they'll all get deleted for not pushing the white devil narrative, though.
Why is /r/politics so hateful to christians specifically? This link has been posted a hundred times already, and there's only one thread with hardly any upvotes talking about the the californian shooters being muslim. People here are just as bad as conservatives by taking a side in this.
So does that mean the Ft Hood Killer was a Muslim Terrorists.... no... oh ok, sorry r/politics, didn't mean to ask such a question
[deleted]
I love how they give him an almost absolving prefixed label. This seems like an attempt to differentiate and raise him above muslim terrorists who are just terrorists.
Where is the San Bernardino thread?
He utilized violence to attempt to change the behavior of others. That's the essence of terrorism.
Oh shit! Another Muslim terror attack! Quick, find out a way to shift all the attention to evil white people!
or he was just a crazy motherfucker like most extremists
I remember there being a report from the Obama administration's homeland security saying that "White men homegrown terrorism" being an actual threat and needs to be looked into and the Republican party crying about how biased the report was.
If San Bernardino was workplace violence, this was just a custody dispute.
So we have Christian terrorists and Muslim terrorists. Muslim terrorists are much more prominent and a bigger problem than your random nut job with a gun. I don't care for religion whatsoever, but I highly doubt there is a global Christian terrorist network that plans mass murders.
Why aren't the moderate Christians condemning this?


And?
Eh who gives a shit about this guy?  Put a bullet in his head and move on.
Explosives verified and now links to known terrorism associates surfacing.
Saying you're Christian and being Christian are two different things. 
man, r/politics is really trying to divert attention from yesterdays attacks.
Self-proclaimed Christian kills people: "Christianity is evil"

Self-proclaimed Muslim kills people: "Ah, but no TRUE Muslim would kill people."
Who owns this /sub Distraction Inc.?
I am sure the party of tolerance will hasten to add his Christianity is a correlation and not a causation, as they do with Muslim terrorists
The Left is expert at identifying hypocrisy because they are expert hypocrites, to wit: $250,000 fine and 5 yrs in jail for killing an unborn American Bald Eagle, not so much for killing an unborn American citizen; "black lives matter" when killed by police, not so much when killed by other "black lives"; guns should be outlawed, not so much for the their personal bodyguards; drawing cartoons of Muhammad is hate speech, not so much for displaying the crucifix in urine.

I could go on and on, but you get the idea.
Fuck this corrupt sub 
Christian here. This is the height of irony.
I left /r/politics because of this sorta of stuff.

Literally the day after a much more organized, deadlier terrorist attack.  Somehow the Planned Parenthood guy is the most upvoted thing on here.  Who the fuck is denying he isn't a Christian terrorist?  Idiots.
This is a problem for the left.

If The planned-parenthood shooter is a "Christian Terrorist", then "Christian Terrorism" exists.  If "Christian Terrorism" exists, then "Islamic Terrorism" also exists.  The scope and scale of Islamic terrorism throughout the world is exponentially greater than that of Christian terrorism.  By implication, A fundamentalist interpretation of Islam is exponentially more dangerous than a fundamentalist interpretation of Christianity.  This means the fundamentals of Islam are far more poisonous than the fundamentals of Christianity

Progressives can no longer say "terrorism has nothing to do with Islam,"  or "all religious fundamentalism is equally violent."

Progressives now must admit that Islam is a peculiarly problematic religion, more violent than Christianity, and that the government needs to prioritize fighting Islamic terrorism.

Its better to just blame climate change and avoid all the controversy that comes with criticizing the culture of poor brown people.
Where is the San Bernardino thread?
So is the Oregon shooter an Atheist terrorist?

The problem for liberals is that everywhere Islam rules, there is unbelievable oppression. Christians and Atheists all have their fringes which act out, but Islam is violent from the top down. The peaceful parts are the fringes.
You guys are fucked, hooray he was Christian!  Meanwhile everyone is quiet about the more recent shooting. ..wonder why? 
I bet the people he killed don't give a shit what his religion is. 
According to Think Progress, the problem is with Christians as much as with terrorists.

What kind of a name is "Think Progress" anyway?  Pretentious and presumptive.  And meant to imply that anyone who reads it is especially smart and wants progress.  
I hate that semantic bull shit. Planned Parenthood shooting was terrorism just the same as yesterday shooting is terrorism. Fucking same stuff, both equally evil. 
No he was mentally unstable a two min conversation and you knew it if he had been on meds he wouldn't have  
killed anyone. Where the Terrorist in Cali went to work and interacted with people everyday and hid what they were and no one was the wiser no people would have helped them. Both acts of terror. But shooters in Cali were terrorist 
what part of "THOU SHALT NOT KILL" did you not understand you dense motherfucker??
Left wing propaganda
I love /r/politics.  Since the San Bernardino shooters were not white or Christian, that story is practically gone from the front page.  

Meanwhile, lets keep reminding everyone about the white Christian shooter.
Ok, fine, whatever, he's a Christian terrorist.  Now, can we please do something about WORLDWIDE Islamic terrorism?
It's comical how you leftists are so afraid to use the words 'Muslim' or 'Islam' when discussing acts of terrorism committed by Islamic radicals but when the shooting is done by some pasty white man you immediately rush to indict Christianity. 

Your double standard is nauseating. 
In other news, water is wet.

Edit: kind of an oversight by me, I meant that facetious remark towards the terrorist part specifically. 

Someone who commits an act like this *typically* does it to instill fear and terror into people, which to me implies he's a sort of terrorist. Whether he did it because of his views towards the orginzation is beyond me, but his response to the matter, in my view, suggests he did it because he opposes the beliefs that his religion has towards the things happening at PP, which in turn would make him a radical Christian by definition. 

I dunno. Just my .02. 
and the california shooter is a muslim

lets have them fight it out in the octagon, to decide once and for all who are the best terrorists...christians, or muslims!

...honestly though, are we going to blame one group based on the actions of an individual?
Holy crap does this article reek of agenda. These same people will defend Islamic extremism, but when a mass shooting (which is not a terrorist event) it's almost like their salivating to scream that any remotely right wing group is terrorism. In this article we have white supremacist groups, anti-abortionsits, pagans, and christians all decryed as terrorists in one fell swoop. 

If you count shootings as terrorism, then of course you get these numbers. But shooting 4-10 people is not terrorism. Blowing up a building with a bunch of people inside like Timothy Mcveigh is terrorism. Bombing and killing all over Paris is terrorism. Shooting because you're racist and/or mentally ill is not terrorism. 

I'm not sure what my point is, I just find this trend towards labelling dissenting views as thoughtcrime very disturbing.
This sub is pure propaganda. Disgusting, the whole lot of you
In case you have not figured it out, religion is poison.  All those "moderates" or peaceful religious followers are peaceful it in spite of their religion, not because of it.  
didn't this guy believe he needed a metal roof so the government wouldn't spy on him?  i don't think "christian terrorist" fits as much as "mentally disturbed individual".
He looks like he should be in a commercial for Wrangler jeans
If radical Islamic terrorists are not *really* Muslims as BO contends, then this loon is not really a Christian.

In general, Christians have that whole forgive and forget thing going for them while Islam tends to be a far less forgiving of nonbelievers and transgressors. I think that is why Islamic terrorism is much more organized and communal while Christians who commit terrorist acts are usually lone crazies who do not find acceptance among the vast majority of other Christians. 
Oh religion..
So Thinkprogress is really one of the worst websites out there, it's just plain awful. It did have one story about the brutal Islamic killings yesterday in California, but nowhere could I find the word Islam anywhere in the story, funny how that works. Yet there are many stories about the planned parenthood shooter being Christian as this headline cleary writes Christian, what a weird twisted country America has become. Imagine back in the late 30's if the US newspapers refused to say Nazi's or Japs, as to not offend our enemy. If Obama was in control back during WWII, we would all be speaking German right about now.
Yep. And the San Bernardino shooter is a 'Muslim terrorist.'
Liberal logic: 

Muslim Terrorist: "We shouldn't use labels like that its not PC."

Christian Terrorist: "Christians are racist xenophobic murderers."

Do i need to check my privilege?
Notice how the story of the Islamic terrorist(S) in California has disappeared from the front page.

It's embarrassing how intellectually dishonest liberals are. That thread was closing in on 10,000 likes and was the top post on the front page when cops were looking for 'three white men in ski masks'. Once it was revealed to be Muslims, suddenly it's gone from /ALL and all the hype with it. 

The difference between the two incidents? The Planned Parenthood shooter was clearly insane. Everyone will say the Muslims who shot up the government officials party were completely normal. So why would a completely normal person commit an act of terror? Islam.
So if a white guy shoots up a place he is definitely a terrorist.  A group of Muslims shoots up a place and had bombs, maybe it's terrorism maybe it's not.  This antiwhite rhetoric by our media is sickening.
please try to demonize Christians more, you'll be in for a surprise next election. Don't forget that the left are unwilling to say Islamic terrorist or illegal immigrant, but they are more than willing to call their fellow Americans terrorist. 
So he's a Christian terrorist because he's white and shot up a planned parenthood clinic, which was a terrible tragedy, but the Muslim man and his Pakistani wife who wore body armor, set up pipe bombs, and shot up 30 innocent Americans weren't Islamic terrorists?
Why is this on the front page and not the Muslims who killed 14 yesterday in the state with some of the strictest gun laws in the country?  I guess that would be antithetical to the left's campaign for more muslim invaders and more gun control, eh?
This guy actually was a nutjob.. he lived in a shack alone without running water, and rambled incoherently to the police. When Muslims commit terrorist acts, they work in concert with a group. Do liberals not get this?
This is the front page of Reddit the day after a Muslim terrorist shoots up California. 
Then the San Bernardino shooters were Muslim terrorists. (Oh wait that's racist we can't say that!) 
As a Christian I'm all for it... call it what it is, "Christian terrorist"
Score: Christian terrorists 1
            Muslim terrorists 9827
Tbh, terrorist is the wrong word, the aim of terrorists is to spread terror and push an agenda with the threat that more will come.

The terror doesn't come from the initial attack, it comes from the fact that the organisation/person responsible is still active.

This guy got caught, is probably going to jail and was from what I can gather independent in his efforts.

*He was not a terrorist, he was a zealot.*

The media always comes up with funny words for things. I remember a story of a shooting at a UK naval base described as 'cowardly'. Brazen would be the word they're looking for, because imo there's nothing cowardly about running into a naval base shooting people.
Why does his religion matter? I'm pretty sure he was mentally ill 
It's fucking nuts the mental gymnastics I've seen conservatives doing the last few to try to say otherwise.  I swear to god I heard someone say, "Well, none of the victims were patients or service providers, so just because the attack happened to take place at a Planned Parenthood..."

I couldn't believe my ears.
Looks like they have him on suicide watch.
I really dislike the term terrorist in general. I feel like terror isn't even the primary goal if these criminals most of the time. Politically motivated criminals would be a much better term in my opinion.
The terrorists in Paris were Muslim terrorists.
&gt; He says that as long as he believes he will be saved, he can do whatever he pleases.

Ah the good ole christian excuse to be an asshole.  God will save him.
It'd be nice if the right could utter the words "Anti-Abortion Terrorist" and the left could say "Islamic Terrorism" without breaking down into a pile of first-world guilt. Politicians I can understand, they have an agenda to push. But even random shitposters on internet forums do this stuff.
I thought reddit didn't like giving the shooters of the tragedies exposure...
how about we remove "christian" or "muslim" and replace it with "religious".
There is a distinct difference between one crazy dude shooting up a place and an organized group planning an attack for specific religious reasons
Republican checking in here (sorta Christian, too).  Correct.  That man is technically a Christian terrorist.

A little bit of advice, though, when there's gun violence in America.

Please don't be so *gleeful* about it.  If you want to get worked up over something, ask why the NSA, which monitors ALL of our conversations, didn't intervene when Farook came back from Saudi Arabia and began buying pipe bomb making materials online.

I'm sure he wasn't smart enough to maintain radio silence about his plot to slaughter his coworkers.  The NSA knew.  They just didn't care.


&gt; Christian Terrorist

Fuck that, this guy is a criminal.  The same goes for the Paris killers, too.

"Terrorist" is a word that's used to short-circuit basic rights, which harms everybody.  It also boosts up the attackers.  

Someone who  shoots up a place - regardless of what team they're on - is a criminal, nothing more.
i find it quite the thing that there is not a word on the front page about the muslim terrorists that shot up San Bernadino yesterday. 
What terrorist organization does he belong to? 
Think progress.. Where dumb meets dumber.. Christian terrorist? Only in your feeble minds.. 
he does not have a "warped view of christian faith", he has ZERO understanding of the christian faith.
Then why is it so hard for people to admit it when it's Islamic terrorists?  It's usually a gun issue then. 
I wish smart liberals would stop insisting on labeling these killers as 'Christian.' It makes us look very hypocritical when we try to make the point that people claiming to be killing in the name of Islam are actually perverting a very mainstream respected religion. 

We get it, Think Progress, but we're smart and informed. You are confusing a lot of the stupid and ignorant, just to antagonize them. 
There's no new info in this article, other than that it states he has no intention of following the Bible, because he feels that regardless what he does he will be saved and the world is coming to an end anyway. He is a Christian and a terrorist, but he isn't killing people in the name of Christianity. He is killing people because he feels like it, and because he feels there will be no eternal punishment due to Christianity.

That's a stark contrast to Islamic terrorists who are following (albeit cherry picked) Quran verses word for word. 
Notice how all of these recent attacks have religion involved? 
I understand that this is a politically-charged case, but why can't we just write a story about how a wackjob shot up PP and call it a day?
The intellectual dishonesty in this thread is OVER 9000!!!!!
No, there was no political motivation behind the attack. It was just a mentally disturbed individual and his acts do not find justification in Christian doctrine. Therefore, the expression "Christian terrorist" is ridiculous.
How does this have anything to do with politics?
Ok you've labeled him.   Now what?
Religion poisons everything. EVERYTHING!
&gt; They noted that it is hypocritical for GOP presidential candidates such as Marco Rubio to mock President Barack Obama and Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton for not using the phrase “Islamic terrorism” when discussing **militant groups such as ISIS**, but avoid ascribing the same standard to terrorists who **cite Christianity as their inspiration**.

It's almost as if the definition of "terrorist" means belonging to a specific *group* that uses terrorism.

Not every mass murder is terrorism, even if it has some political or religious underpinnings. What makes terrorism frightening is when there's an organized group doing it.

Why this is so hard to understand, I don't know. The author even says it in the article, but doesn't understand it.
Well ... labels ... labels.

That would mean the proper sign on a Planned Parenthood facility should be, "Baby Auschwitz".

But if everyone is trying to be accurate, OK then.
I can't believe I'm saying this, but good for Mike Huckabee for calling out the double standard!
How this makes the front page while there is not even a single thread on San Bernardino for about 3 pages....?
This is what the GOP created. If you make extreme hyperbolic statements to try to condemn something you simply don't want to pay for, some loonie you influenced will take matters into his own hands because of how mad their false sentiments make people. If I was an idiot and believed everything some of the GOP said, I would be INCREDIBLY pissed off too....but a lot of what they say is hyperbolic or exaggerated or straight up not true.
Sigh. This is just a competition. Why do you even care about branding him a terrorist? To be able to say "look! now christians' terrorists too!"?

Cool and all but what good will it do? He's a criminal and a murderer. As it seems for the moment, a lone actor. Not part of anything bigger. If any fucker with a gun is to be branded terrorist, when will we know which group of people really is dagerous?
"Christian" is a term that has picked up a broad definition, but this man is definitely not a Christ-follower as indicated in the article. Please don't fuel the discrimination around faith.
&gt;“He claims to be a Christian and is extremely evangelistic, but does not follow the Bible in his actions,” Mescher, Dear’s ex-wife, reportedly stated in an affidavit when she filed for divorce. “He says that as long as he believes he will be saved, he can do whatever he pleases. He is obsessed with the world coming to an end.”
If true, Dear would appear to share the ideological leanings of so-called “Christian terrorists,” specifically participants in the “Christian identity movement” that have terrorized abortion providers for years. Dear’s supposed adoration for the Army of God, if true, is particularly telling: Members of the Army of God have long used the Bible to justify bombings at abortion clinics, attacks on gay and lesbian nightclubs, and even the infamous explosion at the Olympic village during the 1996 Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.
I am really shocked how liberals will do anything to protect Islam in America.  It makes absolutely no sense.  Islam makes women second class citizens.  Islam HATES gay people.  Islam is against freedom of the press and freedom of speech.  What is also shocking/telling is that this is a top article on the front page and not an article of what happened yesterday.  The divide in America is very strong right now.  
Sorry, libs. He's just a nut. You'll have to look elsewhere for your radical Christian terrorists..
I hate Reddit so much. 
Haha says thinkprogress.org,,such a reliable site.

Please tell me did he carry this out in the name of Christianity? Nope. Well then youve got a hard argument to make. You could argue that his pro-life ideas were fulled by Christianity, but then that is an issue because it assumes that the source of a belief means that that is what it was carried out in the name of.

Lets use an analogy to make it easier. A few months ago a hardcore atheist shot 3 Muslims to death. Now indeed he didnt carry it out in the name of atheism, but to claim his extremely anti theistic ideas didnt contribute is ridiculous (its a lor easier to kill people of another group if you hate them and/or are convinced of an us vs them mentality - just look at war to see that). Similarly, this guys Christian ideas may have contributed to his dislike for abortion but that diesnt necessarily mean it was carried out in the name of Christianity. There are atheists who are anti-abortion too so the two dont go hand in hand. Basically in essence Christian ideas may have been the root of dislike but it wasnt what it was carried out under.

Lets take it another way then to make it eveb easier for you. There are atheist pro-life people too. If one of them had carried out the attack would it be atheist terrorism? No? Then why is it if hes a Christian? If it wasnt specifically carried out in the name of the ideology its hard to pin it as terrorism of that ideology. At the moment all you can call him is a pro-life terrorist who was a Christian. To automatically claim its Christian terrorism just because hes Christian is the same as me saying its atheist terrorism if an atheist did it.

Oh also, why werent you guys crying about atheist/pagan terrorism when that guy shot up Oklahoma college and targeted Christians? Just a point.
Unlike Islam, Christianity isn't inherently violent.
Old news.

Now we're on to the Muslim Jihadists who killed 14 people in San Bernadino yesterday.
We get it, we really do. Reddit is so creepily excited that it was a Christian it's somewhat disturbing.
You know I really wish this country would really stop fucking politicizing attacks like this. When it's Muslims the left jumps to the defense and right starts attacking, when it's not the right is defending and left is attacking. Anyone of you that reads this fucking insignificant Shit and thinks it matters doesn't actually care about stopping gun violence. If either side  was told they could stop all gun violence but they couldn't push their agenda every tragedy who honestly thinks they would accept that deal? 
So in order to deflect attention from yesterday's much deadlier shooting by three Muslims, mainstream media will focus on last weeks much less deadly shooting by a white Christian. Makes fucking sense. 
Shhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhocking.
An American friend on my facebook wrote "This man is a Christian terrorist, plain and simple. I post this not as some sort of "proof" Christians can be terrorists, but instead in the hope that anyone who is Christian and reads this thinking, "that man is not Christian, he does not represent my religion or what I believe" can open their hearts in empathy for how Muslims feel when someone professing faith in Islam also commits acts of terror. The actions of a hateful terrorist that kills in the name of a religion does not implicate other peaceful followers of that faith, period."
&gt;“He claims to be a Christian and is extremely evangelistic, but does not follow the Bible in his actions,” Mescher, Dear’s ex-wife, reportedly stated in an affidavit when she filed for divorce. “He says that as long as he believes he will be saved, he can do whatever he pleases. He is obsessed with the world coming to an end.”

Yea his ex wife didn't even believe he was christian.
and even if he is, the number of muslim terrorists are far more than the number of christian terrorists.  it does not take a genius to figure out what we should be fixing first.
Liberal stupid fucks think it's funny to call a lone gunman a 'Christian Terrorist' but can't say 'Islamic Extremists.' How quixotic to paint this mentality disabled man as a right-winger. You really have fallen off the deep end.  
Why to do people on here have no problem pointing fingers and blaming at anti-abortion/right wingers/Christians and their faith when they commit atrocities, BUT whenever Muslims commit acts of terrorism, it's unacceptable to do the same? 

It's like after the Paris attacks, mods literally deleted mass comments relating to Islam, and most were not bigoted at all. It's always "they aren't real Muslims" followed by you're "xenophobic racist" 
FOLLOW THE NARRATIVE FOLLOW THE NARRATIVE FOLLOW THE NARRATIVE.

Ignore San Bernadino and the Muslim terrorist, this is WAY more important! 
The irony of this thread being on the top of /r/politics the day after a much larger Islamic terrorist attack is palpable. 

So is everyone just downvoting the identity of the terrorists in yesterday's attack or are those posts being deleted by the mods?
What really upsets me about this particular piece of domestic terrorism is you know that Christians everywhere are gonna be like "Well not ALL Christians are crazy like that" while still spouting Islamphoebic bullcrap. I really don't understand why people can't see and recognize such obvious bullhockey.
His public defender is about to breakdown and cry in that picture.
Christian? Nice to have some variety in the hideous shit that goes on theses days, eh? 
He obviously isn't a very good 'Christian'
Well now that we can label him a Christian terrorist that makes all the difference.
In that pic he looks like the Mickey Rourke character from Iron Man 2.
I thought we just called them all daesh now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EWeVbKwrdGs#t=5
I was going to make a long winded response, but it will do no good. Ostrich head firmly buried. You partisan idiots are a lost cause. 
Why doesn't someone take a headshot?

I watch Walking Dead ... headshots are easy.
Sorry, but no. This guy was obviously off his rocker. It's like saying James Holmes was a Christian terrorist because he had a Bible in his apartment. I'm not saying terrorism in the name of Christianity doesn't exist, but this is NOT one of those cases, and its few and far between compared to the attacks we see in the name of Islam. 
I hope the Church speaks out, loudly, about what a traitor to the faith he is.
[Odinism?](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Odinism#Beliefs)  This kind of stuff makes me wonder what you couldn't talk idiots into believing. 
I usually don't like it when the media tries to slap the 'terrorist' label on people who are clearly very, very mentally ill, but in this case I think it fits.  This guy wasn't James Holmes batshit crazy, he was Timothy McVeigh politically motivated.  A terrorist.
This guy was a grave tragedy.
the problem with the title of this article is that people like to label.   This guy is a nut, and is hiding behind the religious teachings of a group of individuals.   

this is no different than radical muslims using the muslim teachings to justify their actions, while peaceful muslims protest their actions.   


Call someone what he is, a nut job.

dont include him in a group that doesnt even want him in it
The Romans called Jesus a terrorist too /s
So does that mean we can finally send Westboro Baptist Church to Gitmo?
I thought he was an asshole!?
wellll now that they have a label i guess we can just breathe a collective sigh of relief.... /s
It boggles the mind that people believe, in any way, that Jesus or any "God" would condone any kind of violence.  Im honestly confused that so many people have lost the true meaning of what their "Gods" message was to the people.  

 
I wonder what Joshua Feuerstein  has to say on this? 
Can we also discuss who he was inspired by if we're going to say "____ was inspired by ISIS" for those attacks that weren't directly ordered?
Very sloppy use of the word "terrorist."
I fully agree!
He's a terrorist. 
Hear that, Jeb Bush?
Media: "Ben Carson screwed up while holding the ball."

Bernie: "Stop focusing on the ball!"

Media: "Look, Bernie has the ball!"

Bernie: "I said STOP focusing on the ball. Ask us some real questions."

Media: "Are you gonna throw the ball?"

Bernie: "No! Stop focusing on the ball!"

Media Headline: Bernie Sanders Has Ball, Refuses to Throw It
ya but if they challenge him on his policy positions, there will be a liberal media bias protest
That's all well and good but so few politicians actually lay out their policies and then they themselves go on the attack over little things.

If they want to lead by example, that'd be great.

Lets look at the border fence thing. Trump: We will build a fence and make Mexico pay for it.

Okay. How many miles will it be, are there eminent domain issues, who exactly is going to build it (contractors, what is the bidding process as you envision it) how long do you project it will take, etc and so on?

All we usually get is a quick blurb or a 'white paper' which isn't great on specifics. 
[deleted]
character isn't insignificant, and isn't being a pathological liar reflective of the character voters would be putting into office?
Ben Carson writes a book to introduce himself to public and major claims cannot be verified. That means we don't know who he is and we are not likely to find out.  How is this unimportant?
The media needs to do a better job of focusing on the substance of the issues and the proposals each candidate is promoting. 

In think Bernie isnt exactly defending Carson here. He's saying the media is consistently blowing up small things in peoples past to influence voter opinion, instead of putting news out about their ideas a policies. Everyone loves a scandal though.
I only care because I know that the evangelicals care about his character and I want him to lose their vote. Sanders is definitely taking the high road here; there's no doubt in my mind. Integrity is part of what's so impressive about Sanders. But I'd like to see Carson lose one way or another and the vast majority of his voters care about exactly 2 policies (both of which have been made almost irrelevant by the Supreme Court) and his moral character. It's not any wonder to me that the media gravitates toward stories about his lack of moral fortitude. He's the moral fortitude guy, not the great conservative policies guy. 
I think it matters not only what a candidate's current policies are, but how likely that candidate is to stick by them once in office. If a candidate is pretty much a pathological liar like Carson appears to be, it doesn't matter what he *says* his policies are, because we can't trust him to follow through on them.
We rely on candidates to do in office what they promise on the campaign trail.

If it is clear that if a candidate is a chronic liar, that is a major consideration on his suitability for office.

Policies count, but so does character!

Bernie is being too generous. If Hillary lied about important issues related to her emails, or if Carson lied about his bio, that helps us know how much we could trust them in office.
"Blast"... Anyone notice how gun speak worked it's way into our daily headlines? 
The whole reason I plan on voting for Bernie, even though I disagree with him on multiple issues, is because of his history and character. I know where he stands... there's no worrying that next week he'll be pro this, when last week he said he was against it. Even if they're not things I agree with, I find solace in knowing exactly how he stands and how he'll stand in the future.

With Carson, he can't even tell the truth about insignificant things, how can I trust him to uphold his campaign promises even a week from now? 

Carson's never held an office, so all I have to go off of for him, is his credibility, and his supposed policies. If you're a pathological liar, your credibility is shit, and your supposed policies mean about as much as a Zimbabwean Dollar (which is $0.002 USD)
As much as I like Bernie, he's wrong here. A candidate's character is relevant.  Carson turns out to be a fabulist, who has generated fictions about himself to support his narrative.  He is also a hyper religious whackadoodle.  These points are relevant when we are considering giving him the power to launch nuclear missiles, and the media are right to draw attention to them. 
Hes a pro-lifer so if you are pro-choice thats bad.

Education he wants to get rid of common core, which has its problems. But I have the sneaking suspicion he means to replace it historical revisionism and american exceptionalism as per GOP standards.

Keep Gitmo open, Gitmo is an affront to any civilized nation's system of justice. No trials, no proof, stories of kids being basically kidnapped and sent there without any hope of getting out. Arbitrary cruel imprisonment of people. Not a fan.

Healthcare more obamacare gloom and doom.

Keep faith in society? No thanks. I think we can do just fine being secular in government.

Protect second amendment and being pro israel are fairly bipartisian stances. People can logically get behind both with lots of backing and support regardless of party.

Standing against Russia is fairly vague. Lead NATO from a position of strength? What does that mean? piss off russia by building more missle sites on its boarder? Bomb them? its so vague. I can understand the importance of being strong but I have no idea what he specifically means here.

I'll leave the economic polices to people who know better but I haven't heard much praise on them so far.

Overall, still wouldnt vote for him ,even if he wasn't a pathological liar in his biography. 
Old Man Yells At Cloud
Americans deserve to know if their candidates for office suffer from severe character flaws.

Casual lying can be a symptom of a much deeper psychological issue, like sociopathy or psychopathy.

I like to share a story about John Edwards from Bob Shrum at Time Magazine:

&gt;Kerry talked with several potential picks, including Gephardt and Edwards. He was comfortable after his conversations with Gephardt, but even queasier about Edwards after they met. Edwards had told Kerry he was going to share a story with him that he'd never told anyone else—that after his son Wade had been killed, he climbed onto the slab at the funeral home, laid there and hugged his body, and promised that he'd do all he could to make life better for people, to live up to Wade's ideals of service. Kerry was stunned, not moved, because, as he told me later, Edwards had recounted the same exact story to him, almost in the exact same words, a year or two before—and with the same preface, that he'd never shared the memory with anyone else. Kerry said he found it chilling, and he decided he couldn't pick Edwards unless he met with him again. When they did, Kerry tried to get a better personal feel for his potential number two; as rivals for national office since 2000, shortly after Edwards had entered the Senate, the two men hadn't spent a lot of time together. Kerry also wanted a specific reassurance. He asked Edwards for a commitment that if he was chosen and the ticket lost, Edwards wouldn't run against him in 2008. Edwards agreed "absolutely," as Kerry recalled him saying. If Kerry had shared this at the time, I would have told him what I did later: it was naive to think he could rely on a promise like that. Unlike Joe Lieberman, who'd been plucked from relative obscurity by Gore, Edwards had made his own mark in the primaries. He was ambitious—and if he saw his chance the next time, he was likely to go for it.
[[link](http://content.time.com/time/printout/0,8816,1626498,00.html)]

Ultimately it was revealed that John Edwards indulged in a lot of questionable behavior, including fathering a child out of wedlock while his wife was dying of cancer and while running for Vice President.
The personal views of an apparently crazy person who rejects objective reality in favor of the superstitions of an apocalyptic death cult are probably something people should be aware of before they hand over control of 1,500 active thermonuclear weapons.  I'm not saying never talk about his crazy policy ideas.    But, even as a misanthrope, The Dead Zone makes a better movie than a game show.
To be clear, Ben Carson's biography is his selling point.  That is why it's newsworthy when it's made up.  
I agree with Bernie in general, but if Carson is really as huge a liar as it seems, that's something I want to know about a candidate. 
Um, I think it's appropriate to focus on outrageously false statements Carson is making about his life.
I have a feeling Bernie doesn't want his past to be opened up.
I can't agree with Bernie on this one.  the fact that Ben Carson may be a pathological liar is very impactful on the American people if he were POTUS.  
  
The guy makes grandiose, or idiotic claims about his past that are debunked, or quickly brought into question by people who should be aware of events, but don't seem to remember them the way Carson does.
While I agree with the thrust of his point, the fact that Ben Carson is crazy/stupid/lying 95 percent of the time is a very pertinent subject in the election. 
Sorry, Bernie, but you're wrong. This is called vetting. This matters.
Love these headlines.

"Bernie Sanders literally POWER BOMBS all reporters; says focus should be on real issues."
If there are more urgent issues than origin of pyramids and military scholarships, I'd like to hear them.
I am with Bernie on this.  I Carson has useful ideas and or bad ideas about governance talk about that.

This is why I'm voting for Bernie Sanders.
I guess now that its been proven Carson didnt lie and the leftwing media did, its time to change the subject.
Electoral mandates are so *boring*. No one wants to watch newscasters drone on about that crap!
Because him being a fucking liar doesn't matter when running to be elected President of the United States? That's not an issue that impacts the American people? Between this and dismissing Hillary's e-mail thing at the first debate, this dude doesn't seem to realize that the President's behavior kinda matters, a lot, not just their stated stances on issues.
I like bernie, and Carson's crazy poicies should be mentioned, but his loose relationship with history, science, reality and truth are also relevant to whether or not I want him as a president
The primary is for the base.
Oh man spending too much time on this really brings on a sense of depression.
this is very true.
The media is owned by people with a vested interest that issues should NEVER be discussed.
I feel like every time I see a Bernie quote it ends in "...the issues affecting the American people"
I disagree. History is a predictor of future performance. It is important to know what he has lied about in the past, whether what he is saying right now is a matter of convenience. 
Since I'm not an American this will hardly matter but I like Bernie Sanders not because of his policy proposals. (Although they certainly don't hurt.) I like him because of his integrity. Hillary Clinton can parrot everything Bernie says. I would still vote Bernie because when that man says it, I know he believes it. 
Surely Carsons lying says a lot about him as a man and how his decision making might be affected by his personal sense of reality. 
Sometimes it seems like Bernie doesn't even want to win. He did Hilary a huge favor in the debates by telling everyone to forget about the email scandal, and now Ben Carson by excusing all the lies and exaggerations in his biography, and questionable stories about his past.

When Bernie says that, the public doesn't hear anything about policy. They only hear the opposition saying the biggest scandal they have been hearing in the news isn't really a big deal. Or at least, *Bernie* doesn't think so. It sounds so weak and defeatist. Even on a psychological level, it does nothing to switch votes. It also associates Bernie's name to something unpleasant that he had nothing to do with, it makes you think he supports something you've been told repeatedly is bad. It's just terrible politics. 

Just let them flame out and THEN take the opportunity to tell them your policies when you are the front runner. You don't need to kick them in the nuts, but don't try dragging them off their funeral pire either. Be like John Snow and give them a quick death. 
I'm uncomfortable bashing individual candidates, but I'm starting to get a hunch that Carson may be a high-functioning schizophrenic who sincerely believes every claim he's ever made. Would this be problematic for a presidential candidate? Absolutely, but by the time I started reading about this stuff he already didn't have my vote about ten times over. 




Clean energy, LGBT rights (or even just not equating homosexuality with bestiality), evolution as a vital part of biology as a vital part of education, not belonging to an overtly warmongering party... All of these issues overshadow the biographical discrepancies IMO.
Meanwhile, just yesterday the Huffington Post's headlining article was a one page summary of Donald Trump's skits on SNL.
I feel like CNBC already tried to do that and he wasn't too happy about it...
while i do think it would be nice if the media focused more on the policies, however i also think it's important to show that people like carson are habitual liars. they dont tell the truth about their own lives so nobody should expect them to tell the truth about any of their policies. it's just pretty basic vetting.

besides look at how the media handles policy questions. they just let the candidate sit there and spout off any lie they choose without ever telling the public the truth. what bernie is asking for here might sound sensible to most everyone, but the way the media would handle a "policies only" style of reporting would be to hand a mic to carson and let him say whatever he wants.
You're electing someone not just because of what they say they'll do, but because of what they will do, how they'll lead, and how they'll act in a crisis. Being a serial liar tells us something important about their character, and character matters for the person we're going to let make the biggest decisions. Consequently, Carson's biography is a completely legitimate issue. 
You do still have to look at a person's past as well as their stance on issues. If literally-Hitler ran for president and had a great stance on issues, would you vote for him?
I see relevance to what Carson did. But we know, we analyzed. Let's move on. 
Yeah I am pretty sure it is our business that person that does not believe in the separation of church and state, established science or history could be the next President.
Sounds like ol Bearnie's got something to hide. 
Bern-Man str8 runnin train on these fools.
I will say this about the whole Carson situation... Everyone embellishes the stories in their lives for what ever seemingly miniscule impression that gives people. I say I got laid this past weekend, when in reality I Netflix and chilled with my good hand Jill. However, Carson's embellishment goes a bit beyond your hyperbolic recount of your life.
 
The things he is lying about do not have anything to do with the American people. They actually have nothing to do with anything really, so the fact that he would lie about such irrelevant things brings in to question his decision making abilities. Every politician lies... but these lies are just... strange. His personality as a kid, no one can recall him acting like that (if someone tried to stab me, or bash my head in with a padlock, or came after me with a hammer, I would remember that shit). More and more of his history keeps vaporizing when light is shone upon it, which makes you question, "who really *IS* this dude?" His life is an amazing story already, why would he toss a bunch of fictious bullshit just to puff it up more? 
 
It brings in to question his character and ability to make sound decisions. Those are key characteristics in which to judge whether or not someone is right to become the President. Just how others in positions of power are held to a higher standard of ethical behavior, the President should be the most accountable. If he lies about who he is as a person and the key events in his life, that influenced him, then one must question who that person truly is.
 
It seems arbitrary and may even seem like a personal assault, but what a person says about them themselves (as a presidential candidate) needs to come under scrutinty. We've had people of relatively amazing backgrounds lie about extremely important things that have cost lives, jobs, money, and many other things. If someone is so easily able to lie about major events in their lives, and then try to push the spotlight on those lies away, what kind of a President will they be?
 
Other candidates may say that stuff doesn't matter, but it does on a certain level because it involves one's character. 
 
Just my 2 cents. 
The Media made a YUUUUUGE mistake.
Except it's not just his biography that's the problem. How in God's name could you seriously trust a human being like this to make a serious decision regarding a national security or national disaster crisis. Everything about him is a lie.
I am a Bernie supporter but it is important that this guy is a pathological liar.
I'm with Bernie on this, though on the fence in the primary.  

(Pro-Bernie folks, hold your fire please.  Trust me, I'll give him a thorough hearing.)
It should be noted however that his autobiography is nearly all made up
When I say it on r/politics it gets downvoted into oblivion when Bernie Sanders says it 5000 upvotes. Nice community you have here guys
I love ya Bernie, but trying to sort out whether a candidate for President is a compulsive liar is an issue impacting the Amerucan people.
It is weird how Bernie is portrayed as being kinda crazy for wanting to talk about the actual issues.

Not this article in particular, but in a lot of cases he has been.

I guess it is just foreign to how our elections usually work.
like many things, bernie is absolutely wrong on this. when someone is saying the pyramids were built to store grain, and has a history of  violent behavior and stabbing, and has been misrepresenting the truth pretty consistently (beyond the amount that falls under the "politicians lie" meme), then it's absolutely a relevant issue.
It's awesome how his "attacks on attacks and attackers" strategy seems to work very well. He gets similar media attention as the attack ads themselves and is sometimes able to speak to the substance of the issue or lack of it while staying above the petty distractions and not getting himself dirty by engaging with the false premises and biased framing. 

In the end he just establishes his campaign more and more as not being party to the artificial and juvenile nature of as hominem politics which makes it a superior campaign. Our culture being what it is, it might still not be enough but he keeps on rewarding my cautious optimism. 
¿Por que no los dos?
Though I admire Bernie's sentiment, in this case I think that Carson's personal issues and his policy issues are linked.  
I don't like Bernie, but I like the fact that he's trying to keep the focus on the issues. There is way too much mud slinging and slander in the media already
Well it's not his policies but the things impacting the people of the US. It doesn't help the American people to talk about Carson's BS.
Ah reddit is so confused by this statement.  Everything they post about Ben Carson for the past few months is about his biography and very little on his policies, so they want to hate this statement.  However, Bernie is the chosen one so they want to agree with everything he says. This is fun.
The fact that a presidential candidate is a liar, a nutcase who believes the pyramids were grain elevators, that the Earth is six thousand years old, and was created using magic are issues impacting the voters. 
What's going on with the difference between Trump stories ( 0 on the front page ) vs Carson stories ( 6 on the front page ) on /r/politics?

Is Trump out of fashion? 
Poor comrade sanders
I'm obviously in agreement with Bernie, but I think it's also politically advantageous for the media to let up on him a bit right now.  Out of all the Republican candidates Ben Carson seems by far the easiest to beat in a general election.  Hell, just let him talk for over 5 minutes and he'll destroy himself.  He's basically a repeat of Sarah Palin!
He's a leader in his field of medicine. He has dedicated his life to saving the lives of children. He's a minority who believes the American left is destroying minority families with welfare. I see why leftists feel they need to attack him.

Edit: where are the cries of "RACISM!" When the leftist media attacks a black man?
It's because our main stream media have become a bunch of un-serious jackasses and are just in it for the smear, any obligation to provide fair, balanced, and objective news to the people be damned.
We're doomed.

A guy amazingly calls out the bullshit that's keeping us from going anywhere, and both sides (even his) start arguing the fallacies of ignoring the complete BULLSHIT.
Can we rename this sub to /r/bernieSanders
I like how all of these threads are about Ben Carson, the least sane and least likely republican to win. Reddit is simply using him as a red herring to justify their radical marxist ideologies. "Look, that's how all republicans think! Vote Bernie so I can sit on my couch eating Ben and Jerry's and watch the View!"
It's like Bernie has completely forgotten or refuses to acknowledge the fact that politicians must be vetted....A person's character is significant, especially if their character is that of a pathological liar that believes the earth is 6,000 years old and that a character out of the Bible was the PRIME MINISTER of Egypt and built the pyramids to store grain and that historians think that the Pyramids were built by aliens....

I think that shit is pretty fucking important when we're talking about a candidate for President of the United States. Bernie, you're cool and all...but this shit matters, and also...maybe you start talking about something other than your 1 big speech you give over....and over...and over....and over....
Has sanders released any specifics about any of his policies above tax the rich a lot and pay for literately everything with that money? Cause if he hasn't what's the media got to cover? 
He's right that the issues are more important. And I don't want him to get into dirty attack ads or anything, but if his opponents WANT to tear themselves apart he should let them. 
Great! Cause, his policies are crazy too.
The media in the US is of the facebook variety. Gossip and tabloid "truths". Whatever grabs headlines promotes the story, not issues and truth. This is the result of having news that plays to distract rather than inform.
Bernie you are correct. His policies are terrible however so... (Ben Carson's policies)
its like propaganda in wwII  we have mouthpieces no more news or objective reporting.... its all bought and paid for.
Sanders has pointed to this issue multiple times already. When a scandal pops up, sanders always takes the righteous rode, saying focus on the politics. What we need to realize is what's important to us. The character of a man, or what his political views and agendas are? 
It's like we're a disobedient puppy and Sanders keeps pointing at us, saying,"No! Bad!"
Bernie layin' the "schmach" down.
This is a naive take.
I mean, he's being a good guy in saying that we should give him a chance... but... Carson's fuckin looney toons.
Because if we have a conversation about Ben Carson's education, then we are going to have to start asking questions about why Barack Obama's college records have been sealed. But that's none of my business. 
Well, it does matter if the guy trying to run the country is a pathological liar.  The lies are starting to mount up.  Yes there is still too much focus on it, but it does deserve mention at the least.
No Bernie, *you* focus on Ben Carson's policies. The media's job isn't to do what you tell them, it's to report.

Sure, the media could spend time questioning Ben Carson's policies, but the fact is that he doesn't really have any, certainly none that are serious to anyone but him. Treating them as serious proposals is basically pointless. It's a waste of time to argue about whether the sky is blue, you go outside and look.

More to the point, I wonder how Sanders would suggest that the media report on Carson's proposed policies? The media's job isn't to editorialize, but that being the case, how do you report on 

Reporting on Ben Carson's history of making up facts and stories whenever it suited him is *directly* applicable to his suitability (or lack thereof) as a presidential candidate, and potentially as president.

**EDIT:** To those downvoting, please describe how you think the media should report on Ben Carson's policies. They're ludicrous in their details. How do you turn that into a serious news report without it coming off as editorializing?

I'm serious? Should they just matter-of-factly report the nonsense he's talking about as though they're not insane?
Making sure a serial liar doesnt become president is very impactful. Sorry, Bernie, this time it does not pay to be the nice guy.
I don't trust this Bernie guy as far as I can throw him. Too clean. 
Its not just republicans that are wary of the refugees. An NBC poll today was about 60% against accepting Syrian refugees. 
Not just US Republicans, polls show that 53-56 percent of Americans don't want the Syrian refugees. I know facts make people uncomfortable, but the country isn't made up of 56 percent Republicans.
It's not just Republicans.
Terrorism is effective when it makes us change our way of life. If we stop accepting the tired, poor, huddled masses the terrorists win.

I don't understand how conservatives can be pro-gun, pro-war tough guys and such big scaredy cat pussies at the same time.
This is a bullshit argument because right-wing politicians in France are providing the same resistance there. You could easily flip the headline and state that Americans are willing to take 10,000 Syrian refugees, while French Republicans would turn them away.
A liberal Administration in France says it will take 30,000 Syrian refugees. A liberal French Administration that is getting destroyed in the polls, just like every other liberal party in Europe.
Refugees are welcome in the US as well. They just has to pass the security screening.
Did anyone else notice there's a giant ocean in between the US and the Syrian refugees? Busing people to surrounding countries makes sense. Shipping them over the Atlantic does not.
How many refugees has Japan taken in? 
Marine Le Pen will now officially be the next president of France. 
Forget the repubs or the dems. A majority of the people don't want them either.
Doing what's right isn't always popular, and doing what's popular isn't always right.
It bothers me that I don’t see any realistic options being offered.

The left is doing itself a disservice by not acknowledging that people are frightened and they want the vetting process to be thorough, the plan in place is a good start, perhaps civics lessons, English language training, and job training should be part of that plan.

The response from the right has been predictable.
Christie’s remark that “not even 5-year-old orphans” show be allowed in the US, or Donald Trump’s that we should shut down all of the mosques in the US doesn’t help, I have yet to see a response from the right that even closely resembled something an adult would say.

I just don’t see any solutions, doing nothing shouldn’t be an option, we don’t have a great history as a nation in responding to these repeated refugee crisis.

We should be able to help these people while addressing the concerns, but I’m lost as to how.

i love how people are all of a sudden sympathetic to the homeless. "what about the homeless?!? derp derp derp". um, what about the homeless? you want to help them? then let's help them too! it's not an either/or thing. they're just using that argument to be fucking nimbys. they didn't give a shit about them yesterday and now they're concerned all of a sudden. 
[deleted]
I'm quite left leaning however even before the attacks I had quite a few reasons for not wanting these refugees in the us. One of those reasons I have not seen brought up much is the money side. We have 12,700 homeless vets as of 2010, 610,042 homeless people in general, 16 million hungry kids(not sure about that one), 5.5% unemployed, while we are thinking about taking in feeding and sheltering tens of thousands of refugees from Syria. Does anyone know where this money was when these Americans needed it? And where these jobs for these refugees are coming from?I understand these people need help but our people need help too and I honestly would like someone to explain it to me for my peace of mind. 
Think ISIS is bad?  Good.  So do I.  So do many, many good people in Syria who actually have to live with ISIS in their backyard.  Decent people who are just as appalled by what happened in France as you and I are.  The refugee process includes thorough background investigations and takes up to 18 months.  Don't buy into the lie that were just hauling people over here to give them free whatever.  

The reality is that if we turn good people away, we're sending these people back to ISIS to die.  I don't support that.  It's easy not to support refugees when you look at how dehumanized they've been characterized on social media as of late.  These are good people, and we can do more.  
I have to say I agree with the Republicans on this one. 
The fact remains that these are people, children, women, husband's, and now some orphans because there family got blown up or killed. There have been absolutely no proof that any refugees preformed any kind of attacks. The question you have to ask your self is what if that was you and you had no were else to turn, what if you were with your kid or loved ones praying for a safe place to be to avoid being killed. 
*Not like the brazen giant of Greek fame,*

*With conquering limbs astride from land to land;*

*Here at our sea-washed, sunset gates shall stand*

*A mighty woman with a torch, whose flame*

*Is the imprisoned lightning, and her name*

*Mother of Exiles. From her beacon-hand*

*Glows world-wide welcome; her mild eyes command*

*The air-bridged harbor that twin cities frame.*



***"Keep, ancient lands, your storied pomp!" cries she***

***With silent lips. "Give me your tired, your poor,***

***Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free,***

***The wretched refuse of your teeming shore.***

***Send these, the homeless, tempest-tost to me,***

***I lift my lamp beside the golden door!"***

http://i.imgur.com/AyHVl16.jpg
It's not just REpublicans, 1/3 of Democrats and a large percentage of Ipdependents feel teh same way.
If it was war the US would be the first to go, but do something humane that will ACTUALLY help those people and NOPE.
Wouldn't it be cheaper for all these countries to make a safe zone for all these refugees in their home country? It seems like it would be easier to defend a small zone for them than to have them shipped allover the globe and being discriminated against.
I feel immigration issues is whats going KILL the democrats this election

social issues and economics are moot, theres a more imminent threat
None of the Paris attackers were refugees. NONE. Why is the US even having this discussion?
Makes me really want to vote Republican
30,000 more is no biggie for France- they'll just shunt them right into the already teeming ghettos with the millions of other Muslims (never any trouble from this bunch) but for America this is a big deal, and we need to really think about whether we want to drink from this cup. Probably doesn't matter anyway what the American people want because Obama REALLY wants them, and many more, and will disregard our feelings about the matter and just "decree" them here anyway.
OMG France and the US have different security values!
It sucks because France is not doing as well economically. Some neighborhoods are already pretty crowded and unemployment rate is high. The U.S. on the other hand is doing relatively well and has plenty of room.
we're back to Freedom Fries 
I think it's fucked up how ONE dude out of like thousands upon thousands upon thousands of people was a bad guy, so therefore now people think all thousands of people should suffer and possibly just die. I know it's not easy to figure out who is who, but as far as I can see there is no choice but to accept migrants and do what we have to do to make sure no one entering is dangerous.

Why? ISIS's stated goal is to "destroy the grayzone" - that is, perpetrate horrific spectacles in the name of Islam to provoke Western powers to be so anti-Muslim that they make life hell for every Muslim in the West, and then those Muslims will believe they are better off migrating to the Middle East and joining up with the the champions of their religion, i.e., ISIS. [Source](https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/hating-muslim-refugees-is-exactly-what-the-islamic-state-wants-europe-to-do/2015/11/15/dfe0ca84-87d1-11e5-be39-0034bb576eee_story.html) Many Muslims already feel that they do not fit in or aren't accepted by Western society, and by doing these awful terrorist acts, ISIS hopes to provoke overreaction by Western powers (which we are very likely to do) and exacerbate the chasm between Muslims and the rest of the West so that Muslims will think that it is worth it to fight for them and live under their regime than it is to live in a modern society. That's already basically what is happening in places like Raqqa - a lot of people don't like ISIS and actually hate them, but they don't have any other better option and so they accept it. 

So, that's why it's imperative that we DO NOT show any cruelty or indifference to these thousands of migrants arriving from war-torn Syria, and not respond to the Paris attacks or any other terrorist attack with Islamophobia. We need to make Muslims feel more welcome, more accepted in Western society's because otherwise we are playing right into what ISIS wants by participating in the narrative that the West is against Muslims, and the cycle of violence will only continue. 
Dislike the title I'm not a republican but I don't think it's a good idea either. It doesn't make sense to take in refugees. Transporting refugees to the USA safely is going to be one hell of a cluster fuck. The US is a horrible country to be stuck in if you don't have money/or formal education we don't have a job market that'd support refugees if they are here for an extend period of time. Knowing how quickly the US government gets things done they may be 5 months away from going home for 20 years. 

The whole situation shouldn't have happened in the first place the UN should have stepped in and established safe zones but now we're trying to displace an entire country of people which doesn't make economic or logistical sense. Syria should never been allowed to get to this point . 
Republicans don't even want to take care of their own people, let alone refugees.  If I were a refugee, the U.S. is the last place I would want to go.
[The Republicans and NH governor Maggie Hassan.](https://www.google.com/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;ie=UTF-8#q=maggie%20hassan)
Do you know why this is?

It's because the French realise that it was radicalised Belgian citizens that were behind these attacks, not Syrian refugees.

Americans seem to think (and have been conditioned by the media) that it's Syrian refugees that are killing everyone, when in fact they are just people trying to escape a worn torn country where they will surely die.
That's the difference between leading a country and posturing 
The short-term ISIS goal is for the West not to accept refugees from areas ISIS control (or feel ISIS could control). Those people are deemed traitors. For trying to leave, they are marked for execution - if they fail to be accepted for asylum, it makes it easier to punish them when they're forced to return, and to keep the remaining populace in line by making an example.

The conservative goal is for the West not to accept refugees from areas ISIS control (or feel ISIS could control).

Not saying y'all are ISIS supporters, but you *are* enthusiastically helping ISIS with their short-term goals.

The medium-term ISIS goal is for and end to Muslim integration in the West - existing Muslims in western countries should feel unwelcome, such that they want to leave. This is a massive recruiting tool, by providing a ready source of disaffected youth who feel that the West hates them and people like them.

The conservative goal is for and end to Muslim integration in the West - existing Muslims in western countries should feel unwelcome, such that they want to leave.

Not saying y'all are ISIS supporters, but you *are* enthusiastically helping ISIS with their medium-term goals.

The long-term ISIS goal is for all-out apocalypse-grade war in the Middle East. They feel they could win this.

The conservative goal is for all-out apocalypse-grade war in the Middle East.

Not saying y'all are ISIS supporters, but you *are* enthusiastically helping ISIS with their long-term goals.
Aliens need to hurry up and invade this planet. Humans need to realize we shouldn't really be killing each other over nothing. 
Well let's just let Germany take all the refugees that exist mainly because of wars the US started... Nice. 
Hey you guys, why don't you house some refugees instead of relying on the government to do it? 
You know, I was just remembering- those two rabid asshole Boston Marathon bombers and their POS grifter mother were brought over here by our incompetent federal government as "refugees" and given a free ride and look what they did, despite being directly warned about big-bro by a foreign government and clear warning signs on social media by said big a-hole. Do all of you "morally superior" types on here give even one second of thought about the ramifications of your demands to "open up and give till it hurts" or do you just spout off together to gain a smug sense of false moral superiority?
Great, US first fucks up the region and then takes no responsibility for the aftermath. Basically what happens. 
"Give me your tired, your poor,
Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free,
The wretched refuse of your teeming shore.
Send these, the homeless, tempest-tost to me,
I lift my lamp beside the golden door!"

Jk
so because france is committing suicide, we should do the same. great idea
What people are failing to understand is that daesh *wants* us to reject refugees. They *want* us to fear Middle Eastern people and Muslims. They *want* to build a thick layer of hatred and distrust between them and the western world, because then these would be refugees that want to get away from the hellhole they're in will have animosity and anger towards us for rejecting them in their time of need and be far more likely to join forces with those that oppose us out of desperation and anger.

Now more than ever we need to help get the innocent victims *out* of the Middle East and let them call a new land home and welcome them with open arms. Yes, we need to take extra precautions to ensure that jihadists aren't bedding down in our countries, but we need to show these people that we do care for their safety and well being as fellow humans. That we don't fear them simply because they're Muslim.
RUN FOR YOUR LIVES!!! WE'RE ALL GONNA DIE!!

Home of the brave pssst!
Even if people weren't scared of possible terrorists I think most Americans wouldn't want to take in a bunch of refugees. We already have a ton of immigrants, both legal and illegal. 

I feel like people who want to live here should all have to go through the same application process and the refugees shouldn't be given any special treatment. They're not the only people coming from shitty backgrounds who are trying to improve their lives. 

That's just my opinion.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but would it not be better to bring them, so then they are in our "system" and supposing some bad apples wanted to plan nefarious doings they could even potentially lead us to other bad guys too? If the couple guys caught in Honduras are any indicator, we've got people's incoming no matter what.
Wow that's a new low for the Washington Post as far as I'm concerned...and everyone else insisting this is a democrats vs republicans thing.  Not even all the democrat politicians in Washington want them.  This isn't a political party vs political party issue...it's a politicians vs the American people issue.  Washington faced less opposition for Obamacare than it does now for this.

The American people do not want them here.  Hell, almost NO ONE wants them.  It's little wonder why.  These people were there when their country was being run into the ground.  Think about the events that happened to cause this exodus from Syria and imagine them happening in your country.  Imagine them happening in the Unite States.  These refugees are not 100% old men, women and children...the weak and infirm...a very large portion of them are healthy men and women who didn't care enough about their country to fight or it.  Why would they care any more for our country?  I honestly believe I could look past all my other objections if it were literally only people who were incapable of defending themselves.

Further, these people refuse to assimilate.  They refuse to integrate.  They go into an area and try to behave as though they're still at home.  Everywhere they go they leave a wake of destruction and disgruntled locals behind them.

So many people go on and on about how we take in so many more refugees every year than we're proposing for Syrian...but we take in people from everywhere.  It's scattered.  We have refugees from south/central America.  Africa.  Asia.  Ten here, twenty there, one in a raft here, some kids over there...not thousands of people from one place hoping to go home some day.  If you can't see the difference in taking in thousands of people from all over the world over the course of a year versus taking in a population of ten thousand from one area all at once...well, then your voice has no weight on the matter.

Ignore the fact that NO ONE wants them.  Ignore the fact that they have left destruction behind them.  Ignore the fact that the social and political culture-shock will make them virtually dead weight anywhere they do go.  It's logistical lunacy.  We are 6,000 miles from these people and it's not like they all rose up one day and said "you know, I'd like to be American."  We need to find a country that is more culturally compatible and send them there.  Fund it.  Send manpower there.  We're going to spend a few billion on it, send it to Turkey (or where ever) and help them there.

I really don't know if that is a solution.  I'm not sure if there is a solution.  It just irks me when I see it presented as a dems vs reps issue when it is most clearly, most certainly, NOT.  And this weighs heavily with me.  Very heavily.  As a Christian I am not just encouraged, but COMMANDED, to take them in.  It is my mission, issued by God, to attempt to feed and home anyone who asks it.  But I'm also American, and the American in me just shakes it's head and nopes the hell out of it.  Bad idea, it says.  And I cherry-pick them...I'm constantly thinking "bring the orphans, bring the elderly and the infirm"...but I don't know how well that would work, either.  I'm sympathetic to the little kids, but not the adults who stood around and allowed their world to be turned to shit.

The one thing I know for certain is that no one's getting out of this with a solid victory...
Hey as long as they bring in some more hot middle eastern [women.](https://forums.digitalpoint.com/proxy/V%2FlNRoM4xGfWM0mhZnim1tzfzIB%2FUC9hcbIwqG5reHWeEWESi%2BVdoUfRrLYQkPBvd3DegUkWR%2FFunJOSpVwhQinK001AYJjq0MKupGm5q52hkWEGjvdvpHzgELokb2LJEp12TAHX7EnxMQ%3D%3D/image.png) I'll be happy.
**Good!** Stupid media thinks this hurts Republican politicians. It doesn't. It actually hurts Democrats. I'm still supporting Sanders, but just like every progressive, his immigrant fetish is retarded.

I just want to basque in the irony of France having a longstanding reputation for being runaway cowards while simultaneously proving they have more courage in one pinky finger than many Americans have in their entire body.
Reasons why Republicans do not want to except the Refugees.
1. Of the thirty thousand that come, a portion of them will have some connection to radical groups. Not all, not the majority, just a small minority will have an allegiance to groups like ISIS, but, It only takes a handful to bring terror like what we've seen throughout the last decade and a half.
2. Just like with the push to cut down on illegal immigration, they don't want to take on another region's problems when they view our country as being in dire economic straights.
3. Prejudice. We can all shake our fists, and say how wrong it is to be prejudiced towards anyone, but its not a black and white issue. There is always a small grain of truth behind why fears, no matter how irrational they seem, exist. Thirty thousand people isn't just tired, poor, huddled masses. The majority may be by our definition, but still, with an amount of people that large needing residence now, many who wish to cause violence and terror are going to slip through the cracks. None of it is black and white, there isn't thirty thousand Jihadists coming our way, and there isnt thirty thousand refugees coming our way looking to land at Ellis Island and write their name in the book. 
  I get that this sub Reddit can lean, largely to the left, so as a moderate who tends to lean a little bit to the right, here's how I personally feel about it. I am an active duty Marine, I own a handful of firearms, and I am patriotic citizen. I am not blind to this country's genesis, and unlike many here, I have seen with my own eyes the Syrian refugee camps in the middle east. It is a shitty, shitty situation. There are families there suffering, and I would love to have a hand giving them a place of peace, of security, and of comfort. They are not a them, they are us. They are men women and children, Just like us, and, just like us, they are a mixed group. There are peaceful God fearing people, there are teachers, farmers, mechanic, and there are fighters. When you take thirty thousand people from Syria, you are taking also the prevalent ideologies and world views of that region as well.  
Reichskanzlerin Merkel wants them. Send them there.
I wonder if Republicans have ever heard this one dude who once said "they that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety." If they had, I'm sure they'd disregard him as the socialist commie atheist terrorist he was.

I keep wondering more every day that passes how the Republicans can still pass off their politics as "patriotic" in any way, shape or form. Pretty much everything they want goes towards fundamentally changing what the country _is_ into some nightmarish 50s bad LSD trip that should never be allowed to exist. If they can't accept what ideals their country was _actually_ founded upon, oppose them vociferously and reject their claim to represent those interests.

As a Swede and an outsider, at this point I really only want one of two things: either Sanders for president in order to show people that liberalism and progress are _good_ words and things to _want_, not be afraid of, or for Trump to become president just so the last few Republicans realize what a fucking monster they've created the last 30 years, and how little control they now have over it.

Although I'd prefer Sanders, I also kind of want Trump to change his mind and take money from super pacs, because combined with his own cash he could steamroll all the other corporate sponsored candidates and show the right just how bad an idea money=free speech really was.
I'm looking for a good analogy, comparing Americans and the world with bimbos in a laboratory. Americans are so segregated from the rest of the world, they do not realise how close minded they are and clueless about cultural awareness. 
Refugees are not causing the terrorism, ISIS wants people to be scared of all Muslims and Refugees so they can use it as a propaganda thing and so many people are falling for it. There are 1.7 billion Muslims a big portion of the world of course almost all of them aren't terrorists, don't fall for the trap of xenophobia.
To give in to terrorism is to aid terrorists.. 
The GOP thinks zygotes are precious life but the victims of terror can go fuck themselves.
So now the French are braver than the Republican Party?

Who would've thought?
America is land of the free, and home of the brave, right?

So why don't we want refugees? Because we're scared they might try to kill us?

France is scared, but they're still accepting people in need of help. That, to me, is bravery.

I don't know what America is doing; it's anything but brave.
I say we take as many as possible! Anyone willing to risk everything to come half way around the world to start a new life is someone who I want to be my neighbor. 

Im actually surprised this got down voted so much. 
Sounds good to me! 
Possibly. All men of fighting age need to be trained and returned to Syria to fight for their country. Why should anyone else do it for them? Or why don't they resettle in Saudi Arabia, UAE, Oman, or Qatar? Since Islam is such a religion of peace, they should be happy to have the Syrians, no? Those countries are nearby and haven't taken any refugees.  
You're damn right we are
We make fun of France for surrendering all the time, but here they are collectively showing more balls than most Americans.
Republicans should also propose tearing down the Statue of Liberty at the rate they're going.
People are too funny, I watch as people don't even make eye contact or verbally answer the homeless on a cold day in Chicago, but then get on the internet and demand we help these refugees.  People are so full of shit.   
I for one would rather have our country utterly destroyed because it continued to stand up for the ideals it was built on, than have it survive through xenophobic paranoia and mass murder. But I guess I'm in the minority on that.
http://a.abcnews.go.com/images/ABC_Univision/gty_drugwarprotest_131010_33x16_1600.jpg

Why not focus on taking in refugees from wars on our own continent first?  Open up our borders more to hardworking people from Mexico if we want to help people.  
Put it to a vote. That is democracy. What more can you do?
GOP says "fear mongering = opportunity!!" 

Republicans have nothing to lose here. If something goes wrong they can point a finger, if not they know that people have short attention spans 
The country of France is going to take in refugees. A couple of states in the U.S. have said that they won't. The U.S. as a country is still taking in refugees.
Honest question, how is taking refugees polling?  I realize the folly of setting policy by opinion poll; however, I wonder if there is actual support for it, or whether it polls more akin to foreign aid, i.e. very badly.
Well, It's easier for them to get to France than the US....

There's one thing that never gets talked about.  If we took them in, who pays for transport? If it isn't us, who is responsible for ensuring safety during the migration?

Transporting 30,000 people across the Atlantic is not a small task.  

If we said we'd accept them however they came over, it becomes a huge ethical issue in whether or not we should be allowing people to face horrendous conditions.

We're halfway across the world, it isn't as simple as this country took this many and we didn't.  For us to take in refugees at this point is a way larger undertaking than anybody makes it out to be.
That's not fair. What do France's conservatives say?
I'm curious about how many Muslim immigrants the US takes in per year. Not refugees, just people voluntarily moving here or even better, just visiting. If we can overlook the "dangers" of those people. Then we should be able to accept refugees with the same vetting process we use to accept other forms of immigration and visits from citizens of these countries. 
Is anyone else loving the fact that we're speaking international and domestic politics in the same sentence? It's amazing how much these countries have come together after these tragedies.
Surprise the candidates who have been screaming about Mexico and our borders in the US, ALSO don't like refugee's 
I'm a Vegan
I'm not trying to be facetious here, but France taking Syrian refugees is probably better than the US taking them anyway right? 

They are geographically much closer, which would make it easier for the refugees to return to their country if and when things settle down there. 

Plus France has a stronger social safety net to support struggling individuals trying to get established.  In America, the deck is kind of stacked against you. 
We wouldn't be turning them away, it's not like they're sitting at the border screaming to come in. Well, actually they did just capture 5 or 6 Syrians in Laredo, Texas.
Because Study: Conservatives have larger “fear center”

http://www.salon.com/2010/12/29/conservative_brains/
and now I will overlay my fb pic with the french flag
Fucking reddit titles.  It's not just the republicans.
This is me every single time I've seen this news today: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F_XaIuw6K6Q

(also applies whenever I see an article about Ben Carson)
The French president also indicated that resettled refugees would undergo rigorous security checks....

I think this is what most Americans want. They want to know that the people we bring in are not a threat. I don't know what vetting process the government uses when determining which refugees get in, but maybe it's a good idea to the American people know what that process is! 
I.

Am.

Shocked.
The Republicans are just looking out for the Syrian refugees best interests. If they came here they would be persecuted and oppressed in this racist hellhole of a country. They would be much better off in the socialist utopias of Sweden or Denmark. At least they would have health care ,RIIIIIIIIGHT?
"That sounds like a good idea."
I think the main issue is the distrust with this administration's vetting process first and foremost.
All Republicans = bad. All refugees = good.

C'mon:  use your heads here. The U.S. is the MOST benevolent country in the world bar non with regard to monetary aid, virtually doubling the next in line (U.K.) 

Do you really have a problem with a "time-out" to discuss vetting (how it will be done, information collection sources, overall vetting strategy), rather than setting the number refugees, and not disclosing to the states that will be taking them their locations?

Is it realistic that we will take none?

Director of the FBI (Obama appointed) says that vetting will be difficult at best. Of course, AG Lynch shot back:

*"Lynch replied by saying interviews and other forms of screening besides checking refugees against a database will be implemented."*

Great. What are they? Don't you want to know?

So...you believe the Gov't when they say "No problem vetting refugees, all will be fine," yet have a problem when Gov't officials use the NSA to collect metadata? Really? 

My guess is, given the demographics of users here on Reddit, most probably ALREADY give much more info about themselves through social media (IG, Facebook, etc.) than could be collected by the NSA. Anyway...

France has already had 1 refugee cause major havoc. 1.


Ah I do love that old statue of liberty poem. "Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free.... Or you know, whatever. Actually never mind."
Posts like these are why I cringe whenever I go onto this sub. I'm beginning to get into politics and joined this sub to try and gain perspective but all I've found is finger pointing and name calling. 

Polls show that 60% of the country doesn't want to accept refugees. 60% of the country isn't Republican. It's blatant dishonesty to make the title of this post what it is. It's shit like this that's making it difficult for me to align with the left. I've always considered myself to be middle left and basically all of my friends are on the left so this is becoming a struggle for me. I slowly feel myself becoming bitter about the Democratic party. I don't want to be a Republican though so I guess I'll either just vote for the party I hate the least or just not participate. It sucks. 
Making sweeping generalizations about a group of people based on predjudice is racism, right? 
Lets be clear. We as a country can not solve the worlds problems by taking in people (Mexico, Cuba anyone...) I'm not saying we shouldn't help them, but just letting them come here doesn't do anything. These people should be trained, equipped and supported to go back and take back their own country. If they are not willing to do that then to bad for them.
Though I do applaud france, and this is the right thing to do.

I hope France can take cues from the United States. Recognize its peoples racisim, and take steps to make sure paths to success are open to these immigrants 10,20, and 40 years from now.

A man who sees a rich person on a hill has two choices
1 - one day i will kill this man, the choice he makes IF there is no path for him
2 - one day I will be this man

These people need to be allowed to become french citizens with french opportunities.
Hyperbolic* my phone doesn't let me edit comments

metabolic lol
Good, that's the exact opposite of what ISIS wants, turning everybody into raging racists and blame it on the refugees. Good on zfrance for not falling for it.
GOP governors want to turn away the ISIS victims, who are the surrender monkeys now? 

And not to be a dick but should we seriously be following France's lead when it comes to protecting ourselves at terrorism? They're clearly incapable of managing their own internal security so we shouldn't follow suit when they do something like this.
Shocking, I had such a high opinion of Republicans prior to this
So I guess we will ignore that 50 Democrats voted in favor of keeping out refugees
Just cuck my shit up
Yes, but France has established Muslim communities, and hearing a Belgian Muslim interviewed yesterday, asked why these people turned the way they did, he replied, 'Racism.' Just wait until they get here. 
Muslim Immigration isn't "illegal" Its legal. Like the 2 million legal immigrants a year that the Administration is bringing in to replace traditional Americans. All legal. Everyone of them has a permission slip to turn the USA into a cesspool So much for illegal vs. legal. It all ends in the same place.


France can have them, we're full.
It'll be freedom fries 2.0
Despite plenty of loud mouth assholes saying we should not allow them in, the US is still accepting Syrian refugees. Just like in France, there are people saying Syrians shouldn't be allowed in, yet France is still allowing them in.

OP, go fuck your self.
Lol none of this shit feels right. Doom is soon.
"And we're not giving back the statue of liberty"
That's because France can't fight for shit, and we *can.*
Germany will just take in the year of 2015 over 800,000 refugees! Just saying...
Cant believe people argue about 30,000 refugees.
That moment when France is more American than America. Get your snooty shit together U.S.
Quit with the anti-republican circle jerk already, it's getting so out of hand I can barely stand Reddit anymore. My Governor in New Hampshire, Maggie Hassan is saying the exact same thing and she's Democrat. It's not just republicans, and quite frankly, until they have a more clear standard with which they vet and screen these "refugees", I don't want them in my state.
The thing that keeps me from wanting to accept more people in our country is we have homeless, elderly, veterans and so on that need help who are citizens of our country and they get no care.   Take care of the ones we have before accepting thousands more who would burden the system even more than it is. 
It likely makes me an uncaring arsehole but I don't want any more in Britian and I wouldn't blame the US for not wanting any either. I'm sorry that isis are dicking them over, that sucks it really does but I don't feel we have the resources to properly help our own people most of the time never mind thousands of another country's.  

Instead we should be putting more effort into getting rid of isis in syria so their country is safer and they can stay in it (i know this costs money too but its a better long term solution, all we are doing is putting a band aid over internal bleeding).
If stragegy gaming ever taught me anything, it is that you should always accept people offering to join you. These people are potential workers, tax payers, consumers &amp; customers. It will pay off in the long run.
many republican voters are conditioned to live in fear.  This is nothing new.  


This is fox rhetoric....every election.
Because Republicans are big babies.
Yep.  Keep up your attacks against the Republicans while ignoring the threat ISIS poses to the free world.
While France will take in refugees, they will severely restrict privacy and freedom of French citizens. Good trade? http://www.counterpunch.org/2015/11/16/paris-attack-will-foster-an-orwellian-police-state/
Gotta love conjecture titles. Quality in this sub is way down
MFW we take that many in like a week in Sweden.

Realize hyperbole wasn't really funny or effective here, but we take that many in about a month.
I can't believe redditors are even debating this. Not a single middle eastern refugee has been a terrorist. The Boston bombers were from Chechnya. Our vetting process has been proven to completely prevent terrorists from the middle east from entering, while helping humans in need. Yet somehow, we'd rather stop that and let these people pit themselves against Isis and Assad?
The problem isn't democrats or republicans, it's ignorance. 
Way to go France!
["I don't want to rule or conquer anyone
I should like to help everyone if possible, Jew, gentile, black man, white
We all want to help one another, human beings are like that
We want to live by each other's happiness, not by each other's misery
We don't want to hate and despise one another
In this world there is room for everyone and the good earth is rich and can provide for everyone
The way of life can be free and beautiful. But we have lost the way
Greed has poisoned men's souls"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5IvPIWzQcUY)
Americans don't want ~~Syrian~~ Islamic refugees.  That's it.  Period.  We don't have to have the it's not this part of Islam... it's that part conversation if there isn't a significant population to begin with.  There is a big gap between tolerance and acceptance and I for one prefer to keep that gap as the Atlantic Ocean.
The way this is written to almost shame people into taking  in refugees  hey can't afford is really bothering me
In the game of cowardice, Republicans do like to trump all comers. Congrats, GOP, you win again!!
Wages are already low enough. No thanks. 
Yes, republicans such as Dianne Feinstein and Chuck Schumer. Try again. 

So the Republicans are a little smarter than the French government. I don't think the French people are so keen on the idea though, but what do they know? Just a bunch of redneck racists, right?
We can house refugees, but not our own homeless citizens. 
Cowards and bigots
Republicans are such cowards.    

1) Demagogue and be xenophobic about everything that easily scares them.  

2) Use violence because of fear.

3) Use final solution for everything except for their county.



Is this the first time we in the USA are succumbing to terrorists?  Are we witnessing history right now?
The GOP can't bear it that France, after the Paris attacks, still proudly says it will take 30,000 Syrian refugees.  They hate this worse than Obama saying we will take from 10,000 to 65,000 Syrians.  

Because France makes the GOP look like the chickenhawks they are.
I guess it's racist and xenophobic to not want to get blown up.
One thing that really confuses me is that most people on Reddit are pretty left-leaning and yet their biggest concern is that we may not bring in enough hardcore conservative religious fundamentalists. 

It's a real head scratcher.
It's absolutely insane bigotry and history will not look kindly on a nation which will drone strike a nation 8,000 times attempting to install a friendly leader, and refusing to take that nations refugees.
Conservatives are conservative. In other news, water is wet. 
Since it's mostly men coming from Syria, and since in the US there are far too many unmarried women having kids.

The solution is that the Syrian men marry an unwed American single mother.

Since unwed mothers already have free housing, it won't cost anything more to house the men, and the boys grow up having a father.
Why do the anti-immigration people think they are entitled to a decent life just because they were born on this side of the imaginary line? We are not talking about housing the entire country of Syria. The democratic European countries are doing the heavy lifting, why can't we house 10,000? Yes, maybe their are a few bad eggs in the batch but I would think that is just a statistical fact whether they are refugees or born in the US of A. At least bring them in from the pouring rain.. 
I don't know if I should laugh or cry with this situation. What do you americans think of what's happening in Europe? The social state is a failure, most of the countries are broke, and those who are not, are struggling to accomodate all the muslims, africans and asians that are rushing there for "safety".
I see everyone praising Sanders (are frankly I don't know enough about the social demographics of the US to debate this) but you guys should seriously think very carefuly on what you want. Left wing policies are destroying Europe, and they can surely destroy you.

Nationality, ideology, religion, and race are irrelevant. Our borders need to be closed until our veterans and homeless are taken care of.
Some Republicans, many of them in positions of authority or leadership in the Congress, are cowards.

They are afraid of closing down Guantanamo and transferring the prisoners there to the US for trial and imprisonment or release. 

Like someone who has been in Gitmo for 12 years is going to break out by melting the concrete walls of the supermax they put him in with his Laser Allah eyes and run around the country farting radioactive ebola gas into all of the cities or something.

Either that or they lack faith in the ability of the US military to safeguard the facilities from external attack. 

Mike Pence, governor of Indiana, was so afraid of a married couple and their five year old son that he banned all refugee resettlements in his state and while on the way to Indiana, the family had to be rerouted to a state than doesn't suck, which was probably better for them in the long run if the years I spent in Washington County Indiana are any guide to the rest of the state.
In essence, Republicans are giving the terrorists what they want; unfounded fear. 
Well it's not like they were native French people... the guy's dad was from Morocco and moved there in 1975, an immigrant.  I'm certain this is the case with probably all of the other attackers as well, so basically, yes there will be more attacks in France if they continue to take in immigrants.
[deleted]
That's because France doesn't want to learn from its mistakes and the US takes a more cautious route
That's why France gets attacked
Our infrastructure is crumbling. We cant take care of our own citizens. Thousands live on the streets. Veterans get little to no assistance. Yet, we are now expected to take care of Syrians. I fear for this country. Our children will inherit a broke, destabilized country.
This just in Republicans are still disgusting. 
The republicans also want to make abortions illegal in Texas. They already outlawed planned parenthood. 
Non-sequitur.
This won't happen, especially after the attacks.
This will cause more attacks. You know, even though the attackers were all French nationals, even though people from Syria are fleeing ISIS, even though most ISIS supporters go *to* Syria from places like France, and even though the most obvious way to stop ISIS attacks would be to stop meddling in the Middle East and stop treating your minorities like 2nd class citizens. But other than that ya this is the cause of all future attacks.
Let's be truthful to a certain point.

The reason countries accept new citizens... is to...?  

What?

The reason is to increase that country's headcount &amp; tax base.

That's it.

"What type of citizens do you allow into your country?"

THAT

is a question which will never be answered.
That is because republicans are pussies. That is why they are always whining about guns and protection. I haven't met one that I actually respected 
France is out freedoming America.
I like how they make this about the GOP even though plenty of Democrats have openly spoken against taking refugees, too.

When you claim something is all partisan and it's obviously not, it just makes you into either a liar, or an ignorant fool.


And f- people like Hillary Clinton who say resistance to refugees is because of Islamaphobia. She knows that's not what it's about, she's deliberately misunderstanding. Why would anyone vote for a "leader" who deliberately misrepresents the genuine and reasonable fears of constituents in favor of calling people who disagree with her "bigots"?
I thought the US was the "Land of the Brave", does not look like it.  
Besides these refugees are every gun-nut's wet dream.  It increases their chances of proving their theory that having gun everywhere makes the place safer.  Republicans should be all for this and say: "Our responsible gun-wielding citizens will make the terrorists think twice about pulling any shenanigans."
Seems to be a case of feels before reals. Don't agree with republicans often but risking your own populations life in order to demonstrate how politically correct you are does not seem to be a great idea. 
This terrorist fear is perplexing me, I am literally 10x's more likely to be killed by a gun nut, right wing, lives-off-the-grid "sovereign citizen" white man in my line of work then the chance of 1 of the 10,000 proposed refugees. Lets not even mention the 100,000 Iraqi refugees we've accepted since 2005 whom we DIRECTLY misplaced with our military operations that aren't blowing shit up everyday. 
I feel for the refugees, I really do. I can't even imagine the hardships they are going through.

With that being said the U.S. has a HUGE homeless problem with a significant percentage being veterans.

Accepting and getting these refugees established while ignoring current U.S. citizens is quite frankly, mind boggling.
Classic liberal post bashing republicans for karma. I don't care about it being a party thing or not, I don't want these people here because of those who could be pretending to be refugees. Once a plane or building goes down and it gets proven that it was a pretend refugee, we will see how enlightened everybody who supports their acceptance feels. 
France is an Arab country now, anyways. The Moors finally won.
How soon we forget that we were all conquerors, immigrants and refugees.
 America is a fucking joke. 
France can take as many as they want. We (America) should take precisely 0. We gain nothing by doing so. If you assume an impressive 99% success rate in screening France is only going to import an additional 300 terrorists.


France better get used to dead bodies. I would have expected them to place more value on their own people, but I guess the life of a Frenchman is worth nothing. 


Fools. 
You can't fix stupid.  When you find yourself in a hole, QUIT DIGGING.
How? How do people think that this is letting ISIS win? This isn't a republican/democrat issue, this is an AMERICAN issue. Why even let people move here who have the potential to increase our terrorist population? While I said "potential", it is almost certain that ISIS has many 'refugees' planted in that 30k already, preparing to wreak havoc on wherever they go.
If the United States withstands a terrorist attack (similar to Paris) after allowing those refugees, I'll bet any amount of money that EVERYONE will be calling for retaliation. Even the people who are saying "Oh, we need to take them in because it's the right thing to do" right now.  When that retaliation happens, we'll kill more innocents, grow more terrorists, and make even more enemies. Now can someone explain to me *how* taking these refugees is the best option for us?  I'm bracing myself for my -50 karma, but really, I'm *sick* of this Reddit opinion of "Why aren't we taking them, it won't increase the chance of terrorism anyway! We have *sooo* many terrorists here anyway compared to the number coming in!"
No, that's a terrible reason to let those refugees in. I don't want to risk my life, just as much as I don't want to risk some person's life across the States from me. 
If France hadn't just done the exact same thing, and ISIS was still on the DL for the most part, I'd probably be saying different things. Allow them to come here legally, give them aid, and help them start a life in America. That's awesome. But now, I'm on the defensive. I saw what just happened across the pond, and there's no going back from that.

TL;DR: 
•This isn't a political party issue, it's about safety. 
•Why increase the odds of death if we can avoid that increase of odds altogether? 
•Downvote me. 

Edit: The links you are replying to me with are speculation. Also, your arguments of "Isis wants you to think that so people wouldn't take refugees" could be reversed. ISIS may want this to happen so you all will accept terrorists into your country because "it's the right thing to do!"
There's a time for ignorant hippie bullshit, and protecting you and your neighbor's well being. The Reddit hive mind can fuck off and go play a game of biscuit with a shrine to Bernie in the middle, and that's my rant on politics. 
[They never leran do they](https://streamable.com/lw02)
Republicans like to have everyone living in fear. Fear Obama! Fear the Terrorist! Fear the Socialist! Fear the Chinese! The Chinese are out to get you, and so are the Socialist. Don't forget about the Russians, the Iranians, Al-qaeda, or ISIL. You must live in fear. Arrggghhhhh! It is crazy. Amazing how scared the Republicans are, and how easily they think the rest of us scare. Some of us don't live in fear all the time.
Everyone who is demonizing the US for denying Syrian refugees should take a Syrian family into their home. If you want them here, do something about it. 

I doubt there would be many takers to this idea. 
It's shameful
I can understand both sides of the argument. Syrian crises is part of the Arab Spring. The U.S. shares a lot of the responsibility for the destabilization of that region. It demonstrates a lack of responsibility and maturity to turn our backs on those who are affected by our influence in the region. A certain change does need to happen in the region though it seems ISIS is more unified than the Syrian people...

The truth is, it is a Syrian problem and they are not strong enough to deal with it. The man, who is (Assad), is no good for the country either. A necessary evil similar to what Sadam was. When we want to attack terrorists in a foreign country and show no regard for that country's people, we make enemies of that entire country. Such a stupid, careless, short-sighted chain of events. Like a child throwing a tantrum.

So either we get the fuck out of Syria and Syrians stand up for themselves, or we invest long term which really we cannot afford to be the world police. Surgical deployments might be a better option?

Is France doing the nobler thing? Sure. Is it wiser? Questionable. How do you screen a terrorist when the good guy and bad guy share similar belief systems and are both citizens of Syria???

The U.S. is erring on the side of caution, but we need to change our foreign policy either back to nonintervention or how we operate. Remote killing (cruise missile, bombing, drones) only ends up with higher civilian casualties. Special Forces surgical operations is the better option. If it isnt worth Risking American lives, it isnt worth fighting in another country. I dont say that lightly. 
GOOD
30000? Cute, that's the number of refugees arriving here *weekly*.
Good.  Let them. 
This is disgusting, using refugees of war as political pawns, makes me sick.
Why should we take them why are we responsible for these people. We have so many issues in the USA and everyone else wants to get pissed at the united states because we won't take refugees but when some other country won't do it  no one says a thing. We don't need to do something about every little thing that happens in the world.
Good for the republicans, focusing on the saftey of its people instead of other nations.
They are elected to serve the American population, not the rest of the worlds.
Its not simply a humanitarian issue, it is an economic one as well.  If the U.S. wasn't 20 trillion dollar in debt then maybe we can debate it.  We can't afford it.  Refugees are expensive. What we can do is protect them in their own country.  Much more cost effective. Also, the fact is muslim cultural is just not very compatible with western society's values. Its a bad idea all any way you look at it. 
[deleted]
Honestly.. i see the us as the biggest target, yet the most unreachable for isis.. this will open the doors for atleast a few terrorist attacks..
The real problem is Assad.  Solve that and the humanitarian crisis goes away.
Refusing to help tens of thousands of innocent people pleading for help because there is some risk involved... I feel like there should be a word for this. 
its not even about terrorism for me, why the fuck would we fly thousands of people to the US when their homes are in the middle east, if they ever want to hope to get back to their homes it doesn't make sense for them to be on this continent
I got $350 saved up for this month's rent
The social class ladder is turning into one with a few rungs at the bottom and a few at the top but nothing in between. 
There seem to be a lot of people here who think this is class warfare against the sad, misunderstood, obscenely wealthy (who I'm sure just work 400X as hard as their employees and deserve every penny they get!)

But that's just not the case.
The warfare has already been committed, and it's been done through bureaucracy, and not by the poor against the wealthy.

I mean sure, fuck the CEO who took a bonus for the savings he generated when cutting off his employee's pension plans, because that guy's a fucking dick,

But the issue isn't "PEOPLE HAVE MORE THAN ME THAT IS NOT FAIR!"

The issue is the people who bought and sold their way up changed the rules to make it harder for anyone else to follow, and ensured there were fewer ways for themselves to be capable of making their way back down, regardless of how badly they managed their finances in the future, how many mistakes they made, how bad they screwed up, they'd never have to face consequences for it.

People's needs deserve to be met. (And yes, that's some entitlement for you - our ancestors fought and died for it so I'm keeping it) When you live in a developed nation, nobody should go hungry, not even idiots who can't figure out basic financial planning.

But corporate welfare is bullshit, and giving yourself a big ole' retirement bonus based on the fact that you've reduced the retirement options for your workforce is a shit move that people should be flipping out over. Not just the people directly affected but their friends and family as well.

But we're too busy protecting the interests of the upper classes, hoping that someday it'll be us up there and our assets will be protected.
Profits go up, wages stay the same, and the money goes into the top 1% of the companies pockets. What do you mean? We earned this money! They should have started their own business like me! 

Oh, society doesn't work when every single person runs their own business, because workers and employers is the fundamental principle of industry? Fuck those losers. Oh someone else actually did make a competing business? Let me pay off politicians and government to run them out of business. I earned it all!

Nothing makes a person 5000x more valuable than another person. 100x more valuable than someone, I can live with that. But how can you honestly think that someone is 5000x more valuable than someone else? They don't even want to be millionaires. They just want to be paid a respectable wage so they can go on vacations and not live to work 52 weeks out of the year. I cannot for a second understand the mindset of life should be absolutely miserable just so you can retire at 66 and go barbecue on the lake twice a year until you die 5 years later. 

This isn't a game, it is life. Entitled? Yes people are entitled to live and have a life, not be a slave so other people can stroke their egos with billions of dollars. Why does life have to be so unbelievably difficult while others have things handed to them because they were born rich. I just don't get it. Humanity isn't a zero sum game. Have some compassion for once in your lives, jesus. 
"After the recession, CEO Jeff Immel froze the pensions and shifted new employees to 401(k)s. His own nest egg shot up from $53 million to more than $82 million. "

Well Jeff Immel is a piece of shit, inne? Nice big bonus for fucking over his employees.

And people think the rich have paid their dues. Hah.


I'll never be able to "retire". One day I'll just say fuck it, leave everything behind that I can't sell and head off to some nice location and do hard drugs till it kills me. 
Is there a study that factors in how the majority of us aren't financially disciplined when talking about economic inequality?  I am not excusing the inequality, I just prefer the clearest picture versus the one I agree with.
Serious question here... 

Can anyone explain to me the mindset behind this sort of greed? I mean, not just this particular situation, but like people that make MILLIONS of dollars per year and have HUNDREDS OF MILLIONS or even BILLIONS, yet they do all they can to avoid paying employees a decent wage, avoid a couple ten thousand in taxes (comparatively that would be like me making a huge stink over a $90 water bill instead of the usual $50) or even go as far as straight up scamming people?

It is absolutely mind boggling to me. If I landed myself a job that earned me even a fraction of that wealth, or started a business that really took off and brought home serious profits or whatever, I would be fucking *ecstatic* about my new wealth. I wouldn't even know what to spend it on. I would be generous, and definitely wouldn't feel the need to rip people off and cheat my way into more wealth and bitch and moan about taxes that I can afford thousands of times over. 

What the fuck are they gonna do at 50-60 years old with $5,000,000,000??? What the fuck would you do with that kind of money in 10 lifetimes? 


Seriously, is there something simple I'm missing, or is this just extraordinary greed?
I've got 19 dollars until pay day, which is tomorrow. PHEW. 
[deleted]
these ultra greedy rich men who hide away their money in tax havens are chronic hoarders.  its like Scrooge McDuck and his humongeous money bin, no one in the entire world needs that much money.. you cant even spend that much money.. and meanwhile a huge portion of the human race cant afford food, shelter or a basic education.  these few individuals are actively keeping a huge portion of the pie away from the rest of us who are fighting over crumbs for survival.  they are the living embodiment of the worst traits in human beings.
I guess we have decided to start laying the foundation for seizing 401(k) accounts.
&gt;The rules now in place create powerful incentives to slash worker retirement benefits as a way of boosting corporate profits and stock prices.

So how do we as a people reverse these rules?

&gt;The retirement divide is not the result of natural law, but rather the rules established that disproportionately reward company executives far more than ordinary workers.

So we can't?
Same old Reddit arguments here. On both sides.

So instead of getting involved with all that, I'm going to ask a genuine question. Not baiting. Just thinking aloud.

Is there some way to push into the economy a set of mid-sized businesses that serve the huge companies, and draw down on the balance of human capital otherwise getting bargained to the bottom?

I guess what I'm asking is, are the any economic theories to "fatten the middle of the ladder"? 

How would such a scheme work? What mechanisms could be used to kick start something like that?

Again, genuine question. Not sure if there's anyone out there who's not just after a good ole' Reddit biffo. 

Anyone?
Serious question because I know nothing:

Why is income inequality bad? Why does how much money a rich guy have harm me?
But ofc taking back a fraction of the money that's been funneled from the people would be STEALING!!! /S
So if I understand this article correctly,  we should confiscate Novak's retirement monies and distribute those monies to the employees. That would be a wonderful bonus for each employee of  $435.75 and zero retirement for Novak and all would be right in the leftist world. God bless us everyone. 

"Executives also benefit from setting aside money in special tax-deferred accounts, while ordinary workers are limited in how much money they can set aside tax-free every year. According to the report, nearly 50 percent of the retirement assets held by Fortune 500 executives are in tax-deferred compensation plans that are not available to most of their employees."

I would have loved to put much more of my earnings onto a Roth and or 401K but who prevented that?  THE GOVERNMENT - both Democrats and Republicans. Now that I'm retired the government now wants their "fair share" of the monies they allowed me to save in those vehicles through their RMD formula. Ain't it great?  Oh,  and for the political left - when you reach the age of 65 you may be pleasantly surprised that your free Medicare may cost you well over $10,000 annually for you and your spouse. Again, ain't it great? 
This is like saying the top 100 NFL players earn X Million dollars, while everyone who ever played high school football only earns a small fraction of that from sports earnings.  

This article is talking about the top 100 people out of 350,000,000 people.  Of *course* those guys are going to make a ton: it's such a small number of the best of the best.  

I just don't need to be incensed over their success.  Hell, the top 100 lottery earners are probably doing great too.

And by the way, the average Chinese citizen earns $13 per day.  That's the average.  Why should *you* earn more?  Is that fair?  Shouldn't his bad fortune entitle him to *your* money?
Yes, let's blame it all on the CEOs, and forget all other personal responsibility.
Really??? By taking away retirement benefits, refusing to give healthcare, and keeping wages stagnant while growth skyrockets, the owners of companies have been able to save up huge fucking nest-eggs for themselves? No way!
Corporations are the single most successful pyramid structures in human existence. Once you go public and can buy out your competitors, you've essentially become a demigod among mere mortals. Why the only thing in your way is government, but you can buy that now too! And always remember kids, if you work hard enough you can be the .000001% too, that's right, 100% of us can be the .000001%, and I'll tell you how if you buy my new book and follow my simple 7 step plan to success!
If you are in your twenties now and you dont retire with atleast a million in retirement savings youre going to struggle. Also youll have work for more years.   
They're top CEOs, what are you expecting?
More than half the country makes 30,000 or less a year. The rich don't realize if things don't change there's going to be a revolution in this country. The price of everything keeps going up, and wages stay the same. You can only squeeze 90 percent of the country so long 
Working until death is the privilege of freedom!
to management, workers only have value for work. The idea that a worker would live after retirement is quaint, hence there's no point wasting money on that.
If you say that anywhere else than on twitter / tumblr / reddit in the US, they burn you because you're a communist right?
there used to be things called pensions. they usually came along with being in a union. If you worked for a company long enough, when you retired you'd get a pension.  
theres no more unions, and theres no more pensions, and theres no more job security.  
what we've replaced it with is CEO bonuses for cutting costs and keeping expenses low.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rsL6mKxtOlQ 


[deleted]
I see posts about this endlessly but is anything actually going to happen about it? It doesn't seem like anything will. 
But the value of the labor you are selling to your employer just isn't that high.  - rich day trader, probably
I had $25 in savings yesterday, but had to move it to checking to pay my internet bill. So now I have $5 in savings. 

Yay me!
But if we could just have MORE big government tax policy changes to concentrate America's wealth at the top, it will trickle down.  We just have to have more blind faith in this economic model.  
/s
Obviously 1/3 of workers need to work harder, stop spending all their money on discretionary things like private islands, yachts, tattoos, and food, and go back to college with a nice $150,000 student loan that they won't have to repay.
We can be very shortsighted as a country when it comes to economic issues like this. It's very similar to the debate over social security. Sure, you can get rid of it if you want, but you're just going to end up having to spend the money later when there are hoards of homeless old people roaming the streets.
So? That's the way it's always going to be, I'm convinced.
  And then look at all the GOP candidates plans to cut taxes, that will affect retirees now and forever.    Consider that they went whole hog recently, most agreeing that minimum wage should be abolished, so lower wages and no safety net.    Never vote for these guys, EVER!
But they worked their asses off for all that money! They totally deserve it! Capitalism! Fuck yeah! AMURICA!!!!!!!!!!
It doesn't matter to me, because, I have disconnected my brain from the wants and desires of ever needing more money than I need to live a satisfying and happy life.  Let them rot with billions in their banks, I have even convinced my wife to declare herself written off from her greedy parents' inheritance, I don't want a fucking dime of it, as they string her along during her times when she could have been helped along more than you'll ever know.

money is evil, it is deeply rooted from within family, and it won't save a life from an Apple CEO.

it is highly satisfying to earn ones keep, an honest way, by working hard, and facing any uphill battle you may have, with some goals in mind.

Fuck the rich that make free money just because they already have money. it makes me want to vomit, i don't care if they have bimbos with huge tits, they repel me too. nothing upstairs, and no heart.

at the hour of my death, I will donate whatever half million I have worth, to a random homeless person and let em burn it if he or she wants to. no bank will see it.
I really believe we will see some Robin hood type shit going  down to restore balance of wealth. If things don't change get drastically with our next president, we will see the people take back what they should have been given. (I. E.  Billions in retirement funds) 
I don't know how much more wrong wrong can be. Not the land of freedom.
Is there a sub reddit for go gettas? Stand up people.  Not people  in the  rat race.

I want to  elevate myself 
This is a result of our monetary policy. Savings is discouraged and debt is encouraged.  That cheep money is irresistible 
Newsflash: rich people have more money than poor people, and RICHER people have MORER.
And people say this is fair. 
This article would be fine and good if there were a fixed amount of wealth in the world but since there isn't the article doesn't make a whole lot of sense.
This is the reason that I am not worried about social security going away. 
this would not be so upsetting if there weren't millions of people working full time and not being able to afford basic necessities. I don't care what a CEO makes, but when someone who works full time needs to rely on government for food and housing: we have a BIG problem. 
Can't help but blame my parents and all previous generations for that matter.

You shouldn't have kids if you're not a millionaire. There's just no way out of poverty unless you become a criminal or win the lottery.
I have two young children who will be in college in 15 years or so, I have no money saved for that or my retirement.  I'm going to be fucked when I'm 65.  I guess I'll just have to keep working until I die.
No man needs to earn thousands, tens of thousands of times more than he needs, while others have nothing. 
This is an important issue. Generational wealth transfer is as much, if not more, of an indicator of economic mobility. The next few decades will be rough.
What's retirement ???
[It's good to be a CEO  ](  http://i1129.photobucket.com/albums/m514/Ecclesiastes114/4fd8ff3a40537c937931c0bb0b3dfda0_zpshybv1ewr.jpg)
Jake Gittes: How much are you worth?

Noah Cross: I have no idea. How much do you want?

Jake Gittes: I just wanna know what you're worth. More than 10 million?

Noah Cross: Oh my, yes!

Jake Gittes: Why are you doing it? How much better can you eat? What could you buy that you can't already afford?

Noah Cross: The future, Mr. Gittes! The future.
My retirement plan is cheap as hell. Suicide.
I just got a new job as a health insurance agent. I'm busting my ass but now that I'm working in a fortune 500 company I hope to have a little nest egg saved up. So far I'm 30k in debt and have $0.62 in my bank account.

Shit. Even though I'm in corporate now I'm still on the rough side of things, lol.
So.... We should revolt and take back what has been stolen from generations of poor people. ?
Personally I'm worried our CEOs don't have enough in the pension kitty.

- Will all of them be able to afford a boat?

- Will they be spared the ignominy of having to fly economy?

- Are their golf club memberships taken care of throughout old age?

- Do they have enough opportunities to go shopping for the best medical care anywhere in the world when the need arises?

- Do any of them live in areas where they are not even allowed to water their lawn and is there anything we can do for them by redirecting an aquifer?

- Does the state or federal level provide for their after-career stock trading needs by removing all brokerage fees and applicable taxes? After all, these people no longer have a career to support themselves.

These are just a few concerns I have, off the top of my head. I don't want our CEOs suffer in their brittle age.
Lets subsidize all people who make the wrong choices in life!
This really doesn't say anything other than people don't prioritize retirement savings. None of my friends are putting 15% of their income away right after college for retirement like I am.  They are too busy buying everything in sight or adding more debt onto their school debt. Head over to /r/personalfinance and you'll see this all over the place. It's their choice not save, so I don't see how that's the "rich peoples" fault.
I went to work for GE right as Jack Welch was retiring. His retirement package was obscene. These people should be ashamed of themselves for what they have done to this country. Unfortunately, sociopaths don't feel shame.
Here's the deal, we can't just take money from them. That's theft. Also, we can't tax them higher. Everything shows that the higher the tax, the more time they will take to not pay them. Put all their money in something, or somewhere. Hell, look at Warren Buffet. That MF only paid 17% income tax essentially, while we are all paying well over 40% at middle income. What we need to do is close the loop holes, keep companies and people like Goldman Sachs from making money out of thin air, and a sprinkling of social programs. Make sure all the stupid rules and regulations they came up with to ensure they stay up there, and we stay down here is nixed. 

Next, I don't understand how you don't have a savings. I don't make a lot of money. Under 60k a year. Yet I own a house, car, multiple televisions, xbox one, ps4, high-end pc, wii... what I'm trying to say is I have all the stuff you'd expect for me to live well and happy. I don't save every penny, and I don't worry about money. I have over 40k in my bank, with much more in investments. I have a family as well, and we don't owe debt. I'm in my mid-20s.

The people I know who have trouble with money are all self inflicted. You make 50k a year, before taxes. No, you do not get to buy a new Audi right now. Or take out that loan for that 2 story, 5 bedroom house just for yourself. I see it all the time, then they blame rich people. Not like super rich either, I'm talking just people who make over 100k a year. It's sad.


We know. Thanks for nothing. Try getting them to give away that money. 
we're all gonna squat in their empty yacht, and we won't get caught.
We need to raise retirement and savings awareness for that 1/3 of workers
So tax deferred retirement is the same as tax free money? Worst yet, tax payer subsidized money? 

Am I living in crazy world here? Serious question. 
Hey, Conservatives keep rolling back voting rights at the same time they extend gun rights. Maybe at some pint this will all just take care of itself!
It's stupid to blame billionaires and CEOs when the economy simply doesn't have space for more high paying jobs. Low paying service jobs? Sure. But we are all getting more efficient and robots are coming anyways.
While it's important not to ignore the socioeconomic gap, people can't put all the blame on "Top CEO's taking all the money". What we have in America is a budgeting and personal finance crisis. Regardless of income people spend on frivolous things and have no planned budget. Albeit any saving for the bottom 10% will be tough, but not impossible. I currently save 50% of my income on 29k take home a year. I buy the bear essentials, live below my means, and throw all excess money in 401K/Index Funds. People need to start taking responsibility regardless of personal wealth.  
How is this a story? Yes, people with lots of money have lots of money and people without lots of money do not.
what is the point of us spending nearly 1 TRILLION dollars per year on social security if people are going to turn around and say 1/3 of workers have nothing saved up for retirement..?
Imagine how many elections they'll get buy and play with in their retirement. Some even for family, wouldn't that just be swell...
Time to get out the guillotine and then confiscate these cunts assets.
When will we revolt? 
Give us their names so we can murder them on their first day of retirement.
But the wages are just too high!! /s
God bless Murika
And if a Republican sees this, they just 'No, there is no wage gap.  Those people up top are earning it.  The people below just need to work harder."

Yeah, harder.  Harder than the 45+ hrs most people work a week trying to make any bit of extra cash they can to pay bills
That's just not fair! Just because they are more educated on the value of money and know to expand their wealth doesn't mean they can keep it all for themselves!

But seriously, we poor because of what the color green means to us. Oh those 1/3 workers is people who have no legacy built nor built one for their kids. And it's only going to get worse. No one is caring about themselves after 65 or their kids etc. Just what can they do now. And partly that's because they seem themselves as embarrassed millionaires. And who can blame them. They idol people with money and watch how they live their lives. So they are influence on spending. Spending out of their means. Not saving. Leaving paycheck to paycheck to fill the void of their considering habits. Because no one wants be humble. No one grew out of their childish mentality. Just want want want. While the old people lived in an era of building a legacy for their children. And now we are not. Our generation and the generations after us are screwed. It would take a force of educating and controlling people's value and idolization of money and luxory to end this "inequality". 
Tl;Dr: He has money to spend! I should also. Where do I sign up for this credit card I can't make payments on but surely will need it to get what I want damnit! I am an American its my money and I want it now! 
Welcome to a world where law and public policy actively work to punish saving.  Low interest rates on savings accounts thanks to Fed QE and tax law that triple dips on income earned on savings both disincentivize savings.  It should come as no surprise that many people have no substantial personal savings.
one person's savings = another person's debts.  
average folk can't repay their debts if these rich fukers don't spend their money back into the economy.  
Bernie Sanders plans to confiscate 401k and IRA so that the evil of retirement money inequity is gone 
So let me get this straight.  Because the majority of people don't save for retirement, the people who do are at fault?  Seems legit.
This story makes a great headline, but I'm sorry but I'm not buying it. I'm a banker, and every day I help customers and I see every single purchase and financial transaction they make. It blows me away how people choose to live a lifestyle they can't afford when they could settle for slightly less and be far better off. 

Instead of buying a brand new vehicle, buy a slightly used or certified car. BMW makes a nice car and you will look wealthy driving it, but you'll pay $350/mo or more to finance it, not including all the expensive repairs. 

Stop fucking eating out every day for lunch. $10/day x 5 days/week x 52 weeks/year = $2600 on lunch. Bring a lunch. Now add going out to dinner a few times a month for the whole family and there's a few hundred bucks a month more.

Lots of people have nice boats, trailers, snowmobiles and brand new trucks to pull them, but don't save a dime. 

Add in a bunch of miscellaneous bullshit that people waste money on every day, and I understand why people have a savings problem. The fact that a *handful* of CEO's get paid way too much doesn't affect your ability to make wise spending decisions and disciplining yourself to save.
So basically people not saving up on money and spending within their means, now should take other peoples money?
The main reason that nobody has money saved up is because nobody chooses to save money. 
I don't get it. Do you guys not have compulsory superannuation?
[deleted]
Tl;dr: Rich people have more money than poor people. Brought to you by /r/politics
That's fine.  I'm ~~scamming~~ *doing what the law enables me to do* on the poverty end, too.  Let's destroy this thing together, rich people!!
The take away here is that extremes, on either end of the economic scale, are bad for society. And the good of society is important. That's where the individuals live.
Rich people are rich, news at 11
This is precisely how my generation got pinched (b 1973). I'm a white collar manager with post graduate degree and have made $85k-$135k/year most of those years. I have $0 in savings and not for a lavish lifestyle (although I admit it's on us that a divorce with kids wiped us out). 

I can't imagine how it is for those who make less, struggle more and who must resent so much more the 40+ hour weeks they give of their lives for the sake of such greed. 
Not a problem. We all have guns so we just shoot these guys and spread their $4.9 billion around to those workers who have nothing. CEOs become collateral damage. But the nation ends up stronger as a result.

Sure it's an old school solution, but taking it off the table is how we got here in the first place. 

Maybe the rulers Should fear the people they rule once again? 

(Dear NSA &amp; crazy internet people, I'm not seriously advocating violence. It's just a comment on a post on a website only a minority of people ever visit.) 
Hard to save for retirement when half my income goes to one tax or another.
This is not just CEOs...it's anyone with a high income. Everyone from CEOs to lawyers and movie stars. They defer income they make now by putting it in retirement accounts that can be set up to accept more than the amount you can put in a 401k. They will withdraw that money at a later date, and pay taxes on it, but at a presumed lower rate than the rate they would pay now. 

You don't have to be in the 1% to do it...my parents own a small business and defer most of their income at this point. They do not need all of the money they are making now but they are in their 60s and know they will need it in a few years. 
So it is bad that they worked hard, saved their money, and got ahead?
Its only a matter of time before we get a mass uprising of old poor pissed off people. They can hide in there gold tower all they want. Eventually they are going to need us for something. That is when they either share there resources or they will be taken.
Extra! Extra!  Rich people have money, poor people don't!!  Read all about it!!

These articles come out every day and nobody does a thing about it.  
The greed really is breathtaking 
Darn plutocracy with their corporate shills in government. Taking all the money from the system, gerrymandering all the savings accounts. 

*need some karma. Thanks guys. 
The worst is that government took all the money out of social security.to spend on social crap. Nothing but I owe u paper left in place. 
Whatever happened to individual accountability? 
I'm in class but this article is increadibly disingenuous
Breaking news, rich people save money and other people don't.
These CEO's went to college and in most cases earned advanced degrees. They then put in the time and worked themselves up the "corporate" ladder. And because of this they make a great living and have a great retirement waiting for them. Maybe instead of bitching about it, we have more people shot to achieve this level of success.
[deleted]
I earn a grad student's salary, but I still manage to save money every month for retirement.

It's not the amount that matters, it's the behavior. Plenty of poor people are very thrifty when it comes to retirement planning, and plenty of rich people have no plan in place. And no amount of class warfare will erase that simple fact.
So...1 nice house on the mountains, one nice house in a jungle area, one nice house in a nice ass city and a big yacht. You have pretty much every ground covered and you can cover the rest on your yacht for fucks sake.  Save a few mill for the kids so they don't end up worthless rich heroin addicts.....  Give the other few billions to charit

The thing is if you warn people that they spend too much and should save some money for the future, you'll be told that saving money isn't good for economy. It's just incredibly stupid.
Don't forget to vote Bernie. Hillary is funded by these CEO. 
If everyone was artificially paid a higher wage than the market demanded, there would be no incentive for workers to better their situation. This stifles innovation and the economy. The American Dream is not having shit handed to you, it's saying "I don't want to earn this low wage anymore so I'm going to do something about it."
Clearly, 1/3 of workers are irresponsible with their money.
Ben &amp; Jerry's supports Sanders.

Sanders wants legalized marijuana.

Totally baked ice cream flavor confirmed.
It's a shame that Obama so deeply poisoned the well of "grass roots leftist champion of the downtrodden", because here I think it's true. A lot of peoples' reaction to this headline is going to be "hmm I seem to remember hearing this back in 2008". I do not agree with Sanders on a lot of issues and I probably would not vote for him in the general, but he clearly means what he says (he's been saying it for decades) and I think I'd like him as a person.
"People understand there's something fundamentally different about Bernie. He is not your average politician."

Let's be honest, the exact same thing can be said about Trump or Carson.
As a Sanders supporter, this doesn't belong here.
I would just like to point out that if this was a video of the CEO of baskin robbins displaying his love of jeb bush, it would probably be at 0.

edit: or more than likely mods would have removed it
Thank you for your opinions, ice cream makers.
Bernie could whip out his old floppy dick and 1000's of users from reddit will form a line to suck it. 
"Tonight kids, we are going to start some practice drills. We need you to drink this kool aid as quickly as you can and lie down on the floor... No, no we don't have time for questions."
Oh look its is 2008 again. I new democratic candidate that is a different kind of politician
I love Bernie and 100% support him but this is basically fluff.

The only thing we could take from this is that yes there are millionaires/rich people who support Bernie as well, sort of akin to ﻿ Tony Pomerleau who's also from Vermont.
This is the top story in r/Politics?  Seriously? 

I wish there was another r/Politics that wasn't so cluttered with Sanders spam. There is a lot going on in the world of politics beyond the Sanders campaign and even beyond the latest crazy thing said by Trump. 
The ice cream trucks support Sanders! Oh my god, it's such an amazing thing. Let's post about every single person who supports him
Two people who made ice cream supports Sanders.

This -is- -not- important.
Just 6 more months of this circle jerk.
What does this have to do with politics? If they supported Chris Christie, it would be taken off by the mods instantly. 
Holy fucking shit. The Mods on this sub need to do some cleaning up. Shitposts like these do not belong on a politics sub.
I love Bernie, but this whole thing is really starting to get a Ron Paul 2012 feel to it. 
So r/politics is just r/sandersforpresident2 now right? 
In a twisted sad sort of way it's going to be entertaining to watch liberal Bernie supports go through what conservative Ron Paul supporters went through.
You could say the exact same thing about Trump...
Does it bother anyone else that people call him "Bernie"? Like he's their uncle or something. I just find it creepy honestly. We don't call Ted Cruz "Ted" and we don't call Barack Obama "Barack".

It's very prolific here and I think a purposeful or semi-purposeful political strategy on part of Bernie Sanders supporters.
r/Politics:

* Trump sucks
* Trump said this stupid thing
* We &lt;3 Bernie
* We &lt;3 Bernie
* We &lt;3 Bernie
* We &lt;3 Bernie
* We &lt;3 Bernie
* We &lt;3 Bernie
* We &lt;3 Bernie
* Trump sucks 
Am I the only one who finds it amusing how people are making the exact same claims about Sanders that were made about Obama in 07/08?
I would sooner vote for Ben and Jerry than for Bernie Sanders. I do not like socialism, nor do I like fascism.  Both are anti democracy.  A serial killer can be very consistent, that doesn't make him good. Sanders policies sound very good and appealing. The problem is, who's going to pay for it? Our government is deeply in debt and cannot afford to pay for the programs we already have. What programs is he going to cancel to free up the money he will need?
Don't idolize a politician. They, more than most other people, will eventually let you down.
Actually this is just ridiculous.
The Italians said the same about Mussolini.
http://i.imgur.com/2Spz3xI.gif
Bernie won't get elected without many thousands voting whom have never voted before.  He also won't be able to get through his programs without all of us who want to see a more equitable America staying in activist mode to influence the play-to-play politicians that run Congress.
Can somebody please get a hold of Ja Rule to help me make sense of all this?
Bernie Sanders.

BERNIE SANDERS.

*BERNIE SANDERS.*

**BERNIE SANDERS.**

**BERNIE FUCKING SANDERS.**

***BERNIE FUCKING SANDERS.***

***BERNIE MOTHERFUCKING SANDERS.***

***BERNIE GODDAMN MOTHERFUCKING HOLY SHIT WHAT THE FUCK SANDERS.***
Jesus man. I like Bernie but this is just ridiculous. This isn't political news. This is just a " look at this recognizable name that supports bernie" post. It's not about his campaign, his actions, or his events. This post is not politics. 
Sanders has fought for the American people every day of his life. He's definitely the best candidate but if he loses we need to support Hillary to keep the republican nutjobs out of the Whitehouse.
Oh thank god.

I was honestly wondering what celebrity would endorse Bernie next.

I was still on the fence after Ronda and Carrot Top threw their weight behind him, but two ice cream dudes from his home state? Now I know he's for real.
Meh 
Thanks for your own opinions and come to your comment.
showing support for bernie sanders.

so brave.
Wait shit, what's Bernie's stance on nuclear power? Because the founders (presumably Ben and Jerry) have been vocally opposed to it for decades 
TIL Bernie Sanders does not make fried chicken
If only Ron Paul had these many mindless idiots talking about him. 
These chuckleheads are idiots. Stopped buying their product after they started backing people like Anita Sarkeesian. 
Yep, he's the only one who shows no shame in economic illiteracy. 
What a surprise. 
Wait what the fuck? Since when are videos allowed on /r/politics.  I have been pushing for them to allow videos and they always reply they wouldn't allow it, but because it's a Bernie Sanders video, they are allowing it?
Vermont's finest~
Then again, both Trump and Ben Carson aren't your average politicians as well. Actually this is probably one of the reasons why so many republicans are willing to vote for them. 
Sorry folks, I like the old man too but he won't even get the nomination. It's good he got his message out there though. I wonder what realistic role he could serve (other than senator)  where his voice could stay in the public discourse.
The thing is...Bernie could very well be a genuine guy but his solutions are awful and unsustainable. Identifying the problems are easy...finding sustainable solutions that will allow real prosperity to emerge is a different story (but not really if you understand economics).
Bernie Sanders popularity is no different than Donald Trumps, they both indicate a log awaited awareness among voters on both sides of the isle that our political system is badly broken and corrupt, high jacked by special interest and cash fat lobbyist totting wheel barrels full of corporate donor money aimed at enslaving law makers and leaders into a dungeon of self serving power tripping electives who have no choice but to deliver on bribed obligations.

While the left attacks it's own potential front runner the Right has vowed to destroy their own while completely ignoring the fist pounding screams from their base who are demanding a time out.

 
yeah...he is a socialist.
I can't wait till Bernie drops out and endorses Hillary so the river of sheltered college kid tears will flow for a day or two before they go back to smoking pot and burying themselves in debt. They've never cared about politics. Supporting Bernie is just a hip thing to do right now, see: the Pussy Crushing episode of South Park.
I'm looking forward to a Bernie themed flavor
Ron Paul was a far better candidate than this communist. 
ROBIN HOOD FOR PRESIDENT!!!!!!!!

He is exactly what this food stamp nation needs!
In a twisted sad sort of akin to  Tony Pomerleau who's also from Vermont.
Totally baked ice cream supports Sanders.
It would be excellent for a myriad of reasons, I could vote for an independent candidate, or just vote for a republican.. so if you don't mind my asking, which fictional character would make the hard decisions that the American people every day of his life.
Well, your average politician isn't a proud traitor of American values.
I wish Pelosi and Reid absolutely failed as leaders of the republicans win.
Ben &amp; Jerry like Bernie?  Great!  But I wish they'd go back to the company they founded and pay attention to the ice cream that bears their name.  Heath Bar Crunch tasted a whole lot better than what their company is selling now as Toffee Bar Crunch.  And yes, I am aware of http://www.benjerry.com/flavors/coffee-toffee-bar-crunch-ice-cream  On the same note, Cherry Garcia used to be a truly superior ice cream when (if my memory serves) it was made with real dark chocolate rather than the "fudge flakes" that go in it now.
These guys have said previously that they wouldn't be opposed to using marijuana in their ice cream. Not to mention their product is a munchies favorite. Bernie could make them millions.
TIL Ben sounds like Nick Offerman
With politicians, it's not so much about what they *say*, but what they *do*. Talk is cheap after all. Kennedy was murdered for what he did, but no one is going to get Obama.
Ben and Jerry sold their company to Unilever for ~$325 million.  Unilever's 2014 profit was ~$6.4 billion.
Obama, might at heart be an idealist, but for the opposition instead of selling themselves ideologically to the best of my limited knowledge.
Bernie Sanders has the nomination sewn up between the Killer Mike endorsement and now Ben &amp; Jerry's.
Im not buy Ben &amp; Jerry's products over again! 
Meeseeks spotted at 1:46.
Corporatist endorses puppet. 
Love it.
[deleted]
I don't know much about him but he seems more like a regular guy than a politician.
how.  he is a career politician and old white male.  how is he not an average politician.

I find Sanders to be an extremely typical politician
 No kidding he isn't the average politician. He surrendered his campaign to two members of a racist, black supremacy hate group quicker then Obama surrendered to ISIL. Where my free money at? Give me my neighbors shit!
But... what about ja rule?
Well, I'm glad we finally have his input.
Neither was Mussolini
I think if Bernie got elected, he would also react very rationally.
I've abandoned all hope, however I will vote for Bernie Sanders. That means only Bernie Sanders. No "better of the two evils" stuff this time. 
He isn't? Then why did he defend Hillary for her crimes and didn't speak out against her getting rich off politics and being funded by banks during the debates?
I don't know why it irks me that Bernie Sanders, who is Jewish, gets support from 2 other well known Jewish figures. I always find it kind of lame when a fellow person -be it black, hispanic, religion, etc - support their own kind. It's only coming out for your own kind. Women shouldn't vote for Hillary just because she's a woman, but they will. Blah
Ben &amp; Jerry should change their packaging to Bern &amp; Jerry as their contribution to raising awareness. Put his campaign promises on their products. Now that would be awesome.
Not being an American, I'm hoping my upvotes do something to help get this man elected.
The Democrats are way too conservative for me but at least inspire people to match on Washington and go get it.
They know all about quality.
Shutup capitalists its your fault that Bernie's relatively moderate (compared to mid 20th century) positions are now today considered radical and outlandish, even for democrats.
Spread the bern
Its weird for a guy from the Netherlands to hear how 'groundbreakingly different' people find Bernie. I follow American politics closely and I like him a lot, but around here, his position on certain things is 'normal'

No matter how different the country is from ours, the fact that they haven't changed to a more societal focused form of government and policy making baffles me. This is what makes outsiders think America is behind in numerous facets of life, excluding military of course, its 'murica'. 
What does Ja Rule think though?
[deleted]
Bernie is a man of the people!
Correct. The average politician does not self-identify with gulags, killing fields, concentration camps, and failed economies.
&gt;Hillary Rodham Clinton wants voters to know she is no friend of Wall Street.

[Let Elizabeth Warren tell you why that's bullshit.](https://vimeo.com/145278971)
Hillary responded with "nine- eleven."
Since 2001? 

Why am I supposed to be impressed by obvious number inflating?

Hillary's '08 campaign went through [$229.4](https://www.opensecrets.org/pres08/summary.php?cid=N00000019) and her campaign this year at [just shy of $100 mil](http://www.opensecrets.org/pres16/candidate.php?id=N00000019) so will easily meet that and probably beat the 745 million Obama '08 raised. 

How low a percentage are we supposed to care about again?
Is this like today's article of the day or something? I swear I've seen a variation of this posted 10+ times today.

That dude posting that Elizabeth Warren video in response/follow up has had a busy day lol
&gt;Her backers in the financial industry say they have little expectation her family's personal profits will influence her policymaking, noting their own opposition to her plan to raise taxes on hedge fund and private equity gains known as carried interest.

&gt;The Clinton campaign also points to her record, saying it shows a history of working to regulate the industry. Negative ads run by a group called Future 45, a super PAC backed by six-figure checks from hedge fund managers, demonstrate that Wall Street expects her to follow through, aides said.

&gt;While Clinton doesn't rule out breaking up the big banks, she argues that restoring Glass-Steagall wouldn't go far enough to curb risk. Instead, she would impose a graduated fee on large financial firms that would increase as companies hold greater amounts of debt, to discourage excessive risk.

&gt;A separate tax would be levied on high-frequency trading, and she has vowed tougher criminal penalties for individuals who break the rules. She would also raise taxes on the wealthy, including closing the so-called carried interest loophole that allows some Wall Street profits to be taxed at a lower rate.

&gt;"I go after not just the banks," Clinton told Democrats in North Charleston, South Carolina, on Saturday. "I go after the hedge funds, big insurance companies, shadow banking."


&gt;Her proposals also don't do much to win some who feel the better choice for the industry will be found among the GOP's candidates.

&gt;Donors working in the finance and insurance industry have given $22 million to Texas Sen. Ted Cruz and $21 million to former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush and their affiliated super PACs — roughly three times as much as to Clinton and the outside group supporting her, according to Crowdpac.com, a nonpartisan political research company.

Oh

Maybe Reddit just doesn't have many people working on Wall Street, but there's a sizeable number of Dems who work for banks and hedge funds who support regulation and regularly donate to liberals and liberal causes. It's not Hillary's fault that they all choose to donate to her.
May I ask a question? All these articles that come out that Secretary Clinton being a friend to Wall Street, yet is there evidence in her voting history in the Senate that shows that the money has rendered any rewards? If that is true, then that is a story. If it isn't, than well, this is just political bullshit meant to divide the Democratic party.
Sadly in this environment it's almost impossible to become President or even elected to congress without taking donations from wall street or even other businesses you might not like, such as oil companies. In his entire life of politics I'm sure Bernie has taken money from people that he regrets taking it from.  The enemy isn't Hillary.  It's the system.  It's Citizens United.  
35Million  over 14 years doesn't seem like a lot - don't SuperPacs regularly get 100 Million for one (presidential) election season? Hillary is in her second of those and had a couple senate races..
A Lannister always repays their debts.
I know plenty of people who have accounts at banks for checking, savings, etc that talk smack about banks. 

Also know folks who pay taxes and say the government sucks ass but still cash their social security checks and cheer on the military, etc.

You can benefit from something while wanting something reformed. It's not that hard to do.
Let's put this number in context. The Koch Brothers plan on raising and spending $750 million dollars on the 2016 election. If I've got my figures correct, the amount the Clinton have collected over the last 15 years from Wall Street is **less than 5%** of what the Koch's are spending on the 2016 election. The money in politics is beyond obscene and almost incomprehensible. 
Tax the rich. Especially the rich by wall st.
&gt;Donors working in the finance and insurance industry have given $22 million to Texas Sen. Ted Cruz and $21 million to former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush and their affiliated super PACs — *roughly three times as much as to Clinton* and the outside group supporting her, according to Crowdpac.com, a nonpartisan political research company.
&gt;
&gt;"People on Wall Street view her with a level of caution that they didn't view President Clinton with," said Anthony Scaramucci, a major Republican donor and founder of SkyBridge Capital, which paid Clinton $175,000 to address its annual investment conference in 2010. "It's this progressive nonsense."

The financial industry is backing the Republicans 3 to 1 over Clinton, and those are recent outright campaign donations to the Republicans not speakers fees to 2 people over 15 years.
I am not a friend of Wall Street, but I have investments that have made money. Is this wrong?
A senator from New York has the support of one of the state's largest industries?  Shocking...
Let's be very clear, here, since people seem not to be reading the article and assuming (incorrectly) this figure reflects campaign contributions / donations from Wall Street to Hillary Clinton as a political candidate.

**It does not.**

Clinton was last elected to the Senate in 2006, before the sort of unlimited super PAC contributions that now exist were legal (Citizens United was decided in 2008). She did not run again in 2010, having been appointed to the position of Secretary of State by Barack Obama in 2009.

There's no question that campaign contributions came from people who work on Wall Street, because Clinton was the Senator from New York. But the amounts would have been heavily controlled by previous legislation that was largely undermined by Citizens United.

This money is not campaign contributions, it's speaking fees.
Im pretty sure Wall Street and other powers give money to all sides in case one wins.  They effectively cover all their bets.
Hillary Clinton, BAAAAAAAAD.

Bernie Sanders, GOOOOOOOOD.

My brainwashing is coming along nicely! Thank you, reddit!
That's all money from when she was running for Senate in 00 and 06 and from now plus whatever bill has earned. Driving this wall street point into the ground god damn
The banks play both sides in elections in hopes to gain sway with whichever candidate wins. However, [a look at the actual numbers](http://www.opensecrets.org/races/contrib.php?cycle=2000&amp;id=NYS1&amp;spec=N) reveals a different story. They gave both to Clinton and to her opponent, Lazio... but they gave *far more* to Lazio.

Goldman Sachs: $178,300 to Lazio, $89,920 to Clinton

Citigroup: $132,140 to Lazio, $105,650 to Clinton

Morgan Stanley: $138,450 to Lazio, below threshold for Clinton

Bear Stearns: $112,800 to Lazio, $39,400 for Clinton

JPMorgan Chase: $107,600 for Lazio, $53,750 for Clinton

Given that Citigroup was Clinton's biggest single donor in that election, and given how much more Lazio got from all of the banks, one might wonder how Clinton could even compete, and the answer is that she got [a massive amount of individual donations from across the country](http://articles.philly.com/2000-06-15/news/25600837_1_republican-rick-lazio-clinton-and-giuliani-senate-race). Lazio did too, but not anywhere near as much.

So while the banks donated to her campaign, they donated more to her opponent, and in the end, her biggest asset was a nationwide grassroots movement.

That was 15 years ago, though, and today, she has a lot more time and experience under her belt, including experience representing those same banks who donated more to her opponent than they did to her. If they're among her top donors now, it must be because she did something right during all those years.

And as for this insinuation that she's being too pally with the banks, an [analysis of her bank reform plan](http://www.vox.com/2015/10/8/9482521/hillary-clinton-financial-reform) indicates that quite the contrary is true.
She has many friends, as you would expect.

I hope at least some folks consider that these people are supporting her because they think that she and her policies would be the better ones. Like you and I would. Not because they expect something in return. Any more than we would. They, and we, would likely be right about both. 

Consider, the fact that she has such broad support and has for so long, makes it easier for her to say no to any group. She doesn't *need* any of them. If anyone is immune to undue influence it would be someone in her position. 
It's hilarious how hard the anti-Wall Street circlejerk on reddit is, given we probably all have 401K's and other retirement funds and probably benefit massively from having something resembling a working financial system.

Which is not to say that we shouldn't regulate Wall Street, but the idea that the financial industry is *implicitly evil* seems to be a gross oversimplification.
Two reasons Hillary Rotten Clinton is loved by Wall Street... 1.  Bill Clinton did away with the glass-steagal  act effectively handing over the United States treasury to international bankers. 2. Made it impossible to discharge college loans in a bankruptcy ... screwing over every college student who has a worthless degree...


Photographic evidence....   http://www.armstrongeconomics.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/Glass-Steagall-Signing-Repeal.jpg
Relevant: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=12mJ-U76nfg 

TL;DW Pre-Senator Hillary Clinton learns about shitty bill. Uses position to get husband to defeat it. Post-Senator tons of money coming in "for nothing in return" Hillary suddenly supports and votes for shitty bill. 
So, it's a crime to invest and make money now? 
Yawn. Get used to saying Madam President. 

Bernie Sander's is failing with moderates/minorities, can't win the nomination if you can't unite the Democratic base behind you. His only shot is if he somehow wins BOTH Iowa and New Hampshire at this point. Otherwise he's toast. 

To be fair though, I'd be happy with either Hillary or Bernie (As they're the most experienced of the lot that are likely to get the nomination on either side). I just don't see him winning the nomination. Since again he's doing terribly with moderates/minorities. 

Mostly I'm not sure Bernie can win the nomination, or win over America because we aren't a progressive nation. As shown here: http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2014/07/09/the-politics-of-american-generations-how-age-affects-attitudes-and-voting-behavior/

Sure, we're heading in that direction maybe but overall if you're 45 and over, you're going to vote Republican no matter what because you don't trust the government. So if you don't trust the government, how is universal healthcare/and other programs that Bernie is pushing every possible? Then there is the reality that even if Bernie somehow gets into office. He'll have to contend with a Republican House (likely going to stay that way until 2022), and with a majority of the states under Republican control. So eh, if gridlock its going to be for the next four years. I don't care which Dem wins, just as long as we get someone in and stop the GOP from having control of the whole machine. 

Meanwhile on the GOP side of things. You have Trump, Carson, Cruz, and Rubio. Those are the four most likely to get the nomination, and of those Rubio is the probable nomination at this point. 

Anyway, in summary: Get used to saying Madam President. 




(This story submitted by a Bernie Sanders supporter)
That's a heart-warming story and I'm sure there are rare exceptions like the plot to a credit union.
I will sometimes try to change things about my friends too, especially when they're doing something wrong or damaging. I don't know why people think this is impossible for Hillary.
Question: Why do people critical of Clinton use her full name so often? She's usually known as Hillary Clinton, but critics always use the RODHAM, like it's making her look bad, or something. I get it when Barack HUSSEIN Obama opposers constantly use his middle name because "OBAMA MUSLIM NOT EVEN BORN HERE!" But what's up with Rodham?
If your ennemy offers you money, you take it, despite him being your ennemy.
Are they different than literally putting money in politics is beyond obscene and almost incomprehensible.
The Dutch insurer Achmea (the same company that forced Slovakia to drop their affordable healthcare plans by using their participation in a 1990s trade deal)  paid Bill Clinton $600,000 for a short speech. Was it while the case was pending? There were two cases actually, involving Achmea, their predecessor Eureko. and the Slovak Republic. Their documents are both on italaw.com .
Democrats seem to want their candidate to play by all the rules and then the imaginary ones they make for themselves, while the other side is busy thwarting all rules in order to win. 
Bill Clinton enacted some policies that were extremely beneficial to corporations - I don't know if its Hillary's fault that some have been expressing their gratitude since then.
Among those that donate of course.
Given that she raised hundreds of millions for the 2008 election alone, that's really not that much. Was expecting more. 
newsflash; obama was well funded by wall street too

and get a load of the s&amp;p since he took office
ITT: So many fucking people who didn't read the article, or if they did, didn't understand it.

THIS IS INCOME, NOT CAMPAIGN CONTRIBUTIONS.

It's speaking fees. Are we now going to decide that a candidate is dirty for having accepted payment for giving a speech, or that he or she is beholden to those interests because of it?

Fine, Hillary Clinton also gave speeches to universities. So apparently she's also in bed with higher education, [the United Fresh Produce Association, the International Deli-Dairy-Bakery Association, the Biotechnology Industry Organization, Cisco, Salesforce.com, Massachusetts Conference for Women, Ebay, and the American Camping Association.](https://www.washingtonpost.com/r/2010-2019/WashingtonPost/2015/05/16/Investigative/Images/Clinton%20disclosure%205.15.15.pdf)

This is a smear, plain and simple. Good job doing the GOP's job for them.
wealth inequality is highest in democrat states because of the politically connected.
Clinton's checkered history with wall street ought to be looked at. People need to vet her record, and see if they are comfortable with it.

http://www.ontheissues.org/2016/Hillary_Clinton_Corporations.htm
http://www.ontheissues.org/2016/Hillary_Clinton_Budget_+_Economy.htm 
If anything this is the reason I don't like Hillary. Not because of Benghazi or because she's a "cold hearted bitch" I just feel like she's telling us what we want to hear. I'd still take her over any of the GOP candidates but this is why my vote is with Sanders. I just don't buy her act.
This just in - politician accepts money from group who expects to benefit from said politician's election into office.  Is this a new thing?
Killary for Prison 2016
&gt;&gt;**"She had to maximize her earning potential."**

In a nutshell, Hillary's 'public service' record. 
She already gave an answer for this....something something 9/11
"I'm not gay, he sucked my dick."
There's a reason why Wall Street lobbied congress to the tune of 5 billion dollars to deregulate during the Clinton administration and why Hillary has received huge donations over the years.  It's because they expect a return on investment.  It's so obvious.  
i'm not sure its fair to lump bill in with her.  headline would be better if it just mentioned how much she has made and maybe compare that to other politicians
She's bought and paid for, a centrist Republican at best (which I do consider best, as the GOP candidates are all insane tea partiers, religious nutjobs, or Donald Trump).

Obama ran as hope for the left, and governed from the center (IMO following the precedent set by Hillary's husband). Hillary will be right of Obama.

Nothing about Wall Street will change with her in the White House. And oh, hey, does it feel to anyone like we're at the start of a housing boom?
This is why I'm voting for Bernie Sanders
One doesn't get elected into any national office at all without being in bed with Wall Street.  Unless one is Elizabeth Warren. They HAD to let her win. But they were not happy about it. 

Shhhh!
Wall Street is a friend of Hillary's and she's a friend of wall streets because of 9/11 or whatever... She said something about that at a debate the other day. 
The Clintons are friends to no one.  But they are happy to take people's money in exchange for political influence and favors.
Why the "Rodham" all the time? No-one gives a fuck what your middle name is.
can Bernie just drop out the race so we no longer have to put up with this 'Wall Street is the reason my life is so bad' shit?
Listen, I'm not a big fan of HC.  I'm especially pissed about the influence of money in our political process.  That being said.. Is $35m over a fifteen year period really that big of a number?  What does the defense industry 'contribute'?  Or oil?  Pharmaceuticals?  Barely 2m/year doesn't seem like a heavy influence to me... Maybe I've just seen and heard so much of this that I've become numb...
Every defense of Hillary's deed being held by Wallstreet is met with some claim that she spoke out against Wallstreet in the run up to the financial crisis.  Does anyone know of an example of this occurring on record anywhere?  I would like to see what it is they are citing when she told them to "cut it out."  Or is the claim the same as Trump claiming to have seen people cheering on 9/11?  Just a big, fat, lie.
Not this again. Cue the sexist redditors who believe she is an "insider" even though she would be the FIRST female president. 
I wonder if she knows about the internet. 
Make no mistake about it, bith parties are in bed with all the huge corporations and each other. They are just pretending to argue to cover up the fact that trade deals increasingly make it impossible for them to DO anything, forever. 
Hillary is a resident of NY and she represented Wall St. 
She helped the bankers get back on their feet after 9/11 and she was responsible for helping heal the wounds from a devastating terrorist attack. She collected money because it is needed to get her message across in the media. It is unfortunate so much is needed, but that's how it is now a days. /s
It will be somewhat humorous to see the reaction of the DNC and other Dems when Hillary loses the general election. Everyone else will say, "I told you so." She's not electable. I'm not saying Trump is, either, but people hate him *less* to be perfectly frank.
But $17m of her $140m in campaign donations come from small donors!

Surely she'll fight for those giving her 12% of her funds...right? RIGHT? :D
Liars, cheats and thieves. She is a bought and paid for whore of every special interest group on the PLANET. Just like Barry Obama - you get what you pay for and in both cases it's very little except self-serving narcissists who seek nothing but to further their personal agendas and increase their personal wealth.
911!
To be fair that's only 2.5 million per year. For a politician that's pretty good. I'd imagine Jeb Bush has a lot more money from Wall Street. 
Both the Democrats and Republicans are a friend to money. They spend most of their time soliciting money from anybody they can. They constantly create new ideas for squeezing more money out of everybody. If you don't like it, don't vote for the Democrats or Republicans.
So, what is she saying?

"Vote for me. I'm a crappy friend."

Kind of hard to get behind that message.
I just drove all the way from NYC to Albany and it gladdened my heart to see that someone made banners for every street and walking overpass of the highway that ba
Whoa now...thought the Clintons were broke?
So they are more like "close acquaintances with benefits"?
If "Wall Street" we're a single monolithic entity, 100% evil, and Hillary were receiving all of its backing I could understand people being upset. (Imagine if a candidate received the support of EVERY racist organization in the country or every humanitarian aid organization, or every used auto dealer, or every medical device manufacturer, etc.)

But every industry has their factions with a diversity of values and opinions. With the importance of financial services to the Economy I'd be more concerned if she were receiving NONE of the industries support. 

What you should really be looking at is who specifically is supporting the candidate, why, and does the candidate acknowledge and accept that support. 

Edit: thumbs 
Yes of course
Shocking news alert: former politicians, especially ex-presidents
and first ladies, are frequently asked to give speeches. They charge money for to do so.

Companies can afford it. Some of those companies are part of the financial services industry.
Look if that bitch is telling you: "I took millions from these people but I'm not loyal or beholden to them. "

Then what on earth would convince you to think that she'd be loyal or beholden to you in exchange for a mere 'vote'.

The real message is: Hillary looks out for Hillary.

#Clinton for Prison 2016!!!!!
We already know who purchased Mrs. Clinton's loyalty.
Clinton: Don't worry wallstreet is only my side chick. You know baby you guys are my main chick.
It's obvious she's a liar. Who the fuck wants another president like Nixon?
You tell them to "Cut it out!"
Ugh Hillary is such a liar!!!
And Bernie the coward refuses to call her out on it. Instead he defends her for her crimes.
how many times must you be dropped on your head as a child in order to actually vote for the she-beast?



Shillery cunton is a greedy bitch who loves the taste of Wallstreet dick. She will say anything to get stupid poor people to vote for her. 
They are more fuckbuddies than friends. 
Hillary wants voters to know whatever she thinks will get her the most amount of votes. I can't say I really believe anything she says. To be fair though, that is pretty standard for politicians.
There is no doubt the Senator from Goldman Sachs is bought and paid for by the financial services industry, and it is silly to think we will see any reform of that industry from her, except reform that helps line the financial services top management pockets.
Her middle name is rod ham?
"Sanders would defeat all GOP candidates in state that hasn't voted for GOP candidate in over 20 years"
* This survey is almost two weeks old

* It only covers Wisconsin

* Its odd that Clinton beats Sanders in the same poll by nine points.
General election usually aren't very accurate this far out from Election Day. 

http://fivethirtyeight.com/features/a-year-out-ignore-general-election-polls/
"Sanders would have a six point* victory over Ben Carson**"

*margin of error 6.1-6.6 percentage points

**poll demographics are 47% Democrat 41% Republican 

Come on now...
Serious question:  I asked three F 24 y/o college educated Wisconsin friends what they thought about Bernie Sanders and they told me they didn't know who he was. I live in Mexico and get most of my info from Reddit, but this made me ask myself. Is Bernie Sanders not that well supported or famous in the US? 
Meanwhile a poll of the superdelegates says that there's no way he'll make it to the general election.

http://www.npr.org/2015/11/13/455812702/clinton-has-45-to-1-superdelegate-advantage-over-sanders
Can we stop upvoting these types of surveys. For one, that is if the election was held today. Believe it or not Candidate's favorability change a lot with familiarity. Maybe he'll do better, maybe worse. But to say "He would beat them all in the election!" is so idiotic when we have a year until the election
So a non-scientific survey states that sanders would win one state that democrats are known for winning. Also, clinton beats sanders in the same poll. 

This has absolutely zero relevance
I really do not understand how these "surveys" are taken so seriously, it is very early in the candidacy still.
In other news... Surveys don't mean a damn thing if you take them in a college parking lot, or a church parking lot.
ITT counting chickens before they hatch.
I'd like to thank r/politics for coming out and embarrassing itself as usual in front of everyone 
r/Politics Bernie Sanders circle jerk in

* 3...
* 2...
* 1...

Liftoff!
I like Bernie Sanders, but... /r/politics is over the top. Unsubscribed. 
General election polls mean nothing before the primaries 
Yeah, but can the Bolshevik defeat the space alien lizard creature dressed in a bad man suit currently calling itself Donald Trump? As shown on TV, Trump soars high about petty party labels. Trump isn't even a Republican, as shown on TV. Meanwhile, Bernie "B.S." Sanders is too old, too white, too weird, too moist. There is scant reason for him to exist in a world as it is with the climate changing suddenly and everything else spinning out of control. Besides, in this race the brilliantly disguised exoteric mutant candidate has the better hair. In the end that is all that carries the water. 
Nice! He should consider running for President of Wisconsin!
Speaking for all GOP voters, please have Sanders be the democratic nominee. It would be like a gift from God. 
I'm starting to see a lot of straw man arguments coming from Sanders supporters about Clinton supporters' use of polls. I think it needs clarifying:

Clinton supporters (or most of them, at least) are not throwing out the relevancy of *this* poll just "because." It's because [head-to-head polls, whether state by state or nationwide, this far out from the general election are pretty much worthless](http://fivethirtyeight.com/features/a-year-out-ignore-general-election-polls/). It's just foolish to look at these polls as solid predictors without any clue of what the national discourse will be like in summer/fall of 2016. I mean, look at how the recent Paris attacks suddenly shifted the focus to foreign policy in the primary debates for both parties, a topic that tends to benefit some candidates, like Clinton, more than others.

State by state primary/caucus polls, on the other hand, when we're just a few months away from February are probably far more reliable. That's why it's not ludicrous, coming into December now, to pretty much see Sanders' campaign as a lost endeavor at this point because it would take a miracle of historic proportions to change the numbers between now and February. It's just not happening.

Also, who cares about a state head-to-head poll *in Wisconsin?* Let me know when you've got polls in places like Virginia, Florida, Ohio, Indiana, etc. You know, swing states that matter? ^*edit* grammar.
The only polls that matter right now are the primary polls. All this speculation about the general election is pointless. It doesn't mean anything.
I wish there was a Politics sub/sub where all of these meaningless survey/polls articles could be housed.  
Might clean the place up a bit.
I think there are several species of ape that could defeat the current GOP candidates. The ones that aren't completely insane aren't at all popular. 
And Wisconsin was going to recall Scott Walker too. 
The only survey that matters is if Sanders will get the nomination.
If only we had more government.
A prime example of the Sanders circlejerk going full tilt when the actual poll results are very, very troubling for Sanders. 

Not only did the small sample size (less than 400 for each party) create a **massive margin of error (6pts)** that could have Clinton beating all Republicans by over 10pts (a highly likely scenario) and also confirmed her lead over Sanders, but when it came to issues of actually doing the job of president the **respondents preferred Clinton 3 to 1 over Sanders.** Very troubling for both Sanders &amp; the Republicans, she is seen as being much more tough and decisive when it comes to foreign policy (personally, I think the Benghazi Hearings will go down as one of the **most strategically moronic things a party has ever done,** having the complete opposite effect on Clinton than what was intended).

The key issue was breaking from party in order to compromise &amp; get things done - this poll confirming that it is yet another thing the Democratic base will hold against Sanders when the primaries roll around in less than 3 months now. Sanders is seen as being much like his hardcore supporters on reddit: **unwilling to compromise in order to achieve some goals.** Many in the base remember how that all or nothing attitude hurt the party in the past before Bill Clinton came along to show there was a path to victory and accomplishment going for the middle. 
And yet Wisconsin continues to elect GOP candidates within its borders. What the fuck is wrong with this picture?
Uh huh, and how's he look for the primaries? Kinda need to win that first.
Every single day a popular media outlet that millions of people use to get information seems to be promoting a single candidate while demonizing all other presidential candidates, I wish  ~~Fox News~~ Reddit would stop this practice.
Folks, Sanders would be destroyed in the general. He is only attractive to the under-25 voting group. 
I hate to blow everybody's wet dream, but I am just not hearing anything about Sanders except on Reddit.
That's great and all, but it doesn't seem like he can beat Hillary. So its moot.
This is like watching the Ron Paul Relovution all over again, and it's hilarious.
It's Wisconsin... Duh
There have been many polls through out the year that show Sanders beating most GOP candidates and Clinton beating them as well. I think it's more about how weak and split the GOP is right now than about sanders.
In Wisconsin.

I don't see how this is useful? FFS it's not even 2016 yet.
There is a new poll like this every other day. I've seen this about Hillary as well. 
~80% of the country hasn't made up its mind yet. There's no way to know if anyone would defeat anyone with any certainty until basically a month before the general election.
Same survey that said governor Walker would lose first election, recall and then second election.
... In Wisconsin. 
Would Hillary also?
Wisconsin =/= The United States, and the election is not being held tomorrow. Disregard. 
Sure, but he still has to beat Clinton to get there, and, well...
"The full sample includes 803 registered voters interviewed by cell phone or landline, with a margin of error of +/-4.2 percentage points. "

I hate polls.
Lol /r/politics, are you even trying anymore? 
Let's just not have an election then. Because polls. 
This is like saying that donald trump would defeat every democratic candidate in Alabama. No fucking shit.
ITT Hillary bashing *sigh*
Too bad he can't beat Hillary for the nomination...
I literally can't wait till the day Sanders is crushed by Clinton. I don't even like Clinton either
it's fucking Wisconsin.
Obligatory FiveThirtyEight response:

http://fivethirtyeight.com/features/a-year-out-ignore-general-election-polls/
If Sanders wins the nomination (highly unlikely). Prepare for a President GOP. 
You fuckin dopes need to stop smoking the pot.  Your brains have turned to shit if you believe this.  LOL
Don't matter, he won't even win the Primary.
Yeah, no. He would not do well in Red States at all. In fact if there's one thing the GOP is mobilizing against in force, its Sanders' candidacy. Luckily we won't ever have to see this as Hillary is the shoe-in for the nomination. But, this is ridiculous and naive to say the least. The GOP Hates (with a capital H) Socialists and anyone who campaigns on a Socialist platform.
And Clinton has all the endorsements for democratic primaries 
Lol! Dream on, kids. 
I love the guy, but I really can't wait until the nomination is over so we can stop posting about polls months out every single day, doubly so for ones which are for solidly democratic states.  

It's not a surprise that the democratic candidate would beat any GOP candidate in that state.  I'd be just as annoyed if someone did a "Ted Cruz beats all democratic candidates in Alabama" link
From the state that gave Feingold the boot? Fuck you Wisconsin. We deserve Walker.
Can I filter anything with "Bernie sanders" in the title out of Reddit. Don't get me wrong I'm a democrat, but I'm tired of seeing this shit. 
Maybe get past Clinton first, which doesn't look too likely...
WE GET IT, YOU LIKE BERRY SANDERS
National polls showing Clinton is trouncing Sanders? Irrelevant! The primaries and caucuses are months away and anything can happen.

Polls in one state showing Sanders beating Republicans almost a full year before the general election? "See, he's electable."
Might be true, but sadly he won't beat Hillary. 
Not true. He can't stump the Trump.
ITT people who don't under Wisconsin politics or voting demographics 
Was there a bad bus accident with ALL the republican candidates?
If you think one person can make a difference...you are all fools.
*knock, knock*

Excuse me reddit, do you have a moment to talk about our Lord and Savior, [Bernie Sanders?](http://www.jw.org/en/jehovahs-witnesses/faq/)

BWAHAHAHAHAHA yeah, sure he is. 
I'm voting for sanders, but these posts are so ridiculous. Wisconsin's been a blue state for decades, this survey shows nothing.
Bernie is a good man.  He really cares about people.  He fails to capture the people who value freedom.  He offers the freedom to be comfortable.  I think that's what most people want nowadays.  I don't know what to think.  I value small government and as little regulation as possible.  Ron Paul cornered that market.  To be honest I am rambling.  My guess is as for long as I am alive their will be the revolutionary candidates like Paul and sanders.  They will grab the people with real convictions but a real change candidate will never win.  I am ready for change but the rest of America doesn't care.
Wisconsin - AKA the state dumb enough to vote for Scott Walker then not vote to recall him when they had the chance.  Plus, what good is a hypothetical matchup against the GOP when he can't even beat his Democratic opponents?

Sorry, berners - despite the pro-Bernie circlejerk, he isn't winning shit, and skewing the polls isn't going to change that.  
Too bad, he won't get get the DNC nomination!
lets get some upbernies guys real nice post 
Yet
&gt; In the Democratic race, Hillary Clinton leads with the support of 50 percent of Democratic registered voters, followed by Bernie Sanders with 41 percent and Martin O’Malley at 2 percent.
I didn't even have to read the poll data; the article itself debunks this title.it says the only Wisconsin voters were surveyed. That's not at all a representative sample, nor does it consider the electoral college. 
Yea except with group of clowns the GOP has out there, you could put pikachu on the ballot and he would win.

I choose you!
/r/politics is a partisan joke. 
This is mainly an indication that any Democrat would beat any Republican.  It's not so much an endorsement of Bernie as it is an indication of the structural advantage Democrats have over Republicans in the Presidential race.
Except that he will never get the nomination anyways, so it doesn't matter.
Someone convince me to vote for Bernie Sanders. Because right now my understanding of him is "Look at all these problems with our government, we can solve them with more government!"
Bernie 's comment "To hell with the fossil fuel industry." shows his thinking.  Does he us a car or bus or plane or train for travel?  When he flips a light switch, how does he think the light comes on, magic.  How anybody could vote for this idiot is beyond me.
my cat could beat all the republican candidates too

In today's episode of moving goal posts...
i think a chicken McNugget could defeat all the current crop of GOP candidates, to be honest.
[deleted]
LOL. Sanders can't win. Americans will never give up their private property and contract rights.
that's not saying much since every republican candidate is a fucking retard 
We already know that, Hillary is the main hurdle.
Well too bad he cannot defeat the Dem candidate then. 

Seriously, unless he stops ranting and raving about "jail ceos, make wall street cos pay for everyone's education" (both of which are stupid statements), and focuses on Clinton and all the things that make her a bad candidate and not the right Dem solution, he doesn't stand a chance. 
No he wouldn't.
Yes, go ahead, please nominate Bernie!
Man, that survey must've been on my univerist campus, or Madison's because there's no inconceivable way that would actually happen.
The Republicans have already kicked out their chosen boy (Jeb!) for divisive, fascist and relatively lowest common denominator trash within their primaries.

Whoever is the Democratic nominee will just walk into the White House.
Nice try but the media won't talk up the bern until he ponies up more ad buys 
All the more reason to stroke my throbbing Burnie boner.
You guys are pathetic..
This should come as no surprise to anyone. The GOP is in a downward spiral brain drain situation, where reasonable people are fleeing the party, candidates and voters alike. Any Democrat will beat any Republican. That said, Bernie is a very strong candidate given how in touch he is with so many hot issues in America today: healthcare, the environment, inequality, energy, etc. And his position on gun control is a winner too, because he is able to understand both sides and reach our to both sides in the issue. 
CAN WE PLEASE JUST ELECT HIM PRESIDENT NOW? 
The fact that all of you redittors wont get off his fucking dick makes me not want to vote for him
Cool, a 70+ year old leader. Thats just what we need to exude strength and power.
And he will generate a higher voter turn-out.  Electable indeed.  
I think my dog Would Defeat All GOP Candidates in General Election
And Hillary loses to all but Trump, who Bernie beats by a lot more. He has a 5 point advantage over her against any Republican.
Well, yeah. If he was against all of them they'd split the republican vote.
I've got no problems with renewable, and I think we should use as much as we can,  but it'll be a long time before they can replace what we get from fossil fuels.
It's official then, Sanders will be president!

Fuck all of these surveys and polls...
Wisconsin? Who gives a shit? They don't have their primary until after most of the other states are already finished. 
Studies and posts like this only hurt the chances of it happening. They make the fringe democrat voters say "we got this, I don't need to vote" and mobilize GOP voters 
http://imgur.com/XhiNlwC

Well they certainly found the right audience for this article....
The more you know.
THis article doesn't say anything that hasn't already been said.
LOL Sure
Probably true. Too bad he won't win the Democratic nomination.
ya but dinosanders won't even win the democratic nomination. the she-beast pulls those strings. looks like extinction is coming soon for ol' dinosanders. 
I'd vote for a dog over Trump. At least it would be adorable and unlikely to cause Russia to nuke us.
Even outside details of this survey, I think it's a bit of a non-statistic. I thought it's pretty obvious that any democrat that goes to the general will pretty easily stomp over anyone the republicans have to offer this cycle. I mean, they essentially don't have a single candidate that isn't plainly retarded. 
I would hope a bag of potatoes would defeat all GOP candidates 

it would certainly be better for the country and world. 
I bet if we did a Moon Survey, the same results would happen. All lies! 
The DNC wants another Clinton. So it has been said, so it has been done. Sorry Bernie.
Not a single primary vote has been cast yet and, according to the polls, Bernie can't even beat Clinton. 

And, Bernie still has to overcome this speed bump.

[Hillary Clinton Seizes The Upper Hand Before Voting Starts With Super Delegate Pledges](http://www.politicususa.com/2015/08/29/hillary-clinton-moves-lock-nomination-voting-starts-super-delegate-pledges.html)

&gt;... senior campaign officials announced that Clinton had already received pledges of support from at least 440 of the party’s estimated 713 super delegates. That total includes 130 superdelegates who have publicly endorsed Clinton, as well as an additional 310 who have made private commitments to support Hillary.
Well, yeah. They'd divide the vote ten different ways. 
So last week there was a poll that the top Republicans would beat Hillary. Now, there's a poll saying that Bernie would beat the GOP candidates. So why isn't Bernie beating Hillary?

To be fair, given the party's current offerings, who couldn't beat all the Republican candidates?
/r/politics is cherry picking so blatantly it's funny.
I would beat all gop candidates too
Well no shit. Everyone outside of maybe Rubio doesn't stand a fighting chance in the national election. 

Now, if the Democrats could push for local and congressional elections as much as the GOP have, we could kill the Republican party in a decade, or at least force them to move a little left(or they would just move further right and become terrorists...) 
If Sanders loses please don't cry 
r/politics. 
You all better not chant gerrymandering or some bullshit excuse. 
Sanders is Coming 
Hopefully he beats that wretched bitch first.
If you don't vote for Sanders then don't ever complain about Hillary once she gets in and starts doing favors to her donors.  These polls tell me just how much we could have this election if not for money's influence in politics.  The puppet candidate vs the people's candidate.  You gonna vote for a puppet?  I sure as hell ain't.  I'll proudly answer these polls every single time Bernie Bernie Bernie.


A bowl of tainted meat would defeat all GOP candidates if the election were held today. 
Not according to my survey.
I really want to believe that Bernie has a chance, but when everyone around me thinks Hillary is running unopposed it really makes me realize that his chances are tremendously low. 
Reality check post refuting optimistic Sanders post title in 3... 2... 1...
Enter these keywords in a search: Hillary Clinton Arms ISIS 
or Hillary Clinton Television Network News Lobbyists or Bill Clinton Deregulated Financial Industry or Hillary Clinton Private Prison Corporations Top Fundraisers
GOP candidates defeat themselves..
Stop it, you're killing me...
Survey is not a good way to poll the public. What a pile of shit this article is. 
Seems pretty obvious to me. Why anyone when given a choice between Sanders or Trump would be pick Trump is beyond me. 
I have a ham sandwich that would beat half of them.
Bernie Sanders with bill Clinton as VP. Ohhhh ya. 
This race is Hillary vs. Sanders
If he somehow convinces the public Hillary is just another member of the GOP, he might win...
In a land far, far, far away.
Utter BS
I'm pretty sure a dead fish could defeat any GOP candidate at this point.
So in states that allow any to vote in primaries (without registering as a specific party), would Republicans go out and vote for Hilary? 

Edit: I meant so their guy has a better chance of winning*
Bernie Sanders is a potential mass murdering dictator like Hitler or Stalin and Mao.
beating the GOP candidates is not the issue, it getting over the hurdle of the misinformed hillary drones.
Except they forgot to include the GOP frontrunner,  Hillary Clinton! 
/unjerk

Seriously you guys? Why are we flipping out about "Wisconsin Survey"? Calm down. 

/rejerk

Go Bernie! Fuck Hil-dawg!
Bernie is a man of the people!
Feel that Bern baby, all night long!
The thing is, Sanders isn't even going to have a chance to run against the GOP. Hillary has the democratic race in the bag. I pray she isn't our next president.
I think my Aunt Edna could defeat all GOP candidates - and she's been dead for 30 years and was a Canadian.
A block of aged Gouda could beat the current crop of GOP front runners. 
That's because he's not spewing hatred.  It's refreshing.
People vote left, lobbyists and the terrified vote right.
He still has to beat whats-her-name
I feel there is a contained bias in the word "underdog" here. How can you be an underdog when you have as much as 30% of your party's support? Does that make Trump an underdog? What about Carson? Christie? 
Can't wait for the debate between Bernie and Trump. 

Who do you think wins? Lol
Yes but he can't beat Hillary so this doesn't matter. 
The last time Hillary was in a serious stressful situation, she had medical issues that followed with her resignation form secretary of state a month later.  I would not count the old man out, not yet, not by a long shot.
It's not surprising that Bernie beats the field of GOP extremists.  What's more important is whether he will beat Hillary in the primaries.
Clinton still wins LOL. Bettet luck next time, leddit guy.
I like Bernie... but even I raise my eyebrows at this claim...

I just can't see the majority of this country *not* shitting themselves over the notion of a socialist in office.
Yay, free money for everyone!  
But, instead, Clinton will get to the primaries, and the vote will be split between Bernie and Clinton; leaving a clear path for Trump to win. 
We know, and we are waiting to celebrate. Can hardly contain my mild enthusiasm at seeing this country become better for the middle class again. Also the taste of marijuana legalization is palpable....ohh wait that's just the taste of the weed i am smoking never mind.
All that cheese is clogging their arteries, which then deprives their brains of oxygenated blood, which then makes them stupid, and in turn makes them support Bernie.
&gt;Polling data taken in The Badger State and analyzed by Marquette University Law School show that the former secretary of state would lose by a percentage point in a match off with GOP candidate Marco Rubio and Ben Carson. On the other hand, the data suggests that Sanders would beat Rubio by 4 percentage points and Carson by 6 points.

There goes the Bernie electability argument. Hillary does worse in a general match up, because she doesn't get any republican or independent votes, but Bernie does. She may be favored among people most likely to vote in the primaries, but in the general election she would do worse. Because she is not trusted. I wouldn't get into why she is not trusted, but a lot of similar polls show that.
[deleted]
This exposes the lie that Democrats have no choice but to vote for Hillary because Bernie can't win the general election.
I've started seeing many, many more of these kinds of stories on the first reddit pages and I want to share a hunch with you guys.

What if media has noticed that peaising Hilary won't work because the Internet community is largely speaking up to inspire volunteering for Sanders?

I mean, what if they're faking this win prediction with hopes that people will start to think their job is done promoting Sanders, he -will- win, so they can chill and let the ball roll itself now?
WoW
God bless you cheese headed bastards 
... at the same time.
This is only one poll and is nearly a year before the general but if he manages to beat Hillary (appears to be unlikely) this bodes well.  
Bernie Sanders is actually a sleeper agent who plans to use America's strength to take Jerusalem
*DAE BERNIE SANDERS?*
This is like watching Ron Paul's run all over again.  Don't worry, the media will make sure to kill Bernie's campaign.
Funny thing is (well not so funny), no one will blast Hillary or challenge her so all this talk doesn't mean shit. 


All one needs to do is look at the last two elections to see the GOP is determined to never again win the White House. Putting McCain and Romney against Obama proved that. 
For god's sake Democrats.  Vote your conscious and not to win.  If you want socialism then vote for a socialist.  
I hope Sanders take Hillary out back behind the old wood shed and smacks that ass!
I've voted democrat 3 elections in a row. if bernie doesn't get the nomination then fuck it. ill vote for some third party candidate. no way i can support hillary. NO WAY I'm voting GOP. but bernie is the guy all the liberals have been saying they want. if they don't support him then fuck their party too.
Don't believe the lies! Let's all vote to guarantee a future.
the Clinton SlickProficiency™ will overcome the needed and necessary Bern, b/c politics sux and wants to pound you in the ass for $.  Eat dirt and keep producing, peasants.
Is it just me or are people not adequately appropriating information? Since summer polls via CNN, NBC, Wall Street Journal and most college polls prove Sanders beats all candidates GOP and Clinton by a 5 to 15 point margin. Those numbers will never change. Clinton will not swing Independent voters or the small population of Republicans already supporting Bernie Sanders. Its common sense anyways, those polls. 
Man, the title makes it seem like he spent $400k decorating an office like Rep. Aaron Schock did with his Downton Abbey themed office. 

His justifications for the spending seem pretty legitimate (making the Speaker's office more accessible and open to legislators), but that could just be an excuse. Who knows....
From the article:

&gt; Other speakers have spent more or less than that, as they saw fit. Democratic leadership at the time didn’t quibble with the changes....

Talk about a nonstory. 
I get that there's sort of a "kitchen sink" approach when it comes to attacking candidates as they pick up steam and such, but I don't think this is a particularly salient criticism of Rubio.  
  
I'd be more interested in focusing on the extreme cuts he's proposed to revenues, and what corresponding extreme cuts he's planning to make to the federal budget.  Also his general lack of experience or a record, given he's fresh out of Florida and has done almost nothing in the Senate I don't find him remotely credible in pretty much any policy realm.  
  
Oddly, having little to no significant accomplishments is sort of his "strength" given he can spend all his time attacking his more accomplished rivals while not having to defend anything himself or say much of anything about policy.  
Lets ignore that the State House approved these funds long before Rubio was elected...

Lets pretend like Rubio just stole money and remodeled his offices and not act like certain amounts of money are put aside to do this very thing.

Taking tax money and redistributing it into the economy.


For those who refuse to click the link and read.

"It was actually more than that. Rubio spent almost $560,000 to move around offices, renovate meeting spaces and open a dining area in the Capitol. Other speakers have spent more or less than that, as they saw fit. Democratic leadership at the time didn’t quibble with the changes, although Rubio did face some criticism over the moves, especially when he ran for U.S. Senate."
I mean, yeah, government offices do need maintenance and renovation over the years.  And it IS going to be our tax money paying for it.
$400k certainly seems excessive on its face but it's pretty common. An old colleague of mine recently became a federal judge and the budget they are offering for them to redecorate their office was $100k and they were explicitly told that it would not be received well if they didn't spend most of that as they don't want to establish a precedent which could limit future judges spending a crap-ton of money decorating their offices.
So no one cared about the spending until Marco Rubio started running for president?

Sounds legit.
Yeah! Democrats are saintly figures. I heard Marco Rubio double dips in parties. What kinda of a disgusting monster would do that.  
r/politics is so informative.
Posting this shit is why this subreddit has no credibility 
This guy has a spending problem, amex can confirm. 
Hell, that's nothing. Governor Patrick in Massachusetts spent $9 million remodeling his office at the State House. 
It would be necessary to see an itemized bill to judge the "appropriateness" of the expenses. For instance if asbestos removal occurred, or any other issue of that nature occurred, it would be appropriate. To many variables to judge the worthiness of expenditures without further itemized detail. 
Why does nearly every public servant get to renovate their office? When is this going under the austerity axe? Why do we need to do this at all beyond for safety reasons?  It's a government building.  It can be grey and boring, that's it's job. If they wanna spruce up their office, do it outta their own pocket like "Real Americans" do.
I'm most upset that a $100,000 spiral staircase got blocked off in the deal!
That's nothing!  You should have seen the bill Deval Patrick rang up!!
Rubio 2016. Small government, big offices.
Guys, he is just making the most of the [bad job which he hates](http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/5630e52fe4b00aa54a4c082b). Cut the guy some slack. What's a few dollars on decor?
So if it was more and the number wasn't accurate, wouldn't that make the statement "untrue"? Ya know, politics aside...
I'm more concerned about how this compares to previous individuals. Did the last guy spend $40K, $300K, a million dollars?
Politifact - anything a republican says is false.  
This is the worst he has done? Makes me kinda like him more actually. Thanks for the info :)
Also, *water bottles everywhere*
I personally think his relationship with Norman Braman is the bigger scandal. That guy bankrolled Rubio and his family, essentially making up jobs to pay him and got lots of favorable legislation in return. "Oh you need some money. Let me make up a job for you wife and fund a couple of positions for you. Financial problems solved." The free market wasn't clamoring for Rubio to teach a course. His buddy cut a check. Brahman should just be honest and make a bribe a bribe. The other stuff while distasteful isn't any where near as shady. 

http://mobile.nytimes.com/2015/05/10/us/billionaire-lifts-marco-rubio-politically-and-personally.html?referer=&amp;_r=0
Oh sure.  Get on Marco Rubio's spending problems.  But lest you forget, Obama gave away a hundred brazillion dollars in cell phones!
[deleted]
I should get into politics. 
Wouldnt that make it mostly true?
"Alex ill take, things that hurt republicans for 800" 
That's nothing.  We had the LA city council spend more than that.
Construction isn't cheap. Raw material has gone up like crazy. 
Marco Rubio...gg to his political campaign..
So if it was more and the number wasn't accurate, wouldn't that make the statement "untrue"? Ya know, politics aside...
If it was actually more than that then why is the statement labeled true? 
Deval Patrick spent 11 million on his office. But he's not running for president, or a republican, so.....
Isn't the new Canadian prime minister spending millions to renovate his residence? Don't things have to be redone from time to time?
Make sure we only post and upvote the Politifact articles that are against the Republicans. We can do this!
Wow, that's like the amount it costs to have a clinton come speak at your public college.
The Florida Democratic Party?  Well, there it is;  The party of truth, morality and self indulgence. Of course Rubio must be horrible and Hillary Clinton,  an angel who sits at the right hand of God.
It's a drop in the bucket compared to the budget.
It's weird that if Republicans said this it'd be considered false. Context is crazy.
Obama's first move was remodeling federal buildings and he used a few more zeros to do it .
Just need to keep those trickle-down economics going, I bet.
Soo he put people to work improved the statehouse at the same time.....?

oh how awful. 
All politicians seem to do is get money for their rich friends.

Bernie 2016
I'm so tired of these cunt bag fuck wits that are running our country. Politics is a fucking outdated waste. Our system is broken. It's outdated and it needs to be scrapped. 
The arrogance of this jerk! Seriously, wouldn't you think if you did this that you would get caught? I guess he doesn't even care; he's a republican, there is no crime or malfeasance in that bubble.
is this the best people have on Rubio? lol first the NYTimes tried to get him for a fishing boat and speeding tickets. now this?! making it too easy for him. 
If it was more than 400k should that be a mostly true?
Yeah but that's $400K progressive Messiah Barack Hussein Obama won't spend mass-murdering people in Afghanistan, or Syria, or Iraq, or Yemen, or Ukraine.

And it's not "your" tax dollars, serf. It's your master, the government's.
The title made me cringe, big time.
Such condescension. 

Edit: To people in comments who love ridiculing Bernie solely on his "electability" or the "Christ" like following on reddit: You guys need to understand that this isn't the first condescending article nor would it be the last one. I don't speak for every Bernie supporter but I get outraged over these articles because they focus on the most trivial things involving horse race politics instead of well reasoned criticisms based on his record or policy platform. 

Most of you feel that reddit or internet support alone would not get him elected which very well may prove to be true but there needs to be some reason why more people who are informed on Bernie like him. May be it's not  because they like beating off to an old white guy. May be it's not just because they hate Hillary or Trump. Some, yes. Not most. It might be coz of his record/strengths/weaknesses. It's fair to feel that a lot of Bernie posts get up voted in r/politics but I'm not going to apologize for up voting a post about the candidate I like. The real problem might be with your candidate for not exciting your base. Not my problem. At least be glad that most Bernie's articles aren't about Muslims or religion or 9/11 you get the idea. 

He might become the next Ron Paul and I am totally expecting a phenomenal shit storm if and when he loses. And you can certainly expect it from us if he wins however unlikely it may seem to you. Until then, I don't know about others, I'll keep confronting bullshit. 
"...at a time when everything and everyone else in Democratic Washington seems to revolve around compromise"   This is kind of an aside, and I'm well past worrying about it because at this point its like a little kid having a temper tantrum, but hasn't the republican congress basically been stonewalling and slandering anything and everything done by any democrat for the last 10 years almost?    
As usual, /r/Politics posting an opinion piece and treating it like its real news. 
Enter Sandersman. 
/r/cringe
Now he's being equated with Joan of Arc? Who are these people?
Imagine this, a candidate being attacked for honestly voicing the ideas people like and want and not telling big lies along the way to the election.  


They can't attack Senator Bernie Sanders for lies and corruption so he must be attacked for being a good honest politician. 



We're just happy to finally have a Cool Socialist Grandpa instead of Awkwardly Racist Grandpa
Senator Cruz mention that Obama appointed a lawyer who represented a cop killer for free.  As an ex LEO, even though I dislike cop killers, you still have right to representation regardless of the crime you are being accused off.  
No one panders to milleniels because they won't vote in a large enough cohort to make the investment worthwhile.  The older people get the more reliably they turn out. 

This is incidentally the only reason the Grand Old Teaparty is still sucking up congressional seats and governorships in off year elections. Young people stay home and angry old gasbags go out and vote for that nice white feller who is going to keep this country from going all to hell and back. 

Election Day should be a national mandatory holiday. 
Does anyone find it strange how all the conservatives in this reddit are complaining about the ‘bernie Sander’s circle jerk’ on an obvious Smear Piece. I would think they would delight in taking Mr. sanders down a peg, but something tells me they just skipped the article and went right in to bitch and moan mode
Enter sanders man
Not liberal, but flocking to him anyways.
Joan of arc was a 19 year old French girl who had mental illness that manifested in religious hallucinations which lead her and others to kill thousands in the name of God. 

Bernie sanders is a 74 year old Jewish man from New York who believes in social reforms. 

I don't see how your comparison of Bernie to a 19 year old crazy person is helping him.
Go Grandpa, Go!
&gt;That is what seems to separate Mrs. Clinton from Mr. Sanders: a willingness to sacrifice ideological purity in order to get things done.

Leave it to the Third Way crowd to mistake capitulation and appeasement for political effectiveness and leadership.  Barack Obama's and Bill Clinton's presidencies were both sorely compromised by pursuing this failed political path too.  Bill's triangulation brought the national economy and middle class to its knees after his capitulations to right wing stupid on free trade and financial industry deregulation.
Since Sanders isn't judging some other foreign leader (e.g. Saddam) with out facts (there was no imminent threat) but is instead addressing issues in our economy that many people identify as real and palpable (something we know about without Cheney or Feith concocting "Zarqawi" rhetoric) I don't see what he's doing is moral certitude. 

I know the NY Times is not critical of certitude.  But they also weren't critical of Cheney or the Zarqawi yarns either.
Metallica should license "Enter Sandman" to Bernie's campaign.

PSA for my younger home slices: VOTE. REGISTER TO VOTE. VOTE IN THE PRIMARIES, GENERAL AND MID-TERM ELECTIONS.

Does anyone else remember the "Rock The Vote" campaign from the early 1990s? WHY IS NO ONE DOING THAT AGAIN? i know, we lost MTV. But now we have social media and so much more...bandwidth.  HARNESS DAT SHIZ.
Crrrrriiinnnngggeee
The writer seems really confident that Bernie supporters see him as a Christ-figure, like she's shattering the illusion by pointing out that "hey, did you know Bernie Sanders is also a politician?". 

Just because people believe in him doesn't mean they worship him.
Another NYT OpEd shitting on Bernie Sanders.

What a shock.
TIL that I'm a millennial. Not bad for a 45 year old. 
&gt; That is what seems to separate Mrs. Clinton from Mr. Sanders: a willingness to sacrifice ideological purity in order to get things done.

It's also what made Obama so damn ineffective. When you're trying to bring people that literally want a government 'so small you can drown it in a bathtub' getting them on board means sacrificing anything that might actually make your plan effective. I don't care if Sanders gets one damn thing through congress, I know two things: he's not going to allow bullshit through, and he's going to be on TV every damn day calling the Republicans on their bullshit instead of trying to butter them up. America's ready for change, but it needs someone to lead them to it. 
There is truly nothing quite so scary as someone who is sure they are morally right. If someone thinks the facts are on their side, then contradictory facts can change their mind. But moral certainty is unchangeable. And if a president needs any one skill, it is listening to his or her advisors.
I like Bernie, but fuck am I getting tired of the Reddit circlejerk surrounding him.
As opposed to our actual Fox-News-watching parents and grandparents.
I see a lot of people complaining about this being some kind of Sanders tarring, but really, it's a pretty realistic discussion of Sanders's strengths *and* his weaknesses.

This is actually a pretty good article.

I'm not surprised to see the Sanders supporters on Reddit angry about it, though. It's not really negative enough that they can just discount it as a hatchet job by a bought-and-paid-for "journalist," nor is it a "Bernie Sanders can save the world" love letter from the NYT.

It's a realistic appraisal of the man, his politics, and yes, the changes (GASP! Bernie Sanders doesn't change his mind) in his positions in a few areas over time since he was elected to the Senate.

&gt;How is a 74-year-old self-described Democratic socialist from one of the least populous states in the country turning the Democratic primary upside down and proving an adept challenger to one of the most established candidates in modern politics?

This is a pretty accurate description so far.

&gt;Easy, supporters of Senator Bernie Sanders say: He represents an unyielding crusader who will restore decency to American politics. Mr. Sanders is ideologically pure at a time when everything and everyone else in Democratic Washington seems to revolve around compromise. And as this primary is proving, many Democrats (and even some Republicans) are frustrated with compromise. In some way, Mr. Sanders’s appeal stems from his own un-electability.

Again, pretty accurate. You maybe want to argue with the term "un-electability," but the fact is that Sanders remains quite a bit behind Hillary Clinton in polling numbers.

&gt;But first, an exploration of the facts: Before Hillary Clinton announced her candidacy, political observers expected her to run away with the Democratic nomination. And that conventional wisdom appeared to pay off, at first. Mrs. Clinton still leads Mr. Sanders by roughly 25 points in national polls — the same spread that there is between Donald J. Trump, the Republican front-runner, and Mike Huckabee, the trailing former Arkansas governor. Still, the gentleman from Vermont has succeeded in neighboring New Hampshire, where he is virtually tied with Mrs. Clinton.

Again, this is not in dispute. It's not a rosy prediction of Sanders taking the nomination and riding into the White House in 2016. Maybe that's the problem, people expect either heavily negative or heavily positive discussions of him, and nothing in between. But the fact remains that compared to Clinton, Sanders is coming up short.

&gt;To understand how Mr. Sanders has outperformed expectations in the Democratic primary, you have to look at how he’s long been outperforming expectations in Washington, where he first arrived after winning a seat in Congress in 1990.

&gt;“Bernie Sanders surprises people,” said Harry Jaffe, an editor at large for Washingtonian magazine, who wrote an unauthorized biography of Mr. Sanders, to be published in mid-January. “If I would boil down his political career, it comes down to surprising people and exceeding expectations.”

What's wrong with this section? Anything?

&gt;Since winning his Senate seat, Mr. Sanders has held on to it by keeping his constituents, not his colleagues, in mind.

Both positive and negative here. Positive because we *always* want to see a senator whose constituents are high on his list of priorities. Negative because a senator needs to work with his colleagues to pass legislation, including legislation that he may not 100% agree with.

&gt;“This is a man who goes home to Vermont almost every weekend, and he famously said a number of years ago, ‘I work in Washington, but I live in Vermont,’ ” Mr. Jaffe said.

Bernie likes to be back in VT. Nothing wrong with that.

&gt;The national voter base is much different from Vermont’s, but Democratic politics have become more Vermont-like in recent years. It’s safe to say that Mr. Sanders’s candidacy would not be taken as seriously if the 2008 economic recession hadn’t lit a fire under progressive Americans’ seats. The same plutocratic disaster that inspired Occupy Wall Street also helped push progressives like Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts into office.

Again, statement of fact.

&gt;It’s also what has filled a new generation of young Americans with righteous rage. Compared to the baby boomers, millennials earn less, have more student loan debt, and can’t afford to buy homes.

Absolutely true, and a major reason why Sanders is popular with younger people. Even if most of them understand that he can't actually do anything that would much ease their financial pain, the acknowledgement of it as a major issue is very appealing.

&gt;Young people appear to be warming to socialism in ways their parents probably never would have considered. A 2011 Pew Research Center study found that just 31 percent of the American public had a positive view of the term “socialism,” compared with 50 percent for “capitalism.” But among 18- to 29-year-olds, 49 percent had a positive view of “socialism,” while 46 percent had a positive view of “capitalism.” Trust in capitalism was further eroded among black and Hispanic respondents.

Complain if you want that he's not technically a socialist. The fact is that Sanders himself used the term many times in the past to describe his viewpoint. Only in the last few months has he made *any* effort to try to distinguish between "socialism" and what he purports to adhere to.

It's a new push, and it's intended to win over those who are hardened against the term "socialist," which is how Sanders has previously described himself.

&gt;Enter Mr. Sanders, an almost painfully earnest politician seemingly burdened with the ambition and moral certitude of Joan of Arc. Liberal millennials are flocking to him, their Cool Socialist Grandpa. A recent McClatchy-Marist poll found that Democratic voters ages 18 to 29 favored Mr. Sanders over Mrs. Clinton by a margin of 58 percent to 35 percent.

Pretty accurate statement of the current state of affairs.

&gt;But Mr. Sanders is also a politician, and a pragmatic one when he wants to be. When he was mayor of Burlington, he made sure allies were elected to the City Council.

&gt;“He’s like a stealth politician because people think he’s just this guy who has super-liberal, i.e., socialist tendencies, but at the same time he is a brutally successful political knife-fighter,” Mr. Jaffe said. “He doesn’t get elected because he’s a nice guy. ”

&gt;And, like any good politician, he has changed his mind. Same-sex marriage and gun control are two subjects where his past positions have come into conflict with modern Democratic politics.

&gt;“Bernie Sanders has played both sides on gun rights and gun control,” Mr. Jaffe said. “If you don’t think that’s a political calculation, you’re crazy.”

I'm sorry, but it's *very* important that this be mentioned. It should be higher up. Sanders is not some angelic figure, he's a politician. He's changed his mind (something that his supporters practically tar and feather Clinton for doing).

You may not like it, it may conflict with your view of what Sanders represents, but he's still a pretty canny politician.

&gt;Mr. Sanders may be effectively playing to his strengths, but his campaign is not without its weaknesses. His foreign policy chops are lacking, a fact that may damage him as fears about terrorism are renewed. And the nation’s major unions — still a force in Democratic politics — appear to be coalescing around Mrs. Clinton, not him.

Accurate statement of facts here.

&gt;The senator from Vermont has said he is not running a negative campaign, but he has started to be more vocal in criticizing Mrs. Clinton for the campaign donations she’s received from corporate interests — a line of attack that should sound familiar to anyone who paid attention to the 2008 Democratic primaries.

Again, this is pretty accurate and fair.

&gt;Recently, Mrs. Clinton spoke to Lena Dunham, the star and creator of the HBO show “Girls,” and in explaining her record on Wall Street reform gave an illuminating view into how she approaches politics.

&gt;“I like to have plans for what I do. I may not always be the stemwinder about these things because I think it’s important, and I’ve been around Washington long enough to know, you’ve got to get people to agree if you’re going to get something done,” she said. “Trying to get bipartisan agreement is difficult, but often it’s essential.”

&gt;That is what seems to separate Mrs. Clinton from Mr. Sanders: a willingness to sacrifice ideological purity in order to get things done.

This is actually a very important point. Clinton knows how to make deals. Sanders has shown that, in general, he doesn't.

Sorry to say, but as President, sometimes you have to hold your nose to get things done. Sanders doesn't seem willing to do that.

&gt;A thirst for a different kind of ideological purity is what helped propel the Tea Party wave in 2010, and it’s what’s helping raise Mr. Sanders aloft now. But in the blood sport of two-party politics, purity is still a less desirable quality than ruthless electability.

True in both positive and negative respects.

In all fairness, this article paints a pretty accurate and pretty fair picture of Sanders, and the positive *and* negative aspects of his campaign and of the man himself.

It's not a hatchet job in any way.
The reason a lot of Senators and Congressmen/ Women have a difficult time running for president is because they've done their jobs well.  Congress in America works only when there is common ground found, and when there is compromise.  A candidate who staunchly refuses to compromise won't, and can't, get things done.  As lousy as the two-party system is at representing minority groups, it's based on painful consensus.  Bernie has found ways to get his agendas through while not completely alienating (read: made impotent) himself.  That's how our system works.  You need to look at a candidate's goals and what they have done to achieve them.  Judge them by their results, their efforts, their successes and their failures.  When you distill all that you'll see what they really want and what they can really do.  Noisemakers on each end of the spectrum make nothing but noise.  Noisemakers who make the foray toward the center when it's pragmatic get shit done.  Bernie gets shit done by making compromises when it's pragmatic without compromising his ultimate (and very knowable) goals.  That's why I'm voting for him.
If only that age group voted in numbers.
bernie sanders is the dankest meme

yes, he's better than hillary.  but can we stop anointing him as the second coming of christ?  it's getting silly at this point.
This article is so badly written it takes physical effort to interpret the snobbishness underneath.  

First of all, there is a noticeable trend in the media to highlight the word "socialist" and immediately data to paint it in a negative light to lead any uninformed reader to adopt that same conclusion. Unsurprisingly, very few outlets will ever explain the reasoning behind the negative connotation.   

&gt;And, like any good politician, he has changed his mind. Same-sex marriage and gun control are two subjects where his past positions have come into conflict with modern Democratic politics.  

The finger pointing about not being a forefront leader in the fight for gay rights is petty at best. Subtly supporting an issue and vocally supporting it are one and the same, the impact they make depends entirely on the power you wield over others and their opinions of you as an individual. Its an outrageous argument that because Sanders was not preaching to every corner of the earth about gay rights that he has changed his mind on the topic.   
Furthermore, going against the arguably "far right of the left wing" ideals that are thrown around today, Sanders seems to toe the line on the original liberal ideals.   

&gt; “The difference between the Democrats and the Republicans is that when Republicans get power, they know how to use it,” Ed Schultz, a former MSNBC host and a personal friend of Mr. Sanders, lamented. “When the Democrats get power, they want to negotiate with everybody.”   

Really? Perhaps they should shut down all government jobs for several weeks because they don't want to give poor people and choice in healthcare. That would definitely count as knowing how to use your power, the same as a toddler screaming and crying for a toy.
You know liberalism has won when being barely to the left of center on any meaningful international scale means you're "socialist". What a bunch of bullshit, this guy just wants to expand the welfare state (not a bad thing), last time I checked he didn't want to abolish private property, which is like the absolute bare minimum of being a socialist. 
If Bernie Sanders surprises people, either they haven't been paying attention or they have been given false or at least misleading information, so they are surprised when they learn the truth. 

Bernie is one of the most consistent, dependable and, therefore, unsurprising politicians I have seen in a long time. When it comes to politics, there seems to be little but false or misleading information in the mainstream media.

Perhaps it is not Bernie who is surprising. Perhaps the pundits in Washington are so isolated in their bubble that they are surprised by how ordinary people are reacting to him. 

&gt; In some way, Mr. Sanders’s appeal stems from his own un-electability.

Of course, no evidence of 'un-electability' is provided. Is this deliberate misinformation rooted in fear of the reality? Or is it just wishful thinking?

&gt; To understand how Mr. Sanders has outperformed expectations...

Mr Sanders, according to the article, has been in federal politics for 25 years (since 1990, when he entered Congress). Who's expectations were outperformed? Are the political pundits and media commentators really so poorly informed that they are surprised?

&gt; Enter Mr. Sanders, an almost painfully earnest politician...

How is being earnest painful? The pain comes from the lies and corruption and incompetence of the majority of politicians, that allowed if not caused the current problems, not from a politician being earnest.

&gt; But in the blood sport of two-party politics, purity is still a less desirable quality than ruthless electability.

Utter tripe. What is desirable is a leader with consistently good and evident moral judgement, free of corruption, who will keep the interests of the people paramount. Ruthless electability is about as undesirable a trait as one could find in a politician.



It's not clear to me how BS supporters are making this out to be a negative article.

It was even posted by one of your own, /u/Toppdeck
I down vote every bernie sanders thread
 It's not just "idiot hippy dippy millennials" 
sensible people flock to bernie. 
Okay, so Bernie Sanders reached "Real Threat" status because they are breaking out the Ron Paul headlines. 

"Old, fun Grandpa with 'zany' ideas about Socialism!"  

"This Millennial Favorite ticks all the right boxes for the youngest and least educated voter!"

"Crazy old man wants people to enjoy life!  How crazy!"

That's when you know you've really angered the political machine.  When they switch from attacking you to marginalizing you via endorsement.  

Fucking amazing.
"Cool socialist grandpa".  I personally prefer uncle Joe.
Holy fucking cringe
nobody has a chance if theyre relying on the millennial vote



I wish Bernie was ten years younger, so he could run again if things don't go his way this time around. 
Every. Fucking. Day. This guy reaches the top page. Must be an inside job
And like Joan sadly he will Fail before the juggernaut which is Hillary. 
For fuck's sake, left leaning welfare states are not socialist.
Condescending title.
I imagine Phil Hartman reading this title.

I miss Phil.
If this article hadn't talked about Hillary at all it might have been good. Instead we got some trash balanced summary if what everyone knows
/r/titlegore
Uhh, I like Bernie too, but they overdid it just a *wee* bit there with the title. The man's not the second coming of Christ.
Thought this was /r/circlejerk for a second.
Joan of Arc was a CHRISTIAN people! SHE PROBABLY WOULD HAVE BEEN CONSERVATIVE!! Not a a progressive like Bert ''The Human Torch'' Sanders. This post offends me tbh. 
"Mr. Sanders is ideologically pure at a time when everything and everyone else in Democratic Washington seems to revolve around compromise."

Such a polite way of putting it. What exactly is the compromise? Sacrificing a better world for media ratings, and therefore more money? I'll take ideology over empty, irresponsible, and often unethical "compromise" 
At first glacé I expected this to be a really metal political satire of enter sandman.,,,
r/politics has turned into r/circlejerk
And the predicted pre Christmas break character assassination attempts start. Back to banging the "Lions and Tigers and Socialists, oh my!" drum. Back to claiming unelectability, even an attempt to both claim he fights both sides of issues AND a claim he can't sacrifice ideology. Blaming his apparent gains on 'ungrateful, dissatisfied kids man!' is a new low however.
This article is very clearly a pro-Hillary hit piece.  Look how many time the writer slips in socialist/ism.  
Note: Politicians before Sanders were no different.  Remember Obama.
That's so fuckin' hilarious.  I love reddit during election season.  I can't wait to see the frontpage when/if Bernie loses.  What will r/politics look like when it's Hillary vs Marco?  So exciting!!
&gt; His foreign policy chops are lacking, a fact that may damage him as fears about terrorism are renewed. 

Yeah, but don't mention the fact that Hillary voted for Iraq. Fuck this hit piece.
I'm surprised this wasn't Maureen Dowd.
"Kids who never entered the real world are attracted to the old politician offering them everything"
&gt;“The difference between the Democrats and the Republicans is that when Republicans get power, they know how to use it,” Ed Schultz, a former MSNBC host and a personal friend of Mr. Sanders, lamented. “When the Democrats get power, they want to negotiate with everybody.”

&gt;And would Mr. Sanders know how to wield that power, if it were given to him?

&gt;“Absolutely,” he said.
Sleep with one eye open, folks.
So some how, a politician being earnest is a, bad thing?
he has advocated against the abolition of private capital, i.e. **no he's fucking not a socialist, not even close**
Be hip! Don't be square! Vote for Bernie because he is a cool dude! 

DARE campaigns were less cringeworthy than this.
The circle jerk knows NO BOUNDS
Jesus christ this fucking sub.
He reminds me of the kid running for class president in middle school that would promise "free candy from the vending machine, better lunches, and longer time in between periods!"
People who have not figured out how to best use their talents within the system struggle for a period.  Young people always go through this period of struggle.

Bernie promises to end the struggle and just hand them other people's money.  

Do you want to go to college and get a degree for which there is no demand whatsoever?  Bernie will force someone else to pay so you can indulge yourself.  Have you thus far acquired no useful skill whatsoever?  Bernie will give force those who have acquired useful skills to give you a raise for not learning anything useful.  

It seems like a utopia.  Those of us who understand the system, and how it benefits long term know otherwise.  Should there be changes? Of course. But Bernie exploits the need for change by promising a system which is unsustainable in a diverse population.  The alternatives won't make any more changes than Mr. Hope and Change himself, who made no real changes, unless you call more drone strikes and the TPP real change.  

So we're stuck with two awful choices.  Drive-the-country-into-the-ground Bernie or Keep-everything-the-same Hillary.

Downvote away, but the non-millennials know better than to vote for a system in which no one has to give a shit about the choices they make.
Y'all Bernie hating conservatives,  Hate him or love him,  his ideas is and  will make lasting impression on future of American politics.  His political campaign has revealed that Americans  actually don't hate socialism and it's what future of America is going to be look like.  #FeelTheBern
How can it be so easy for liberals to quickly understand the appeal of Bernie Sanders, and yet so difficult to understand the appeal of Donald Trump to conservatives?

They appear to be the exact same qualities. 
So basically: kids who don't pay taxes want others, who pay taxes, to pay more taxes, so they can get free stuff. 
I was born in North Dakota, moved away very young and have only spent a few years there since. My father's side of the family all lives there. I went home this past summer and got to talking with my Grandpa, he's about to be 90. When he found out I was a Sanders support I expected general disinterest. Instead he was elated and spent the next couple of hours schooling me on Bernie vs a variety of other candidates as well as a good look at his history. 

Bernie is absolutely more popular with  the young generation but I find it fascinating how easily it is passed off as only that. There are plenty of older folks who really believe in and agree with this message. 

This shouldn't be surprising since Bernie himself is rather old, however the mainstream world can't seem to grasp one where he isn't the only person with these ideas. 

Edit prior to any possible replies. I haven't read this yet - the headline just got under my skin. 
quick, make it a generational thing. don't mention the whole 'class' thing whatever you do
America is not ready for an honest politician, that is the only reason why Bernie may not win. America likes familiarity no matter how much garbage that familiarity has rained down upon them. We expect garbage to rain down on us, that is what we have become as a nation, a giant dumping ground for the ivory towers. We are everything the founding fathers did not want us to become:

- “If the American people ever allow private banks to control the issue of their money, first by inflation and then by deflation, the banks and corporations that will grow up around them (around the banks), will deprive the people of their property until their children will wake up homeless on the continent their fathers conquered.”
— Thomas Jefferson

-  “The power of all corporations ought to be limited, […] the growing wealth acquired by them never fails to be a source of abuses.”
— James Madison

-  “I hope that we shall crush in its birth the aristocracy of our monied corporations, which dare already to challenge our government to a trial of strength, and bid defiance to the laws of our country.”
— Thomas Jefferson

- “He who is the author of a war, lets loose the whole contagion of hell, and opens a vein that bleeds a nation to death.”
— Thomas Paine

- “No nation could preserve its freedom in the midst of continual warfare. ” -James Madison

- “Governments constantly choose between telling lies and fighting wars, with the end result always being the same. One will always lead to the other.” -Thomas Jefferson 

- “Over grown military establishments are under any form of government inauspicious to liberty, and are to be regarded as particularly hostile to republican liberty.” -George Washington

- “Those who give up essential liberties for temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety.” -Benjamin Franklin

Sanders abides by all of these things by being a candidate of the people, and, most notably, the entirety of his voting record and political career. Clinton is a corporate stooge along with the rest of them. I would consider another candidate besides Bernie if there was another candidate that wasn't an implement of the ultimate enemy to freedom, greedy businesses that would harvest infants if there was a greasy buck to be made in it. We are the scariest nation on earth, believe that.
There are a lot of comments about whether the NYTimes is attacking Sanders in this piece or not, but if you read their newspaper daily and pay attention to the other media out there (especially on reddit), it's not just about one article. There is a big disconnect over what is happening in the Democratic party.

Simple answer? NYTimes is clearly in Hillary's pocket. That's too bad. I have never seen their politics so blatantly affect their reporting. It has definitely diminished my trust in them as a news source.

But even from a business perspective, this is a bad move. While they are trying to keep their newspaper relevant in a new digital economy, they are alienating the millennials through this clearly biased reporting. Maybe they have decided to pass on the millennials as an important market segment, but that doesn't seem wise. 

Instead of thought-provoking pieces, they often try to take a jab at or minimize Bernie, while playing down Hillary's guffaws and emphasizing her changing positions. 

NYTimes has always been biased towards a certain point of view, but that point of view has become increasingly narrow and now clearly excludes the millennials and their reality.
Hope this is an op-ed because the condescending tone of that headline should be unacceptable in a 'news' story.
Too bad Joan of Arc was trying to save our souls. And didn't chase pipedreams.
For the love of God, he is a social democrat, not a full-blown socialist! Massive difference!
Damn man, if only we saw Corbyn articles like this. 
As a Brit, a lot of the commentary on Sanders reminds my of the press coverage of Corbyn in the run up to the Labour leadership vote, and look how that turned out. He was our politically divisive "cool socialist grandpa", but he gets a lot of respect, including mine, for saying what he bloody well believes, instead of whatever seems politically palatable at the time, and in the current climate of political cynicism that seems to pervade both our nations, I think that kind of honesty will make up for a lot.

Also, as a Brit, I am legally required to point out that Sanders sounds like a moderate politician with more sensible policies than I hear a lot of the rest of the presidential candidates espousing. /s?
Yep, he's seen more as "that character", than, "that potential President".
Youth don't vote.
"That is what seems to separate Mrs. Clinton from Mr. Sanders: a willingness to sacrifice ideological purity in order to get things done."


Right. Hilldog will throw her own beliefs in the trash and sell out to Wall St. to win an election. Bernie won't. We know. That's why we're voting for Bernie.
bernie isnt a fucking socialist

p.s. can we please not have any bern articles for one day with shit titles
Enter Sanderman
Liberal millennials? I'm not even American (canada) and I know that's not the only demographic supporting him. I'm pretty sure millennials can't afford the amount of donations that he's gotten so clearly there are more than just millennials interesting in him. So why focus on that?
well if the NY times has to finally acknowledge something about bernie, it might as well be a smear article

nyt your so easy, its great
&gt;But Mr. Sanders is also a politician, and a pragmatic one when he wants to be. When he was mayor of Burlington, he made sure allies were elected to the City Council.

&gt;“He’s like a stealth politician because people think he’s just this guy who has super-liberal, i.e., socialist tendencies, but at the same time he is a brutally successful political knife-fighter,” Mr. Jaffe said. “He doesn’t get elected because he’s a nice guy. ”

&gt;And, like any good politician, he has changed his mind. Same-sex marriage and gun control are two subjects where his past positions have come into conflict with modern Democratic politics.

&gt;“Bernie Sanders has played both sides on gun rights and gun control,” Mr. Jaffe said. “If you don’t think that’s a political calculation, you’re crazy.”

This is the most telling piece of the article for me. I don't understand the hivemind here that this guy is somehow  above playing politics when he's a career politician. 
is he really more unelectable than Hillary Clinton?  Clinton is what, at 37%unfavorable and net 11% unfavorable?  Clinton has been demonized for 20 years and is so hated in some circles, she's a guaranteed get out the vote for Republicans.
I love Bernie. He is the only person running for president right now that won't lead us to ruin. However, the circle jerk needs to stop. Please post items of substance.
&gt;Mr. Sanders may be effectively playing to his strengths, but his campaign is not without its weaknesses. His foreign policy chops are lacking, a fact that may damage him as fears about terrorism are renewed. And the nation’s major unions — still a force in Democratic politics — appear to be coalescing around Mrs. Clinton, not him.

Sanders's foreign policy experience is certainly not lacking.  His ideas on foreign policy are sound.  He voted against the war in Iraq for many reasons, one of them being the prediction that a terrorist organization like ISIS would result from this invasion.  He predicted ISIS in 2002.  On the other hand, the irresponsible and reckless foreign policy that Hillary Clinton has supported (like the war in Iraq and a no fly zone over Syria right now, which would mean an unthinkable war with Russia) has been disastrous.  She has supported the republicans in foreign policy for years.  Clinton is a neocon.  She will do what her largest campaign donors tell her to do.
Anyone read that as enter sandman?
I understand if Sanders doesn't win, but can anybody treat Sanders decently as a candidate? What is this Joan of Arc BS? That is not only condescending to Sanders but to everybody who supports Sanders, as if not supporting Clinton is a sign of immaturity. Just because I am a liberal doesn't mean I have to fall in line with Establishment Democrat Candidate.
There's a reason why I've never heard of this op-ed garbage author... and that title is a good starting point.
Bernie is not some cool grandpa. He's the man sick and tired of politics holding a majority of Americans at gun point. He's the man fighting for the majority. Fighting for what is right. He's pushed against all forms of corruption and political gain. He's honest, integral, and fights for the better cause. He's not cool. Cool is "hey whatever. All is good. Brush it off." No he's holding people and organizations accountable and risking his life to do so. Don't belittle sanders by saying he's a grandpa or cool. He's got plenty of bite and energy. As is he's in my legend book. 
'Liberal millennials' ...pssssh. I'm nearly 40, ride the line of 'moderate', and love this guy. On my recent trip to a conservative area of Florida nearly everyone I talked to (older conservatives included) talked very highly of him if not outright endorsing him. 

Only one person in recent conversation has said they were voting for someone else and that was a liberal who is set on 'voting in the first woman president', Hillary. 
http://i.imgur.com/91sn32Q.jpg?fb
&gt; A 2011 Pew Research Center study found that just 31 percent of the American public had a positive view of the term “socialism,” compared with 50 percent for “capitalism.”

I'm tired of this false dichotomy. We need to collectively understand that a market economy for consumer goods is not mutually exclusive to well-regulated services that are not compatible with market forces.

This is the biggest obstacle to Sanders' campaign. People assume that "socialism" and capitalism cannot coexist.
I love Sanders but god this title 
"kind of ideological purity is what helped propel the Tea Party wave in 2010, and it’s what’s helping raise Mr. Sanders aloft now. "

What total BS
Socialist grandpa that wants ceos to pay their fair amount in taxes.  That's what we call socialism now
Uh, no. In the first place, he's not a Socialist. I would think that a major news organization would have a little better research department than this. 

He is a man with a clear vision and the will and ability to make it happen. The fact that he is so consistent and has clearly never been corrupted by the system is driving these people crazy. They have nothing on him. The worst thing they can say about him is that he voted for a couple of bills that seemed to go against his principles. Instead of trying to backpeddle like every other politician on the planet, he owned it. Completely took the wind out of their sails. Now they just call him names and try to convince people that he wants to end the concept of private industry.  

Bernie is going to be our next President.
These are your options for upcoming election.

Trump - who in all Honesty doesn't seem far off from the nazis at this point.  Go watch or read about the nazi party prior to taking over the German government in the late 1920s and early 1930s.

Clinton - continuation of the status quo pretty much.  The rich will keep getting richer

Sanders - potential to be the FDR of our day, with possible historic positive changes for the U.S.  Worst case scenario, continuation of the status quo...
[deleted]
She thinks people are done with compromise in DC?  What compromise?
From the opinion section of the "paper of record"-this was no front page article espousing the NYTs beliefs
Uncle Joe
If I were living in the 1950s, these sorts of titles on Newspaper Headlines from the magical year of 2015 would seem bizarre and strange for their infantilism.
I want there to be a new "Cool Socialist Grandpa" meme now.
Holy shit, every fucking r/politics thread I see has both sides saying r/politics has become the circlejerk of the other party. Will you fucking idiots start talking to each other and stop acting like the shit you're slinging smells any better than what you're getting hit with? It's fucking disgraceful. Ideological pigs left and right. The fate of our country is more important than your fucking ego.
man reddit is going to be so pissed when he loses
[deleted]
The first two words made me think of "Enter the Sandersman"
Can't believe the article that this one linked to, trying to knock Bernie Sanders record on gay marriage. Look, no one's acting like's Harvey Milk, but he's by FAR the candidate who  has been the biggest proponent for gay rights throughout his career. What a pathetic attempt to bring down Bernie.

[As Gay Rights Ally, Bernie Sanders Wasn’t Always in Vanguard]
(http://www.nytimes.com/2015/11/28/us/politics/as-gay-rights-ally-bernie-sanders-wasnt-always-in-vanguard.html)
That headline is fucking disgusting.
*cool socialist grandpa*
Do you suppose that he would be interested in being Hillary's VP? 

He won't get nominated but it would be a shame to loose his very meaningful and timely influence. 
The title reads like a Twilight Zone introduction
I think he's just a simple guy who studied politics his whole life.

I'm willing to give him 4 years to see what he can do?
Ok wtf kinda bullshit title is this 
It's unfortunate they had to go to the "grandpa" route on this one. His age is a serious issue for voters.
Does NYT still run non-editorial news? 
I agree with all of the above in the title ... and it's why I both like him and cannot vote for him.

Finally a likeable guy running for office ... and his politics don't match mine.  At least it's good to know there are some seemingly good guys left in politics.
Once again, they just don't get it.  Sanders' appeal is simply that he wants the US to follow the lead of the rest of the first world, which will soon be leaving us behind if we remain stuck in the 20th century.
What a shock, Mr. Sanders is getting the "Occupy Wallstreet treatment."
He got my vote
Great Grandpa more like it.
He's not cool.
Sanders needs to have ambition and moral certitude. He's a very honest man, but he can't be honest about just how unelectable if he wants to be . . . elected. 
I appreciate that they're actually covering Bernie Sanders, but could they take this a tad bit more seriously?  I mean, that title is *really* over the top.
Another day another annoying Bernie link.
That's it, I've now started to record every stupid political headline I come across. With how much of a joke amateur journalism currently seems, I should have over a hundred stashed by the end of the month.
All this logical discussion, and I only clicked on the link because I mis read the title as Enter Sandman, and thought it was going to be about a Metallica driven politician running for president.  Not going to lie, I was really excited and now kind of down about it. 
Will we BERN him at the stake? /s


The title sounds like the opening to an episode of the twilight zone.
Something something, The Twilight Zone!
Ah, the New York Times. Where the *real* people do the *real* thinking. Just ask Thomas Friedman and David Brooks.
/sarcasm

I deeply hope this piece puts the old rag on the wrong side of history when Mr. Sanders becomes president.
Why does he keep pushing the Socialist part?  I like this guy and what he says but nobody is going to vote for a self proclaimed Socialist.  
Doctors hate him!
Is this /r/circlejerk?
I read the beginning of the title as "enter sandman."
Those goddamn liberal snake people.
I love when politicians spend other peoples money.....smells like victory....victory...son. (Apocalypse Now reference)
I don't need the New York fucking times of all things acting like it's smarter than me
Article says he flip flopped on gay marriage, but fails to elaborate. Anyone know what it's talking about?
Socialism is a form of Communism.
Article uses socialist in title. 

Article uses tired phrase, "Self described socialist". in first paragraph.

Yup, Im not reading this shit article. 

Dear journalists: write about his policies for once.

And we have the winner for the "How many buzzwords can you fit in an article title?" award.
And yet his campaign is Off To Never Never Land.
I read the first sentence as "enter sandman"
Bernie or Bust.... Dear Bill Maher--- I'm not picking the rancid chicken, if I can't have the fish, I'm going to pick a nice GREEN PARTY salad.  Fuck Shilary! 
😂
Way back in the ancient days, we didn't make fun of grandpa. He was the only one who knew anything about the world, the despair of endless warfare, the cruelty of humanity, the wisdom of age.

I got an idea, let's elect Justin Bieber!
man I hate how hard it is for journalists to wake up out of their hive mind mentality. Bernie Sanders never switched positions on gay rights. Vermont was the first state in the country with civil unions. He is at the forefront of the gay rights movement and any argument against this is utter bullshit.

And, by far, Hillary Clinton's biggest weakness is foreign policy. And the only candidates with good foreign policy seem to be Sanders, O'Malley, Paul, and even Trump is excellent compared to the Republicans and Clinton.
apparently everyone but me loves bernie the bomber the guy who wants saudi arabia to rule the middle east.
Except Sanders isn't a Socialist. I thought it was just the Republicans but apparently most Liberals don't know what Socialism is, either.
Hopefully he can free us from the English and restore the french throne. 
Canadian here.  Does he actually have any chance against Hilary?
The New York Times really doesn't like Bernie Sanders. No surprise there if you've ever read through the Style or Real Estate section.
Socialist grandpa???? More like cool socialist Doc Brown.  
It doesn't hurt that the alternative is Ms. Clinton.  Who can get excited about another Clinton presidency?  Two rounds of Bushes wasn't enough?
Wow, they must have been puffing a lot before the published the puff piece. Talk about a Puff job.
It's little things like this "Still, the gentleman from Vermont has succeeded in neighboring New Hampshire, where he is virtually tied with Mrs. Clinton." that prove the MSM is in the bag for Clinton. He is virtually tied with Clinton? The link they provide shows that he is ahead of Clinton by a small amount which means SHE is virtually tied with HIM. Someone reading this who didn't know better would come away from this thinking Clinton was ahead...
Elections are still a year away and I'm fuckin' sick of hearing/reading about this dude. 
I don't think I've seen a bigger circle jerk of a title. Jesus Christ. 
Great grandpa
-Hilary Machine
This has to be a circlejerk title 
First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win?  At least I hope that's the case here.
Christ make it stop....
Oh look, sanders fluff piece in r/politics. Shocking. 
The author Emma Roller is obviously in Hillary's pocket, and is obviously ignorant of Bernie.

But then, she didn't spend years listening to "Breakfast with Bernie" every Friday on talk radio.
He still supports War.
He will be assassinated by old age.
he's jewish ...
I cannot wait to see the Sanders/Trump debates. Comedy gold, baby.
No, grandad cock punched wilhelm in the trenches of the arden. 
This op-ed had hope and then ...it all went down the drain. Why is the writer trying to create an ugly picture of the man, when there is no need to do so?
well, better than Aunt Hillary with Alzheimers constantly changing what she says and does. 
Yes, thank you, that excerpt is a good illustration of how silly all of this furor over someone who wasn't even a Democrat until a few weeks ago has become.
So "compromising," as in "constantly saying one thing then doing another and then completely changing what you say and do repeatedly whenever its expedient," like Hillary does, is more desirable because it "gets stuff done?"

Yeah, stuff the republicans want done. 
My favorite one yet: 

“Why do people take such an instant dislike to Ted Cruz? It just saves time.”

So, sorta like Fiorina, then.
This was a pretty shit regurgitation of an [excellent Bruni NYT piece](http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/02/opinion/anyone-but-ted-cruz.html?_r=1). Not sure what Burnt Orange added -- except for an exaggerated headline. Edit: Link, courtesy u/Craysh
Congratulations to the Honorable Ted Cruz, who has surpassed Bieber as the most disliked Canadian.
Just had Thanksgiving with someone who used to work with Cruz. He said basically everything that this article said. Arrogant, not a team player, abrasive, etc...
[This video automatically made me despise Cruz.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_K0sRkvX4KE)
I am far from a Cruz fan but the article read like a hit piece with no sources.
Shit, having to read his over-the-top hyperbolic emails when congress is in session makes ME hate him.

Seriously, it's like reading an Alex Jones newsletter. The enemy is always around the corner! This really bad thing didn't happen because we prayed but it could still happen! 
You don't have to work with Ted Cruz to despise him, all you have to do is listen to him for a few minutes. 
I've never even worked with the guy, and I despise him.
Best quote 

&gt; “Why do people take such an instant dislike to Ted Cruz? It just saves time.”
The quality of content lately here in /r/politics is deplorable. 

"Unlike what others may say, I consider Ted to be very kind. He is a very, very gentle-hearted person,” Panton told The Daily Beast. "He took me under his wing and was a mentor to me. He was very kind to me. I am a much smarter and much better person today because of Ted Cruz."

I don't like guy but it took 30 seconds to find somone who does.
I too do my political research on Buzzfeed-tier gossip sites
He is the love child of Sen. Joe McCarthy and Liberace.

Also, a total cunt.

At one of the debates, each candidate introduced him or herself to polite applause.

Except Cruz.

There was total silence.
The first time I can remember looking at an image of him, not knowing who he was, my immediate thought was "He's smiling as if he just whiffed his own truly rancid flatulence, and is eagerly waiting for everyone else in the room to start choking and gagging. Who is this guy?". 


Having learned about his politcs &amp; positions, that reaction makes perfect sense. 
This article is clearly biased and inaccurate. I've never worked with Ted Cruz and I despise him.
He's got generic closet transvestite villain face.
Very few faces epitomize the word "smarmy" like Ted Cruz's does.
I despise him personally, and yet still am offended by the cheapness of the article.

Thankfully, "Integrity" isn't a word that cares what party you vote for.
Cruz's popularity has more to do with the fact that most Republicans perceive their representatives as spineless lackeys that do Obama's bidding or a corporate schill. 
His face is so punchable.
He makes my blood boil. He is such a contemptible con man.
How does anybody look at this guy and say I trust him he says what he believes.
There is a trend here, and it's pretty clear. Conservatives prefer to be represented by dickheads; this  seems, to me, to be all about an overriding need to say, "Fuck you and all your progress and changes that make us confused and take power from us!" than about any desire for competent governance. 
One of those politicians I'm anxiously awaiting the day I never have to hear about ever again. Fuck Ted Cruz and fuck the people who vote for and support him. Backwards and ignorant fucking people.
If I had to pick one word that I think sums up how I feel about him I'd go with "smarmy".
I remember watching him on CSPAN just bash the establishment Republicans for their misdeeds and corruption once. I think, maybe, just maybe that's why they don't like him. Also, he was the Texas Solicitor General. That job position doesn't require an amiable personality, it get heated and you have to go head to head with a lot of people. 
C'mon people. Cruz is a good guy. He's not the goony demagogue people like me say he obviously is.
So Texas, are yoy going to re-elect Cruz in November 2016?
And yet Texans keep voting for Red Cruz - someone from Texas please explain why/how he is voted in and why Texans stay remarkably quiet when ever Ted speaks on behalf of their state.
i would love to talk to one of his highschool classmates&gt;&gt;I bet he was bullied and received swirlies daily.  Fuck yeah.
My pet theory is that Republicans are looking for the biggest asshole they can find. It sounds like Ted Cruz might be even more of an asshole than Donald Trump so he just might be their presidential candidate for the 2016 election.
I feel I intuitively knew all of those things in the article, based on his face alone
I hate him and never worked with him
My sister worked for the Texas DSHS.  She'd tell me stories of how Cruz would walk in to her office and start barking orders, thinking that he was the office workers' boss.  After a few minutes, he'd leave.  When he was out of earshot, the entire office would say disparaging things about him as their real boss stood there and smiled.
I have a family friend that works for a PR firm in DC, she says this about Santorum, and that Cruz is actually a nice guy.
He looks like a bad person
Really? Cause all I had to do was look at this face. 
With that look he always has on his face I'm really not surprised.
Cruz is like a power monger multiplied by a control freak and divided by common sense.
Trump is scary but ultimately unelectable and just an idiot in the end. Cruz, however...Cruz is intelligent and the most evil candidate in the race. He'll say whatever is necessary to pander to his ultra conservative base AND will lie to the regular voter by saying he is for the middle class all while supporting policies (such as trickle down economics) which do the most to hurt that segement of the population. 
And everyone who has seen his face wants to slap it.

Ted Cruz, the most slappable man in Washington. 
My favorite post about him of all time:

"The Senate is a personal platform for him, not a position to perform well in delivering the best possible results for Texans or Americans at large. Thank goodness voters found out early on that his fixation is with fame and not with tending to the real needs of the country."

http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/right-turn/wp/2014/12/15/the-art-of-never-compromising/
Just looking at him while he speaks makes me cringe.
Well duh! Just look at his face and expressions, just looking at him pisses me off!
I'm a white Texan Christian that typically leans Conservative. I'm voting for Bernie this round. Cruz is a douche. I hate that so many people like me in Texas are sucked in by idiots like Cruz, Carson, Bush, and Trump. Of course I feel the same about my normally level headed cousin from Seattle that's all over the Hillary crazy train. 
If you liked OP's post, here are some other hard-hitting political blog posts for you:

[Bernie Sanders Smells Like Urine and Old Man Farts](https://news.google.com/news/section?cf=all&amp;pz=1&amp;topic=n&amp;siidp=69a51d618a8b2148dd39c1eaf5d8abd184f9)

[Hillary Clinton Doesn't Replace the Toilet Paper Roll](https://news.google.com/news/section?cf=all&amp;pz=1&amp;topic=n&amp;siidp=69a51d618a8b2148dd39c1eaf5d8abd184f9)

[Donald Trump Has Never Tipped His Groomer](https://news.google.com/news/section?cf=all&amp;pz=1&amp;topic=n&amp;siidp=69a51d618a8b2148dd39c1eaf5d8abd184f9)
roundly disliked. its unanimous; he's a thoroughbred asshole.
Doesn't surprise me... I've never even met him and I despise him...
Basically he's an asshole
I've never worked for Ted Cruz, and *I* despise him.  I can only imagine being one of his employees.
Somehow this article doesn't surprise me in the least, I met so many officers of his attitude in the military and those were the ones an enlisted man would happily toss off the back of a C-141, without the a parachute.
He sounds like a person who would jack off to his own appearances on TV. 

"oh, I'm so great." fapfapfapfapfap
His campaign will just turn a reputation like this into a positive.

"Look, established politicians hate him, and we all know established politicians are evil, so he must be doing something right"

The people that vote for guys like this believe the government is evil, so the more other politicians badmouth him, the more attractive he will become. (The enemy of my enemy is my friend)
&gt;They grant him all of the virtues that you’ve observed, but tell you that he’s the antithesis of a team player. His thirst for the spotlight is unquenchable. His arrogance is unalloyed. He actually takes pride in being abrasive, as if a person’s tally of detractors measures his fearlessness, not his obnoxiousness.

You can see all of this on his face. It's right there, in every single expression he makes. Thing is? Republican voters like this. They mistake arrogance for ability on a very consistent basis. 
I've never worked w him and I despise him.  I can't even stand to seem him speak.
Never met the guy and I despise him.

...and I hate he's one of my senators.
I just did some googling and never even realized John McCain wasn't born in the USA.  How come I never heard of this during all the birther arguments?!  I love it when I meet a birther.  It's kind of scary but such a curiosity.  Like running into a wild boar in the forest too furiously attempting to give himself a blowjob to notice you.
I seriously read the quotes about him as if it was an Onion article. Is it legit? lol
He's like that guy on Seinfeld that Elaine promoted so she wouldn't have to see him anymore. 
Sorry I'm late to the party but this guy was born in Canada? Doesn't that make him ineligible for candidacy because he was not born on American soil? 
Honestly speaking, the republicans have done a great job at alienating all constituents except white america. That's why they are not going to win. furthermore there platform is built on fear mongering and pan handling to xenophobia. They haven't had a charismatic runner since whom.. Ronnie?  No to say Democrats are perfect either... but wow.. with candidates that like Trump and the gang, its a no wonder Dem's are going to sweep the election....

Does anyone else thing Ted Cruz is the real life embodyment of Tim Calhoun?

http://i.imgur.com/P29auYp.jpg
I've never worked with him and I still don't like him.
Plenty of people that haven't worked with him also despise him.
Ted Cruz is the living embodiment of literary character, Elmer Gantry.
Am I the only one who finds it hard to believe he is brilliant and him getting into Harvard isn't some sort of fluke? I'd love to him debate someone from the left to get a better idea of his skill.

Yesterday's Daily Show did a pretty excellent ["take down" of Cruz](http://www.cc.com/episodes/95di1k/the-daily-show-with-trevor-noah-december-3--2015---idris-elba-season-21-ep-21032) I believe his former college roommate said something like 
&gt; "Ted Cruz is a nightmare of a human being.......but truthfully 99% of why I hate him is his personality. If he agreed with me on every issue, I would only hate him 1% less." 
I think it's his sincere belief that he is morally superior to all other people.
The roommate quote is my favorite. Cruz must have peed in his Cheerios.
Everytime I see his mug I actually want to vomit.
As does the electorate…he is simply too creepy-looking, to be elected President. Nobody wants to look at that guy, every day, for the next four years.
Well duh. He acts like a spoiled little shit in public, how do you think he is in private?
I love that W quote. Holy Crap, Cruz is worse than I realized. 
I find this hard to believe./s
I'm a long time Republican, so I'll start by saying that. However, Cruz is everything that is wrong with our party right now.  Too many people think that you have to be and asshole to be president. Cruz and Trump are the prime examples of this.  Meanwhile, nice guys like Kasich don't even get a look, despite his sterling record of accomplishment. At least Rubio still has some traction.  

The fact that GWB would go on record saying that he doesn't like Cruz should say enough about him.  Bush is a true Texas gentleman and it's very rare for him to publicly say negative things about other politicians. 
how can he claim to be an outsider when he's been working in politics for at least 15 years?  
Sounds like a true narcissist.
Lets be honest here. No republican is going to win this election unless Jesus Christ himself steps into the race. Even then, he's probably not even running as republican. 
He looks like grampa munster as well.  Someone should put a stake through his heart... If he had one.  
Now watch this fly to the top of r/politics while the confirmation of yesterdays shooting being islamic terrorism continues to be ignored.
"Everyone"....

Glad to see the standards remain high here


This is about the kind of BS headline I expect when I come here nowadays
Don't forget people who have read about him or seen him on the news.
everyone???
Fuck you guys I'm awesome 
So what you're saying is Bieber is no longer the most hated Canadian in the US. 
Looks like retired past hidden cheap porn actor
I can't stand the man and I barely know him. I assume the more you know about him, the less there is to like.
Ted Cruz is the little kid who breaks the lamp and then shamelessly points at you when the parents ask who did it.
Sigh... ok Reddit it's time come clean. Ted cruise is a relative of mine. Everyone's ecstatic about a family member running for president but nobody will vote for him. Quote from my uncle "Im reappy excited and all but.. I don't think I can vote for this asshole." Its a strange feeling knowing that if he wins it would impact my life in ways I can't imagine both good and bad but for the country I really hope that doesn't happen.
I've never even worked with this particular sociopathic Dominionist and I despise him. I guess that's what happens when you don't give a fraction of a fuck about other human beings. 
Any rational person that isn't an ignorant misogynist xenophobic homophobic fanatic despises Cruz. 

The worst of the lunatic religious right love him, he's the "messiah" they've been waiting for. Someone should ask him in a debate if he's sharing the massive transfer of wealth he's supposed to arrange in the soon to come End Times. 
How come r/politics post are like bitch-slaps? Oh, wait, I know.
I have never worked with the dude, and *I* despise him....
And that's OK with me.  
I thought you had to be born in the US to be President?
As do many people who haven't ever worked with him.
Every news I go to says negative things about this guy, so I don't know if I have just been programmed well or not.  I don't like him.

In his defense...  He is one of the few that state we should leave dictators alone in the Middle East.  He thinks a strong dictator keeps the bad elements from grouping up there.  He disagreed, with the overthrow of Iraq's, Egypt's, Libya's, &amp; Syria's dictators.  
This is the final piece of evidence to once and for all prove my theory that Ted Cruz is secretly a goblin. He was born with a rare goblin skin disease, which made him look almost human. At least enough so that he lives as a human and runs for human government. 
and people who have not worked with him too
Ted Cruz is a disgusting individual... I don't have to have worked with him to already see that.
plot twist: everyone who despises him, have worked with him! :O
The thing that gets me is the look on his face, It seems like he is being smug, condescending and somehow that he doesn't believe what he is saying.


 I don't know how he manages all that but that's my takeaway from seeing him talk about anything.
Just look at his face.
Everyone ever, huh? Doubt it. 
Jesus this article starts off in the most biased way possible "As the Republican clown car of presidential candidates continues to merrily roll along." Republican or democrat or whatever this makes me not even want read the article. 
The first time I can remember looking at an image of him, not knowing who he was, my immediate thought was "He's smiling as if he just whiffed his own truly rancid flatulence, and is waiting for everyone else in the room to start choking and gagging. Who is this guy?". 


Having learned about his politcs &amp; positions, that reaction makes perfect sense. 
Wasn't there an article a while back that Booker and Cruz get along despite their massive ideological differences?
And many of us who have never worked with him, too!
He reminds me of a French puppet. Not sure why.
I don't like him because he looks like robbie rotten from lazy town.
Fucking Ted!
I have been really impressed.  I thought this clip showed him to be incredibly gracious when he was interviewing the President of the Sierra Club.  http://youtu.be/d4baOeuRDK8

He unites us against him.
TIL: Ted Cruz is the Ashley Judd of American Politics.
He's the political version of Dave from Storage Wars.
Even in Houston we know pretty well that he's not particularly popular in Austin. He *really* strikes me as a Frank Underwood prototype sometimes but would have been *too* stereotypical for the show.
So do most of us who haven't.
What does he do that is so abrasive?
That checks out. I've never worked for the guy but feel the same way.
I despise him, and I've never worked for nor met him, and have no desire to do either.
He strikes me as a creepy looking(and sounding) dude.
I've never worked with Ted Cruz and I despise him. Pretty sure you dont have to work with Ted Cruz to despise him.
This subject line is the clickbait for al clickbaits. Political commentary has become worse than TMZ
Perfect, I despise everyone he's worked around.
The amount of shit posting on this sub is astonishing. 


How childish are you people? 
It's kind of amazing he has a career at all considering he is essentially the opposite of what a politician is
This is not what I have heard at all. The lobbyist in my office who knows most all of the Texas Congressional Offices says Cruz's Senate Staff loves working for him because he treats them well. Will hangout with them during down time, and if one of them gets an opportunity to make real money he will go above and beyond what is required to make them look good to potential employers.  
He has the most punchable face in the candidate field.  Trump is a close second.
Hillary 2016
Geez, as a Democrat who's registered to vote as a Republican, this makes it really hard to choose which candidate to vote for in the Republican primary so I can help guarantee the Republican's will lose the Presidential election.

So many quality choices . . . I just can't decide.
Ted Cruz is the fakest of all politicians, it's sad how many people are being duped by him.
The same has been said about Hillary. 
Everyone? Hyperbole much?
The parallels with Joe McCarthy are  astounding. 
Now put this into the context that Cruz is beating several Republican candidates still running, not to mention those that already dropped out.
No, this article isn't biased at all. Eat it up, lemmings.
Of course the author wrote this so negatively, her views are much more left than those of Cruz. I've met Cruz and my impression of him and his staff was rather positive.

http://www.burntorangereport.com/diary/author/katiesingh
Feel the bernnn! Amirite, guys? Man, I suuuurrrreee am informed but not ignorant! Down with the burg 1%! 

Dolts. I can be called one myself, I suppose, but I try to keep the negative consequences of my actions to a minimum, not ruin an entire country.

Political matters suck. Always have. Putting an innocent-looking old guy who promises you free stuff in one of the most powerful offices in the US is a regrettable misstep. For you, possibly, but definitely for posterity. Pennance for our sins shouldn't be suicide. 

I believe my country has brought more good to the world than evil. That means more than you may think, for our leaders, past and present, have carried out unspeakable acts. 

Sanders would quicken the decline of the intuitive, inventive free-market that has made us great. 

Political stuff is disgusting. 
Google "John Kasich jerk" and you'll find a lot of similar stories about him. Although I think the common denominator here is *Republican*. It turns out having assholish views about the world probably means you're an asshole.
I'm glad we can all rally around hating someone.
Watched the daily show did ya? (Who am I kidding, you're a redditor, of course you have.)
If you stuffed his body in a rocket and launched him into space..

Would that be a Cruz Missile?
Who/what the fuck is "burnt orange" and what credibility do they have?  We all know Bruni ant the NYT. They are PR organs of the Dem party. But Burnt Orange?
And Hillary is a sweet innocent misunderstood Grandma who's never said an unkind word... Amazing.
Everyone?  Sounds more like gossip than a fact.  
I'm not a Cruz fan, but this title seems more like clickbait, than good journalism.
They key words we can use to tip the reader off that this is just a hit piece is " Clown Car" to take out a top Republican.
The fact that this comes out the day the new polls showing Cruz is now trailing Trump is very telling that Cruz may be the guy that emerges to be the Republican front runner.  Clearly a lot of people like Cruz or he wouldn't be rising in the polls so fast. He is saying the things conservatives   want to hear in a candidate especially about Terrorism and that lack of ability for Democrats to figure out and name what a terrorist attack looks like even as the recent Islamic terror attack is plastered all over the media. 
Anyone with a fully functioning brain despises Ted Cruz. He's the biggest blowhard in D.C.
I never worked with him and I hate him too.
Ted Cruz got called out by his former boss W, and it's practically impossible to get Bush these days to say anything mean about anyone. It's been a couple months since his fellow Republicans have listened to him, especially in the Senate where they literally prevented him from speaking.  He's a complete afterthought in this election. Why on earth do left leaning news sources and their viewers/readers still have such a raging hard on for this guy?  Talk about an unhealthy obsession....

First line of the article:

&gt;As the Republican clown car of presidential candidates 

Stopped there and saved myself the nausea of reading another smug liberal smear article recommended by Reddit which doesn't even try to hide its bias.
Why don't his supporters notice what a flaming queen he is? 
&gt;As the Republican clown car of presidential candidates continues to merrily roll along


Yeah article isn't biased at all, the dems candidates are just a smaller clown car
Ahhh, yellow journalism at it's finest.
Much like Monica Lewinski's ex-boyfriend's wife.
He's like a wind up doll politician with the most punchable face on earth
This is because he attacks his fellow party members for straying from the republican ideology.

You can't really blame him as the republican party is atrocious these days. Most republicans become democrats in office after all.

The dude is a genius though and the smartest guy running in this election.
Because he wants a smaller government and get rid of the NSA?
Why am I not surprised.
This is like watching a political attack ad on television. Except it cost a few pennies instead of thousands of dollars.
Not to defend the man, but if any of us were to run for political office, i'm sure we'd find people who hate us. Even if its just one or two people, you can be sure they'd want a microphone in their face.

 Its like the whole problem when people make gaffe's. Of course people make mistakes. I mispronounce words and misspell stuff every day. Now with mikes and journalists around these guys 24-7 no wonder they catch every little thing. Sure its great, but the problem is that when everyone has a voice, then everyone, even folks who just have an ax to grind, can be heard. 

Not saying it shouldn't be reported, but just take it with a grain of salt. I'm sure every candidate in both parties has people who dislike them and would tell the media so.
The article's sources were very flimsy. It's a great read if you already hate Ted Cruz though. 
Thing is he was the better of two evils it was either him or David Duherst who was such a jackass he never had a chance. Example http://dailycaller.com/2012/07/24/dewhurst-super-pac-ad-cruz-responsible-for-mans-suicide-video/
&gt; He actually takes pride in being abrasive, as if a person’s tally of detractors measures his fearlessness, not his obnoxiousness.

Sounds like LBJ.
Article about an article? Here is the orginal:

http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/02/opinion/anyone-but-ted-cruz.html?referer=&amp;_r=1
Well, yeah, I mean... just look at him. That's easily the most punchable face I've ever seen.
How can you like that shit eating canadian face 
What part of the ass crack of the country does this guy keep on getting votes from?  How is he able to still keep getting elected? 
It's appalling that a literal character assassination piece has been linked here.
This surprises no one!
He's a textbook psychopath. (shrug)
Insurance companies hate him. Iowa drivers love him.
What about his wife?
I imagine it doesn't help that I've never seen a picture of him where he didn't look like he was trying to win gold in the 'World's smuggest man' tournament.
Huh. A narcissistic politician. Who'da thunk it?
Not hyperbolic or anything
Why not post the original piece from the New York Times? It was so much better written.
Not sure using the fact that politicians don't like Cruz is a bad thing. If the public pretty much hates politicians, isn't your enemy's enemy your ally in this case? Doesn't that make him the anti-politician the public probably would champion? Full disclosure, I think he's a tool bag. 
To be fair... everyone who worked with Steve Jobs also despised him, didn't make him bad at his job. 
I love Reddit, but the more time I spend on it nearing election time, the more I realize how one-sided and biased the articles are. And we all make fun of foxnews like Reddit isn't doing the same thing
What a reddity headline.
Everyone who has worked for Bill Clinton has to keep a friend around.
I didn't have to work with him to despise him
a good thing i'll never have to work with him.

jokes apart, some people may be perfect assholes and a pain in the ass to work with but very efficient. i'm not necessarily talking about him.
every day this subreddit hits a new low.  
Yeah, but the same thing is true about Hillary.
[deleted]
He must be doing something right if he is getting all of this liberal hate.
I'm sure lazy people don't like working with me because I'm thorough and expect a lot. Not sure that means I'm bad at my job.
Or, for example, "Everyone Who Has Ever Worked With *Steve Jobs* Despises Him" - I don't think many would debate his successes.  This is a pretty common complaint of many leaders by their subordinates and co-workers.  Reading the article, there's plenty who worked with Obama who thought exactly the same thing about him.
Difficult to fight her on that,... and anything else for that matter. 
I'm not a socialist or a democrat, but if Bernie wins... I'd still be happy. He loves America, has good intentions (Even if I don't agree with some ideas) and most importantly, he is not a puppet of asshole corporations.
Saw this from my front page, honestly thought this was a link to /r/circlejerk
Why is this political news? Why should I care about what some athlete thinks. I get that Reddit loves Rousey but come on.
Not trolling or trying to be a smart ass, but honestly, why should we care who ronda rousey is backing for the presidency?
I legitimately though this was a post on r/circlejerk for a minute there.
Trump take corporate money from anyone as well. However, the difference between Bernie and Trump is that Trump is the physical embodiment of corporate America.
Neither does Trump. In fact, he requested the superpacs that are supporting him close down. But neither of those traits qualify him for the presidency, nor do they qualify Sanders.
Two large reddit circles just merged in an orgy of joy.
Well then if a MMA fighter says so ... I'm on board.  Just gotta wait and see what the local bodega operator thinks too then I'll be 100% sure.


I wonder if Hillary is going to address this publicly. Say something condescending and passive aggressive. You know, something about how they both have a vagina, and they're both "fighters." 
I feel like even though there are hundreds of comments in this thread, there are only two.
At least thisll pull some of those idiots away from Hillary who just give her the vote because she's a woman..
Do we need to remind everyone that she bought into the Sandy hook truther conspiracy bullshit?

I'm also a Bernie supporter, just saying.
All of my Republican friends are devasted and are now trying to boycott watching her fight.  Bunch of idiots, those guys...
WHO THE HELL CARES 
BUT WHERE IS JA?!
Is Reddit turning into Star Magazine now? This isn't noteworthy at all.


This breaks the reddit.
But what about ja rule?
Ronda Rousey announces she's voting for Bernie:

&gt;She's one of the best fighters on the planet! Women look up to her! I didn't think I could like her any more than I already did!

Rona Rousey announces she's voting for Hillary:

&gt;Ugh, figures. Maybe she should vote with her brain and not with her sex organs. Who cares what an MMA fighter thinks about the presidential election anyway?
Yet Donald Trump doesn't take money from anyone.
And if this didn't happen a long time ago, r/politics has truly managed to jump the shark for me.  As much as I love Bernie, I am looking forward to when he is out of the race and we can have more serious discussions again and less fluff.
This is why reddit is a joke.  Real articles on actual issues are ignored while TMZ news of the day is upvotes magnet.

Oh, wait, she is an expert on politics.  she did drop out of high school, but she managed to obtain her GED.  Everyone listen to her.
Neither does Trump....

But I have a feeling this sub doesn't want to hear that
&gt; “I don’t think politicians should be allowed to take money for their campaigns from outside interests.”

wait, is the Sanders campaign now refusing donations from union members?
Who give a F who she is voting for?
I wonder if she sent that comment via text message using her Metro PCS smartphone on super-fast, 4G, LTE on the nationwide T-Mobile Network. 
anyone else sickened by this celebrity obsessed culture where we pour over the brain droppings and farts from anyone with media exposure ? no ? I must be on reddit then... 
K.
“I’m voting for Bernie Sanders, because he doesn’t take any corporate money” said Ronda who is endorsed by Reebok, Metro PCS, Monster headphones, Buffalo David Bitton and Carl’s Jr.

You know, I was just thinking about this while sitting on the toilet...

On a day when Hillary Clinton gained two more endorsements from a Senator and a representative... those news stories get downvoted so quickly nobody even has a chance at seeing it.

But this, Ronda Rousey says she's voting for Sanders and it nearly breaks reddit. Front page, thousands of upvotes, hundreds of comments, etc.

It really shows the lack of understanding your average Reddit user has when it comes to politics, the lack of depth for what really matters demonstrated so clearly.

It's pathetic to be honest.
well by that reasoning she would vote for Donald Trump too. 
She should be his security guard, he probably wouldn't have any problems being interrupted.
Good girl. 
This is one person, with one preference/opinion, exhausting her right to free speech and freedom of expression.

I suppose we'll be down here getting all offended then.
Doesn't corporate money pay her bills?
Last I saw, Bernie Sanders was still taking money from Unions... but that is ok, because well uh....it just is jerks...


Hoooooollllllllyyyyyy shit. Welp boys. Let's grab some lotion and circle up
Who the fuck cares about who Ronda Rousey backs?
I didn't think I could like Ronda Rousey more.
by the same argument she could have said trump. wonder what redditors would say about her then haha! 
To everyone on this thread who bleats out "what a hypocrite,  Rhonda takes corporate money": last time I checked,  she was not influencing or controlling even minor policy decisions that might shape your future or mine. She beats people up for a living. She's not running for president. People have been making money from that for a long time. Citizen's United is a recent thing, and Rhonda has it right.

If you don't understand the huge difference there, keep electing oligarchs. They truly have your best interests at heart.
Wow the Reddit Hillary Defense force is working overtime today.
I care what Ronda Rousey thinks about politics like I care what Sanders thinks of MMA...
Non story.
Unlike Ronda Rousey, who takes corporate money by the wheelbarrow.
Rousey domestically abused a former boyfriend and now dates a guy who beats girls. Nice endorsement for Sanders. 
Make sense that she would back the only real fighter.
So when he drops out, will she support Trump?
Neither is Trump.
So that's not the only reason.
It's probably because she's an idiot.
....she said as she cashed her massive exclusive Reebok check and backstage bonus from the UFC just minutes after crushing a girl who made 20,000.
Isn't it sad when celebrity endorsements end up meaning more than stances on real issues.
Neither does Donald Trump
Note: there are 1,000 other stories on Reddit.  If you don't like one in particular, ignore it or downvote and move on.  People getting offended by this are part of what is wrong with America today.  Suck it up, you'll live.  I don't care if you don't like it. Either contribute to the discussion or move on.  Bellyaching is not contributing.
Her opinion is as relevant as Clint Eastwood's was when he endorsed a republican candidate. Let's not get carried away here guys
I wonder how her corporate sponsors will feel about that.
Neither does Trump
Who cares?  She gets punched in the face for a living.  She has as much political savvy as any average Jane.
Why does anyone give two shits about what any athlete or celebrity thinks about politics.   They are so far removed from the reality that normal working individuals live.  If you put amy stock into what they think then YOU are what's wrong with this country and it's politics. 
Ha. 

I wonder how much she got from Reebok for her last fight?
OH MY GOD. WHO. THE. HELL. CARES? This bitch is a boxer, who cares who she's voting for..
Oh boy Rhonda Rousey supports Bernie. And she's the hottest thing on Reddit. That means we should vote for Bernie too, right? 
Bernie Sanders: the type of guy who always complains in restaurants about his soup not being hot enough.
Who cares about celebrity endorsements? Celebrities are uninformed assholes, just like the rest of us...the only exception is that they have a platform.
But doesn't she know Hillary is a woman!!!
who the fuck cares about celebrity endoresments
I'd like to see someone argue that politicians taking corporate money is a good thing for this country. Feel the bern, bitches.
Ronda likes how Bernie will fight for the common man and income equality by telling businesses and individuals what they can and can not buy and what price they may charge for their product under threat of imprisonment, fines or both.

Bernie 2016 
I guess that's not a bad reason to vote for him. I understand this is a good endorsement for him but I also can't imagine why the fuck anyone cares who a professional fighter thinks should be the next president. 
Am... am I even more attracted to her than I am now?
I'm voting for Bernie Sanders, so Ronda Rousey doesn't beat me up.
Respect to Rousey! Register to vote in your states primary election people. 
Sanders 2016!
That's who I want to follow in opinions, Is a person who takes punches to the head repeatedly. 
Who cares who an MMA fighter is voting for?
One more reason for me to love her
Good, one more on board. It's time to stop giving corporations a free ride and start making sure ordinary citizens have a fair opportunity to make their american dream come true.
Oh, good, I usually wait for the big name fighters to come out in support before I truly get behind a candidate.
I'm going to vote for Sanders so Ronda Rousey doesn't beat me up. I suggest you do the same.
Bernie Sanders 2016. Ronda Rousey seems as strong in the mind as she is in body. No surprise there if she trains her mind anywhere near as hard as she CLEARLY trains her body.
at the risk of starting the complaining about complaining fractal of doom, why are people coming into this thread to complain about how irrelevant this is? No one is forcing you to read the article, or even the headline. I don't watch MMA, so I don't have an informed opinion of her as a performer or a person. I do agree with her stance, though. If the only people who are allowed to have political opinions are people who "matter" or are "important," Donald Trump would not be doing well in the polls, but here we are.
Don't cry, Hillary.  Don't cry.
*joyous backflip*
I'm with Rousey for the same reason. And so much more. Saunders just has the right ideas and I believe he can get those things done. 
And...she will retire from big pay days before he is elected.

I wonder how much of her money is in tax sheltered vehicles.
She also prefers to use Charmin toilet paper because it feels soft on her buttocks.
Ronda Rousey + Bernie?

This may break reddit.
and here I thought she was smart, strong and confident.

well I guess 2 out of 3 isn't too bad.
She's a truther and an idiot
Well, Bernie does take money from Reebok, but it's only like $2000 a show and he can't wear any other sponsors so it doesn't add up to much.
Maybe Bernie will make Roseanne Barr his Vice President.  Dream Team!
I would just like to point out that "the Donald" doesn't either.
Trump doesn't either. Join the club lmao
I should care because she is a good fighter?  Wait, who is Mike Tyson voting for?  That guy was deadly in the ring.
When a celebrity endorses Sanders, who benefits more, Sanders, or the celebrity's brand?
Reddit triple supreme boner: Activated.
Why do you care what a fighter thinks, or any celebrity for that matter?
where were you when the memes took over
She will equally distribute her fists into your face.
No one cares..the 3000 idiots who upvoted this just saw the names rousey and Sanders and blindly upvoted. This isn't political news. 
This is the Redditest thing I've seen today. US Elections + Ronda
Who cares
what a bold stance... you have to be a real fighter to jump on the handout parade that is the Sanders campaign.
I'm so glad I know who she supports now. 
nan
Vote or Die....oh wait
go ahead......tell her she's stupid.....
And a million conservative hearts just broke. 
Who's Ja Rule voting for tho, that's what the people want to know.
Why do we care who she would vote for at all? Does she have a background in law or  economics? 
FEEL THE BERN.
If she said she supports Hillary, Trump or anyone else would it have been such a big post? 
I'd let Rowdy Ronda Rousey endorse me! Endorse me! Endorse me!
As someone from the UK, I'd say he's the best one for it. Clinton is a puppet with very little knowledge of the real world, Trump is ... Well, I'm still astonished he has even one voter! The rest aren't even worth mentioning really. He's the only one who seems to genuinely give a damn about the US citizens rather than corporations and invoking war. 
She feels the Bern
I like Rousey and Sanders, but her supporting him is meaningless to me. I couldn't care less which candidate support except in the instances where they support someone reprehensible like Trump, in which case I'd think much less of them. 
I loathe that they didn't put it in the title... In fairness, CNN backs Hilary pretty hard, so this is totally in an effort to mask that.
I dislike Hilary...and apparently so does Rousey.
She has elevated herself to a super sexy girl human level that is real. If she could bank the genuine level of love/lust,  she would so deserve that treasure. 
Most humanitarian nation...?

Well, how many Syrian refugees have we granted asylum, again?
Sanders should make her head of his security detail.  Guarantee no one invades a stage he's on every again. 
Legitimately don't know who this is but it has a lot of upvotes so I'm assuming she's some kind of celebrity. 
Eh, I trust Ronda to bash heads in, and to smack-talk like a champ.  Not sure I give a damn about her political preferences.  I mean, I know she's all conspiracy theorist, and that's a big red flag for her ability to think straight, IMO.

Still voting Bernie, though.  I don't take stopped watches advice on the time, but when it's 4:38pm, it's 4:38pm.
Can she even vote for him for senator?
She is truly the internet's daughter... 
Oh shit.  That's gonna get out to a lot of followers.
The esteemed *Time* magazine has a whole article about an interview in *Maxim* magazine about the presidential choice of a popular entertainer?



I mean, I *like* Rousey and Sen. Sanders, but is this "news" or "entertainment news?"
/r/politics top posts are now celebrities who endorse candidates, cool.
Bernie Sanders + Ronda Rousey = Reddit meltdown
Sanders/Rousey 2016. Unstoppable ticket right there
if that were the case, she'd be voting for trump in the general election (since he will be there, not taking corporate money, but bernie won't be).
Is the top comment that no one gives a shit? Because no one gives a shit. 
Who? 
Also believes George Bush bombed the Twin Towers, and Obama staged Sandy Hook. She'll fit right in with you losers
"I'm voting for Bernie, because he doesn't take corporate money... Unlike me... I love that sweet corporate goodness"
i love this woman. 
*Corporate money? PISH POSH!* 

*Can't you see it's the liberals who want to wash* 

*away all your rights?*

*your freedoms?* 

*your life, make you rot?*

*corporate money in politics? An issue? Oh my gosh*

Bernie Sanders took money from Osama Bin Ladin to vote against the Iraqi War. Don't be a sheeple

ITT: People who only think paid political pundits are qualified to give their opinion.
Why doesn't she support Donald Trump? 

Trump is the only candidate that wants to BAN super Pacs... 
Neither does Trump.
you have to be blind to believe sanders isnt funded in some part by a corporate entity.

or it just means that even businesses dont trust him.
70% of the country owns a small business.
Oh my god, reddit is going to explode
Sanders is popular with high school dropouts like her.
Who gives a fuck
I knew I loved that bitch.
Big bad corporations...

The same ones that gives her sponsor checks.

Fight Cyborg please.
Still both a 9/11 and sandy hook truther. And still dating a wife beater. Kinda sick of her little circle jerk here...
Another reason to love Ronda Rousey! She's not only a badass, she's well informed.
Yeah but who is Ja Rule voting for???
I thought this was an /r/circlejerk post at first...
Thank god, Ronda Rousey is the acceptable voice of reason now of days...
what's the fetisisation of rhonda rousey all about? I see people hanging onto her every word. There are reddit posts, youtube videos around her every word. Anti femenists were posting videos how she "smacked down" a feminist who asked her about gender pay gap as she responded that she makes more money than lots of high profile male fighters.
He's bought and paid for just like every other politician on the national scene.
Link to twitter post?
Neither does Trump
Well she can beat people up and is pretty hot, so you know her political shit must be on point
To be fair, Donald Trump doesn't take corporate money.
Was Katy Perry's Hillary endorsement posted here? 

What about the Pawn Stars guy for Rubio? 

This isn't news. 
Eh, not particularly newsworthy. I mean, I'm glad she likes Bernie, but I don't see why her opinion should be any more valid than an average person's.
I fucking hate single issue voters.
Who fucking cares why is this news 
Neither does Donald Trump lol

But of course, anyone that expresses support for him is instantly considered a nutjob.
Who is this? And why do I care?
Trump doesn't take any money whether corporate or private.
lol this is front page political news?  really?  
Finally, the last piece of the puzzle for me to fully back Bernie! All I needed to know was that Ronda Rousey wants him as the president. Because she is a famous MMA fighter and she is cool!
And thought she couldn't get reddit circlejerking any harder. Turns out I was wrong.
why the fuck is this on /r/politics?
Rousey is not a smart person. She is a truther. Nothing she says should be listened to. Unless that something is a physical threat. 
I agree with her choice; I intend to vote for Bernie as well.  That said,  and with all due respect to Ms. Rousey, in what way do her political opinions matter in the slightest?  She's a fighter, not a politician, not an academic, not anything in any way qualifying her opinion to carry any more weight than anyone else's in this matter.  Frankly, I expect more from TIME, and I have to say I'm disappointed.  This isn't news, it's celebrity gossip.  They might as well lose the first three letters of their name.
I mean that's great... I like Sanders too but, why does her opinion matter? 
Well, since a random fighter says it....on to the front page!
Umm Ben &amp; Jerry's? Last time I saw, they gave him money. 
She's an idiot. Just because she's famous for beating other people up doesn't mean I care about her political opinions. She has a horrible track record with political views and hypocrisy. 
Who gives a fuck? This is one of the major problems with Politics.

&lt;Celebrity&gt; endorses &lt;Candidate&gt;.

Whoop dee fuckin doo. What makes them qualified to rule in on candidates? Maybe if she was Astrophysics Black Guy I'd care, or Iron Musk, you know, people who are contributing to the advancement of society and have valid industries effected by the political climate. A UFC fighter like Rhonda Rousey's opinion on politics carries about as much weight as Parris Hiltons.
How many corporate endorsements does Rousey have?
&gt;  “I don’t think politicians should be allowed to take money for their campaigns from outside interest"

So are big unions not outside interests?
Bernie is a man of the people!
Well, neither does Donald Trump.
By that logic, why isn't she a Trump supporter? 
Why the fuck do you people care who a professional fighter is endorsing? 
Neither did Ron Paul. 
Ronda and Bernie have one thing in common - They're both undefeated.
Can't wait until this Bernie Sanders meme dies
So can we petition her to put a Bernie logo on her shorts or something for her next fight? Think of how many people it would reach! 
She's amazing... what else can you say.
Yeah but, who would Ja vote for? 
Shes a wimp.   Figures she likes Bernie
Bill o'reilly repeatedly called Dr Tiller the baby killer. Bill basically went on air and called Dr Tiller a baby killer and when was someone going to do something about it. Then Bill acts all shocked when a psycho goes out and kills the Dr. The same logic goes for nancy grace and the confirmed two suicides shes caused by using language like calling a woman who lost her child in a stupid accident "vodka mom".

These loser talking heads actually have some power and influence over a lot of weak minded people

Edit: Wow thank you for the gold.
There's something I've been wondering for a while, and I hope this comment doesn't go unnoticed. I'd love some help. 

Something I've noticed, as I watch the Republican debates and fox news,  is just how much they talk about abortion and planned parenthood.  It's a major election time  issue that they constantly revisit. There was one debate where it was seemingly just Planned Parenthood and Iran. 

Compared to the following democratic debate where these 2 topics only very briefly came up, the rest was dominated by education, economy, prison reform, and health care.

So what I'm wondering is this: is the amount of time and importance that the GOP and right news networks give to abortion/PP truly indicative of the issues the GOP voting base value as most important? 

There are something like 300-350,000 abortions performed per year in the USA. So when it comes down to it, I'd say abortion isn't something that's really prevalent in most America's lives, rather it's something they come in contact with through their TV or Internet or media.


By contrast, given the prison population, way more Americans know someone or are someone who have dealt with the prison system or law enforcement. 

Or know someone struggling with paying for school. 

Paying for Healthcare or finding a doctor. 

Worried about the public school system their kid is a part of. 

Know someone struggling with their mortgage, or finding a job. 

Etc  etc etc. 

So why would abortion be such a huge important issue to these people, and why aren't we seeing more of the GOP politicans regularly discussing things that would seemingly be more relevant to everyone? 

I am wondering who actually makes abortion/PP the big issue this election .... is it the GOP party leaders (strategy), or the people? 

Thanks if anyone can offer insights. 

*edit: /u/elhaym pointed out that the 300,000 abortions figure is the # of abortions only performed by Planned Parenthood, and that there are closer to 1 million abortions per year in the USA*


Read the first paragraph of the article at least.  No one is blaming GOP explicitly.  

&gt;Inflammatory rhetoric inflames. Words — extreme language and overheated representations — have consequences. **The killer bears the ultimate responsibility for the carnage in Colorado Springs.** But if initial reports of alleged gunman Robert Lewis Dear Jr.’s comments about “no more baby parts” prove true — and logic suggests that it was no mere coincidence the attack was at a Planned Parenthood clinic — **Republican politicians who fueled the overwrought and unsupported controversy over selling baby parts bear *some measure* of responsibility.** 

The 'measure' is debatable the debatable part.  It should be undeniable that the rhetoric from the GOP side fed and flamed the mentality unbalanced shooter.  
When I was a kid Dungeons and Dragons was blamed for violence. 

Then video games. Movies.  Rap videos.  Etc.

When are people responsible for their own actions? Answer: when it supports our political agenda. 

The Daily News put crosshairs on Tom Brady with the headline to take him out.  No one flinched.  

Remember when The Matrix was responsible for Columbine?  Because those two lunatics wore dusters...

Stop being politically expedient simpletons.  It's sad and pathetic. 

Obama did this.  Muslims did that. Republicans did this.  Israel does that.  

It's fucking exhausting.  Live your lives. Make the world a better place. Hold people accountable for their actions and stop looking to scapegoat people/groups/races/peoples for the actions of a few. 

FYI- I'm a proud gay dude- and I know what it's like to be accused of being responsible for something.  For a decade in the 90s we were the cause of sexual perversion.  It's a load of shit to scapegoat a group of people. 

In politics everyone throws around the "Hitler" card. Bush was Hitler.  Obama is Hitler.  Trump is Hitler.  Know what is Hitler-esque?  Scapegoating a group of people for political purpose.  

That's Hitler.  They did it to gays, and blacks, and Muslims and Jews.  Don't do it to "Republicans" or "Democrats" because you want your candidate to win in 2016.  
I just want to point out that Officer Swasey, a University of Colorado at Colorado Springs police officer, volunteered to assist. He was not racing to do his job, but racing to help other officers do there's and protect our community. I believe he should be remembered for what he did. Immediately volunteer to go into a hostile (and ultimately fatal) situation, not out of obligation, but his sense of duty to protect our community here in Colorado Springs. It's a shame that we only discover a majority of our true heroes in our communities after they make such large sacrifices. 
I'm firmly in the camp of blaming the lunatic who murdered innocent people.
Does Islam deserve some blame for the San Bernardino shooting?
Liberals are cowards.
How about we hold the person who did the shooting accountable and investigate the actual motive?

I get that in this day and age we have a lot more people who hold their political party or whatever they believe to be their new religion. But this is getting bloody ridiculous that we get crap articles and headlines like this.
Fearmongering is effective for those susceptible to suggestion. 
"Moderate ______________ need to take a stand and all of them need to protest, to avoid being lumped in with this act of terrorism"
The odd thing too is that their narrative isn't even based in the truth.  It is all a lie for their own political gain.  WTF!!
Especially that liar Carly Fiorina talking about the "kicking and screaming" fetus. 
"mentally unbalanced" is a nice way to say religious extremist without mentioning your religion.
Why is it that republicans condemning something is automatically considered a motivation for violence, and democrats actively calling for violence is reported as harmless?
How have we not fully lifted the ban on government funded embryonic stem cell research yet? I feel like we have missed out on so many possible breakthroughs because of it.
The planned parenthood shooting was an act of terrorism. To call it anything else is white washing the situation. 
Unpopular opinion, but just like we shouldn't blame Muslims for terrorism, we shouldn't blame Republicans for the act of a mad man.

They didn't tell anyone to go shoot up planned Parenthood, they merely held an opinion. (One I disagree with, but they have a right to an opinion) An opinion this country gives them the right to hold.

Even the Bill Oreilly "Go do something about it" comment that's being circled, does anyone here REALLY think that he meant go shoot up the place? The guy was mad.

As an independent, I'm really tired of both parties using controversial issues as mud throwing contests.

Rest in Piece to those effected. Their lives are more than political agendas.
Blanketing republicans as a whole does nothing to alleviate the problem, it only draws more battle lines in the sand.  /r/politics needs to stop demonizing half of the voting population and realize that the world isn't so red and blue.  It's only a few vocal people in the GOP that make these kinds of comments.
[Enrage them with fear until they feel justified in their violence.](https://eddiecolla.wordpress.com/2011/01/12/enrage-them-with-fear-until-they-feel-justified-in-their-violence/)
On the one hand, we're all expected to believe that all Muslims are equally responsible for terrorism because they fail to condemn the attacks.  (whatever "condemning" means that day)  On the other hand, these politicians being all [buddy buddy](http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=buddy+buddy) with the nutjobs yelling for the murder of doctors is totally innocent.
To those referring to pro choice individuals as baby killers, I'm genuinely curious. What are your feelings on this violence, from a sociological standpoint? Do you believe this shooting was justified? Do you believe it's not enough? What lengths would YOU be willing to go to for your beliefs?
Are we so poorly evolved that we can't differentiate a dissenting opinion from calls for blood?

We need to start holding people accountable for radicalized and extremist language when the outcome can be clearly linked to acts of violence including domestic terrorism.
I am by no means a republican but hear me out:

There is a clear difference between saying we should defund planned parenthood and we should go inside planned parenthood and shoot people. This is an obvious fallacy. I will gladly give republicans shit, but not if it's this idiotic and uses a logical fallacy. 
This is disgraceful. r/politics is just so disappointing these days. 
So they weren't actually selling baby parts then?
Bullshit.
Let's get something straight. Your actions are your actions alone. Nobody makes you do anything, as cold as it may sound. don't go blaming republicans for his death. This hipocrisy by leftists is absolutely disgusting, after all the crap the leftist media spews don't go saying the republicans are at fault. If what was said was wrong then it was wrong and whoever said it should be sued for defamation. The murderer still acted on his own and should be tried for murder and if cnvited he should be  locked up. I'm sick and fucking tired with both republicans and Democrats hipocrisy, it needs to stop. The republicans preach morals yet they don't want to allow refuges in the country. Democrats have no morals and pretend to have them by blasting the republicans about not letting refugees in. Nobody is right and were all a bunch of hipocrites so cmon people lets stop listening to the fucking media and use our own heads or at the very least lets think before we do or say something hipicratic, it just makes us all wrong and sound really stupid. And as a side note every god damn politician has contradicted themselves at one point or another so stop fucking useing that as an excuse. We need to just pick the best one, and stop with the slanderous comments. There's so much hate its absolutely sickening.  
If hateful and inflammatory rhetoric was a significant cause of violence, then everyone who reads /r/politics would be out all day roaming the streets with automatic weapons.
Apparently, this guy was a peeping tom, rapist, and animal abuser.

Who do we blame for that?  Scientology?
Reddits hypocrisy is ridiculous.
Isn't instigation to violence a crime in civilized country?
Title should have been "Some Republicans..."

Just like "Some Muslim clerics..." should bear responsibility for their preaching of hate.

Putting all Republicans in that bucket is no better than blaming all Muslim clerics for extremist Muslims doing stupid shit. 
"Muslims aren't at fault for extremists!!" "Republicans are to blame for this!!" Guys, do you hear yourselves? Do you have ANY self awareness? 

Edit: down votes literally just prove my point. 
Well then with this logic, do the Democrats deserve blame when a cop gets shot? 

Hands up don't shoot was a complete lie that they pushed? 
Its stuff like this that makes me wonder how the GOP is going to win. They never try to win new voters, they pretty much alienate anyone who isnt in the base. 
Man, this narrative train is going full speed.

How the fuck does this subreddit even exist anymore?
Everyone is so eager to place blame 
#[**"Will no one rid me of this turbulent priest?"**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Becket_controversy)

 \- King Henry II of England, speaking of Thomas Becket (Archbishop of Canterbury) in 1170.

This inspired four knights to set off from the king's court in Normandy to Canterbury. On the 29th of December 1170, they murdered Becket.
Psssssst Liberals. This is the kind of dishonest incoherent babble that makes people hate your guts. Just saying.
You guys do know the shooter was across the street robbing aFREAKING BANK?  But somehow I need to be crucified because I am a republican? Dafuq is wrong with the liberals today? What happened to tolerance of others?  I guess it is only tolerance towards those who agree with your point of view. Meh, sucks to be you.
I love how it's ok to generalize, prejudge, slander entire groups, make racist/sexist comments... as long as it's about the right group.
Don't worry, Republicans are just using this line of reasoning to say "see how we get persecuted by the MSM?"
The propagandists behind that video should be first against the wall. 
So if a Crazed lunatic goes and shoots up a firm on Wall Street... this sub will blame Bernie Sanders?
Wow you want to make Americans responsible for what their propaganda may have caused good luck.
"Never let a good tragedy go to waste"
http://imgur.com/r/NoSillySuffix/yPxp8Cf  from /r/quotesporn
Carly should step out of the race.
Yes. Republican-inspired terrorism. 

Unless Robert Dear is a registered Republican, in which case it's simply Republican terrorism.
No they don't? Crazy people are fucking crazy. They will be crazy and do crazy shit weather or not they have a cause behind them. If abortion was completely illegal and all the country agreed, this lunatic would of shot up a YWCA or a post office or a "who gives a fuck." He's crazy. He wasn't sitting in his trailer having logical thought and then slowly got tainted by FOX news. No, he was and always will be crazy.

Shit,  I don't like republicans for many of reason, but shifting the blame for a mass murder onto an entire political party makes you sound pathetic. In fact, it sounds like something a republican would do. I don't know what people expect. For republicans to precursor every point they make with the statement "although I don't agree politically DON'T MURDER THESE PEOPLE." What kind of fantasy do you want to live in where everything you say can potentially be linked to someone else actions? If I said, "Man, killing fish is murder!" and then my buddy kills a fisherman for the greater good, am I now to blame. Because I had an opinion on fish, the actions of someone else is now my fault. 

If a spokesperson for the Republican party releases a statement saying "citizens should attack planned parenthood." Fine, I'll blame them. But that hasn't happened, it won't happen, so stop stooping to Republican level politics and focus on the actual shit they're causing in this country... like Kinkos charging 15 cents a page. I mean 15 fucking cents?!?! That's 10 away from a quarter, what is this a dollar for four pages?! Get the fuck out of here. 
Yep.
The worst part?
Back in 2002-2006 the republicans controlled both houses of congress, the whitehouse and the supreme court.
They could have passed veto proof legislation completely and totally banning abortion.
Yet they didnt.
That should tell you all you need to know about how the right is being played for fools.
Some blame? They're THE propaganda machine that is responsible for hate speech and deception. 
It's as if people can't just be bad any more. It always has to be somebody else's fault
this sub is so delusional.
holy shit, I don't think I can subscribe to this subreddit anymore. As a political science major and and general politics enthusiast, I've always thought this thread was for me. Over the past few months; however, it's turned so wholeheartedly biased that I cringe at the majority of the posts. Its just a shit show of Republican/Christian bashing and even as an Independent it's just too clickbaity to take anymore  
Republicans like Fiorina are guilt of yelling "fire!" in a theater.
They were so quick to blame liberal open border polices on the attacks in Paris but the second someone on their own team does something awful, something that they were practically encouraged to do, they are so fucking quick to toss that potato. 
ITT:  republicans are the evil
read the comments and since I saw both sides of the argument, I decided to read the article in full. First thing to jump out at me is the misleading title. The world, "Republicans "is attention grabbing and anyone with any sense would assume they mean, "The republican party and anyone associated to it."  Within the first paragraph Ruth Marcus directs her article:
&gt;Republican **politicians who fueled the overwrought and unsupported controversy** over selling baby parts bear **some** measure of responsibility. It is clear she is directing her article towards specific people who have fanned the flames of this controversial issue.

I think the article is simply stating a reminder that even though the blame falls on the disturbed person who decided to take the message the wrong way and physically hurt those to make change,  our words carry weight and our tone does matter. this lesson applies not only to the politician but also to everyone who disperses their comments i.e. media and social media.




We hold dictators and military leaders responsible for the holocausts they engineer,  and yet the actual murders were carried out by their followers. 
Republicans have some good ideas.  If they would just give up on the abortion shit and gays they would be fine.....
 
No no it's the party who cut all the public funding for mental health that's to blame for this! Oh, wait....
I guess Muslims deserve some blame for the California shooting.
Republicans don't do accountability.
Some of the blame? They deserve it all. The guy did it because he listened to them. They have blood on their hands.
Republican voters are probably secretly happy and will continue supporting the GOP 
Republicans taking responsibility, Hahahahahahahahaaaahhhhhaaa
&gt;Republican politicians who fueled the overwrought and unsupported controversy over selling baby parts bear some measure of responsibility.

This is wrong and I think it serves literally no purpose to any debate.

First, no one should be held responsible because crazy people interpreted their words as a call to violence.  The GOP candidates don't approve of abortion, but nobody has explicitly fomented violent action to stop it.  Saying that the candidates bear some responsibility is like saying Jodi Foster is responsible for Reagan assasination attempt.

Second, this does nothing to achieve a political solution in securing a woman's right to choose.  Sure, it makes us liberals seem like we have the moral high ground, but since when does that mean votes in Congress?  Or in the various states?  My point is, using this tragedy  for a political point isn't going to get anywhere, he was just a nutjob with a gun; trying to find deeper meaning is silly and isn't going to change anyone's mind. 

Because pointing fingers and laying blame always solves problems. This is oversimplification of current social issues.
Muslims aren't to blame for ISIS

But Republicans as a whole are to blame for an abortion shooter

You can't have both 
Then I blame Democrats for the 2 NYPD officers who were shot last year.
Wow. This is what we've descended into. If you don't like the other party, baselessly blame them for murder. The guy who killed those people is responsible. No one else. 

This is similar to the trumped up child porn and sexual assault charges against Julian Assange. 
This just in, politicians exaggerate and lie! If you think it's not happening in the other political parties, you are naive.
 #NotAllRepublicans
ITT: Republicans are evil and make people commit evil through lies. Islam can't be blamed for the dramatically greater violence it causes worldwide via lies.

It's great watching liberals try and navigate their cognitive dissonance. "B-B-B-But they're different!" - How? They're both ideologies. 
If you think this particular terrorist's extreme ideology represents some tiny fraction of "conservatives", read the comments section of just about any right wing forum.  The vitriolic hatred among republicans is pervasive and disturbing.  This guy will quietly be perceived as a hero to many people who claim to be honest, faithful Christians.   
I'll just leave this here.

http://stochasticterrorism.blogspot.com/

That was written a few years ago. Disagree all you like, call it what you like, but it is reflective of the fact that this conversation has been going on for a long time now. The right wing has had a long-running violence problem stemming from the deliberate spread of misinformation in their circles. These acts aren't happening in a vacuum.


I completely agree, so let's blame the left for the Paris shootings.
What? Why are we looking for someone to blame? A crazy motherfucker murdered a bunch of people. End of story.
But it gets geriatric mummies and the mentally ill to the polls to vote Republican so a few innocent lives lost is worth it in the long run
Am I the only one around here who thinks it's immoral to *not* donate the fetal tissue to science? I mean,  I'd like it if MS and other horrible diseases were eradicated in my lifetime. Y'all Qaeda wants to send us into another Dark Age, and I'm fucking sick of it. These extremists should stop taking their diabetes and heart medications if they hate science so much.
If this is your logic, then Muslims deserve blame for the acts of terrorists.  You can't have it both ways. 
and democrats fuel race-riots.....See?  It's not so nice when the shoe's on the other foot.
If we are going to play this ridiculous game of blaming a party for someones actions then the Democrat party under the Obama administration is directly responsible for the Arab spring and the rise of ISIS due to its failed foreign policy.
&gt; Prohibiting this practice will not stop a single abortion, though it might impede some research, on diseases such as Parkinson’s, Alzheimer’s and Down syndrome.

As if they cared about people that are actually alive.
Defunding is not a call to violence.
Absurd article
This sub is out of control.
I'm sorry but what this article is saying is putting blame on a group of people who say this organization is bad.  Then some psycho goes in shooting the place.  

If you say Republicans are to blame because of their views on Planned Parenthood, I can rightly say that the Black Lives Matter movement and black people have blood on their hands because of some peoples' view on police officers and that say they should kill cops.  Then some psycho goes and kills a cop.
Ive seen a lot of the same posts recently. Republicans are to blame for the shooting. My question is, does that mean Obama is responsible for all the teens wanting to join ISIS and all the extra videos they released of beheadings and setting people on fire in cages, after they got angry when he said they werent a real threat and called them a J.V team? I agree the media are idiots for spreading lies about Planned Parenthood, but you cant call out one party and ignore the other side.
“If we are to affirm, as I do, that the children in the womb who are killed at abortion facilities are in fact children . . . then action taken to defend them is justifiable and cannot be condemned.”

How about if I confirm that pollution from your power plant also kills children? 

Is it then "unable to be condemned" if I walk into the power plant and shoot the workers with an AK-47?

Has the news always been like this? Has FOX always been so conservative? 
This has been going on for a while from the Right wing, Remember  Bill O’Reilly using the phrase "George Tiller the baby killer" - and then Dr. Tiller was shot dead.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mUG9AU6-_TE
Can't we just reach way back and blame the asshole that got rid of public mental health institutions? Those might help with the crazed shooters that pop up, just a thought. Or, to be more constructive, can we bring them back and with modern standards?
The right never takes responsibility for their words or actions. Look at W and Iraq, he had the nerve to blame everyone else for the bad intel. I guess as a child he never heard, if all your friends are doing it would you? 
Stop calling it "a shooting", it was a terrorist attack.
[Honestly, if you're truly pro-life, you should be pro Planned Parenthood.](http://imgur.com/x8chAXi)
Yes, the republicans carry some of the blame, but let's look at the media that gave them all of that coverage.
As if they care.
Except it wasn't a complete lie that they listen to Fox news and proceed to shoot up a policy discussion.
They really have this blood all over their dirty, greedy hands.  Between anti-common sense gun control legislation and demonizing Planned Parenthood for years they and the idiot who committed this crime can share blame.  
Some blame? Some? How about a whole fuck ton of blame?
They've been doing this for years, though more often through their Hate Radio outlets than directly by politician speeches.  There have been dozens of terrorist attacks apparently directly motivated by right-wing / Republican propaganda.  

I specifically recall that guy who shot up a unitarian church, murdering a handful of people, because of Fox News ranting against liberals "corrupting" Christianity or whatever.
If Republican leaders lived in a different country and used the same inflammatory language that they use against socially liberal causes, but instead in support of Islamic causes, all their financial assets would be frozen and cruise missiles would be targeting them and collateral people nearby. 

They are conservative terrorists, and they have an almost 50/50 chance of running this country. 
"Some" blame?  Shit's all on them, as far as I'm concerned.  Hate bred through extremist hate radio, flames fanned by disgusting bigots like Donald Trump - these attacks are the inevitable outcome.
The killer deserves the blame because he did it; after proven guilty in a court of law by a jury of his peers, of course.

No wonder this was labeled as "terrorism". It makes it easy to remember this murderer for more than what he was, so that politicians and their parties can benefit from it.

Pathetic. 
Is it just me or does this (and some top comments) sound counter freedom of speech? 
Republicans are nothing but a fucking hate group, they always have been and always will be. The biggest pieces of shit on this planet. You can literally say with all confidence that if republicans didn't exist this country would improve 80% literally overnight
They should be arrested and sued. No different than yelling fire in a crowded theater. 
The democratic party is far from perfect but they're a hell of a lot better than that fear mongering circlejerk known as the GOP, can we all collectively remember how bad they screwed us over the last time they were in power and just really revel in how we were lied to, subjected mass surveillance,  and how they started the shitstorm in the Middle East, can we just reflect on that? Also how they absolutely refuse gun reform, helping the poor, and a reasonable foreign policy.
lol, this subreddit.
This is complete slander against the Republican Party. Why can't we be civil here. The Republican Party did not say anything to incite violence against Planned Parenthood, only opposed it. There is no reason to place the blame of a mass shooting on those who opposed the institution in their policymaking and political decisions.
In some more civilized countries the loudest drum bangers on this issue would have already been tried for inciting violence and most definitely would after the shooting. Free speech isn't absolute, unless it fits a conservative agenda that is.
That's like saying all followers of Islam  deserve some blame for the attacks in Paris, 9/11, and terrorists.
So republicans are to blame for this, but islam isn't to be blamed for terrorism? 
This is such a ridiculous notion to believe in. By this logic, if someone were to shoot up a bunch of Republican politicians then some of the blame should rest on the Washington Post because it cobstantly demonizes them.
Aaaaaand, you've taken the first step toward censorship. 

If you accept the premise that we each have agency and innate rights then no adult can be held responsible for another adult's actions or behavior.

Edit: Yes, I can feel your hate; let the down votes flow through you! I remember the frustration I felt the first time I believed I'd discovered the perfect alibi. My Mom asked why I had done such-and-such, and I responded, "Billy told me to." Her response then was the same as mine is now, "Would you jump off a bridge if Billy told you to?" Stings, doesn't it?
Nope. Falls on the guy who did the shooting.
"How could those filthy Republicans politicize the Paris attacks?!"
...
"Republicans are the ones responsible for the PP shooting!!11!  Darn near put the bullets in his gun!!11!!"
By this logic #BlackLivesMatter and the Democrats are responsible for every cop that gets shot.   
Do republicans deserve some blame? No. Does the far right of the party deserve blame? Most certainly.

There are people in the GOP who don't regurgitate nonsense about abortion and PP. But people like Ms. Fiorina do feed this violence with their rhetoric. When you make 100% false claims that PP is in the business of harvesting aborted fetus parts for profit, what else do you expect to happen? When you call abortion murder, what else do you expect to happen?

Does this blame mean the far right needs to be censored or punished in any way? Of course not. They have the right to spew hateful nonsense. So what do you we after we point the finger of blame at them? Beat them at the polls. Win the debate.
Not just Republicans. Fox News has a responsibility in targeting Planned Parenthood. By misrepresenting the things it does, it misinformation the American public about the good preventive pregnancy options it has to offer. 
Republicans deserve blame for most problems, they are THE source of most rhetoric that gets people to retaliate in violent ways. Everything from inner city violence to ISIS can be traced back to Republican policy. 
Some? They deserve all of the blame if the creation of this fanatic. 
Totally the fault of all Republicans and not the media or individual beliefs. 
I am so disgusted and angry when something tragic like this happens. The republican right never fucking takes responsibility for their bullshit. They demonize and mischaracterize planned parenthood, push their base into a moral panic and outrage, and some of their supporters boil over into a violent frenzy. Then, someone like Fiorina has the fucking gall to say that linking heated political rhetoric to violence is "typical left wing tactics."

I fucking hate these people. I fucking hate them. 
I agree the republican leadership is guilty of all of the mischaracterizations, the overblowing etc etc, however, they did not pull the trigger.  They did not commit the violent acts.

I disagree with the republican leadership entirely on almost everything, but I can't lay the lives of people murdered by a misguided madman at their feet.

People kill people, rhetoric does not.
Republicans deserve *some* blame?? How about most blame!
Republicans deserve all the blame.
You got it, the Republican Party is now under arrest and will be taken into custody....
No. This is stupid. That's like saying every racist is responsible for MLK's death. No, it's the responsibility of the unhinged idiot who pulls the trigger. No one else's.

In case you've been asleep, a pretty firm position of the Republican Party is personal responsibility. As such, this conservative redditor expects the personal responsibility to wholly fall on the idiot who shot the gun. No one else.
This is disgusting and you and the Washington Post should be ashamed of yourselves.
Please don't call them Republican, call them radical instead, this generalization is misinterpreting the beliefs of many people who don't believe what these type of people (fox news in particular) believe. 
Forget the underlying facts, let's blame the messenger, that'll do it.
Even if the overblown mischaracterization by republicans were true, it wouldn't justify shooting up the place. The blame is solely on the crazy person.
I love today's headlines. Apparently Ted Cruz has said that most violent criminals are registered democrats. That's taking accountability, eh? 
Truth. I hope Carly Fiorina thinks her planned parenthood sound bite lies were worth it for those two days of coverage and the fleeting percentage boost she got from them. Lies kill people you awful bitch. 
And violent video games is to blame for school shootings! No it isn't. Stop looking for the easy thing to blame, even if it can be pinned on a group of people you disagree with politically.
I was appalled at PP not because of what republicans have been saying (i.e. Carly F, etc.), but because of what I saw in the videos. Even if edited and doctored, the videos clearly show them discussing harvesting organs from aborted fetuses. No level of editing put those words in their mouths. Seriously, am I missing something here?? 
This subreddits a fucking joke. At least call it r/liberals. I'm somewhat pro-choice but pointing fingers at republicans for one pyschos actions? All this subreddit has become is a republican hate group. Now bring on the hate!
those repubics amirite

BLM literally chants about killing cops, cops get murdered execution style, that's a coincidence. also why should democrats disavow a group like that  (who also repeatedly mounts blatantly racist 'demonstrations'). no reason i guess

terrorists scream allahu akbar during brutal murders, but they're just neutral disgruntled workers. 

'climate change' a is directly causing terrorism, and also the ocean is going to start sending thousand-pound boulders flying through the sky (actual article by the washington post). 

but we need to point our finger at 'anti-abortionists' who are responsible for 8 murders in the last 40 years. that doesn't make it ok, but i think the context reveals the staggering hypocrisy of this echo chamber

i don't like the repubics but this sub is completely backwards - all the time
Does this mean that liberal rhetoric are to blame for the much higher rate of violent crime among blacks? If you constantly tell a group they're an oppressed class and that their problems are largely due to white racism then won't some of them act violently on that? 
How many people listen to GOP rhetoric and do not commit murder as a result? 99.99999%

Leftists will do anything to undermine the foundation of American values, the first and second amendments.


The good news is that Baby Boomers are dying faster now than ever before. 
From the thumbnail, Carly Fiona looks like the anti-christ. 
Ho Hum!
I think the take away here is the PP shooter was mentally unstable and the inflammatory completely misrepresented information that the mouthpieces of the far right spewed regarding PP is just a coincidence. Like when you see two people who really don't want to fight about to fight and the crowd starts inciting them until one of them gets physical. The crowd inciting violence is just a coincidence. I mean people's reactions and behaviors happen in a vacuum and outside influence doesn't exist. Right? 
Sticks and stones your honor.
[This isn't the first time this has happened either.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Assassination_of_George_Tiller#Reactions_to_Tiller.27s_killing)
is there a significant difference between their rhetoric and yelling fire in a theater?
Nuke this place from orbit.
Fuck yea they do....especially around election season.  Rubio is the only relevant candidate that didn't resort to anti-women propaganda.  
As someone who identifies as liberal/Democrat, I don't think it's fair to place blame on every single Republican. The anger and blame should be focused on the Conservative media, if we're pointing fingers at all here...
So Christians are partly to blame for Chris Mercer as well?
The equivalence in this thread was for me.
"we can't characterize an entire group based on the actions of a few!!"
So sad.
[Blood libel](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blood_libel)
The republicans are not going to win another presidential election for a long time.
 
The name has been dragged through the mud, only fools would dare to touch it. Libertarians need to run as democrats if they can hope to survive the lunacy that is the tea party.
"You never let a serious crisis go to waste. And what I mean by that it's an opportunity to do things you think you could not do before."


Rahm Emanuel
The average person would not kill because they are so split these days that the Democrats are prepared to take him out.
i don't know if the problem is that the abortion opponents greatly exaggerated what Planned Parenthood does OR if it was on account of a crazy man listening to it and believing it.

nobody is going to convince me that someone who is ok with going into a public place and opening fire on people he disagrees with is NOT some kind of crazy/wrong in the head.
I said it in another thread and I'll say it again - their endless stream of bullshit WORKS, and it's pathetic.

Even here on reddit, just look. Check the threads about the shooting. Who is talking about the shooting? The shooter? Religion and hate speech? It's about half and half split. What else are they talking about?

Profit and selling fetuses from abortions. The COMPLETE LIE is discussed as much as an actual, confirmed, and definite slaughter by a pathetic individual incited by extreme nutcases just making a quick buck and not caring about the consequences.

Seriously, check out some of these threads. You'll see it over and over. "I'm not saying Planned Parenthood DID do it but if they did" and other such language. The lie is repeated often enough that we're discussing it more than what has actually happened and looking for where that blame should be cast. We're still discussing, defending, and reasoning out pure bullshit.
Brandenburg v. Ohio is a supreme court ruling saying your speech cannot incite imminent or lawless actions. People like Ted Cruz are responsible for such an offense.
&gt;and not the people selling baby parts in the first palce
Couldn't agree with this more.
As Chris Rock says: 'Whatever happened to crazy"?


The fact that Nancy Grace has any sort of post secondary education let alone a law degree frightens me.
Blame lies with those committing and promoting violence. Abortion is legal, necessary, and will continue.
[deleted]
I want to believe you probably didn't read the entire GOP, that would be to demonize pro-life Christianity.
Idiocracy. 
Can't up vote this enough. If you somehow captured the nation's attention and told them that the Pope was a war criminal, that he beats children, curses babies, and steels from the poor, someones going to want to kill him. I wonder if anyone could be held responsible for inciting violence with speech. Speech is protected unless it leads to a disturbance in peace or violence right?

Then again, this is America, and there are plenty of stupid people who would believe all this crap no matter who told them. 
Will the same people who want to hold thought leaders accountable for what people do on this side of the political spectrum, maintain that position with people like [this?](http://www.firstpost.com/india/sunni-leader-says-gender-equality-un-islamic-women-only-fit-to-deliver-children-2525582.html?utm_source=fp_hp)

Because it really seems like there is some wishy-washy-ness on things like this.
I don't like abortions cause it's murder! So I'm going to kill a bunch of people trying to get abortions! Yeah, that's pretty sound logic...
But also the people should put their entire hopes upon.
I would hesitate to call that out directly.
What do you call a person who thinks guns should be legal, abortions should be legal, god should be separate from government and people can be gay if they want? 
http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2015/aug/03/martin-omalley/97-planned-parenthoods-work-mammograms-preventive-/

http://www.factcheck.org/2012/10/planned-parenthood-and-mammograms/

http://thefederalist.com/2015/08/03/guess-how-many-licensed-mammogram-facilities-planned-parenthood-runs/

http://theadvocate.com/news/nationworld/13713773-128/letters-the-truth-behind-defunding

The numbers for preventative care are also skewed as they count one visit multiple times if say contraception and a referral are given it becomes 2. Again misleading at best. 

Does this mean Democrats share the blame for the BLM travesties including cops getting killed?
**I find that blaming crime on others *simply because they talked about something* to be very, very problematic.**
Then Quentin Tarantino deserves "some of the blame" for violence against police. 
The republican politicians who incite hatred and violence are no different than the Islamic fundamentalist clerics who incite violence and hatred in their mosque sermons.
It is ridiculous and absurd to blame anybody but the shooter. Period. If you open the door to indirect blame, I'm sure we could find everybody guilty to some degree.
I unequivocally disagree.  I'm not blaming Republicans or their "rhetoric" for what Robert Dear did anymore than I'm going to blame Marilyn Manson for what Dylan Klebold and Eric Harris did. That's ludicrous. It's not anyone's fault but Robert Dear's. He is an evil man with evil intentions, and a fucked-up idea of morality. It's his fault. He loaded his gun, he drove down to the clinic, he aimed at innocent people, and he fired. Republicans merely expressed their opinions, and I'll grant you, outright lied.  But here's the kicker.  Planned Parenthood's and their supporters' statements (which also include a lie or misleading statement or two here or there) aren't responsible for *stopping* any of us from performing similar violent acts, so the opposite can't be true.  I'm willing to bet that any of us who actually believed what the Republicans, and especially Cunty Fiorina, were saying, we ***still*** wouldn't show up and start shooting people, because that is our choice.  

Unless everybody here is willing to have their 1st Amendment rights tampered with, it's not a great precedent to set to start blaming someone's speech for the things evil people do. People are, and as well they should be, allowed to disagree with abortion practices and consider those who perform them, "murderers." They are, and as well they should be, allowed use speech, petition our government for redress of grievances, and elect representatives to enact abortion regulations or even fight its legality altogether.

That's the beauty of democracy. Because you can do that, too, and if more people agree with you than agree with them, then abortion will remain legal. Use your speech, petition our government for redress of grievances, and elect representatives who will do what they can to make sure abortion remains legal, but please stop trying to suppress speech you disagree with or find offensive. That is more dangerous than any hateful or violent rhetoric out there.
[Canada also refused the SS St. Louis](http://thechronicleherald.ca/novascotia/1174272-canada-turned-away-jewish-refugees), an immigration agent at the time claiming "None is too many".

Edit - I mention this because as a Canadian I notice that we're often given a hall pass because of our official ideology of multiculturalism, when in fact we've done our fair share of horrible things.  There's an art installation in the Canadian Museum Of Immigration in Halifax, Nova Scotia, devoted to the SS St. Louis and how Canada turned it away, so I thought in the context of this article it was fair to point out that my country also bears responsibility for this tragedy.
Fun fact: one of the biggest proponents of turning away the S.S. St. Louis were groups of Southern Jews. 


[deleted]
Not to mention it's a huge slap in the face. For 14 years these assholes have been selling how we should barter away our rights because if they can just surveil more, just see more, they can analyze and predict threats and keep us all safe.

Now suddenly a tiny, homogenous population that would start out under complete control and no real privacy rights is just too hard a task? They can't identify the threats there? 

Then why the fuck are they reading my emails? Identifying threats in a totally visible panopticon of a sealed refugee camp is like baby town frolics compared to what they claim they've been able to do every time they ask for more power
Why don't refugee camps get set up on the edge of Syria, protected by some multi-national force, and run on donations from the various countries? I don't understand why accepting refugees is somehow the only option, and countries are racist and xenophobic for not wanting to risk terrorist attacks for the "greater good".
Slight difference. 

The Jews  weren't trying to sneak in guys to blow us up or gun down hundreds of people 
A few key differences:

1. In 1939, Jews did not have a country to take them in. However, according to the Pew Research Center in 2015 there are 50 Muslim-majority countries. For the record, Jordan, Turkey and others have been tremendous in their efforts to take in Syrian refugees, but most Muslim countries, including virtually all of the Gulf States, have not helped their Muslim brethren.

2. Jews were not committing international acts of terror in the name of Judaism in 1939. Muslim terrorism by no means justifies xenophobia, however given the context of global jihad, as well as the fact that at least one of the French terrorists entered the country under the guise of a refugee, the fact that states are reticent for refugee immigration is more understandable.

Bottom line: Comparing Jews pre and post holocaust to the Muslim refugees today is a FALSE EQUIVALENCY (and to some, understandably offensive).  
I made this analogy yesterday, only to be told that I was anti-Semitic.  Kinda funny.

The Voyage of the Damned is one of the historical facts, like the Japanese interment, that we would just rather forget as a nation.  However, we should not forget it, we should use it as a learning experience.

Yes, Republicans are doing the same thing, and if successful it won't work out any better for these refugees than it did for the Jews.

Little known fact.  Mexico actually received more Jewish refugees than all of the allied powers combined during WWII.  Of course they all went home after the war, so there was little chance to create a chili blintz.
I asked one of my Muslim coworkers his thought on this situation last night. Not an exact quote, but here's what he said...


You know, it's very complicated. You have a lot of people running to literally save their lives. Every country should help these people yet plenty of their neighboring countries won't. We here in the US are rich, however we can't save anyone. Africa needs help. Our own town has how many homeless? On the news today they said 1 in 4 local kids are living in poverty. There are countless families living in those weekly hotels on (insert road). We had one family last year from my mosque that lost their job, and their home. Another family took them in, and countless other families were all donating $10 a week to the host family to help pay for their food and bills. Without the people at my mosque, that family too would have been on the streets. However, you also have plenty of people in that region who want to do harm to America. I don't like to get political, but I think there would be a risk involved, and overall, it wouldn't be the best idea for the country as a whole.
&gt;Rather than Trump’s male-heavy flood of 250,000 coming to the United States, only 2,200 Syrians have been admitted in the past four years (10,000 are expected over the next year) and 70 percent have been either women or children under age 14.

How wrong do you have to be before people quit taking you seriously?
Come on in! We got tons of great paying jobs and affordable healthcare! Oh, wait...
Is it so ridiculous to be weary of letting in Syrian refugees before we know all the identities of those who attacked in Paris? 
If you want to look for the worst example of xenophobia, turning away refugees is JV league. We locked up or own citizens. 
This is the ugliest, most racist time I have witnessed in the United States.

Maybe it's because most of my friends are now entering late middle age, but the sheer venom and spittle-flecked hysterical generalization being directed at Muslims is worse than I have ever seen directed at any other group.

People I used to think of as mushy-headed studiously tolerant liberals now believe that it is okay to let children and decent people rot in Syria because a fraction of them are crazy fundies and that all of them coddle and secretly support the fundies. It's nuts, and it makes me wonder if the fear centers in their brains are taking over the executive function.

To top it off, they are saying things about Muslims which are comfortably similar to statements Hitler made about Jews. It's like little Archie Bunkers running around - many of these people would have hated what they've become. They seriously believe that Islam is an existential threat to the United States.

It makes me sick to be an American right now.
/r/politics playing the race card. Shocker. 
I don't agree with the Republicans, but I'm pretty sure there was no incidents of European Jewish immigrants committing terrorist acts in western countries. I just desire to see what is being done this vet these individuals. 
This is exactly what the GOP did last election.  Remember, ebola comin' over the border with terrorists?  It was actually children refugees from Venezuela/el Salvador, but that doesn't stop the xenophobic, paranoid electorate from thinking we could die any second from the hands of terrorists/children refugees/ebola.
I think our government should take care of our own people, make programs and use the massive amounts of money they want to throw at the refugees to fix our own problems. An American should never have to be homeless and live on the street for any reason, once our own issues are taken care of, Then we should consider helping others.
I live in  AZ and I see many on both sides of the aisle not wanting refugees here. Whites, blacks, hispanics- the consensus seems to be the same all around minus a few. We get it, reddit hates Republucans.

EDIT: 0o00o0oo0o00o0oo0 pointed out my fuck up. Thanks.
Except the Jews didn't have a spliter group of radicals using the refugess to get themselves into western countries and attack them. 
Give me a break, this entire thing was inevitable and it's a lose-lose situation for everyone. We are literally an ocean away and it doesn't make any sense for refugees to settle in the U.S., and it doesn't even make sense to force Europe to have to do it either. You basically got what, Turkey and Jordan as the only Muslim countries who give a shit about the crisis? And the refugees don't even want to stay there, they want to go to Germany so they can take advantage and get all their free shit and benefits. Majority of them will never integrate and learn the host countries language. It's a giant shitshow that has real possibilities of terrorist attacks attached along with it. The humanitarian aspect alone isn't enough to justify open borders. We have it easy over here too, Europe is being invaded right now and they are just letting it happen. A lot of people are starting to realize the mistake that's been made.
Before people start getting their panties in a wad, crying about the mass of immigrants (I see women and children mentioned a lot) fleeing the violence in Syria, you might want to look at what is going on in the European nations that had already taken in large amounts of immigrants, and NO, I'm not talking about France.

France has had issues for quite a while now with its immigrant Muslim population.  If you haven't visited some of the Muslim enclaves outside of Paris proper, do some research.  There are plenty of places the Parisian police refuse to go unless its in force.

Are the majority of these immigrants terrorists?  Of course not.  
Are the majority of these immigrants women and children? Nope.

Read the reports of immigrants / refugee centers where the women and children who do need help are being abused and violated by their fellow refugees.  It's not uncommon and it is not propaganda.

It is happening right now in more than a few European nations.  Local services are overloaded and were unprepared for this influx.

The so-called screening processes mentioned are in many cases laughable at best.

Look at the multiple cases where the "refugees of the war in Syria" are actually people from other nations who are using the vast migration to get out of their own country. It's not propaganda - it is simply the truth.


These people are economic refugees from Turkey.  They stopped being war refugees the minute they stepped into Turkey and wanted to go somewhere else.  A economic refugee should go through the same process as anyone trying to get in.  They will more likely go back to Syria once it's over and also support the fight for their country being right next door.   It's better this way.  PC people are stupid and have issues with thinking.  
How many of the Jews thought it was ok to shoot and bomb people for not converting to Judaism?
Same user, same source, day in and day out.  Bunch of sheep.  Enjoy that undefault. 
I love both sides touting their logic saying it's "what ISIS" wants. Either way ISIS wins. Either god damn way. The refugee crisis is playing out masterfully. You know what ISIS would actually fear? Governments not at eachothers throats within their own countries. Both sides working together to quell this threat. 

I'm torn on this one. I see both sides. Maybe we should just have better screening?  IDK. 
LOL you guys let the media convince you this is a winning issue. Just wait till election day the American people will let you know exactly how it feels about bringing these refugees here
This shouldn't be a left/right debate. I'm a Democrat and I think it's moronic to even risk bringing in Syrians when our biggest enemy can easily filter terrorists through them. This is a genuine national security threat. We've become so skeptical as a country because of the politics of fear after 9/11, that when a real threat comes along we don't know whether we should believe it or not. Also, the left is quick to say that turning these people away is racism or xenophobia, but why is it the West's responsibility to begin with? There are many wealthy countries in the region that can take them in but don't, with the main reason being they are from another sect.  Now that's direct racism. Saying you don't want to take them in because you know the security ramifications is not.

Edit: Thanks for the gold stranger! Also, it's sad to see the apologists, PC police, and general cowards so quick to protect the outdated notion that America needs to save or babysit the world, instead of trying to protect their own children and countrymen. 

Edit #2: For people who claim to be compassionate and accepting, it is amazing the dozens of hateful messages I've received for countering your world view. Days like today I'm ashamed to be in the same party of people who claim to be liberals, and over the past year or so, have aimed themselves at destroying free speech and silencing anyone who disagrees with them. You have become the bigoted, shallow minded people we have always claimed to stand up against.  
Paul ups the ante of Jindal's signed order with the threat of resignation?

Time for the showdown surely?
This isn't a fair comparison at all.

Talking heads, mostly left leaning, are so busy shaming people who are skeptical about the Syrian refugees that they are turning a blind eye to the very likely possibility that ISIS sympathizers can blend in with the Syrian refugees coming in. It's not hard for ISIS to fake passports. Not wanting them isn't racist. It's a matter of national security. Saying that we should only operate on feelings of compassion is understandable in certain times but in this sense it not logical. ISIS just put out a video saying America is next. 

I'm all for helping people in need but the stakes are too high for to bring 10,000 or 100,000 refugees in. Let's just say out of the 100,000 that Obama wants to bring in, just 0.1% are ISIS sympathizers/sleepers. That is 100 people... Think about what just happened in Paris with only 20, 30 attackers max? I'm all for sending resources or money to countries that are taking in refugees but we can't risk them coming here.
How about we find homes for some of the homeless vets on the streets before paying for, housing, feeding, and supporting people from another country, who have already provided from their pool terrorists who have attacked france, and exposing ourselves to more security issues since we cannot accurately verify who they are?
As a history teacher, I cringe at these analogies. Any moment in history is a product of the context of its time. You can't just compare two different events from two different time periods like that. 

Jewish refugees were turned away because of racism. Syrian refugees are being turned away due to security concerns. Jewish refugees didn't commit massacres. Some Syrian refugees may, thus the concern. 

I understand there are plenty of racist people who simply don't want dark skinned Muslim refugees. But the security concerns of us (non-racist) people are valid, and not equitable to anti-Semitism of 1930s.
Having visited Manzanar, California (Japanese internment camp) over the weekend, it is frightening the parallels of today's political climate in the U.S. It was very moving driving up to see the American flag flying over this desert wasteland where Japanese Americans were forced to live. Each family living there was stripped of their property and dignity in the name of "defense" (note that not one was ever convicted of spying). The internment was authorized by none other than FDR via executive order. If you think any of today's veiled bigotry towards Muslims/Syrians/Mexicans is any different, it isn't. We are repeating history.  
https://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internment_of_Japanese_Americans
Great comparison, and who could forget the horrible acts of terrorism perpetrated by the Jews in 1939? And it's not like there are several other Muslim nations that could take current  refugees in. Definitely apples to apples here. 
I am liberal at heart but conflicted about this. Is it Xenophobic or being scared of funneling in potential radicals into the country and growing terrorist cells here? When a next terrorist act happens on American soil regardless or not it was from refugees coming into the country it will no doubt be blamed.
Yet,the six wealthy Gulf countries - Qatar, the United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait and Bahrain - have offered to receive exactly zero Syrian refugees.
I think it shows the true colors of the right. They're not even timid about admitting it now. 
What happens when two Xenophobes fight ? Every world conflict.
You know Obama is getting to the point where he just wants to say "fuck all y'all" and just quit. If I were him, I would have been at that point about 6 years ago
As long as you have no way to really vette anyone coming into the country, then your 1st and foremost responsibility is to protect your citizens from a threat. 

It's quite simple and logical to stop letting people in until you can demonstrate that you can guarantee to the public that those coming in are not terrorists or criminals. 


I don't think it's a matter of us hating a particular race of people.  I think it's more a matter of how wherever the Syrians go they leave a wake of destruction behind them.  The Christian side of me demands that we allow them in and to protect them, but the American part of me says we need to be protecting our own first.  Maybe if we had some place to put them where they were out of harm's way and also isolated in way that keeps us out of harm's way, but just bringing them into the mainland...no.

Also...concerning the Jews...we weren't the only ones who didn't want them and we all had legitimate reasons for not wanting millions of them coming in at once.  You know, if your entire people had been expelled from a nation one...or even maybe ten times...it's easy to look past it, but if you've been kicked out 100 or so times you can't be surprised if you have a hard time finding someone to take you in.

edit ~ typo...100 or so times, not 200.

edit2 ~ 109 times specifically since Jesus.
What a horrible comparison. There were no jihadists mixed in with the Jewish refugees on the St. Louis. The author of this article should be ashamed of themselves.
Yeah, except that terrorists are in fact, 100% definitely, hiding among the refugees.
On the one hand it's unfair to generalize Islam as a terrorist religion. On the other, this is clearly larger than just a couple of deranged nutjobs.

The Islamic world host plays host to terrorism. Not all Muslims, obviously, but don't try to act like it's not a thing.
Worst case scenario, we could just pull an FDR and round them all up and throw them in internment camps.  Of course first with the approval from the Supreme Court.
It's sickening how many of you would watch thousands and thousands of these refugees die including innocent children so that you can potentially save a hundred or so people from some perceived terrorist attack that probably will never even happen. 
It's important to note that while the rejection of the St. Louis was clearly driven by anti-Semitism, the Nazis didn't start massacring Jews until late 1941, about 2 years after the voyage of the damned.  The Nazis had already begun euthanasia programs, and were working Jews to death in labor camps, but the Final Solution and its extermination camps weren't fully implemented until 1942.

The timeline of Nazi anti-Semitism and the Holocaust is a very interesting area of history not many people are familiar with.  There is a tendency for people to assume that it was always as bad as it was in its final days, but I think it's important to understand the process that occurred so we can prevent it in the future.

[The Holocaust](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Holocaust) and [Final Solution](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Final_Solution) Wikipedia articles are a decent place to start.
Most of my family were survivors of the SS St. Louis (some didn't make it back and were captured by the germans when the countries fell to nazi rule), 

I'll be honest, not until I read that title, I to some extent, agreed with not housing refugees. But that title sent up goosebumps and made me shiver. This struck a chord deep in my soul and I am now conflicted in my previous views. 

I'll just go off and think about it, I am willing to answer mostly any question if there are some.
These discussions are going to become more frequent with climate change impacting huge populations. Migration is only going to increase. And let's hope that another destabilizing regional war doesn't take place anytime soon, because that would again contribute to another refugee diaspora. 
we need to review each person and make sure they dont have fake passports  we cant just let every person in who could possibly be here to cause harm.
the jews weren't known terrorists.
I'm not even sure i believe this. But it's just what first comes to mind. Turning away Jewish refugees seems like a lot worse to me. It's not like there was a history of radical Jews immigrating to the US and randomly attacking innocent people; unless my history knowledge isn't up to par. 

I think turning them away is wrong, but this situation is different; and I can understand the kneejerk reaction and fear of letting them in. Wasn't one of the Paris attackers a recent refugee? 
Bad analogy.  We weren't actively fighting Ashkenazi terrorists in 1939. 
Western countries do not owe the world anything. I want to see leftists adopt homeless people off the street and bring them into their home, adopt homeless veterans and sponsor them and pay for them personally. After you do that, then I might listen to your pathological obsession with diversity and immigration. There are 7 billion people in the world, all of them want a better life. Not only is it not our problem to give it to them, but it is impossible to give it to all of them.
Realty Check. This happened during FDR's Admin. The SS St Louis was originally headed for Cuba. "Quotas established in the US Immigration and Nationality Act of 1924 strictly limited the number of immigrants who could be admitted to the United States each year. In 1939, the annual combined German-Austrian immigration quota was 27,370 and was quickly filled. In fact, there was a waiting list of at least several years." [read](http://www.ushmm.org/wlc/en/article.php?ModuleId=10005267)

If you don't like the laws, change them. Don't just break them with its convenient. 

Lol r/politics
It's not bigotry.  It's that we have shitty screening methods in place.  I'll show you pictures of 1000 syrian refugees.  Spot the three that are planning to commit an atrocity.   Seriously, what is wrong with these regressive liberals?  You have a group of individuals, in which there is a decent percentage that want to basically repeat Paris all over the western world.  You can't pick them out, but you want to let the entire group in.  

Oddly, these are the same people that want gun control because "you can't know ahead of time who responsible gun-owners will be"
The fact is that those who advocate for a Multiculturalist society, rarely have to bear the consequences of it. 

Take Sweden for instance, where Muslim immigrants are responsible for 80% of rapes. 

Swedish politicians don't have to deal with the barbaric gang-rapes Muslims so often perpetrate in Sweden because they have bodyguards, they don't use public transportation, they don't live in areas where these people go to mooch off the state. 

Regardless of whether or not these are refugees, they come from a violent culture, and will bring that violence with them. Take whatever European country you want where there has been massive Islamic immigration. France, for instance, is the most unsafe place for Jewish people in Europe since 1940 because of Muslim immigrants. To even go out wearing the kippah in some parts of Paris will get you beaten.

The world is not pink, reality is not nice, and these unsavoury truths must be dealt with rather than ignored.

These people do not belong in Europe, they don't know how to behave.
Wasn't there a company somewhere in (upstate?) New York that wanted to take on (Syrian) refugees, giving them jobs? Or am I remembering the story wrongly. I believe it was on NPR one day, a couple weeks ago.
Actually, every country including the Franklin Roosevelt then POTUS. Oddly enough they ended up in France only to be killed by Hitler later. 

Of course the numbers were 908 as opposed to 100,000 per year. 
&gt;while Mike Huckabee, the former Arkansas governor, proposed we “wake up and smell the falafel”

I would love to wake up to the smell of fresh falafel
As a Republican, I'm can't help but fully support refugee acceptance.  We are a country of immigrants that came here for a number of different reasons but *many* came out of fear and had no where else to go.  We are supposed to be a beacon of hope for the world and I hope that is still the case.  Whenever fear of immigrants comes up, I always remember the poem at the bottom of the Statue of Liberty:

"Not like the brazen giant of Greek fame,

With conquering limbs astride from land to land;

Here at our sea-washed, sunset gates shall stand

A mighty woman with a torch, whose flame

Is the imprisoned lightning, and her name

Mother of Exiles. From her beacon-hand

Glows world-wide welcome; her mild eyes command

The air-bridged harbor that twin cities frame.

"Keep ancient lands, your storied pomp!" cries she

With silent lips. "Give me your tired, your poor,

Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free,

The wretched refuse of your teeming shore.

Send these, the homeless, tempest-tost to me,

I lift my lamp beside the golden door!"
Sure, let them in. What's the worst that could happen?
All these fearful people are trying to blame the refugees when, so far, all of the terrorists are thought to be European citizens. Even the single Syrian passport that was found is thought to be a forgery and a plant. So, in all actuality, the refugees have nothing to do with this act of terrorism and all of these cowards in Europe and the US are allowing themselves to be manipulated by the real terrorists. Isn't that just lovely?
Yea because the majority of immigrants who built this country were idolizing a historically recorded warlord and covered their women in ghost sheets. They are completely the same type of people. 
What a sad state of affairs for the Republican party -- assholes and bigots, no soul-searching of self-examination. Are these really the kind of people we want running our country? And it goes far below skin deep. It goes to the very heart of the Republican voters, and everything that has brought them to this place, including Fox News and people like Rush Limbaugh all spewing their message of hate.
I think the extremely generous/naive (depends how you look at it) way that the EU has handled their influx of refugees has poisoned how Americans are viewing the issue.  Obama is not proposing a German-style "If you can get here you can stay" kind of plan.  The vetting process is 12-18 months long, hardly a "fast track" as some are claiming.
How is the SS St. Louis comparable in this situation? Both are entirely different circumstances.....
Completely different scenarios.  Here is a more accurate scenario:

You own a breakfast place. You need to order a very large shipment of eggs. Some of those eggs MIGHT have gone very bad and will likely kill the customers who eat the eggs. Problem is, there is no way to distinguish the good eggs from the bad eggs in the shipment. Do you still order the shipment?


More than just the gop are against taking these people in. It's easy to whine and pretend like just your political opponent is against something but plenty of dems have refused to make that foolish commitment. 

Doing things based on your perceived moral obligation only forces your sense of morals on others and ignores the myriad of tangible factors that should play into major decisions
There are a lot of really obvious differences though. 

Those were families, these are mostly young men.

Those were a minority group living peacefully in a society that decided to exterminate them for no reason, these are guys fleeing a warzone where they are the majority. 

Jews aren't known for suicide attacks on their host countries. These guys . . . 

The jews had a compatible western culture (seeing as how they were from the west), these guys don't.


Just because there are superficial similarities doesn't mean they're the same. 
I want to know how they're conducting the background checks on these people. Who are they going to for information and what the efficacy of the information is. This isn't the United States where you can get a fairly detailed background check on somebody. This is Syria. I doubt you'd be able to find out much of anything about the people coming from there.

Until then, I'm against us taking in any more Syrian refugees.
European Jews were a discrete minority, singled out for destruction. This is the general population fleeing the ordinary consequences of being at war. 
Say what you want, but there is no denying the fact that until there is a way to positively screen every refugee and confirm they are not a terrorist, then letting them enter the US makes us more vulnerable to letting ISIS members in as well, mascarading around as the same refugees that are running from them in the first place. 
this analogy is horseshit: Syrian Muslims are not threatened with genocide. The Yazidis and Kurds ,only, are, as were the Jews. Using the term "Syrian refugees" so broadly dishonours the legacy of The Holocaust.
Modern Muslims = 1940s Jews


I hate to break it to Reddit and this liberal sub but more Americans support no longer accepting refugees and fighting ISIS than not. 
Democrat here. This isn't xenophobia. If they can't be properly vetted, why should we risk our own citizen's lives in the chance that some terrorist may have pretended to be a Syrian refugee to get here? 

Why aren't we putting pressure on the wealthy Baltic nations to take refuges? Why has Saudi Arabia taken none? What's wrong with the concept of an international safe zone where a coalition can protect it rather than placing them into our country?

Why does the only solution have to be, Accept them on your own land or you're a xenophobe?

Sry, this is ridiculous and I find it extremely disappointing that so many here are just, without thought, accepting the media's narrative.
Oh right. The great FDR, the champion of progressivism and hero of the liberal left, turned away.
Turning away people because their ideology is overwhelmingly **and demonstrably** the antithesis of a free and open society is not bigotry.  According to last *PEW* poll done in Europe over 70% of practicing Muslims supported further "terrorist" attacks.  That's not some fringe minority.
Some people think Obama and/or "the left" has stoked up the divide and racism we've seen of late, but that's plain wrong. It's always been there, the crazy republicans/tea-party derps and their dog-whistle media have just made it cool and acceptable to rant about it in public. Their rage and fear-based media feeds right into their victim mentality, constantly telling them what to be scared of and who's supposedly coming to take away their rights/guns/freedoms.

The good thing is that it's outing them, showing how ugly that side is, helping moderates and those undecided in the middle, avoid that party at all cost.
It's in our long term interest to help the refugees.

If we don't let refugees in, then ISIS has a larger population of people from which to draw resources. It allows the separation of people into captive subgroups with few options which ISIS can much more easily recruit a person at a time.

If we do let refugees in, we provide a long term inoculation against future terrorism. People will remember who helped them when they were fleeing their homes. Fighting terrorism isn't just drones, and troops, and guns, there is a human side that we keep downplaying which can be much more effective than throwing more and more military might into the fray.
We don't want immigrants so now we're Xenophobes? I don't even give a shit what you label me. Go for it, racist, xenophobic. I don't want these people here, regardless.
Protecting *our* citizens comes before your feels.
If the brothers that bombed the Boston Marathon were refugees, and it's true that one of the attackers on the 13th was a refugee, why do we act like there isn't a point to being reluctant on taking these people in? Honestly am I missing something here? Not a fan of the right and some of the stuff Trump has been saying this week has been disgusting but the core of the issue still seems to be that this could be a mistake. 
It just seems to me this article makes a false equivalency between what happened in 1939 and what's happening now. 
Are you fucking serious? This has nothing to do with republicans or xenophobia. America has been bombing the shit out of Syria, how do we know one of the refugees isnt a terrorist that's gonna avenge his people?
I'm trying to remember when Jewish extremists endlessly murdered Americans and Westerners. Over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over.

And don't try comparing the Irgun and Lehi to the shit Muslim "extremists" have been pulling since the '83 Beirut bombing 
I would rather not have them over here too. Lotta bad seeds come out of the Middle East. 
Love how we just went from "fuck ISIS! Kill them all! They came in as refugees! No refugees!" And now we are back to "Republicans r bad. Refugees r good." We can't even take care of our poor and homeless, my dudes.
Just wondering, didn't we turn them away with the understanding that they were going to be picked up else where?
I fully support taking ME refugees. I also think we should ask them to integrate and adopt western ideologies. Does that make me racist?
As much as I care about refugees, some are ex ISIS members who decided to puss out.
The federal government has stated that there is no way to vet these people.

Until they can be vetted, they should not be allowed here.

War is indeed a zero sum game.
The terrorists will get in anyway, because they have the means and support to get in without disguising themselves as refugees.

The only people that are hurt by not accepting refugees are the legitimate ones who are trying to get away from a terrible situation. 

Simply saying "terrorism" is not a good argument against accepting refugees.
It's not really the same. I'm not an apologist either. Within the Jewish population there was no sign of terrorism. The Jews were fleeing what I could call, the ultimate terrorism.  

I doubt there are many of at all any terrorists amongst the Syrian refugees. They are fleeing homelessness and war. The Paris attacks might give us pause to overlook our screening process though.  
So we are now xenophobic if we don't want some bullshit shoved down our throats?  Fuck all those refugees, it's not like they are leaving Canada or Mexico, or even Cuba.  They are leaving fucking SYRIA which means you have to travel god damn far and wide to get here, cross a god damn huge ocean that there shit boat wouldn't normally survive.  So how are they getting here?  

Open your fucking eyes, they are going to shoot up some place in the United States just like France and blame it on Syrians to get us to go to war.  

I sure as fuck wouldn't want a penny of my tax dollars going to help any of these people.  It's not like we didn't manufacture the process to start with.  
Were the Jewish immigrants machine gunning people down in the streets? 
This is an extremely ugly turn of events when the Liberal New Media is trying to equate Syrian migrants to the Jewish people.


      What I think people fail to realize here is that France also had taken in these refugees. ISIS sent in their own cells mixed in with these refugees.
       Now, ISIS has already said that it wants to attack the United States. They will undoubtedly send more terror cells along with the incoming refugees. We are litteraly setting ourselves up for an attack. Not wanting to bring in refugees isn't entirely about racists hating Muslims, is really an intelligent act of self preservation. 
       All you fucks that want to be the good person and house refugees, just know that you are risking lives. France did it, and they got multiple ISIS attacks in return. So, if you're a fan of 9/11 and future attacks, then by all means, bring em' in. Just know that you were the ones who allowed ISIS cells into your country to kill your fellow man and citizen. 
       Don't look down on someone for not wanting to take in these refugees. Not everyone who doesn't want them is a racist. We just don't want a 9/11 #2.
Socialist Europe must be secretly conservative then since they also don't want any more refugees. Or is there a certain number you can allow in before you're allowed to be prejudiced?
These people were already refugees in other countries. They are simply looking for a welfare state to attach themselves to. 70% of muslims in France are on welfare.
There is a HUGE difference between the SS St. Louis incident and the current one. The SS St. Louis did not have people on it that might wanted to kill innocent Americans. 
What junk. You are all insane if you think there is no security risk.
The US is the largest refugee asylum grantor in the world and has been for a while.

We have a very detailed and highly managed system in place for  managing refugees.  We have been doing so for a long time. 

Burma, Iraq, and Somalia make up our largest refugee intakes.  Obama has drawn up a plan to bring in an extra 10000 Syrian refugees in order to help the estimated 4.1 million that have fled the war there.  

The US policy has been to respond to wars and disasters by increasing refugee intake caps as Obama is doing with Syria.  

This is normal folks.  


&gt;Rather than Trump’s male-heavy flood of 250,000 coming to the United States, only 2,200 Syrians have been admitted in the past four years (10,000 are expected over the next year) and 70 percent have been either women or children under age 14. 

Holy shit, I did not know that. **And they want to turn these people back!?** This is exactly what an evil villain twirling his mustache in a dark room would do: "Get rid of the women and children first!" 

&gt;The situation here is “entirely different” from Europe, where Syrian refugees are flooding across borders. Here, an ocean away from the conflict, they aren’t admitted until they are vetted for at least 18 months.

This is exactly what I've been saying on reddit for weeks. Syrians can't just walk to America. The processing is thorough and takes a shit-ton of time. I'll admit that Europe needs to take a different approach than we do, but we've barely had any troubles from middle easterners in America. (We've got like 2 million of them living here, working and living with very good standards.)

&gt;No terrorist incident has ever been traced to somebody admitted through the American refugee resettlement program. 

Fuck yes someone said it. 1000 people died from cops in the past year. White supremacists have killed more people than terrorists in the last ten years. *Immigrants have been shown to have lower crime rates than native born Americans.* To put that into perspective: **You are in greater danger speaking to an American-born than you are to a legal American Muslim refugee.**

&gt;A plurality of refugees admitted to the United States from all destinations are Christian. A disproportionate number of refugees from Iraq admitted to the United States have been Christian. And while most — but not all — of the Syrian refugees so far are Muslim, this makes sense because “it’s a mostly Muslim country and most of the victims are Muslim.”

I'm not Christian enough to know this, but isn't it un-Christian to embrace only Christians and not non-Christians?
Not that I agree with this, but Jewish people then or now don't blow themselves up all over the world (other than contested Israel/Palestine,I guess) because Judaism is the true religion and infidels need to die..,
Oh, GOOD COMPARISON! EXCEPT FOR THE HUGE, OBVIOUS DIFFERENCE THAT EUROPEAN JEWRY HAD NO HISTORY OF TERRORISM!

Can we try not to be idiots here?
I find it interesting that Reddit will jump on the bandwagon bashing republicans about American Antisemitism, but at the same time they will engage in Antisemitism.  And yes I'm talking to all of the Israel bashers who have a hard time understanding why they sabre rattle so much, even in light of the Paris Attacks.
Check out the self-righteousness in this thread.  People pretending that they would give two fucks of a shit about this boat if they were alive back then.  
Comparing Jews to Muslims is like comparing... Jews to Muslims.
So /r/politics has become a Republican hatefest with no chance of objectivity huh? I"m affiliated with neither sides but the SJW and self righteous hypocrisy of you SJW democrats is getting beyond insufferable.
It's not an issue of racism whatsoever, it's a matter of national security.  If tainted milk is discovered in a grocery store, they pull the entire batch off the shelves.  This is common sense.  I say set the refugees up in a contained area and defend that small area in Syria.  Makes going home after the conflict much easier.  No culture shock, no climate shock, no risk.
Anybody mention that the 5 biggest countries in the middle east are taking a combined total of zero refugees?
They aren't fleeing for their lives. This sensationalist bullshit has got to end. They're sitting safe in refugee camps in Lebanon and Turkey along with millions of other refugees. So unless you think Lebanon and Turkey are going to start a holocaust you can fuck right off with that fleeing for their lives crap.
Xenophobic huh? I'm sure anybody with a fucking brain that works properly can see this is a bad idea. Not because of the people fleeing for their lives, but ISIS is already in the U.S., and allowing these immigrants to just walk on would put the icing on the cake for them. Seriously, the U.S. Should take care of its own before trying to bring in other people. Yeah, it's a terrible situation they're in, but you can't save everybody.  That's just the truth people don't want to hear. These people have been killing since the beginning of time, so allowing immigrants in the country is going to slow them down? How fucking stupid can someone possibly be? 
[It is exactly what ISIS wants.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bsIR3Q4zgOg)
fucking racists, refusing to take in thousands of muslims. What is there to fear? Look how well it worked out in France.
[deleted]
We'll take plenty of Jewish refugees if Israel gets overrun. 
weird how the people who go into church buildings each week act less christian than atheists (smart and compassionate towards the needy/weak)
Didn't know there were Jews trying to blow people up. Hmm.
Ya, except Jews weren't shooting, bombing, and causing terror attacks. Also, you didn't have Jewish countries NEXT door who could easily take them as they spoke the same language, had the same culture, and shared the same religion. Oh and were fucking rich! I'm talking about Quatar, Saudi Arabia, and even Iran.
"Bigotry"  and "Xenophobe"  in one title. 

You know, using a word so often just makes it lose its luster. 

Keep refugees out. 
Trump's Southern Strategy
I'm so exhausted of hyper liberal internet articles showboating around. I almost want to not vote Democrat out of spite at this point.
Could someone explain why we should allow the refugees into the USA?

I have no issue with someone being of Muslim Faith and/or Arabic decent. I'm looking at other reasons. Anyone who wants to turn em away for Arabic decent or Muslim Faith is an asshole.

My Concerns are as follows.

1) Bigotry and Xenophobia towards other cultures and religions in the USA would lead to them being treated as second class citizens despite legally they wouldn't be.

2) We have enough problems with our own citizens living on the streets, unable to get a living wage, having trouble gaining access to healthcare despite the ACA. How can we take care of refugees if we can't take care of ourselves?

3) Obviously there is the real threat that terrorists may use the USA accepting refugees as a way to sneak their agents into our country and that could cause American's to get killed. This isn't something impossible as it has happened before in Europe. If I'm not mistaken wasn't one of the terrorists responsible for the recent shit in France a Syrian Refugee who came into Europe through Greece?

4) If we do let them in how can we protect them? If a member of ISIS or some other terrorist organization slips through and makes an attack on US Soil you know damn well that there will be American citizens who live near or around the refugees who will want to retaliate against innocent people for the acts of some terrorists assholes. Can we protect them in this worse case scenario? 

5) What will we do with them once shit in their home country dies down and its more or less if not completely completely safe for them return? Do we ship em back? Do we keep em here? Nobody talks about if this is a permanent relocation or temporary.
Dems will sit back and name call, but they won't stand up and do anything substantive on behalf of the ideals they hide behind. Their plan is to just drag their feet and let in so few people in that it doesn't even really matter. 
I understand the sentiment as a grandchild of holocaust survivors, but there is a difference here.  Nazis were not disguising themselves as Jews to infiltrate the United states.  It was easy to distinguish between the two.  Letting Jews in wasn't a threat to national security, but a perceived threat to resources.  

In this case, letting in Syrian immigrants could mean letting in supporters of isis and isis themselves.  They look the same, speak the same language, have the same documentation,  etc.  I understand wanting to be the United states who does not turn away those in need, but this could genuinely be the way isis gets into the United states and we should be skeptical for our own safety.

  
If you aren't questioning the unvetted immigration of thousands of people who have radically different ideas of freedom than you do especially when it comes to religion and after what happened in Paris, you are living in a fantasy world in your head. It only takes one or two of them not liking what they see in the USA to make another Boston Marathon-like bombing occur. The big question is why do we have to bring them to the USA? Can't we provide help for them while they stay there?
Pretty sure that Jews back then weren't actively trying to infiltrate our society in order to blow themselves and us up, or shoot hundreds of Americans.  There is a definite difference.  At what point do we protect ourselves against the threat of attack? When it's too late like in Paris?  We wait until after our brothers and sisters are killed to do anything about it?  By then it's too damn late.  

Mark my words... The attack on Paris won't be the last attack in Europe.  With hundreds of thousands of 'refugees' already there, it's an almost certainty that there are others who made it in and are planning additional attacks on their own.

A policy of total prevention is a good idea.  If you're so concerned about these people, invite them to your home; or better yet, go there and help them yourselves.
Yeah, but I'd say that situation was worse than this because there was no threat of nazis posing as Jews in order to carrying out mass murder attempts. I don't know how legitimate that threat is to us today, or if it's larger than the unaddressed threats within our own boarders, but we should try to do everything within our power to try to prevent the harm of our own people even if that means delaying the acceptance of refuges. 
Eventual Post War Syria will be better off if these economic refugees stay in Turkey.   Syria will recover better from brain drain and post war problems if these people are right next door and more likely to go back.  
It honeslty doesn't matter if there are terrorists embedded with the refugees or not. We should still take as many refugees as we can.  

The notion that we should refuse people sanctuary in the name of national security is utterly wrong. This is a war of ideas, a war of values. If we compromise our ideals, our national identity, the soul of America, for perceived security, then we have already lost.  

Nothing is for certain, safety is never guaranteed. Terrorists will always find a way to strike us. Turning away refugees will not make us safe. We should do what is right, because it is right and for no other reason. Thats the American way. Thats how we beat ISIS by doing what's right in spite of them, by never surrendering an inch of our humanity in the face of their depravity.
Whatever happened to "give me your tired and weak?"
Residence in a first world country is not an entitlement citizens and the economy first.
The States have a right to not take these people in. It's as simple as that.
No room in Iran? Or Saudi Arabia, Qatar, etc...?
And with every bigoted remark, ISIS gains more ammo to turn normal Muslims into extremists, and move towards their goal of holy war.
In response to the argument that we (the U.S.) shouldn't take in refugees because there's been Muslim countries who have refused refugees: why do you want to hold our country to the same standard as them? We should be taking in refugees, regardless of what other countries decide to do. It's morally right, the perceived risk is far greater than the actual risk, and America, a nation of immigrants and refugees, should take the lead. It's time to actually put American exceptionalism to the test and take in the huddled masses.
This has nothing to do with xenophobia.  What a ridiculous accusation, especially when Republican governors have taken 2x as many refugees as Democratic governors.

The issue is security.  The fear is not that Syrian refugees are somehow terrible terrorists; the fear is that someone who is a terrorist, and maybe not even Syrian, will sneak in with legitimate refugees.  Syrian passports are not hard to fake and records are scarce.  We need the federal government to tell us how they are doing this screening, and we need to learn more about the people involved in the Paris attacks, and whether they moved in and out of Syria by pretending to be refugees.

If you disagree with the left on anything they instantly throw out claims of racism, sexism, xenophobia, etc.  It's disgusting.  We can't have reasoned debate in this country anymore.
I saw Trump speak last night in Knoxville, TN and was disgusted by what he had to say. He said that if he even suspected someone was going to attack America, he would "bomb the shit out of them." Then said "I don't care." He said he would block all Syrian refugee movement by using our military to force them back in to Syria, and constantly brought up how *all* muslims in America are part of some underground plot to destroy the country. The worst part was how crazy people went, cheering their heads off when he mentioned destroying the "liberal agenda" and calling Islam an enemy. We *can't* have someone like this as our president, a completely xenophobic asshat who thinks the solution to everything is a bigger military. 
I think people need to stop fearing liberals calling them xenophobes and racists. It's like the new term for Nazi. The term isn't applied honestly and the only people who call normal rational people that aren't worth winning their favor.


The fact of the matter is that we've sold arms to dictatorships in the Middle East for decades, right or wrong. We've also bombed the shit out of those countries for decades. Many of the civilians from the Middle East now despise us. We'd have to be insane to invite them to our country. Then pay for their living expenses so they don't have to work giving them all the time in the world to conspire and plot.


Furthermore, I don't understand why liberals are so quick to defend the most authoritarian, anti-women, conservative belief system on earth. So conservative they give Attila the Hun a run for his money. 


If you don't believe that their belief system is backwards or that it's a "minority" of Muslims, go look at the statistics. Most Muslims think you should go to prison or be killed for offending their sky God. Most of them believe that Islam and western values are incompatible and irreconcilable.


Liberals really need to think their position on this issue through. We, Americans, your brothers, are trying to warn you but you're not listening and not bothering to even give us the time of day.


When the attacks start here and it turns out that some of the refugees were involved, look back upon this time. And remember you defended these people. And when you're done, just remember you have to look in the mirror when you're looking for someone to blame.
I'm so sick and tired of this.  This whole refugee crisis is entirely based on muh feels.  
Rejecting boatloads of Jews was wrong because they were peaceful and actually fleeing ovens.  These are Muslims who may be interspersed with extreme Muslims and have other places they can go.  It's a bad comparison.  
 
The difference is that the Jews really were fleeing for their lives and were sent back to their deaths. That is not true with the vast majority of Syrian "refugees" who are actually economic migrants.
If we let in, say, a 100,000 Syrian refugees, would the risk of domestic terrorism go up?  Probably.

Is it worth it, to save families - tens of thousands of them children - from starvation, hypothermia and deliberate murder?  Definitely.

The American civilian population needs to relinquish the fantasy of having the divine right to be 100% safe, 24/7, just because we're American special snowflakes.  Admitting that I have outspoken problems with religion and Islam in particular, this isn't a religious problem.  It's a human problem.
I feel for the refugees but we can't open the floodgates to such a poisonous culture without at least watering it down with some sort of assimilation program. 

They're going to bring all their backwards religion and old world rivalries over here. We're basically transplanting the cancer of the Middle East into the tissue of our nation and hoping we don't contract cancer.
[deleted]
And this is why the Jews came back decades later to conquer the state of Florida... Never forget!
[deleted]
[deleted]
I'm not saying that republicans are right, but isn't it a false analogy since the republicans (at least claim) that they are afraid of the Syrians being terrorists?
How come most of these people "fleeing for their lives" are military-age men? Few women &amp; children to be found. But hey, let's not quibble, just let them all in and we'll sort it out later!
I disagree, and calling it xenophobia is sensationalist. By using the term xenophobia it seems you are trying to scare people into agreeing with you, no one wants to be a "phob". People from that region of the world that have subscribed to the religion of Islam are the problem... they are a huge problem. And those that are the problem need to be killed off because they will not stop until they hurt innocent people. Of course not all of those folks are a problem, of course. And I bet that the majority of refugees are just wanting a place to rest and feel somewhat safe. My hope is that the most vulnerable people are slowly allowed in, treated fairly but heavily monitored. This is a bad situation and there is not going to be an ideal outcome. That said, I hope all Americans reading this that agree or disagree deeply appreciate our country... albeit ridiculous at times... we must band together to make the smartest, safest decision to secure our children's future first and foremost. 
I think it would be a more accurate equation if it were a boat full of Germans during the Third Reich.
Except that they were willing to assimilate and didn't come with an inbuilt desire to harm their host country.

These "refugees", mostly men, only want the host to cater to them.  This is evident from Rotherham, to Paris, and all over Sweden.
Is it xenophobia? Is it bigotry? Or is it politics...All it takes is one Syrian refugee drunk driver to kill someone and your political career is over. Terrorist attack? You'd be branded a traitor for perpetuity.
Was it a Nazi strategy to hide nazis within the refugees to infiltrate the countries they were sent to?  NOPE.

I think a more fitting analogy would be to what one does to prevent a Trojan horse.  That is exactly what the terrorists are:  Trojan horse's mixed in with refugees.  Because we cannot do accurate background checks on the refugees coming in, there is pretty much no viable way to filter them out.

So that said, there are two choices:  take in refugees knowing that you are allowing ISIS in or turn them away for now.
I had no idea so many people were this terrified. These comments have the same sentiment and vitriol that happened right after 9/11. Can't wait for Iraq 3.0 and the new UberNSA. Then these same posters will call us "sheeple" in 8 years. 
Everybody in the GOP is a crazy person, shouldn't be surprised by now.
Don't compare my people to those third world savages.

The majority of them support Sharia law and medieval punishments. Ffs they're not even refugees, the majority are economic migrants. You're seriously comparing them to a people who were being slaughtered in the millions by a genocidal regime?
Elected officials should represent the wishes of the people... and in this case, if public opinion is against taking in 100,000+ *"refugees"*, then we shouldn't take them in.  Plain and simple.

* The SS St. Louis comparison is absurd. People love comparing modern crisis to events in the past, yet they always neglect to consider that it's a completely different world now. Most importantly, there was zero threat of terrorism at that time.  

* In this modern PC era, people love to play the race card, and in this case the xenophobic card. Unfortunately, being "tolerant" isn't going to save lives or prevent any possible attacks in the future.  Again, if we lived in a democracy, then our elected officials would be looking out for our interests rather than ignoring the voices of our people in favor of opposing countries.

* One last thing about xenophobia... look at a country like Japan. They aren't as closed off as some other countries. But they cherry pick the people they allow into their country. Obviously it's easier for them to limit what comes in geographically, but the fact that they've limited the muslims that enter the country has allowed them to be free thus far from any sort of radical islamic violence. Sure, that's an extreme measure, but maybe, just maybe, there's something to it. 
While progressive abstract ideology, that which can take an incident from 75 years ago and equate it as proof of present day Republican xenophobia,  is alive and well here, much of the Reddit community has undertaken an amazing transition towards pragmatic realism.  

Campus rape culture accusations, safe places, male suicide rates, immigration policies that cost them job oportunities and lower wages, inept foreign policy.  In each of these areas millennials are beginning to question the rationality of progressive liberal ideology.  In the long run your destructive brand will prevail and will bring down the Empire.  But do not be surprised if there is a turn in the near future that you are not capable of comprehending why.
I actually want to have a rational discussion about this but I feel like that's impossible. If you don't want them, you're a racist xenophobe. If you want them then you will cause terrorism to grow. 
If I presented you with a bowl of candy and told you that *only one piece* was poisonous....  Would you still be willing to eat from that bowl?
 The primary notion we must contemplate is, if we let Syrian refugees in and then have an attack such as that in Paris or worse what will be the outcome? Furthermore, the US has been unable to house its own homeless, take care of its own Veterans or own children. This is a high risk low reward scenario exposing Americans to unnecessary potential harm. It is a tough policy decision but if any Americans die due to an large influx of Syrian refugees I would expect serious backlash against our government.

Also, the American media never likes to show the aftermath of these events. Here is what happens to a concert hall when terrorists enter: [NSFL] (http://www.express.co.uk/news/world/619536/Bloodbath-Paris-89-killed-mass-execution-Bataclan-theatre)
The people on that boat didn't have secret fanatical factions that were trying to kill us.  Slight difference.  
What the hell kind of partisan astroturfing is this OP.  This isn't necessarily a group of peace loving refugees just fleeing their country and we've been told that ISIS is looking to exploit the situation to get terrorists into the country.  Lets not forget the tsarnaev brothers were also refugees.  It isn't xenophobic if there is reason and here there is even if you don't particularly care for it.
 Syrian refugee discussion is pissing me the f*ck off.
When did all these good christian Americans become such pussy f*cking cowards. Lotsa faith in your so called lord on display today in facebook comments thats for sure. And lotsa totally unchristian values on display. The bible is very clear on what to do with refugees, even christ was supposedly a refugee....

Hypocritical unthankful unsympathetic bigots is all I see from these "christians". 

When did americans become so afraid that they are even having difficulty with the idea of helping a group made up 75% of women and children??!?!

Dont take them in?? Thats exactly what ISIS wants. Then they can present these refugees with the choice of "join us or die".

You people disgust me. How the hell do I move my family out of this chickenshit country? You people want war but you dont want to deal with war. Grow up and face reality. This is what your wars and meddling in the middle east creates... refugees!
When someone can prove to me that these refugees' identities are 100% verifiable, I'll jump on board. But anything short of 100% opens the door for ISIS scum to do the same thing they did in France and enter disguised as refugees. 
How is this even upvoted? 
Liberal and labels. Can you guys get a new playbook?
Remember when Republicans said All Lives Matter? Then again they were afraid a bunch of kids from Centeal America were ISIS agents too.  
So not wanting a bunch of Muslims who are completely against western culture and who would fail miserably at integrating like they have in Europe is xenophobic?

Come the fuck on, leftists are stretching it here.

Also reminds me of how Canada is having a large issue with honor killings with all the Muslim refugees they've accepted in the past.

I'm usually pro-immigration especially being the son of immigrants but seriously, the problem with middle eastern refugees is they as a people simply refuse as a whole to accept western thought and culture. Just look at some of the news reports coming out of Europe of the massive violence and sexual abuse in refugee centers, and let's not forget these are mostly men by the way. Or just look at the so-called "moderate" Muslims who have been interviewed recently after the Paris attacks who are shocked that people want them to integrate into French culture and society.

We already have ample proof of what these refugee's act like in western society thanks to Europe's massive refugee boner, it's not like we don't know how these refugee's refuse to integrate.

It's like they're competing on who can be the biggest bigot.
Note: Yet, liberals want to ban ALL guns, because of some bad seeds... Pathetic. I guess Liberals want to see more people die.
i'm not a republican and i don't want Syrian refugees coming here.
Do we want to defeat ISIS and I mean really defeat them? Then we need to take in more refugees, way more. We need to become the best friend of the Muslim community and show them that huddled masses can become great under American opportunity.
They are cowards, nothing else. History will remember.

They like to sashay in their GI Joe outfits and show their semi-automatic manhood supplement, but when it's time to stand for principles of human decency they show their real color.

They claim a christian monopoly on morality until people who daily experience worse than the Paris attacks come calling. Then the door of compassion is shut.

They claim to be pro-life, but not pro Syrian lives.
oh no, a random refugee boat 70 years ago wasnt accepted into the US. if only they would have said yes, then the world would be beautiful again
From a speech given by a KKK Imperial Wizard in 1925

"Finally, we believe that all foreigners were admitted
with the idea, and on the basis of at least an implied
understanding, that they would become a part of us,
adopt our ideas and ideals, and help in fulfilling our
destiny along those lines, but never that they should be
permitted to force us to change into anything else.
This is the basic idea of the Klan. There is, perhaps,
much to be said for the liberal idea of making America
a mongrel nation, but that involves the two points
which, as I have pointed out, the Klan will not debate.
We hold firmly that America belongs to Americans,
and should be kept American. . . . The whole purpose
of the Klan is to bring this belief to fulfillment. We
make many mistakes, but we are doing this one thing,
and no one else is even trying to do it. Within a few
years the America of our fathers will either be saved or
lost, and unless some other way is found, all who wish
to see it saved must work with us. "
Race-baiting aside, has anyone bothered to step back and consider how the Nazi's ethnic cleansing affected Europe?  It set the region back and ISIS is doing the same thing to Syria and that region.  There are other factors involved here beyond the political preferences of misguided people on *both* sides of this issue.

If the ultimate goal here is to provide these people with a safe haven and to make that region of the world less radical, then removing the more moderate elements of the Syrian/Iraqi population is the absolute worst thing to do since it will guarantee that the region becomes *more* extremist and unstable, not less so.  This is precisely what ISIS wants!

I'm not suggesting that we throw defenseless people into a warzone.  Instead, I'm suggesting that the world meet their needs elsewhere in the middle east until such time that they can be returned home with assistance to rebuild their wartorn country.  It's a lot easier to return home to Syria from the middle east than it is to return from across the Atlantic ocean.  Tearing these people away from a home they have known their whole lives and for generations is inhumane and cruel.   
[deleted]
It's quite ironic how the same people who consistay rant on facebook saying "Blah, blah, Obama is a Hitler!"  are the same people who support the alienation of Syrian refugees fleeing from having their families raped and murdered and support Trump's policies to remove all of the illegal aliens and build a wall at the border.  It's actually quite sad how unintelligent the United States has collectively become and will result in our inevitable demise.
I guess people don't understand what's going on in France. It's okay, Liberals. I know it's hard to think logically. 
Sorry folks but I'm not going to lump in with the rest of you this time. I'm progressive and Liberal as they come and i wear that proudly, but I cannot agree with those of who you lean so far left your brains get stretched across the event horizon of no return. Many republicans are obviously xenophobic and get lost in the abyss of their own right wing politics...nothing ever rigth wing enough for them, but we on the Left have to start admitting the same is true on our side. So let me say at this time I DO NOT favor allowing syrian refugees assylum. We all saw how it went down in Paris... we know what those bastards did... and considering that we must not allow our empathy  to override our common sense. NOW IS NOT THE TIME ! 


It's time we start prioritizing for OUR people FIRST. Now is not the time for bringing in refugees from hostile foreign lands, whom a deadly and cowardly enemy who has already proven they will Trojan in to carry out their terrorist agendas. Threat levels have to be distinguished, and certain countries present more a threat than others #1 and 2 are Syria and Iraq these extenuating circumstances require us to apply much more caution and "push the brakes".

I understand that most of them are fleeing a deadly and hopeless situation, but we cannot afford to let even one hostile slip through or what happened in Paris may happen here. Just recently, three Syrian nationals were caught in San Marteen in the Caribbean with fake Greek credentials. What were they doing...? http://timescaribbeanonline.com/2015/11/16/three-syrians-arrested-in-st-maarten-with-false-greek-travel-documents/

Sometimes some of us get so blinded by Our empathy we forget to think rationally. I feel sorry for all the innocent Syrians and Iraqi's fleeing Daesh, but now is simply not the time to be admitting them to the country. Perhaps once we have more intelligence and information on would be refugees, and after this situation has been proven to be stabilized, only then it would be more appropriate to start considering it. Say what you will but i feel it's a very bad time to allow this, and we need to take care of our own desperate citizens first. 

Edit: DAESH DAESH DAESH DAESH ! ISLAMIC BIGOTS !!!!
 Do these retards not realize that their comparison is complete bollocks?  Jews were victims of genocide by Germans.  Christians and Yazidis are being slaughtered and raped by Muslims.  You would need to turn away a ship full of German Christians for the analogy to be correct.  You would need to turn away a ship full of Iraqi/Syrian Christians and Yazidis.  

The thing that the mainstream media and Democrats fear more than anything is a united Republican party that actually stands behind the American people.  


Then I gotta ask, what is the point of our borders if God's dominion is the whole of this Earth?  Hell, the Universe.  There are no illegal aliens in that situation.
Welp, I've been saying for a while that Rubio was the only viable candidate the GOP had. Guess that theory's out the window.
&gt; “We are clearly called, in the Bible, to adhere to our civil authorities, but that conflicts with also a requirement to adhere to God’s rules. When those two come in conflict, **God’s rules always win.** In essence, if we are ever ordered by a government authority to personally violate and sin, violate God’s law and sin, if we’re ordered to stop preaching the gospel, if we’re ordered to perform a same-sex marriage as someone presiding over it, we are called to ignore that. We cannot abide by that because government is compelling us to sin.”

It's a big fat strawman. There is no governmental mandate for religious persons to perform same-sex marriages. 
So like sharia law? 
We REALLY need a politician on any side of the aisle to finally stand up and state publicly "We are NOT a Theocracy, and politicians trying to drag religion into politics are WRONG" 
When a Presidential candidate says that his God's rule will always supersede Constitutional laws, he should automatically be disqualified.
There's an xkcd for that: https://xkcd.com/154/
Annnd another one of the GOP field disqualifies themselves from being competent to hold the Presidency. 
&gt;The United States is Governed by God

So then why do we have all of these overpaid politicians?
The GOP Imam trying to outGod each other is pushing independents further left so it may be a good thing.
Yeah, how are those religious governments working out?
God is almost as absent from lawmaking as Marco Rubio 
Time to draft up some legislation that outlaws Christian Law in the United States. 
Whose God, Marco?  there are so many of them to choose from...
Then let's talk about the things the Bible forbids that the GOP has no outrage over, we can start with divorce. 
Never go full God, Rubio.
Hey, Marco: see Article VI of the US Constitution, second and third paragraphs.

"This Constitution, and the laws of the United States which shall be made in pursuance thereof; and all treaties made, or which shall be made, under the authority of the United States, shall be the supreme law of the land; and the judges in every state shall be bound thereby, anything in the Constitution or laws of any State to the contrary notwithstanding.

The Senators and Representatives before mentioned, and the members of the several state legislatures, and all executive and judicial officers, both of the United States and of the several states, shall be bound by oath or affirmation, to support this Constitution; but no religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust under the United States."

The weirdest part of this?  The Bible itself commands a separation between Church and State:

"Render unto Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and unto God the things that are God's"  - Jesus.

"My kingdom is not of this world. If my kingdom were of this world, my servants would have been fighting, that I might not be delivered over to the Jews. But now my kingdom is not from the world"  - Jesus.


The problem isn't (exactly) that Rubio wants to lead by a Christian example -- It's that he doesn't understand his own religion.  He'd use Government to advance a CONSERVATIVE agenda, because he can't differentiate between his own political beliefs and biblical teaching... and in areas where they conflict wildly, (i.e. providing for the poor, veterans, elderly, disabled... giving free health care... ect.), he will always favor the Conservative teachings over religious ones.
The unbelievably bizarre thing is that they assume Christian == Christian... Why the fuck are there 5 church denominations on just my street. Can u imagine how much arguing would occur if we decided we were "Christian" and had to fight about which type?? These people don't know Christianity from the hole in their ass. 
No theocracies in 2016. Thank you very much. 
"Art. 11. As the Government of the United States of America is not, in any sense, founded on the Christian religion;"

-Treaty of Tripoli, 1796 
*reads title*

Well, maybe he's just trying to say that the government is governed by the nature of the current situation and not specifically the constitution. God, reddit can get really circlejer...

*reads article*

Oh.
I got downvoted last time, but I'll say it again. 





Keep religion out of fucking politics. 
ISIS is governed by "god" too...
Dis..............................qualified
Sounds fine to me..

IF god shows up personally, with convincing proof of identity

Otherwise, what he is saying is to give more power to unelected religious leaders
Does this mean he can't take the Oath of Office?  
Religion and state are supposed to be separate..
And this is the most moderate Republican candidate?

Shouldn't that disqualify him from holding public office.  Their oath was to the Constitution.. 
Then people lose their shit when you call out far right extremism.

Literally Christian sharia law.
"God made me do it, Judge."

Rubio's roadside billboard: JESUS RULES
YIKES.
I hereby call for a vote of non-confidence against God. Seriously, it's been 239 years since he became President-For-Life and he still hasn't shown up to work ONCE.
Can we write a new constitution then?
So uh, about that whole following God's law thing...Romans 13: 1-7 pretty much say that the government is appointed by God and that you should listen to them as they wield God's authority...or did I misunderstand that?
30 years ago, I doubt anybody knew that the posterboys for republican insanity in 2015 would be a bunch of mexicans
Somebody must have told him the only way to move up on Carson and Trump is to start acting as bat-shit crazy as they do. 
"....... and that is why I have absolutely no fucking business being president, much less a sitting United States senator."
-Marco Rubio 
Render unto Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and unto God the things that are God's. Not that Christians have ever been known to actually follow their holy book.
Please God protect us from your extremist fundamentalist followers- 
I'd love to have a completely non-religious candidate who understands that government has nothing to do with anyone's faith...sad to think how far away that day is from coming
No Marco Rubio, it is not. 
&gt;We hold these truths to be self evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty, and the pursuit of Happiness.

Given that's what our Declaration of Independence states and it invokes the concept of equality through unalienable Rights, how does Rubio reconcile this with the Biblical view where human being may not be able to enjoy these same Rights because of XYZ?  Did the founding fathers mess up what God meant/intended?  Are people not allowed the Right to pursue happiness because they may be gay or have an abortion or don't accept Jesus?    
A man that's not afraid of sounding stupid.  
He probably thought God was going to balance his checkbook for him too...  And, look how well that worked out for him.
Lunatic. 
This is insane, it's almost 2016 .. enough with the magical guy in the sky theories.
I don't *hate* Rubio.  I wouldn't vote for him but he is among my top 3 least hated GOP candidates. 

This, however, is a deal breaker. 
Governed by god and yet the GOP is anti government... 
Then, what's the point of you or anyone running for president? Oh, your omnipotent god needs help?
Statements like this prove Rubio is absolutely unfit to be President, let alone any office where he takes an oath to uphold the Constitution. 
idk why people are surprised by this sort of thing anymore...these are people that regularly do not practice what they preach, and what they do preach is incredibly cherrypicked to suit their actions and whatever is most convenient for themselves. there's a reason that the nordic countries, who are renowned for their ability to make democratic socialism work and still have a thriving economy, also lead the world in percentage of atheists.
One can hope that...ah fuck it ...it's just not worth the effort...go fuck yourself Rubio
Me bang sticks and klang rocks for sun god, who is greater than constitution. We sacrifice virgin for volcano next. Oooga boooga.
That's the Taliban right there
Foreign and domestic
&gt; “God’s rule” supersedes Constitutional law

You know... This sounds awfully a lot like certain fundamentalist extremist Islamic State would say... Just sayin'.
If Rubio wins, prepare the lawsuits on behalf of other religions.
Anyone who says this shit should be booted from candidacy. Separation of fucking church and state. If they are so gung ho about their god that the say this stuff they shouldn't be anywhere near government office.
Another one bites the dust
well, golly. Rubio reminds me of some other place, with religious people who want to make EVERYONE follow hat religion and worship its god. this codified religious law has a name too, sha- something. hmmm, /r/tipofmytongue.
In case you needed a reminder that he is not, in fact, some sort of moderate option.
Lost my vote. Evangelicals are the cancer that killed the GOP.
One would hope statements like these would disqualify such an individual.
"Rubio is the electable one"

I hope that when he returned the money that he stole he added 1/5,  like the bible says.
mmm charging up that base
Technically, he's not wrong.  The language used by the Declaration used God as the vital justification of the nation far before the Constitution was even conceived 
I'll bet it's the god of his religion too. What a coincidence!
Which God?
I'm getting tired of Old Testament Christians!
Ok, who's god? There are many...
Rallies against "Sharia Law" in the US. 

Tries to institute the Christian version of the same thing.

This is why I will not take him, or any of his ilk seriously. 
Did you forget about the Separation of Church and State Clause of the First Amendment? You did? Silly Rubio! How you ever got in office with your shenanigans is beyond me!
No... No, I'm pretty sure it's the constitution. I passed my 5th grade history class.
God isn't even a US citizen. Rubio and his god can eat a bowl of dicks.
It's a damn shame the term "fascist" has been so over used to the point of having lost nearly all its meaning. Because you really ought to be able to call a nationalistic, traditionalist, xenophobic, racist warmonger exactly what he is without people just shrugging it off as exaggeration. 
So Rubio will ignore The Constitution if he thinks something within it is sinful.  Wow.  I thought the GOP loved The Constitution.

I mean, I know that they actually do not really care about The Constitution, and it's just lip service to pander to their base.  But man, they are now coming all out and saying publicly that they will not defend The Constitution when it goes against their beliefs.

The GOP is literally losing their minds.  By trying to pander to the ultimate religious right wing crazy section of their party, they are going against everything that would be considered American.  

It's the damndest thing I've ever seen.
Then why is he running for president and not for some kind of religious leader position?
May His noodly appendage be upon you.

Look at him trying to outcrazy Trump. How adorable.
Sure god wouldn't want ass holes like Rubio dirtying his name
I'm going to start a list of crazy shit you'd never hear Trump say.
US electorate: the United States will never be governed by Marco Rubio.

&gt;"While most of the attention this election cycle has been given to presidential candidates Donald Trump and Ben Carson, several others such as Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio have slowly been inching their way up the polls"

So basically the crazier the shit they say is, the higher their numbers are.
Someone needs to throw a book of quotes from the Founding Fathers of America on this man's face. 
People keep saying that Trump is the worst Republicans can get but it's not like his competition is much better.
Maybe he should be a preacher, then.
No, it's not.
Yet another candidate unfit for the presidency because  We are a secular nation not a theocrazy and no invisible magical fairy has anything to do  with  and most certainly does not superscede the constitution he should be charged  with treason because he is one of the candidates who is proving to be a domestic enemy of the constitution trying to undermine the rule of law and institute a theocracy he is yet another unelectable candidate they need to  swear to protect, preserve, and defend the constitution against All enemies foreign and domestic and he can't swear it if he would  disregard the constitution and instead show contempt for it instead and deprive the freedoms of all Americans of All religions other than Judeo Christianity. Any political presidential candidate that would disregard the constitution does so at their own risk and they should have to prove their loyalty and allegiance to this country if they won't  that means their loyalty isn't to America please vote accordingly.
Seriously, are they just trying to out Trump each other now??? I mean, screw reason, the law, the Constitution and reality?  Let's see who can out crazy each other??
Hey, Fuck You Rubio.
The most dangerous level of thought for anyone to have or address, especially as a politician.
Is he running for God? Why didn't become a priest if he wants to work in that paradigm. 
I feel like that statement is treasonous in some way. 
I wish for CNN to grow some balls and ask each and every one of the GOP candidates the following question at the next debate: "As a Presidential candidate for the Office of the United States, which document is most important to you: The Constitution or the Bible?"

Let's see if any of these whack jobs will admit to a theocracy on a national stage.
12 people showed up to his last rally. He doesn't even do his part in Congress. Waste of space.
You're welcome to those beliefs but I want a president who believes in the constitution first. 
The United States is a nation, not a fucking Church. I'm so sick of all these people telling everyone to vote with their bible.
No. No it is not.
nut jobs, all of them
And God has told me that he wants tax cuts for the rich, to cut benefits for the poor, fewer regulations on oil companies, and a war with Iran!

He also said, "Drill, baby, drill!"
Fuck this asshole. Fuck this asshole right in the asshole. 
The GOP wants to turn the US into the Saudi Arabia of Christianity.  
Fear these people. These are the same kind of people that turned the middle-east into a theocratic hell-hole and they're doing everything in their power to do the same to the US.

The only respect they have for secular government is as much as they need to get elected. If people like this wind up in power, they'll go to any length to undo centuries of progress and turn the US into their own personal Sunday school.
Mr. Rubio, can you please reconcile the First Amendment and the First Commandment? 

Yah, Constitution and Amendments win every time. 

You are simply wrong. 
Maybe they should stop for prayer during the next debate. 

I need to see who can pray the hardest so I know who to vote for. 
Whelp. There's the youth vote right out the window. 
Republicans make me embarrassed to call myself a Christian.

These people are handicapped.  
Annnnnnd, he's crazy.
How is what Rubio is saying different from civil disobedience during the Civil rights movement?
Another Republican loser...and nut case.
"Viable" meaning anyone with a pulse. AIR?
Sounds like a politician inching close to being a traitor.
Goodnight sweet prince 
As a conservative democrat, I would love at least one decent GOP candidate to have a sense of choice. This is really just depressing.
I am a Catholic. I usually vote republican. I sure as hell ain't voting for you. 
In that case god sure isn't very good.



Edit: excess W
Well that's just creepy
Where does it say that you idiot? Did the founding fathers leave that bit out of the Constitution or is it in your Bible? What a clown.
I've had a lot of replies in mind but decided I should remind everyone to get the fuck out and vote! And no they won't move the Election Day to Thanksgiving Thursday when you're hopefully off work. Make time for it!
The GOP seriously wants to lead us into a Holy War against Islam and ISIS is more than willing. Even if you hate Hillary or Bernie they are FAR better choices than anything the right is offering up. 
If you can't uphold the Constitution then you don't deserve to hold public office.  Whenever your beliefs prevent you from executing the duties of public office then you resign.
Isn't that basically what Martin Luther King was saying with his public disobedience rallies? That there is a higher set of laws that are above what the Government says?
How can this be the best you can produce (right wing) America!?!?
Fuck Marco Rubio.
Disqualified from the presidency with a single sentence, well done Rubio.
And we had one earlier President who claimed God speaks through him and to him.

The hypocrisy of Republicans is beyond stunning. 
Once again the Republican party just wanted to remind us that Trump is the best candidate they have, and he is horrifying.  
TOOL
Marco Rubio's god is governed by the bankers.
You know who has the exact same viewpoint?  ISIS.  Boom.
I really thought this guy was the only sane Republican candidate in the race, but that went out of the window fast.
The thing about people that claim 'God is in charge' are convinced that, due to their beliefs, they are next in the chain of command.
Then we should let God issue his paycheck...since that's who he chooses to represent.  How can he stand receiving "sinful" wages from the Government of the people, by the people and for the people?  
That's not what he's saying at all. All he is saying is that you shouldn't be forced to do anything that goes against your religious beliefs. He's not tearing apart the First Amendment, he's defending it.
The sad thing is that there are Christians who want the US to be a theocracy 
Yeah, fuck that whole separation of church and state thing. Let's be governed by an invisible magician who only reveals himself to a few, select people. And we should totally believe them when they spread the message that was given to them by the invisible magician.
Just lost any chance at my vote. Nobody wanting Christian Sharia law will get anywhere close to the President's desk.
I swear this kid is just dive-bombing

Atheists for Rubio PAC just disbanded.
I'm pretty far left in my socially liberal ways, but I can't fucking stand Allen Clifton.  He's probably the most pretentious writer I've ever found.
No, your invisible friend has literally nothing to do with my country, you cultist hack.
He needs to be immediately disqualified from consideration. This is horrible, horrible thinking. 
Well this is not at all what he said or meant but whatever, Reddit. Don't let the actual article or context get in the way of good hard anti-religion circlejerk known as /r/politics
This is some faith-militant type shit

God = Koch brothers.
In a sane world, this statement alone would immediately disqualify him from running for office, or from ever being taken seriously at all. Unfortunately, we do not live in a sane world.
Any candidate that says we are a nation of God is a fucking nut.  
...said the Taliban.
This is why, even as a diehard Bernie supporter, I will vote for whoever wins the Democratic nomination. We can't risk having one of these people picking our supreme court justices. 
Not a fan of Rubio but the article here is a little misleading. In the video Rubio explicitly states that a conflict between God's law and the constitution should be resolved through a peaceful effort to change the law, not ignore it. Accusing him of the latter, while even using the same words, is very dishonest.
This man has a mental disorder. People this disconnected from reality need to be institutionalized. 
Please read the quote first. He's saying if the government asks us to do something wrong (sin), for example, murder someone, then we ignore the government and follow God's laws.
The Republican National Committee should encourage reporters to address this important issue in future debates by asking each candidate questions such as: Does God speak to you, if so when and what does God say, do you talk to God, if elected president will you re-try all U.S. prisoners in the Court of God, is the U. S. Supreme Court obsolete?
I hope not. 

I really don't want slavery coming back, nor do I want to force rape victims to marry their rapists, not do I want to send our troops to countries to slaughter every man woman and boy child while keeping the virgin girls as sex slaves. 

I mean, if we're a nation of gods laws, those are laws we should be following. 

Stoning to death bad kids. 

Murdering adulterous women.  

Murdering people who eat shellfish  

Murdering gay people

Murdering non believers. 

Well, really it would be a lot like living in the Islamic state caliphate. 

Gods law is fucking awful. 

Of the 10 commandments 7 are blatantly unconstitutional for crying out loud. 1 is only illegal in a small subset of circumstances and the other 2 have been illegal in every society since we started writing shit down. Thousands of years before the bible was put to paper. 

No, we are fucking not a nation of gods laws. And I'm super happy we aren't. 
The title of this is fucking stupid, please at least watch the damn video before you start bashing him.  I don't want religion in politics and I certainly don't like Rubio a whole lot, but that doesn't mean it's okay to spread bullshit like this.

He didn't say "The United States is governed by god, not the constitution".  He said people are to adhere to gods rule and if the government creates a law that contradicts god's rule, the people should peacefully protest it and seek change.  If you're going to spew bullshit like what's in this posts title, you're no better than them.
Moron
Well, he should have no problem with a single-payer health insurance system then, or any other social safety net.
God said, turn the other cheek.  Not "hold your ground and kill the guy".  The constitution is only referenced when it benefits their agenda or needs for that day.
If only those on the Christian right would actually read/understand the Gospel. Jesus said you are responsible for your own actions. Spread the word not beat others about the head and shoulders with it. God wants believers who make their own choice to follow him.

I am a Christian. Christianity is my choice. I have been given no special rights by the Bible to force others to believe or behave the way I do.

Canadian here - American politicians are scary. 

But how much of this crazy talk is a product of the primary race? Would it be smarter to hold these candidates to what they say after being nominated?
As a Christian I find it laughable that conservatives like Rubio think that they are working in the name of Christ. They are a bunch of bigoted and intolerant hypocrites.
This title is horrendously misleading. He didn't say that at all. He was describing the choices individual christians need to make if the law of man opposes the law of God. That's a completely different topic that what the title or article suggests based on the quote from Rubio. 
Correction: The United States is governed by *his* interpretation of God.
I praise early Trump adaptors. You guys are not crazy.  In fact you are the real sane people within the GOP. 
That this guy is in a potision to be considered as a leader shames you all. It is the rest of the world that has to suffer when you elect these fucking retards. America is well into its last lap.  
Ayatollah Rubio the Supreme Commander and President of the United States?

This political religion stuff is getting out of hand.  
He didn't say that. He's merely quoted as arguing that the first amendment protects against the constitution from breaching someone's religious liberty...
A grown man claiming a country is governed by an imaginary being? Insane.
Just give him the nomination already!
Well since so many people hate the state the country is in, God must have a record low approval rating.
They'd be amazed at how many of the GOP field disqualifies themselves from being voted for.
You mean help the sick, the poor, and shun the wealthy?    
Is this The Onion?
If that is the case, as an Atheist, I am not required to follow any of those laws right?. Since I do not believe in bronze age myths. Does that mean I can do anything I want now?. 
When ever I visit the Burger King, I am compelled to be governed under his rule in his Kingdom.
Rubio: "And as god's right hand man..."
Well,  the gop should just wait for God to hold a press conference where she lays out her agenda. Until that happens the gop should not make any assumptions on what God wants to do.
"My fellow Americans, I'm pleased to tell you today that I've signed legislation that will outlaw Dominionism forever. We begin bombing the Carolinas in five minutes." 
Shouldn't these guys be applauding Iran instead of criticizing it then?
_cringe_
Sounds to me like we have a Christian version of a caliphate on our hands here. I thought kim davis was crazy, this guy is even worse. He's actually running for office &amp; has more control/power than just marriage licenses.
Nope. False. 
Were this true, the Koch brothers would tithe a LOT more.
Well, if that's the case .............. Then Gd has been doing one heck of a LOUSY job, of running this country these past few decades - to say the least!
Honestly the entire fucking Republican Party is joke.
[God]( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/b3/34/ce/b334ce7422aff8ce323447e45a9fba06.jpg )
Fucking idiot.
Can I ask a silly question... ? If Rubio were to be elected, would he go about trying to change constitutional law? They can't *really* make everyone live under religious law. 
Bull fucking shit.
Everybody, the "Great 'Moderate' Hope™" 
As a christian, any candidate who uses god as a reasoning for their choices will likely lose my vote. You just can't make decisions based on something not everyone believes.
What are, statements made by Marco Rubio that make me not be able to vote for Marco Rubio. 
This belongs in r/nottheonion
Can we really take any candidate seeriously when he/she brings up an invisible entity?
No where in the video does Rubio say what OP listed in the title.


From the title alone it seems this is obviously a puff piece.
The problem with democracy in the United States is that the majority of people are fanatically brainwashed so that new ideas are demonized and people vote for who is popular. Instead of people making informed decisions based on the greater good which is how democracy should work. 
What's actually amazing about Bernie Sanders is that Bernie Sanders is amazing.

I once heard a story about Bernie Sanders where he was so awesome that you could post an article with absolutely zero substance and gain infinite karma.
This article is a perfect example of blindly upvoting anything related to Bernie.
These types of articles will probably drive away potential Sanders supporters. My god the circlejerk for Sanders in this supposedly neutral sub is horrible. At least r/sandersforpresident doesn't try to hide who they are. 
Something something Bernie sanders

+25000 karma 
This sounds like the pitch of an internet startup.

"We decided to something RADICAL, listen to COMMON SENSE. Put the CUSTOMER above PROFITS. Cut out the BULLSHIT."
This is disgusting. This belongs on a sub like r/ohshutthefuckup.
I wish we could just spin off all these pseudo-propaganda pieces to r/BernieSanders or whatever the equivalent sub is called and have actual discussions on the issues and the candidates rather than random left wing news sites proclaiming Bernie Sanders as the greatest thing since sliced bread and how everyone who isn't him is a big meanie who kicks puppies and takes up two spaces when they park. The candidates have plenty of other places to shill for them, please let's stop Reddit from being one of them.
Holy fuck this sounds exactly like what i'd imagine an advertisement for Sanders to sound like.
Who's have thought that a puff piece on Sanders would be top of the Politics sub?  I'm shocked!
The Reddit circle is complete. It's now cool to insult the circlejerk for Bernie. 

The good ole doublejerk
Goddamn this Bernie circlejerk is nauseating.  How many more inches of his cock are you people going to swallow?
I get that Reddit likes Bernie, and is generally more left leaning. Believe me I have my fair share of views that are left leaning, but the amount of just pure propaganda that gets thrown out is just ridiculous. Every title you see is how Republicans or the right is trying to kill the world, until your lord and savior Bernie Sanders comes in to stop them. Thought there might actually be some real conversations, but generally it's far from that. 
The narcissism in this thread is staggering.
If you want to avoid the sander's circlejerk on reddit, there's a really simple solution... listen to literally any other source of political news on Earth.  Even NPR doesn't treat him like a serious candidate.
I have a hard time grokking this sort of rhetoric around democracy, which implies that we are more or less democratic depending on the *results* of a democratic process. 

That's informed by two things: first, I'm a proceduralist. Democracy is a process, not an outcome. The upshot is that I'm incredibly suspicious of the use of "democracy" as a rallying cry, since it flips the procedural meaning on its head, converting it into a result regardless of procedure. 

Ages and ages ago when I was in college, a concept of RL Stevenson, an American positivist and ethical emotivist, really stuck in my head. He came up with the term "persuasive definition," which referred to words drained of cognitive content that were just meant to denote "good" or "bad." 

In an earlier, pre-Godwin era:

&gt;The purpose of persuasive definition is, consciously or unconsciously, to secure a change in people's attitudes and interests. The speaker introduces a new sense that the hearer accepts without being aware that he is being influenced. For example, when Hitler claimed that “national socialism is true democracy,” he was employing a persuasive definition. 

http://www.blackwellreference.com/public/uid=73/tocnode?id=g9781405106795_chunk_g978140510679517_ss1-72

(Note that Stevenson was writing in the '20s, IIRC. The above example was written by someone else for a philosophy dictionary, AFAICT.
The title suggests that this article is about nothing. 
Jesus.. Get a room.
We don't live in a Democracy. After over 200 years everyone should know this.
Otherwise known as promising things that can't be delivered. Trump sans racism. 
Let's just suck his dick even more
Seriously, am I being Punked? 
When did /r/politics merge with /r/SandersForPresident? All I keep seeing is this circlejerk
Please stop the dick riding
It's like they have to invoke the word Democracy 100 times everytime they mention Socialism so people won't put up their fingers in an X and hiss.
Nobody at this stage of the thread will hear me saying I wonder what Donald Trump smells like. Freedom I suspect.
Berine Sanders article has 3,806 upvotes.

The most upvoted comment is dissenting.
My land is my land.  Your land is my land.      As a high wall there that tried to stop me.    A sign was painted said: Private Property.    But on the back side it didn't say nothing.      God blessed your land for me.
Democracy by itself is not able to sustain a nation long-term. Thankfully we are not a pure democracy and I hope we never lose that distinction. A brainwashed horde will enact self-destructive legislation if they have the power to do do. This is why our founding fathers established our nation as a constitutional republic, not a pure democracy. It limits the power of each branch of our government, but also limits the power of the majority. These limits are essential.


OP, how does it feel to hurt Sanders' credibility with redditors by posting this bullshit?
Sagging in the polls, yet still dominating reddit.
I thought this was /r/circlejerk at first. Huh.
It's a commitment to get people free stuff and to re-name post offices!
http://i.imgur.com/prpHZpQ.jpg
no, its the socialism, this article is a joke
Please Bernie, call it something else. The national socialist democratic party name  has been taken in the 1930's
The past 50 years have moved the goal posts so far to the right, we forgot what someone on the left even looks like. 

Sanders' viewpoints 50 years ago would have been mainstream.`
We aren't a democracy. We are a republic. 
So we don't live in a democracy, if he thinks we do he doesn't understand how our country is run enough to lead it. Also if we DID live in a democracy, we'd get to vote on him trying to tax the shit out of everyone and it would never pass. 
“democratic socialist”

Isn't Socialism more democratic by its nature, your vote also directs the health service, higher education, banking sector and large scale manufacturing.

Technically the US already invested into banking and manufacturing, taking a controlling percentage in some instances in very un-capitalist moves during the financial crisis.
What's so radical about going back to the way it was before Reagan and the movement conservatives took over the country and gutted the middle class. It just seems radical because the populace was brainwashed by right-wing think tanks:

Government is the problem…check.

Taxes are too high for the wealthy and huge corporations…check.

The media and universities are liberal…check.

Banks and corporations should be able to grow into effective monopolies…check.

Unions and the minimum wage are bad…check.

Perpetual war is necessary for national security…check.

Democracy can only happen when Big Government socialists want their policies in place or intact?
Socialism *is* an unflinching commitment to democracy. The uncomfortable truth is that true democracy is unknown the American people, and to the world. Socialism is a far more democratic vision than anything allowed by gobal capitalism. It means the people control their workplaces and their resources, instead of leaving those things in the control of the wealthy, capitalist class.
God damn it,  Sanders has already hijacked the word socialism,  does he really need radical as well?  He's left of crazy not calling for international class war. 
hooray for mob rule!
Now if his name was Jason Campbell and he looked like George Clooney or Bruce Willis, even with all his spooky Democratic Socialism, people would shut up about his unelectability. Somehow the media could accept a black president but can't accept an older, shaggy-haired Jewish one.
There's nothing special about democracy, unfortunately.
McCarthy did nothing wrong.
Despite the takeover by the anti-circlejerk circlejerk (how can you read through these comments and think /r/politics is all in for Sanders?) there is a core truth in this article.

Sanders platform is about governance, and his campaign has been about the democratic process. That simple obvious combination; of ideas that are about running the country well rather than how his special interests can pillage it, and of a campaign that is about comparing those ideas with other candidates rather than selling bullshit, proclaiming divine authority, or flinging demagoguery is what makes him unique.

Sadly unique, since governance + democratic process is really where every candidate should be coming from, instead of the fubar politics/media crap we get today. But you either see that or you don't, and from these comments a lot of people don't.
Bernie Sanders wants equality of outcome...that is radical compared to American History. 
If You Need To Type Like This To Get An Audience Then It's Clickbait. 
The sad thing about true democracy is it only works in small groups. If you think about it, would you rather a country be ruled by the average person who is often uneducated? or would you rather it be ruled by the elite and knowledgable?

In theory, majority rules is great and moral. But in reality it is inefficient and full of poor decisions. 
Currently in USA socialism is only good if it benefits corporations. 
“Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired signifies in the final sense, a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed. This world in arms is not spending money alone. It is spending the sweat of its laborers, the genius of its scientists, the hopes of its children. This is not a way of life at all in any true sense. Under the clouds of war, it is humanity hanging on a cross of iron.” 
― Dwight D. Eisenhower

Sounds like a raving Socialist!
If Reddit content is user generated, why are people bitching about a circle jerk? If you don't like the sub content, post your own stuff. If you don't want to read about Sanders, don't click or don't read the comments. Half of the comments on these  Sanders articles are complaints about the circlejerk. Post articles about the candidates or ideas you prefer, right? What am I missing? 
What is radical about Bernie Sanders is that for the first time we actually have a politician that gives shit about the people more than corporations.
Bernie wants America to be more like Denmark:

-Cars have a 180% tax on them meaning a 20K car in america would cost someone from denmark 50k
- Taxes for hard working individuals take MORE money than the one who made it
- 1 sock in denmark cost $2-2.50 ( a pair is almost 5 dollars)
- 1 gallon of gas in right around $6 dollars

*America was never meant to be a socialist country*

Bernie Sanders doesn't support socialism. He supports Social Democracy like the Nordic countries, which are NOT Socialist countries. Socialism is democratic control of the means of production, which has many meanings depending on the branch of socialism one would support. Many, like me, thing that Socialism is achieved through a Dictatorship of the Proletariat. But others see it as worker cooperatives or in a more syndicalist way. But Socialism cannot be achieved in a democratic fashion in bourgeois democracy. It has to be achieved in a revolutionary manner. To read up on this issue more, read Rosa Luxemburg's work [Reform or Revolution](https://www.marxists.org/archive/luxemburg/1900/reform-revolution/index.htm). I highly recommend this book even for those who aren't of radical left-wing politics like myself.
I'm not exactly a Sanders supporter. Im a bit too "states rights" for that even with the current global economy. That said he doesn't appear to be an evil malicious character like most of the politicians out there. His character isn't comprimised. When my guy loses (paul), I don't think There's another honest guy out there Id rather support, short of Sanders. 
It amazes me the business world or Corporate America has been able to massage the meaning of democracy and free enterprise into a free for all  for corporations and at the same time convince people any expenditure on a countries citizens is tantamount to socialism, while they (the corporations) suck the governments tit dry. Funny how it's not called socialism if it's the corporations and very wealthy getting the favourable legislation, tax breaks, grants, subsidies, along with the governments blind eye towards loopholes like offshore profits and tax havens.

Democracy? What democracy?
Sanders is not a democratic socialist. He is a social democrat, why is everyone repeating that crap?
Democracy is a precursor to socialism. Duh.
Despite the dour top comment here, I think the headline, if nothing else, is spot on. Nothing he proposes is radical. What's radical is that he isn't on the lobbyist gravy train and won't toe the party line. Let's be real, we have not seen a president like that in our lifetimes and we haven't because the good ol boy club has serious solidarity and resources. Do you really think the oil corps will let him slide by? 
just as long as we don't forget, we live in a democratic republic
Sure.....ok.... I thought I had seen it all, but this might actually be the most circle jerking post I have ever seen on this sub Reddit 
Are the primaries over yet?
It's a farce. He is making the binary look human again. He is diverting legitimate energy that could go toward breaking the two party system. 
whatever happened to the REPUBLIC part of democratic republic? 
He went on his honeymoon to the soviet union (famous for the best vacations especially in the Siberian work camps). Later he goes into goverment with socialist beleifs and manages to make it into bigger portions of goverment. The point is that socialism has a underlying beleif which is communism. I dont agree with bible ranting zealots who think jesus wants capitalism,  but i do encourage studying history about what happens when socialism and communism take over a society. European history can generally prove my point.

Also on a side note. Bernie thinks ISIS is growing because of global warming. You dont need a scientist to prove how dumb that statment is.
Remember to the GOP/TEA; democracy=socialism.

They fought long and hard for the current Oligarchy.  Any venture toward give and take in the political process is blocked and vilified as anti business.
"“Change never takes place from the top down,” he told his audience at the University of Chicago. “It always takes place from the bottom up." And that's what our system was intended to do, to protect the people from the tyranny of government. Local populations choose members of the House of Representatives, and local populations choose state legislatures. State legislatures chose U.S. Senators, helping keep the Senate a chamber focused on state needs rather than Party politics. The move to have Senators elected popularly is one of many moves over the years that has served to strengthen the Federal Government, weaken the influence of individual states, and weaken the individual. This is what we voted for, a strong and ever expanding Federal government with career politicians beholden to the Party, the fundraisers/lobbyists, and MAYBE at some distant point the constituents. You might also look up the definition of democracy, and realize that is not a great panacea, especially for those in the minority.......  
The greatest trick the rich have played on this country was to convince the masses that any policy aimed at sharing their great wealth is radical and dangerous.
Woa! Is that Bernie Sanders in the title?! UPVOTE UPVOTE UPVOTE
Why are people getting so mad about this article? Every candidate has articles like this about them online....If you're a big enough candidate it'll even be in a real newspaper. 
God help us if you neoliberals and cultural marxists actually had any influence on politics. Bernie sanders political beliefs are truely frightening.
How are Bernie Sanders political positions different from Barack Obama's in 2008?


Socialism and democracy walk hand in hand. Its nigh on impossible to have one without the other.
Is Sanders really socialist? I thought he was just very progressive.
So we've reached the point that simply being committed to democracy is radicalism....well, that's just fucking fantastic.  
Yeah, Bernie Sanders is the radical.  Conservatives are flirting with Fascism.  
Wow!  The Hillary camp envy is palpable on this message thread.  Instead of being envious, Third Way Democrats need to wake up to why most Americans don't care for the systemic corruption they favor practicing.  Corruption isn't a character strength or guaranteed right, it's a major character flaw and a social cancer.
The problem with an unflinching commitment to democracy is that it assumes that people (at least the majority of them) are capable of making good (or at least sane) choices.We are at a state of polarization where a statistically small sample of people could change their mind and what we consider prudent for us all takes a 180 degree turn towards the exact opposite policy. We can't prove and put to rest something as simple as whether the PPACA is a beneficial or deleterious implementation. Sure, there is truth and there is misinformation but we have lost the capability to tell which is which. A misinformed, under-informed or informationally reticent public can hardly be trusted to make the right choices. Alinsky says  if you choose not to believe in the people, the option is a dictatorship or autocracy. We seem to have successfully avoided that although many would claim we have an oligarchy with a fool's paradise illusion of democracy. Sanders seems to insist that the will of the people is supreme even if it is to collectively go to hell. I am not so sure that should be the case.
Just like meta data isnt data!
And his biggest flaw is that he's just too darn honest. 
It isn't f'n Socialism!  So weird to me that he keeps calling it that and then explains how it really isn't Socialism.  Why tag yourself something most Americans are skeptical of and then spend time explaining how you really aren't that thing...that you're calling yourself.  
What would happen if all the people circlejerking over how much this is sub just a Sanders circlejerk would instead post why they disagree, who they *do* support, and why. 
It's only 'radical' because the mainstream media has teamed up with democracy-hating Republicans to move the goalposts of the political 'center' so far to the right.
Democrat politicians motto... "You people provide the votes, we'll make the decisions".
Shut up
He's committed to democracy, and America is a republic.

This should be interesting.
Bernie is pushing his own version of socialism, Democratic Social-schism, where he wants to divide the country in 2, the makers and the takers to meet his goals. You should hope you are not a maker, because you will #feelthebern and it won't be pleasant

This is why I'm voting for Bernie Sanders!
Nice try Sanders PR.  I'll never vote for this guy.   The dude looks like the doc from back to the future with a crazy hunch back.  
Man, I'm not even american and I would fucking vote the heck out(?) of Sanders! He's the kind of person that we need as a president... For ANY country.
Hahahahahahahahahahaha hahahaha ahhhh man haha..... haha...... hahahahaha......... HAhahahahahahahahahahahaha...... aaahhhh hahaha haha....... Sanders is an insane person....
so when did forcing someone to give you their money/possessions by force, taxation, intimidation or laws become "sharing"?

So when I put a gun in your face and tell you to give me your wallet, that's now "sharing" too? Don't get mad, I'm just "redistributing wealth".
[deleted]
Good ol' dictatorship of the majority.
is r/politics run by r/berniesandersforworldpresident
Free everything. That's what an economy straight of of a recession needs.
Bernies version of democracy would be mob rule, guided by smart socialist elites in a really shitty PC land.  Guess where that has lead every time it was tried historically?  Fucking communism
Uh, we live in a representative republic Grandpa Bernie.  I wonder if he ever said, "and to the republic for which it stands"?  As a closet communist, he likely only mouthed the words.
Bernie compares himself to FDR:
-Under FDR the tax rates got up to 94% for some people (My grandfather was paying 80% during his most successful years.)
-His executive order 6102 which forbade the average man from holding gold: while forcing everyone to turn in their gold coins and bouillon  he paid them a measly $14 per ounce and then once all the citizens got their $14 he immediately raised the price of gold to more then double that. 

I guess what im getting at is, 1) does this sound fair at all to anyone? and 2) What is it about Bernie that makes people want to vote for him? Im genuinely looking for an answer to 2. 
USA hears the word social connected to politic and they see russian kommunists...
America *should* vote for Bernie, but America tends to not like to do what's best for America. 
No its very close to socialism.
Average Joe is not a very wise man. 
What's amazing about Bernie Sanders isn't that he's a democratic socialist, it's *that he is not a socialist*. Here in Denmark, he'd be a centrum-right candidate. For example, Bernie is anti immigration, while our centrum-left opposition is pro-immigration. Bernie wants a single-payer system, but haven't mentioned creating a public hospital, which is exactly the direction the last right wing government we had was headed.

Don't get me wrong, the American political spectrum is all kinds of messed up (The conservatives are red? The liberals wants to expand the government?), but that don't make him a socialist
Democracy &gt; Republic

edit: I see the libertarian manbabies on Reddit are out in force today.
Sure sure... LOL
This... this is true.
Actually, no.  It's the multi-*trillion* dollar price tag that all his grand ideas will cost those of us who pay taxes.

Nice deflection, though.   Bernie's a refreshing candidate, but his ideas are all economically unworkable.  Unless you want the top tax rate to be 60%.
We at Marlboro are extreme not because we sell cancer, create socially bad habits, or financially grow on the beds of graves.  No.   We're extreme because of the love for our customers.  Choose Marlboro, live Marlboro, be Marlboro. 
Wow. Team Hillary is up and at me this morning. I would be too if I felt Bernie's hot breath breathing down my neck. He's coming!
My opinion, when you read things like this, and hear Mr. Sanders speak, if anything it makes you pause until 2016 for for any decisions.
Socialism is democratic control of the economy. 
But we operate in a republic style government??
I like Bernie just fine, but Holy Slurp Piece, Batman.
How Cliche
B E R N I E

R

A

V

O
And I'm sure the Republicans will totally respect that distinction. /s
R/politics otherwise known as r/liberal and r/sandersforpresident
Circle up everyone. Everybody grab the dick on your left.
And not the good "We will bomb you back to the stonage because you don't vote on people we like." kind of democracy. But the dangerous kind where people want to have a say and where regular people want power they don't have the experience to handle.
Nope...it's the socialism...that's pretty much it.
Democracy can lead to some pretty terrifying outcomes.  Ensuring individual rights should be the primary focus of any good governance... Not following the whims of the masses.  Will we still be talking about the virtues of democracy once Trump is voted in?
Oh look, Sanders again. He's basically Clinton lite. 
None of this shit is radical, it's just being an averagely good human being. 
He wants to cut off the Koch brothers freedom of speech, some unflinching commitment to democracy.
"Most of my donors are women" - WOOO

So? Women are just people, I hate this bullshit just because she is a woman that we should just vote for her. I'll take any gender, any religion, any nationality for president if they have the best interest in mind for the county and it's people. 
I watched the clip. It is honestly very hard to listen to Hillary Clinton talk. She must have used the word "I" fifty times in the short segment I watched. That's the big problem with Hillary, she's only after the job for herself not to help anyone else in any real "public servant" way.

Hillary Clinton's campaign is about herself. Bernie Sanders' campaign is about everyone in America.
 [Hillary Clinton Calls For “Toppling” The 1%… While Being Bankrolled By The 1%](http://collectivelyconscious.net/articles/hillary-clinton-calls-for-toppling-the-1-while-being-bankrolled-by-the-1/)
[This sounds like this scene from family guy.](https://youtu.be/Rm3d43HLyTI?t=1m16s)
Noun + verb + 9/11. Looks like Giuliani rubbed off on her. 
The title refers to this:

“I have stood for a lot of regulation on big banks and on the financial services sector. I also represented New York and represented everybody from the dairy farmers to the fishermen,” Clinton replied, adding, “And did I help rebuild after 9/11? Yes, I did.”

Clinton’s latter response is not as angry and belligerent as her former answer in the debate, but she still resorted to base jingoism to justify her political record and to distract from her close ties to Wall Street — which has made her a multimillionaire.

I saw a CNN article regarding a fundraiser she is doing with Chelsea, her daughter. $2,700 cost for a family to attend. Lots of care for the middle class...
&gt; We were attacked in downtown Manhattan, where Wall Street is. I did spend a whole lot of time and effort helping them rebuild.  



FUCK YOU!!! (not you OP)

She never had any personal skin in the game. Financially sure.   I've lost family members 10 years+ after the fact from the shit they had to breathe from working as first responders down on that pile.   

   If she equates herself with these brave men and women that were risking their lives and health to truly help others and rebuild during the darkest of hours than that is for shame....but she propped up a Wall St. rebuild....she is highly delusional.    I'm a native NYC resident....I rarely pass Wall St. anymore these days...but anytime I find myself on it I spit upon it.         

Well, I guess it seems like we'll soon be seeing her posed with thumbs up on an aircraft carrier in front of a Mission Accomplished banner?
I wish she was asked more about her Iraq war vote, and not be allowed to get away with saying "oopsy! I made a mistake."    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dGUJNhYZdUo
Can we have one of the moderators of the next debate call her out on this shit, please? I know they tried with that Twitter comment thing, but one of the moderators really needs to take off the kid gloves for this if Bernie or Martin won't. It's not only insulting to the intelligence of everyone listening and a complete cop out answer, it's offensive to 9/11 victims and their families to invoke the attack as a way of deflecting a question she has no real answer for.
9/11 was bad. 
[clip of interview](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EGaHFsg7MX0)
Hillary's problem is that she thinks the average voter is just plain stupid.
Step 1: Cry Victim "You impugned my integrity"  
Step 2: Rally your base "My donors are mostly women!"  
Step 3: 9/11  
Step 4: Redecorate White House
She damn sure killed that benghazi hearing too. 
This is like top notch misdirection, and the idiot crowd is eating it up.

Bernie: I'm not corrupt.

Crowd: Oh, okay. ^^*Clap ^^Clap*

Hillary: Women donors.

Crowd: HOLY SHIT! *CLAP CLAP CLAP CLAP CLAP CLAP*

Hillary: 9/11.

Crowd: WOOOOOOOOOOOO! YAY! HAHA! *CLAP CLAP CLAP CLAP CLAP CLAP CLAP*
She seems so fake and power hungry it's disgusting. 

Her answer was such an obvious lie and cheap (invalid!!!) excuse, even as a Democrat I couldn't vote for her. Of course the GOP side is crazier and doesn't even try to excuse their nonsense. 

**"I have to accept Wall Street bribes or else the terrorists win!"**

**SERIOUSLY????**
Hillary same is a same, elect a same and you will keep getting same. 
Wasn't there an episode of Family Guy like this? I think Louis was running for mayor or something.
Yet... she still has a commanding lead in the polls...


Hillary must be trying really hard to get me to not vote for her.
Worked for president Guliani
I hope she wins the Democratic Nomination. Because then Trump can stomp her. Gonna love this fight, already got my bets placed in.
You would think the backlash during the debates would be enough to not repeat it.
For someone who acts like she cares about women, she seems to have no problem staying married to someone who's been accused of sexually assaulting at least a dozen of them.
Hillary used "9/11". It's not very effective....
you guys realize there is no "new" here? this is the same old clip? am i in a movie or something?
Honest question: was anyone invoking the attack on Pearl Harbor for political gain in 1956 or had we moved on to the commies by then?

Edit: When does "honest question" mean something other than what it is, an honest question?
You know the difference between a dairy cow and 9/11? 

You can't milk a dairy cow for 14 years. 




This is old news to those that have read or are familiar with “Clinton Cash”.  However, this is an amazing crime that the main stream media is ignoring!

 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Charles Krauthammer on Hillary Clinton 
 

Recently, Charles Krauthammer alluded that he had no doubt some of the 30k emails Hillary deleted from her private e-mail server very likely had references to the Clinton Foundation, which would be illegal and a conflict of interest. 
.
The Clinton Foundation is "organized crime" at its finest
Here is a good, concise summary of how the Clinton Foundation works as a tax free international money laundering scheme. It may eventually prove to be the largest political criminal enterprise in U.S. history.  This is a textbook case on how you hide foreign money sent to you and repackage it to be used for your own purposes. All tax free.
 
Here's how it  works: 
.
1. You create a separate foreign "charity." In this case, the Clinton's set it up in Canada. 
.
2.  Foreign oligarchs and governments, then donate to this Canadian charity. In this case, over 1,000 did -- contributing mega millions. I'm sure they did this out of the goodness of their hearts, and expected nothing in return. (Imagine Putin's buddies waking up one morning and just deciding to send untold millions to a Canadian 
charity). 
.
3. The Canadian charity then bundles these separate donations and makes a massive donation to the Clinton Foundation. 
. 
4. The Clinton Foundation and the cooperating Canadian charity claim Canadian law prohibits the identification of individual donors.
 .
5. The Clinton Foundation then "spends" some of this money for legitimate good works programs. Unfortunately, experts believe this is on the order of 10%. Much of the balance goes to enrich the Clinton's, pay salaries to untold numbers of hangers on, and fund lavish travel, etc.  Again, virtually all tax free, which means you and I are subsidizing it. 
.
6. The Clinton Foundation, with access to the world's best accountants, somehow fails to report much of this on their tax filings. They discover these "clerical errors" and 
begin the process of re-filing 5 years of tax returns. 
 
7. Net result -- foreign money goes into the Clinton's pockets tax free and untraceable back to the original donor. This is the textbook definition of money laundering. 
. 
Oh, by the way, the Canadian "charity" includes as a principal one Frank Giustra. Google him. He is the guy who was central to the formation of Uranium One, the Canadian company that somehow acquired massive U.S. uranium interests and then sold them to an organization controlled by Russia. This transaction required  U.S. State Department approval, and guess who was Secretary of State when the approval was granted.
.
As an aside, imagine how former Virginia Governor Bob McDonnell feels. That poor schlep is in jail because he and his wife took $165,000 in gifts and loans for doing minor favors for a guy promoting a vitamin company. Not legal but not exactly putting U.S. security at risk. 
.
Sarcasm aside, if you're still not persuaded this was a cleverly structured way to get unidentified foreign money to the Clinton's, ask yourself this: 
. 
Why did these foreign interests funnel money through a Canadian charity? Why not donate directly to the Clinton Foundation?  Better yet, why not donate money directly to the people, organizations and countries in need? 
. 
This is the essence of money laundering and influence peddling. 
. 
Now you know why Hillary's destruction of 30,000 e-mails was a risk she was willing to take. 
. 
Bill and Hillary are devious, unprincipled, dishonest and criminal, and they are Slick! Warning: They could be back in the White House in January 2017.

 
"But Brutus is an honorable man".

I think they just need to keep asking her this.  Audiences will catch on, and they will get appropriately disgusted.
So salon is a credible source now? One day it's garbage, the next day it's  fine 
If Hillary isn't swayed by Wall Street's money, like she says.. then why does she accept their money? It's bullshit, that's why. She isn't unlike every other politician who is influenced by money, and that isn't her fault. If she's telling the truth.. no one believes her. Because nearly every politician works that way.

So, Hillary, if you want us to believe you.. stop taking their money.
Of course she did.  She can't name a single accomplishment she's made in the public sector.
"Hillary the Hawk"? I'm neither a Republican nor an American, but it surprises me that a sub like politics doesn't endeavour for objectivity, and refrain from petty titles.
The power of pantsuits compel you
Sounds like someone thinks she's secured the primary already, and is positioning herself to pre-gain some republican votes. What a scumbag. 
I tried to count but it was really hard.  In 3 minutes and 25 seconds of  actual interview, she said "I" or some variation 19 times.  That is roughly saying it once every 11 words (rounded up).  That is not counting for the time she was being asked the questions.
And yet when bernie doesn't get elected every subscriber to this sub will vote for her. "Progressive"
nobody who would consider voting for her cares.. everybody that would not vote for her simply has another reason to vote full on batshit retard.
People on here act as if Hillary Clinton is worse than any of the Republicans running. 
Love Bernie, Hate Hillary.  I don't know why somebody with Reddit just doesn't make a post with that as the  headline, make it a sticky, and leave it at that.  It's not like you're going to get anything worthwhile in the way of facts in these daily Bernie is the Messiah who is going to give us everything even when it isn't Christmas threads. 
We need a new Animorphs book with Hillary transforming into a Hawk on the cover.
I can't help but think of [Lois Griffin](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9bOc4gQUIgo)...
Yawn
people dont understand. the wall street is making the president. nothing else. So ofc she is doing it. She knows who will pay her way to presidency...democratic america ^^
I don't think she realizes that her audience is much smarter than Trump's.
Fuck Salon's Chevron ads.
I don't envy the US' choices for this coming election. I like the sound of Sanders, but there's no way he'll get in. 
Hillary would gladly get us into another land war in Asia.
hahaaha I'm sorry I'm not adding any political insight, but is "Hillary the Hawk" really a thing?
Everyone is entitled to make a mistake or mis-speak, but she did it AGAIN? OK O'M and Bernie need to start calling her out on some of this stuff with the facts that are presented. This is a GOP tactic and clearly Hillary is more GOP on the major issues (War and Wall street)
Is Rudy Giuliani her campaign manager?  
  

She's not even wrong. She was a NY senator during 9/11.

I've heard Chris Christie invoke 9/11 a handful of times in just the last few weeks, and it wasn't even for any particular reason other than to give himself credibility.

Nothing she even says is wrong. 

People who don't like her are just waiting for something like this so they can point and say she's "using" 9/11. When she clearly isn't. She's making sure people know she has strong ties to Wall Street because she was THERE with these same people when 9/11 happened.

She is making the point that even wall street executives are normal everyday people like me and you in the face of tragedy. 

Bernie keeps portraying every single rich person as a criminal, and I can see how that rubs some people the wrong way.

There are a ton of fraudulent investors in the world, but there are also really good people who happen to be involved in the stock market.
Seriously - it's as if Hillary gets the nomination.
I miss Bill :-(
She is as creative as she is honest.
thats a pretty cool name for your future president
Is it possible that she actually believes, more than 14 years after, that 9/11 is still an "I Win" button on any subject?
Or, is it STILL an "I Win" button and I'm just naive?
She will be the nominee. 
Resorting to that sort of rhetoric is the Republicans game, and playing them at their own game isn't the way to win over voters. I hope this turns off voters, as it SHOULD. Feels like someone concocted this as her defense. 
It is unbefuckinglievable to me that she has the audacity to connect these.
Salon is such garbage.  That article has a bunch of straight up lies.  And, her statement makes total sense if you actually listen to what she says.
Ah more Clinton bashing, good to know the GOP attempts to defame her is working well.
[I've seen this episode before](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKcGgS1VXmQ)
Hillary, a candidate so flawed she had to rig the entire democratic primary this election cycle. That's how insecure or desperate for power she is.

Luckily for America, she will not win the election. She lost in 2008 to a guy who was different and had great speaking abilities and passion. She will suffer the same fate when Trump goes moderate in the general election. Don't underestimate the guys ability to think on his feat and speak frankly. Democrats better get out and vote for Bernie Sanders because he is the only democrat who could stop Trump. Even if Hillary picked him for VP in the case of a probable loss, would it still be the same ticket? Hillary is the personification of the Washington Establishment, and has a very long record. In the face of constant republican attack ads, she doesnt stand a chance.

Get ready for the show, because President Trump is coming.
Yes, she is ***so*** corrupt and only does what Wallstreet and the 1% want. 

How about all of you attack her damn [regulatory policy](https://www.hillaryclinton.com/p/briefing/factsheets/2015/10/08/wall-street-work-for-main-street/) instead of her campaign funding. And good luck with it, Sanders' proposed policy can't touch it.

Even as someone who typically opposes long, wordy policies of how to regulate Wallstreet, I have to say, her policy is pretty damn sound. Her saying it's comprehensive is an understatement,  it's much more thorough and detailed than anything Sanders has proposed.  I think there's better ways to go about regulation, but I don't have a whole lot of negatives to say about her policy. 
Reddit rather suck old man dick
People wave that stuff around like it's a magic word, like the name Hitler. It's only inciteful because they made it that way. Less than 3000 people died on 9/11. The attackers numbered 19. People act like like it was the greatest act of war on the planet. Over 20 times more people died in France from air raids alone. Do you think they use those to scare voters and pundits? Cartel violence *today* in mexico, is killing something like ten times as many people *every year* as 9/11. But nobody uses that to justify abusing law and humanity.  
  
And let's not forget how many times more human life was wasted on the War on Terror itself.  
  
9/11 was and is trivial. An overhyped, overpublicized stunt. I can't take anyone seriously, that takes that attack seriously, anymore. 
Did she seriously pull a Jeremy Jamm?
I'm not sure if I dislike Clinton, or the way that article was written more
Nine... ... Eleven...
Salon and an anti-Clinton article. 

Is it Wednesday on /r/politics already?
Come on with these headlines.  We are starting to sound like /r/Conservative 

I get that Hillary isn't as popular as Bernie on here, but do we need to tear her down constantly? 
Uh this happened like two or three weeks ago. There were like 20 posts about this then, when it was relevant.
She is going to be the nominee. I will not vote for her. I'll vote republican or 3rd party before her... but I will not under any circumstance vote for Hillary.
Wall St has something to do with 9/11? That's what I'm starting to get out this.
What a boring washed up hag.  Hillary is the pinnacle of what an establishment politician is.  
This is why she's going to win.  Reddit had years to come up with a plan of attack and it's the same thing every time.  The anti-Hillary circlejerk is Benghazi repeated.  Sandernistas have republican/repetitive tactics written all over them.  Come back to your senses ex-republicans.  Sanders doesn't have a chance...Rubio does.
She did a great job of parlaying being the President's wife into mountains of money from Wall Street.  Other than that, I'm not all that familiar with her actual accomplishments. 
The Clintons are dirty 
I hope you Americans don't elect her. Just anyone but her.
Once again, Bernie supporters, how will you react when he endorses Hillary? 
I really don't like Donald Trump but I'd prefer him over Hillary Clinton. This woman is the absolute worst that you can get.

I assume after Bill banged Monica Lewinski she has severe self esteem issues, which she's trying to solve by running for president. The motivation for her campaign is completely self-referred. She doesn't give a single fuck about the people of America nor the world. Someone may protect us from this woman.

EDIT: I highly doubt that this woman has any moral concept. She will do and say what ever necessary to gain / stay in power. Think about how often she deliberately told lies to appear in a more favourable way.
[deleted]
Plenty of uninformed and rich democrats still willing to vote for her.  Why should anyone make an informed decision?

Funny how hypocritical redditors can be. Lampoon the audience for cheering at Hillary's dumb rhetoric, but then have no problem upvoting this shlock to the front page.
[For y'alls pleasure](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3uH2PyZAx-0)
I posted in r/sandersforpresident predicting that she would do this again in the next debate.

It got removed but HAHA I WAS RIGHT.
The author is bit late on this. 
This feels like Trump.
/r/AnybodyButHillary
What a stupid bitch. I hope she falls down some stairs and dies. 
this link is equivalent to [the democratic donkey braying.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sUktuuWltHc)
If it was recognized as a "mistake" and a "gaffe" why wouldn't she go out of her way to never say it again? Why even put yourself in this position - I'm a Bernie supporter but if Clinton wins the nomination it would be refreshing to actually know the reasoning behind certain things ( such as these contributions and ties) before voting for her over the chaos of the republican party.
Boy that's a badass nickname. Too bad it's tied to something like this instead of her having done something awesome.
Yesssss, yesssssss! Let the hate flow through you!
God help us all.
This woman is highly propable of winning the election for President of the United States of America later on, just by profiling her with these three words;

Hilary the Hawk

And that's what "democracy" with freedom of election will do for you in these times.

The rest is to be considered futile...
These absolutely absurd articles that make United States Presidential Candidates seem like imbeciles receive such high upvotes. Are these upvotes in favor of her stance? or is it simply the stupidity of their statements that people find amusing? 
Well to be fair, when they elect Hillary, will anybody be surprised nothing has changed? 
It's up to her to fail.
How is this lady leading in the polls?  Like who besides wall street and feminists are wanting to vote for her?
Wow... She's had a *lot* of time to rethink that answer.   And she *still* can't come up with a good explanation?


Honestly, I think this is a good indicator of where her allegiance lies.  She wouldn't dare bite the hand that feeds her by speaking I'll of her Wall Street handlers, even if it gains her favor with the people of the country. 

Wall Street &gt; Citizens
Doubling down on this strategy? After being excoriated the first time, even? This kind of poor judgement is why a Clinton presidency in many ways plays into the Republican narrative of Democrat presidents. She will be a terrific boogeyman for the republicans to run on and will be easy to politically counter on big issues, much as Obama has been.

Sanders or BUST!
How I see Hillary recently:

[Mrs. Clinton, what do you intend to do about your close ties to Wall Street?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rm3d43HLyTI&amp;t=1m20s)
I don't know much about american politics but why are there so many Hillary Clinton posts? Why is she even considered as a candidate? I mean isnt she known for saying some really stupid stuff in the past?
Hawk. She's hawkish. She's the most hawkish hawk that ever hawked.

And every republican is a *dove*. A sweet, fluttery little dove that wants to bring candy and peace to the peoples of the world.


Invoking 9/11 is old since everyone with a brain knows it was an inside job and the Bushes knew about it too!

Bush [goes after](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6K5M0xtxQVQ) the conspiracy theorists! 
I seems like she's just turning into [this.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rm3d43HLyTI&amp;t=1m20s)
I really don't like her.
Can't wait to see you all 180 on Clinton once Bernie is out of the race.
Even with this, I find it ridiculous that anyone would rather give the election to "I'll murder their families" or "in America, the Bible's rules are above the law."
yet, all of you will vote for her
Makes you think if she is the one coming up with this shit, or if one of her actual paid consultants came up with this brain vomit.
It's old at this point, what more would you expect from her? 
Two steps back from my vote, every time. 
She's so pathetic it's sad.
BERNIE FOR PRES!!!!
Jesus Christ, an article on December 2nd still talking about a sound bite from the democratic debate.

Proof that reddit will upvote anything negative about Hillary Clinton. Really puts that redditors comment on condescension against Sanders into perspective.
The converse is probably also true: I can imagine when asked about 9/11, Bernie would talk about Wall Street fat cats.
I like Rand. I might not agree with him on enough to actually support him, but he's not afraid to go against the establishment to support a good idea, and I respect that.
It would be amazing if he won the Republican nomination.
Snowden is a hero.

Props to Rand for having the balls to say this.

Even Bernie was kind of weak in the debate when talking about Snowden..

(I like Bernie more than Rand.. but was a bit dissapointed in Bernie's answer at the debate..)

I think Rand has the most balls regarding this issue and it's very respectable.
Rand is correct.   Any Federal employee has the obligation to protect the rights of the American people when they see abuses of rights.   Period
Him and Bernie are the only candidates against mass spying. Even Sanders said he would punish Snowden though. 
This is the guy that should win the Republican nomination.  He's consistently on the correct side of liberty, freedom, and non-interference in BS proxy wars.

It's a shame he gets torn down around here for bullcrap wedge issues, or mischaracterized in his actual positions.  For the biggest issues we face, he's absolutely correct.
Team Rand - go all-in on principle and announce that you'll pardon Snowden. It will generate some headlines and help you rise in the polls  if you use the situation to point out Obama's shocking persecution of whistelblowers that were trying to stop corruption in big govt.
Rand Paul for president .
I used to think Rand was a bit of a fruit loop. However specially after the recent debate, he appears to be the most sane member of the Republican Party.. He's certainly the only sane canidate they have..
Will be voting Rand in the primaries. Hoping for his surge in the polls. 
Sanders/Paul 2016. 
It's important to note Paul is far better than Sanders on civil liberties/ foreign policy, while his voting record is similar based on his statements and emphasis he knows less on these issues and would not fight for them as strongly as Paul.
So strange to have people support both Rand and Bernie. Counter opposites politically, but they both use their brain rather than the status quo.
Good for him. He's the only candidate that I trust on a lot of important issues.  
Reddit, he wants us back!
People I talk to seem to like to group Snowden and Manning together, but like Senator Paul I have a lot of respect for Edward Snowden, but completely despise Manning as a traitor. 
" I really praise what you've done for us ed, now if you could come back to America you need to be locked in a cage."
I am always so shocked when R candidates say something truthful
Chafee was still the only candidate that would say he would bring Snowden home with no charges... who thinks Rand would go that far?
I kinda like Rand. I respect him. I started paying more attention to him when he tried to filibuster the citizens united. I don't always agree with him, my vote belongs to Bernie, but Rand is aight. 
Its too bad that hes too much in the middle to ever win the candidacy on either side. 
If Edward Snowden gets to come home for some political gain, then I'm completely on board with that. This shit is ridiculous--him being relegated to Russia--after the things we **know** about Cheney. I'm sorry Snowden told you about things the government was already doing? 
Better than Bernie? 
So if elected would he pardon him?
Even Rand Paul gets it right once in a while. 

Rand Paul is very good on many issues, much like is father, and much like his father that part that turns me off is the fact that he is nuttier than squirrel poo on many other issues. And the Nutty part is far to excessive to ignore. The good is not enough to overwhelm the nutty part. 
good for him. too bad he has no chance in his batshit party.
He praises Snowden and then says he should do five years in jail, along with Clapper.
I have been so ashamed as to how this country has treated Edward Snowden. 
Absolutely 
What's he got to lose?  He's polling 2%.  Wonder if he'd be praising Snowden and proposing to debate Bernie if his numbers were respectable.
Well Rand, I'm glad your poll numbers are bad enough for you to have at least one good idea.
I'm going to shamelessly repost what I had to say a while back about why I can't support Rand Paul, since people in this thread seen to be unaware of many of these points:

I don't.  Some examples:

* Stated that he wished we'd never passed the civil rights act.
* Stated that gay marriage would lead to bestiality
* Stated that the United States government should be officially "Christian", and run as such.
* Ran as a war hawk when it was beneficial to his election in 2010
* One of his former aides: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jack_Hunter_(radio_host).  Seems the Pauls just can't stay away from those white supremacists
* He's a member of the Association of American Physicians and Surgeons.  Sounds legit, right?  Here are some of their core beliefs and major activities:

* Specifically opposes vaccination for HPV
* Filed lawsuit against FDA to overturn approval of "Plan B" morning after pill for over the counter use by women over 18.
* Fights to debunk "Shaken baby syndrome", and to link it to vaccines rather than abuse.
* Advocates for so-called "freedom of conscience" to allow pharmacists to refuse to fill lawful prescriptions.
* Near the end of the 2008 Presidential Election the "journal" published a claim that Barack Obama uses neuro-linguistic programming to exercise mind control over people at his rallies.  Yes folks, mind control.

But, getting back to Mr. Paul:

* Believes there would be no need for laws if we were all Christian
* Believes affordable healthcare access is slavery (actually used that word)
* Called the Medicaid program "inter-generational welfare" and suggested imposing a $2,000 deductible on it.


So no, I don't think he talks sensibly *or* seems to be a genuinely good guy.  I think he's a fringe whackjob who capitalizes on the "differences" between himself and mainstream republican candidates to create the illusion that he would be a better choice.  He mostly keeps quiet on weed, for example, because it gives him a few more points with straight, white, male, libertarians who don't care about pesky things like the civil rights act, gay marriage, women's health (those are all "wedge issues", right?).  Meanwhile, he has a clear agenda of driving a lunatic fringe, white supremacist, theocratic oligarchy if he gets the chance.  Just like his father.
Distribution will always be a problem and until we have jet backpacks and drones flying everywhere it will remain so. The real problem is homelessness and poverty. Which America ALSO has the resources to deal with. An overwhelming portion of the homeless are mentally ill. We MUST treat the problem at it's source. The idea that a vet with PTSD is wandering the streets looking for a safe, warm spot to sleep and food is disturbing. Add in drug addiction and alcoholism and you have a recipe for disaster. 

We as a society have got to stop treating mental illness as some secretive, shameful malady. We absolutely need to spend money on solving the problems that allow people to remain in poverty. 

in the Georgetown Speech, Bernie quoted Pope Francis twice. Think about that ... a Jewish presidential candidate quoting the Pope. Bernie is a good person. We need more good people.
&gt;"We are keeping such an open mind and listening to all the candidates from all the parties, but of all the candidates we have heard, he has the most clearly expressed ideas for his grasp for what is going on in this country and what needs to be done," said Manser.  **"I think he represents a lot of people who have not had the kind of representation that he offers, really since the Reagan administration."**

While this comparison makes absolutely no sense to me, the fact that Fox used a quote that compares Bernie to Reagan is to them one step short of comparing him to Jesus.  Woah.
I know I'm late to this post but I cannot exaggerate how much of a problem kids going without food in Georgia is. During the school year it isn't as bad because they can get free or reduced lunch at school but it is a major problem once school ends.

During the summer my church has teamed up with a few others and five days a week we meet up in the morning, pack hundreds of lunches (roughly 600 a day if memory serves), and split up to distribute them throughout the community at certain locations. 

One of the worst parts is that it's mostly all in one town. Some of the kids look like you'd expect, living in rough trailer parks or extremely ghetto areas, but a lot of them wouldn't stick out of a crowd in any way. These kids, some of which are actually classmates I know by name, are merely the victims of parents spending money on a new car or other luxuries/vices instead of setting up a budget. It's terrifying just how common it is in my area, which is actually a pretty nice town by most descriptions.

TLDR: There are far too many kids in Georgia who don't have food.
I like Bernie and I am liberal to the core. I am fine with his statement about not getting tax breaks AS long as the government is not spending $800 on a screw driver or spending $43M to build a gas station. I have a serious issue if taxes are raised but the wasteful spending continues under the idea that kids are going hungry. 
America absolutely produces enough food to feed every single American. And then some.

It's just a matter of getting it to them. I don't think throwing money at the problem is necessarily how we accomplish that.
Yeah, that's nice Bernie. But as President you can't make good on that promise.  You'll need Democratic majorities in Congress that are big enough to overcome the obstruction that Republicans will put up to stop it.  Best that you stay in the Senate, and lead from there. (Which is actually the plan, I think.)
Children in Vermont go hungry? Are you proud of yourself, Senator?
The Federal Government takes in over $3 trillion dollars a year, and borrows more on top of that. If the politicians wanted to end hunger it would have been done already. Giving the government more money isn't going to magically fix the problem.
&gt; "You are not going to get huge tax breaks when children in Georgia and Vermont go hungry, ain't going to happen."

Come on Bernie, spit it out already-   How much are you raising taxes to pay for all of this stuff?
Wonder if/when he'll release his tax plan
It's funny how Trump constantly got made fun of for being vague and never talking specifics, yet he already released a tax plan with real numbers. Bernie still has plans that will cost trillions and still has no actual plan on how to pay for it: how can he not even have a tax rate set up yet? 
Wait, I thought it was only supposed to be super-rich people who were going to be taxed?
I hope he also plans on weeding out corruption, glut, and abuse of these systems. We should have these programs but we should also be frugal with money that's spent.
He said the same thing about the amount of choices an American has at a store, but I don't get what it has to do with poverty.
First, there's no way to overcome this problem has been solved.
If Bernie doesn't care about reappropriating our massive defense spending back into our country, I don't want to hear him talk about taxes.
Keep in mind that in MLKs final years he branched out from simple racial inequality to the much broader and deeper issue of the inequality of wealth in America
too bad that government doesn't spend jack shit on those hungry children even when Dems controlled congress and the WH too, but all the charities that people give to when they actually have more income do feed and clothe needy people.

Funny how Bernie doesn't mention that as taxes go up, economy goes down, median income keeps dropping and people have less money...the amount that goes to charities has also been dropping. 
I think there's a lot of opportunity to feed enough people, we have to worry about where they need to go...
I mean, I could see it for over 30 years.
Now, failing to replace it was the discovery of this stuff?
Not something I know by name, are merely the victims of parents spending money on a bus and want to watch this when I talked to her a few trillions that will actually save us trillions more in the military when you give 90% of your wealth to the political corruption self-serving plutocrats fuel in Congress and the religious right are typically conservative leaning.
50M already get food stamps. I know it's tough for him to do math when them feels feel so good. 
ya, kids in america are going hungry.  that's why we don't have a huge child obesity problem. oh wait......
But how are the children gonna afford food if they keep getting money taken from them?
Get ready guys!!!!  Here comes the BILL!!!  HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!  And in the end, the rich won't pay for it, in 10 years at the very most you'll be paying for it all, and forever!
Can we all agree that rich people will always be able to take advantage of the government? They have the resources to. Consequently, the solution to economic inequality shouldnt be to make the government bigger via taxation. All that does is expand the government that will inevitably be abused by rich people against the poor people. The only way to combat this injustice is to make the government small. If you make the government small, it won't matter if the rich use it to their advantage because the government's powers would be limited. It makes no sense to use the government to fix problems the government created. If you hired a contractor who built a house that collapsed, would you call him back to come fix the broken house? 
Except they aren't! They get food stamps! 
Jokes on Bernie, starving children aren't Job Creators
Trillions of $ spent by the government for the purpose of ending poverty hasn't helped end poverty at all. It's only made poverty worse. 
[deleted]
"Instead you will get huge tax increases!"

Good luck with the whole election thing Bernie.  

&gt;If the American people still can't wrap their heads around higher taxes possibly being a good thing, we're just gonna continue to get the politicians we deserve.

Given all of the evidence of government inefficiency and waste why would the majority of Americans decide to give them more money to waste? 

If Americans can't wrap their head around the idea that the private market operates way more efficiently than the Federal Government, this country is going to suck cock
Shit like this pisses me off about Bernie, it's so pandering. I mean this is like when he repeatedly voted to DEFUND NASA because he said we can't spend money on expensive science programs until everyone is fed and has health care. I'm sorry but there will always be poor people. Many people are poor not because they aren't getting a large enough handout, but because of choices they've made in their life or just plain bad luck. 

Yes, we need to make sure everyone's eating but this can be accomplished by making government and its existing budget more efficient vs taking more from the people. 
"Mr. Reagan will raise taxes, and so will I. He won't tell you. I just did."

This rhetorical strategy will be just as successful for Sanders as it was for Mondale.
Also why we shouldn't accept refugees 
A young kid asks his mother, "Mama, what is Socialism and what is Racism?"

"Well, Child,... Socialism is when white folks work every day so we can get all our stuff, you know... like our free cellphones for each family member, rent subsidy, food stamps, EBT, WIC, free school lunch, free healthcare, utility subsidy, and on and on, ...you know. That's Socialism." "But, mama, don't the white people get pissed off about that?" "Sure they do, Honey. That's called Racism."
What's he talking about? It's *already* happened.

And for the most part, people have been fine with it.
The girl broadcasting that story was a sexy mama.
We work incredibly long hours and I am fine with his statement about not getting tax breaks when children in Georgia and the rest of the year for sure.
In this thread.. people who fail to get that capitalism and socialism can coexist *sigh*
The thing about Bernie is that I am still not sold on his ability to lead, truly implement change. Maybe he can do it, but I don't believe in it yet.

That being said I feel like he is the only politician approaching this race with any honesty or fair sense, and he will get my vote on that alone.
Nevermind the out of control spending.
What a fucking tool
I know this sub makes prospects in the US look like garbage because of wealth distribution in comparison to Sweden. But, I would just like to point out that if your a STEM major, business major, or shooting for a 4 year+ health profession, you will most likely have a waaaaay better life in the good ole USA. You will have a higher salary, significantly larger house, more cars, and more general stuff and luxuries than if you did the same in any European country. You may even have a larger penis. See r/politics it ain't all bad.
Then NOT A SINGLE REFUGEE GETS IN GODDAMNIT! Stop America being the saviour of the world when we have our own homeless and hungry!
Who is electable is just a stupid argument. Candidate one hates puppies and wants to kill them. Candidate two loves puppies and wants to save them. Candidate one is very powerful and can kill all the puppies. Candidate two can't really do a lot but will try to save a couple puppies. Who do you vote for?
&gt;"You are not going to get huge tax breaks when children in Georgia and Vermont go hungry, ain't going to happen."

What does this even mean? Sometimes this guy makes as much sense as Trump.

I support neither, and will not be voting because every candidate is a joke in some way or another.

Edit: I stand by what I said. However, I'd like someone to explain that nonsense quote to me.
While it's certainly true, saying this is what will lose him the election.
Can we please stop posting things from Fox News and its various affiliates? They try to misinform people at almost every chance they get.

Case in point: the title of this post. "Bernie Sanders **speaks to packed crowd**" ... "**You** are not going to get huge tax breaks when ...". And yes -- I know -- he's not planning on actually giving anyone a lot of tax breaks (because his proposals would save us money in the long run and *increase* our disposable incomes). But in this case, the title paints a picture in conservatives' minds that he's being a dick to regular people like those in the crowd because children are starving on the street, which isn't the case; the "you" in his quote [was actually referring to](https://youtu.be/zJx_uBangBA?t=3m29s) the billionaire class.

&gt; Now I can tell you that in my state of Vermont we got many many people who are working not one job, they're working two jobs, they're working three jobs, and I am sure that is the case here in Georgia and the case all over America.

&gt; In fact, turns out that while the Japanese are very very hard workers, we in the United States work longer hours than the Japanese and longer hours than any other people in the industrialized world. We work incredibly long hours and I go around the country and I talk to working people and they're working 50, 60 hours a week – Husbands and wives don't see each other. Marriages are destroyed, people are not spending time with their kids because they're out working and working and working, trying to cobble together some income and health care.

&gt; And yet, despite the fact that we work so hard, it turns out that 58% of all new income generated in America today goes to the top 1%.

&gt; Brothers and sisters, our job is to create an economy that works for all of us, and not just a handful of billionaires. **And this campaign is sending a message to the billionaire class. And that message is: “You cannot have it all. You are not, you are not going to get huge tax breaks when children in Georgia and Vermont go hungry. Ain't gonna happen!”**

Even if the submitted title of a post here from Fox News and its affiliates isn't unnecessarily confusing, the content of their articles and other media *are* usually misleading in some form or another. We don't need to spread that kind of misinformation around even further to confuse more people.
So now it's the responsibility of the Federal Government to force taxpayers to feed children they didn't create. Feeling Bern...
Children going hungry

http://www.cdc.gov/obesity/data/prevalence-maps.html
It has happened, it's currently happening, and it will continue to happen.

It's not the fault of America's wealthy people that those children are going hungry, and it's not their personal responsibility to pay their own money to solve that problem. Bernie makes a critical mistake when he claims otherwise.
I've never seen a thin poor kid in my life here. 
Ah the bleeding heart liberal with a picture of a starving child.  Somebody please tell Bernie the 1960s called and want their stereotype back.

Seriously though, let's face it:  Bernie has never seen an existing tax that he doesn't want to raise, or a new tax that he doesn't want to institute.  Starving children have nothing to do with it.
Democrats have had complete control of America for the last seven years, doubled the national debt and we still have record unemployment and hungry children. Where is the money they borrowed? Stupid is doubling down with the same wealth distributors for another eight years?
No one is going hungry, foodbanks have more than they now what to do with it. Stupid hungry children arguments/10
Bernie's gone full retard.
You're rich because you invented the iPhone and Walmart. Now fuck you, give me your money or you will die. 

Bernie Sanders
lol what a fucking asshole
This guy is frightening. He's wants to centralize all money and power to the government so he can easily control us. He's like the evil emperor in star wars 
I live in a rural part of Georgia and I don't see any homeless people. Where are the homeless in Georgia? I've seen some in Atlanta. 
Lol fox tries to frame this as a bad thing
And yet here I sit, in Kansas, doing IT work for a 4 year+ health profession, you will most likely have a problem.
I don't understand how any non-billionaire American doesn't support this man. He hasn't been bought off and is FOR the people! If Donald Trump is elected, then there is no hope!
Isn't that because their parents spend the food
Money on liquor, gambling, and drugs? Now that you can do so with the food stamp cards?
So, I've to take responsibility over some [irresponsible parents who decide to have 15 children](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t3e41prVDv4) despite of their financial capability?

We need to the money to raise one or two extra children of our own to you know.
I'm 15 years old and I LOVE Bernie Sanders! :) #FeelTheBern lol. I am REALLY interested in politics. Let me just say that I am so sick and tired of these faux news racist reactionary far right Republican candidates like Donald Trump getting votes (by people like my dad.... lol). It's so funny that people hate Bernie Sanders because he's a socialist.. do people even realize that we have like a million social programs in the United States?? And Europe already IS socialist. These stupid old white guys need to get with the times lol. I don't see why we can't just have free college and free healthcare. These things are a right NOT a privilege. Plus it's already done in EVERY other first world country. Too bad faux news idiots are too brainwashed because they're paid out by big business. lol. Not to mention the income inequality.... completely disgusting.
I'm pretty certain that the biggest problem is government. Just get rid of government. 
This is why I'm voting for Bernie Sanders!
Wouldn't it be nice if they did away with audiences at these debates? It's so fucking stupid. I would have loved to seen that play out without the audience cheering Hillary on, she probably would have looked like a deer caught in headlights. But instead with the audience applauding it makes it look like she's actually making sense.

All that aside though, I had totally written Sanders off and thought Hillary was a shoo in for the nomination. Now...ah fuck, let's face it, this complete cluster fuck isn't really going to hurt her, even though it should.
She should be ashamed of herself. Backed into a corner about the Wall St finance of her campaign, and she invokes 9/11. Pathetic, and completely disrespectful to the victims of that event. 
This article is sloppy with many misquotes. "impugn my integrity" was the line not "intelligence"
http://i.imgur.com/zz3kuRm.jpg
[Ha, no, not at all.](https://vimeo.com/145278971)
And yet somehow I'm sure the punditry will claim Hillary won the debate...
She said "integrity" not "intellect".
So....she's like Lois Griffin when she ran for mayor?
She seemed so very shady this round
She really IS a neocon. Using 9/11 as an excuse!
9/11 happened in New York where Wall Street is. Are you gonna boo 9/11? Go ahead fuckers I dare you to boo me.
Hillary went full Giuliani. Never go full Giuliani.
She's Lois Griffin irl
**Question:** "Mrs. Clinton, how much money do you take from Wall Street?"

**Billary:** "A lot. Because that's what Jesus wants. 9/11 was bad."

She's just f*cking disgusting.
I'm genuinely curious, how does she have *any* followers? How has she made it this far?
When things get tough, fall back on 9/11 and womenz pride. 
Hey, isn't that line Copyrighted Bush family property? 
SNL is going to have a field day with this one

Fuck Hillary. 
How does anyone support Hillary Clinton unironically?

Literally no one except the top 1% of the country would have their lives improved by her attaining the presidency.
[deleted]
Just going to post what u/msx8 said about this in another thread since this is being spammed on this subreddit

&gt; ITT: redditors for whom the title of this click bait article was designed.
Clinton's comments about her donor base weren't bullshit at all. First off, if Sanders can brag about how his donors are mostly from people giving "30 bucks", then it's fair for Clinton to highlight that 60% of her donors are women. The female vote is crucial in a general election, so it's a perfectly legitimate fact for her to highlight.
Now, onto the 9/11 comment. She was essentially being asked why big businesses and banks contribute so heavily to her campaign. She explained, correctly, that New York was attacked on 9/11. The markets closed after the terrorist attack, and the city needed their Senator to stand with them and help them rebuild so that business could get back to normal. Clinton was a very strong advocate for getting federal resources to New York after 9/11, and she did a good job on that, so it only follows that NYC-based businesses in general contributed to her campaigns, financial services companies included.
Bernie Sanders even said she was right and that he appreciates what she did for New York after 9/11.
Of course, I fully expect Clinton's political opponents to manipulate the electorate by taking her comment out of context and saying she blames 9/11 for her taking campaign contributions from banks. Any objective observer of tonight's debate, however, will see through that strategy.
Honestly, whoever wrote this article at Slate knew from the moment that Clinton said the phrase 9/11 that he could capitalize on the reddit anti-Clinton, Sanders Brigade circle jerk to get an article to the top of /r/politics and /r/all, which translates into hundreds of thousands of page views and a ton of ad revenue -- thanks, ironically, to a reddit user base that always claims to be against corporations manipulating people for profit. This is the ultimate troll.

This comment has been overwritten by an open source script to protect this user&amp;apos;s privacy. 

   If you would like to do the same, add the browser extension [GreaseMonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) to Firefox and add [this open source script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite).   

 Then simply click on your username on Reddit, go to the comments tab, and hit the new OVERWRITE button at the top.
Hahahahahaha fuck off Clinton. 
Was there a debate last night? I was watching college football and UFC
Does she even bother to put ANY effort into her bullshit anymore?
If you believe this kind of bullshit then you are delusional and you should take a course in "reality".
These sound like those hilarious /r/circlejerk titles.
[When pressed about her Wall Street donations, Hillary uses 9/11 to deflect the question](https://vid.me/99Qx)
She's going full Guliani. 
Nine......(*gasped audience waiting on baited breath*).... ELEVIN!  (*cheers*)
The twin towers were literally in the financial district of NYC. Right by Wall Street. I actually thought her comment was enlightening, hadn't made that connection before.
Hear ye, hear ye all loons of Reddit. Hillary is YOUR candidate and there is simply nothing you can do about. The DNC has spoken and it is done.  

TRUMP 2016!
RemindMe! 340 days Does reddit still hate Hillary?
[deleted]
If it comes down to trump vs hillary, def vote for trump
She didn't even say that. The headline is nothing more than clickbait.
Oh look, Bernie-bots submitting yet another sensationalized title. 
http://youtu.be/PYtbWWmtVYM
The link between wall street and 9/11?   wasn't it insider trading on airlines?
Fuck her. And Carson and trump
Even worse, Hillary Clinton pockets hundreds of millions of dollars from Wall Street and foreign governments and dares to call it charity.  The Clinton Foundation keeps the blood money tax-free, by claiming to be a charitable organization rather than what it is--an enormous political slush fund.  A real charity doesn't pocket 90% of their donations for private use. 

/r/nottheonion
You need the video to be linked in the title. It's not in the article and is the most disturbing thing I've heard from Hillary.
Good to see a national tragedy worked out for someone!
She had the support of Wall Street before 9/11 though...
"So yes, I did know people." - Hilary Clinton  
  
Yep, she's right about that, "did know" being the operative words. All she knows now is her bank account and how much she likes the taste of power.

It's just hilarious reading all of these comments from Hillary supporters and the mental gymnastics being made to defend her sizable wall street donations. We've decided, apparently, that Wall Street is terrible since 2008 and that's essentially been the cornerstone of Bernie Sanders campaign, but apparently Hilary is above that discussion even though she is the exact problem, a politician being funded by big banks.
feeble story
The title of this post is like the Lois Griffen meme
Just like 9/11 supported all the apeshit of Bush Jr, the TSA and Iraq
...and not because she was a corporate lawyer whose husband was president during Walmart's massive uncompetitive expansion
I'm from Canada so I don't follow a lot of American politics, but I didn't know people actually busted out 9/11 out of nowhere to help their cause. Strange.
Replace "Hilary" with "Trump" in this headline and watch the blind hypocrisy when Hilary supporters crucify Trump for invoking 9/11 when asked why rich people love him. 
Family Guy did it already

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jUTIPQxo21c
Finito. Conchito. If she's the Democratic nomination,  who knows who will win.
&gt;A Winthrop Poll released last week found that just 8 percent of black South Carolinians support Sanders, while 80 percent back former secretary of state Hillary Clinton. Including voters of all races, Sanders trailed Clinton 15 percent to 71 percent. 

So just to make this part clear;

Hillary (Black voters) 80 percent

**Hillary (All voters) 71 percent**

Sanders (Black voters) 8 percent

**Sanders (All voters) 15 percent**

The second set of numbers is really bad for Sanders; he just isn't playing well in S.C. with anyone. 

No endorsement, debates or commissions are going to help with that. He is going to need divine intervention at this point.

Interesting article otherwise, but Sanders really needed to be doing this 12 months ago.
Living near the area, I've been to a Sanders event and a Clinton event. The atmospheres could not have been more different. I was expecting the legendary turnouts that Reddit is always telling me about for Sanders, when in reality he attracted about 600 people to the event I attended. 

Hillary on the other hand had a moderated talk at a historically black college down the road and attracted all kinds of support. I couldn't actually get into the event because it was full. We were all herded into an overflow area to watch a stream of the event. 

Just anecdotally, Clinton's message seems to resonate with black people a lot more than Sanders. These numbers seem to validate that observation. I don't think it's an issue of name recognition either. Sanders has been campaigning heavily in South Carolina. I've had numerous opportunities to see him, but this is the first time I've seen a Clinton event pop up. 
Bernie should focus on Iowa and New Hampshire. South Carolina seems like a lost cause. 
ITT A bunch of white people saying black people are dumb for not voting for their candidate and wondering why they're not voting for their candidate. A bit of self-awareness would work wonders, guys.
Unless those endorsements were coming from Jim Clyburn, Steve Benjamin, or Bakari Sellers then they don't mean much.
What exactly are "black political leaders"? So all black people must now vote for Bernie? 
With any luck this will bring his black support from 8% to 8.000000001% 
So sad, Bernie is opposing voter suppression aimed at blacks, has been a civil rights proponent his whole career, and what does he get?   BLM have done huge amounts of damage to his campaign.  He is going to lose to Hillary on the black vote alone if they do show up.  This is bull shit.  Same with the unions and conservation groups.  They are all supporting Hillary because they don't have ways to financially invest in Sanders???

I don't get it.
Like this means anything
Aww yiss...
Repost. 
I have never seen sanders look happy. I've seen about 400 pictures of him and he always looks upset or like he doesn't want to be there. 
This is good. I think people speaking doom and gloom are mistaken. Its 3.5 months till the first primary...we have a lot of time.
The Democrats seriously messed up their strategy. They thought they could manipulate the polls (for example, do you think they polled Democrats, or Democrats and Independents?). I mean, there's no reason to register for a Party in South Carolina since they have an open primary. I have a feeling most people aren't registered, so if the polls are just random people from a list of registered voters then it's missing most people, and most importantly it's missing the people who decide elections--those who are undecided, and especially those who had given up on the political system until Sanders gave us someone who had the position to speak for us, to represent us in the government where we haven't been represented in a long time.
Ben Carson is going to sweep the black vote, sorry dems
Right on. I'm glad to see some groups thinking through their endorsement, rather than rubber-stamping.
Which is why I'm against both Hillary and Sanders. 
Blacks voting against there own best interests. Old white fucker vs Bill is no contest
Where are the black lives matter college girls screaming and interrupting this endorsement?
If I have to register for the draft, they can throw in automatic voter registration. 
Clinton or Sanders, the Democrats are moving in lockstep toward a more progressive agenda and we need to take advantage of this before they find a way to fuck up a sure thing.
In Florida, you get registered for Jury duty automatically when you get your drivers license but registering to vote is a pain in the ass. I guess our legislature has priorities.
I talked with a republican last week whose opinion was that voting rights should be tied to taxes. For example Anyone who doesn't have a job/pay taxes shouldn't have a vote on how the money is spent. 

When I asked for clarification if that means housewives, unemployed and even the temporarily unemployed should lose the ability to vote, they responded in the affirmative.

Is this a common view or was I speaking to a wingnut?




If your party fights to keep all citizens from having a fair voice in elections, perhaps you should consider who your party really cares about.
Any politician who wants fewer citizens to vote is supporting policies that the people do not want.
When Americans vote, Republicans lose.

The Republicans know this, and thus will use any means available to suppress the vote.
It concerns me that the Republican Party is trying to decrease something that has been proven in many areas to be a key factor in a positive trend for democracy. If you can't win, don't try and change the rules, change yourself instead.
Can anybody explain how this actually affect anything to do with getting people to vote?

It does seem to make it much, much easier for people to vote. *But,* it doesn't seem like it does anything to get people to actually go vote.
Classic shitty journalism:

&gt; Republicans across the country have been pushing to tighten voting laws, saying that it is too easy for people to fraudulently vote. Democrats have said there is no evidence of common voter fraud, and have accused Republicans of seeking to disenfranchise low-income and minority voters who often vote Democrat.

He said, she said: but no effort is made to determine whether either statement represents reality. There is [no evidence](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2014/08/06/a-comprehensive-investigation-of-voter-impersonation-finds-31-credible-incidents-out-of-one-billion-ballots-cast/) of meaningful voter fraud in our electoral system. And many Republicans have gone [on record](http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2013/08/28/republicans-admit-voter-id-laws-are-aimed-at-democratic-voters.html) explaining clearly that their "voter ID" laws are intended to disenfranchise people.

Thanks TIME for letting me do your work. I'll send you a bill.
&gt;Democrats Push for Automatic Voter Registration; As Republicans mount a nationwide effort to tighten voting laws ...

that despite Republican rhetoric and spin doctoring, will generally make it more difficult or problematic for lower income voters to register and vote which is exactly their intent.  This should always be noted.   
[Paul Weyrich, longtime GOP strategist, on voting.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8GBAsFwPglw)
Bottom line -- the more people vote, the more Democrats are elected. That's the math the Republicans are working here.
Give every nutcase a license to own a gun but restrict the constitutional right to vote.  That makes a ton of sense only if you accept that the small government party wants a government small enough only to fill the coffers of their donors.  There is no conservative party in America.
Why do republicans want to make it so hard for people to vote?
Surprise, surprise...
It's because it's already been shown that minorities typically vote democrat. They want to keep that from happening. 
Sanders 2016! Register to vote in your states primary election people.
I have no problem with automatic voter registration so long as you can prove your right to vote at the outset.
They wouldn't vote anyway.
Make Election day a holiday. Give tax rebates to people who vote.
someone needs to ask the republicans why they are so scared of more people voting
Of course this is happening. Republicans rely on the votes of the baby-boomer generation, of which many are already retired and involved in the political process. Keeping the voter turn-out low only strengthens the Republicans chances of winning.  Whereas Democrats rely on the votes of minorities, those marginalized without the means to proactively register to vote, and the votes of young people that either don't have time due to busy work schedules, or are so disillusioned in the political structure in this country they choose not participate.
The reds are scared of everything.  Scared of freedom ( to allow citizens to vote). Scared of immigrants, gays, liberals, atheists, whatever.   They have to hug their guns they are so terrorized by modern life.  They are a bit like ISIS that way.

So sad!
So what happens in areas like California where illegal immigrants can get drivers licenses?

Do they then get to vote?
What is the Republicans' "legitimate excuse" for tightening voting laws?

Oh thats right, they claim there's a massive voter fraud problem even though...  there isn't. 
You need an ID for just about everything else here...why not to vote? 
Just so long as we're only registering citizens.  Not really sure how the system would work but if it's just based off of getting a drivers lisence that means even illegal aliens would potentially get signed up.  Here I'm CA we give lisences out to illegal immigrants just so they have some kind of ID and we can know they took a driving test. 

Anyone have details on these things?  Registering to vote is cool and all, but it won't get people to vote.
when I take my perspective above party politics and look at the issue,  I have trouble seeing a problem in either idea.  What is the issue with automatic voter registration?  Big deal,  its just a registration and not a vote.  Just make it mandatory for proof of identity when getting that registration.    On the other hand too,  what is the problem with ensuring people who vote are who they claim to be in order to avoid fraud?    Our right vs left dynamic sure seems to get in the way of common sense.
As a Republican, I would be fine with automatic voter registration, as long as Photo ID is required at the ballot box or the State does it exclusively by mail.

I would never be OK with mandatory voting laws. As someone who has seen up close the effects of mandatory voting laws in places like Brazil, it is undoubtedly a detriment.
I'm all for automatic voter registration as long as it made to be sure for only legal citizens.
The classic Democrat versus Republican ideology: Inclusion and acceptance versus hostility and intolerance.
How would primaries and party registration be handled?
**How Language Is Used to Deceive You:** [Politics, Business, World Events, Sports, and Law](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ZpIv7T8oEY) (1989)
If everyone is registered to vote and votes, doesn't that make it a republic, not a democracy?
It's going to be interesting to see what the voter turnout in midterms are once the 60+ crowd dies off

Will anyone vote at all?
As an outsider to US politics and who has been following debates from both sides, I don't understand the logical argument behind Republicans making voting more difficult. Could someone explain what the reasoning is behind this? (Aside from the whole "because they know they'll lose", if there is any further reasoning).
You shouldn't need to 'register' to vote; just show your ID.
We don't just need 100% voter registration, we need 100% vote by mail as well.

No polling places to lock out, no long lines to dissuade voters.

In the 2012 election that had record low turnout, my state had 71% turnout.
The fact is we need neither. Americans don't vote in the numbers that people in other countries do. 
Surprisingly Kentucky already does this. Address change, renewal, photo ID. BOOM registered and to the closest one to your house along with a little email (if you give them your address and it is the only thing it is used for) reminding you to vote.
1984 and Animal Farm are manuals. 

"Some people are more equal than others". 
If your tactics rely on suppressing votes then you have no place in a democracy.  Come up with new ideas.  Don't rely on intimidation and suppressing votes.
This is pretty idiotic since when you move out of your parents house, move to another city, or another state you have to update your info.

It will be just like the voter registration we already now have. 
If there was easy and open access to voting and fairly drawn congressional districts the Republican party would cease to exist.
Tightening voting laws will only prolong the Republicans' descent into irrelevance, it's not going to stop it.

They used to be able to win elections with only white votes. Even after their 2012 election autopsy report told them to be more welcoming to broaden their base to more than straight, white, "Christian" voters, they just can't quit blowing their dog whistles. Now that the demographic scales are starting to move the other way, they need to prevent some non-whites from voting, too. By probably 2020-2024, no amount of gerrymandering or voter suppression will be able to save them if they refuse to adapt.
I dont care about automatic registration one way or another, what we actually need is for voting to occur on the weekend, or make that tuesday a national holiday.
I am all for automatic voting rights being given to every citizen around the world. And only citizens.
Is this something that can be done via executive order?

Someone was sending around a petition to make national elections a national holiday, and they were suggesting that it could be done via executive order.
Does that mean I would be automatically eligible for jury duty? Fuck a bunch of that.
Republicans are scared babies. 
Seems like one group is very scared of what voters really think. Imagine if we had 90% voter turnout. 
How about this:

Everyone is automatically registered to vote as of their 18th birthday, and the first time they vote, they are photographed before they step into the booth, and the people in charge of the precinct print them a brand new voter ID ready for them to pick up on their way out.  They must then present this free photo ID to vote in future elections.  The IDs expire after 10 years, at which time they must surrender their old ID to vote, and will be issued a new ID with an updated photo.
"Win at all cost .  Right Dad?"
People who can't even be bothered to take the time to fill out a form to register to vote have no business voting.  
If you are too lazy or dumb to not remember to get registered. You should not be voting. 
Evil Republicans. 

WE SHOULD ALL BE ALLOWED TO VOTE AS MANY TIMES AS WE LIKE WITHOUT SHOWING IDENTIFICATION!!!!!
If everyone was automatically registered and required to vote the GOP would he doomed. Demographically the just lose. House, senate, president, most states and local elections - they lose. Of course they don't want most people voting.
I'm all for automatic voter registration, but this issue is more "party who knows automatic registration will get them more votes" vs. "party who knows automatic registration will favor the other party"
This is exactly why Republicans are never going to run the office ever again. They continue their campaign toward strengthening the modern day feudal system. Fuck you, red. You're a bunch of assholes. The days of having a king and queen should have been over a long time ago.
Why is it so very difficult for Dems to do things like, mail in a voter ID, or bring it or a photo ID to vote?
If people are too lazy to actually register, or too lazy to get out and vote (in other words, they don't care enough about the election to actually do it) then I don't want to see them voting.

We don't need 'automatic' registration. Those of us that choose to vote will register. If literally 100% of the American public voted, this country would go to shit so fast it would be absolutely amazing.

With the intelligence level of the general population, they'd vote for whoever wanted to give them the most free shit without considering any consequences or rational thought.

And just imagine, look how far we've gotten without 'automatic' registration! Let's just light ourselves on fire!
The only time I've had trouble voting is when I lived in Harlem.  One time, they told me I had already voted (someone voted under my name).  The other time a group of black poll workers told me the polling location was closed, as I watched other people walk in to vote.  Voter registration is not difficult.  It shouldn't be a big deal that you have to go through an extremely minor level of effort to vote.  FFS it's harder to get Taco Bell than a ballot.
Jesus Christ this thread is a shit show just shitting on republicans because they want a lower voter turn out. Look at the statistics, states with more voter ID laws tend to vote more republican and states with less to no voter ID laws seem to vote democrat. All of you are saying, "Republicans are trying to strip our freedom and democracy, oh no!" When *actually* they're calling for a more fair election. With voter ID laws you allow more legitimate votes as oppose to no voter ID laws, which would bring more fraud and allow illegals to vote. You need an ID to do basically *anything* in this country and all you leftist democrats don't want that in voting. Why is that? I seriously would like an explanation. Are you really trying to protect the people who don't have a bank account, don't drive, and aren't home owners? - these are all things an ID is required. 
[deleted]
Democrats push to allow millions of illegals the opportunity to vote for Democrats when they should not have the right to vote as non-citizens.

Republicans push to tighten voting laws to restrict the millions of potentially illegal votes from voting against them.

How shocking that either side would behave this way!

Sick sensationalist title of an issue that makes perfect sense if you frame it properly. Top quality reporting by Time!
Does anyone else see why making a comparison between the Democrats idea and the Republican idea doesn't work?

The democratic group in this story is fighting to give automatic voter registration to all eligible citizens. Ok sounds good.

The Republican group is fighting to stop illegal immigrants from voting. Ok sounds good. 

I fail to see how idea one conflicts wit idea two. This article needlessly attacks idea two. Whether that's from ignorance, sheer hate if republican, or another alternate agenda is unknown but please don't buy into this persons hate blindly.
Yes, there is a problem with how many people do/do not vote...but I think equally if not more important is who is allowed to vote. I'm probably going to get bashed for this, but I think in order to register for voting, you should have to take a basic government course/class. Yes, I realize this is probably an impractical thought and would never fly, but in a perfect world...

This has nothing to do with democrats vs republican, poor vs rich, etc. It has to do with educated vs uneducated strictly in terms of political leaders...how can you choose who you want to represent your country when you don't understand the basic concepts of laws and policies that these individuals stand for? I myself still have a ton to learn and by no means am I claiming to be an expert, but I at least try and educate myself with new lingo, laws, history, etc. every day.

There are too many out there who don't see the effect media can have on persuading your views or those who are influenced by others and do not take the time to think about or research the issues that are really plaguing us. Just wanted to vent...
Sad the opinion on Guns isn't the same. All of a sudden when you need an ID to exercise your right to vote the democrats get upset because they know more uninformed voters = more votes for a Democrat. 

"Free" anyone? 
Further proof that the Democrats want voter fraud as rampant as possible. I'd wager some of the biggest pushes are in states that allow illegals to have drivers licenses. 
I think we need national ID's we already have Social Security Numbers, It wouldn't be much of a stretch , then you could vote on-line at the boxes or call in.
This worries me.

I see absolutely nothing wrong with the simplicity of being automatically registered to vote. It's not far off from what we have currently. In the state of Arizona, I can simply tick a box indicating I'd like to register to vote while I register/renew my license... so basically it's almost automatic for me already.

However, I've already heard a few times about 'mandatory' voting, and I do believe this was brought up by democrats. I can't remember the source on that, but the term is basically now on the radar.

*googles it*...

Oh, that's right, it was by our own president!
[Link](http://www.cnn.com/2015/03/19/politics/obama-mandatory-voting/)

So, this worries me because it's 1 step closer to 'mandatory' voting, which would be a massive problem. To keep it very simple, we would be going from a system we currently have in place where only those that wish to participate go out and actually vote, which is the way it should be. Voting done by the informed and/or willing public. Voting by those of us who choose to participate. 

Fast-forward and what would 'mandatory' voting look like? Everybody pulling out their smartphones and pushing a button on a screen like it's a god damn popularity contest. Switch voting from the 'informed public' to include everybody and watch what happens. Scary thought. Pandering would reach an all new level.

So, this is a red flag for me. I'm perfectly happy ticking my box.
Why should it be automatic. I'm sure there are plenty of people that don't want their info in yet another govt system 
Automatic registration is a waste of time if people won't go to the polls.  If somebody is too lazy to register do you really think they will get off their ass to vote?  I sincerely doubt that it will make much difference at all.
Sanders 2016! 
I feel like this is becoming the next big "Gotcha!" thing that no one had an opinion on and now, "you are with us or against us!". Are people really not showing up because they aren't registered? Is this really a party thing or a New Jersey north east thing? [With early voting it's the eastern half of the US that seems to be against it](http://www.ncsl.org/research/elections-and-campaigns/absentee-and-early-voting.aspx).

In Texas you can register as you get your license. It's opt in, but they ask if you want to same with asking about the selective service when you turn 18. I always remember seeing registration drives and groups trying to help people get registered and my social studies class senior year in high school passed around voter registration cards. It hasn't done much to voter turnout though.
This is the guy who stood on stage in support of the pastor who advocates for the murder of all homosexuals. And he happily accepted the endorsement of a guy who wants all doctors who perform abortions to be executed.

This is one of your top three frontrunners for the GOP.

Simply mind-boggling.
Back in the 90s Republicans used to talk about personal responsibility. They don't so much any more 
Remember kids, its only terrorism and hate speech when a brown person promotes it
Just another nutter who doesn't accept his words have consequences, but we do know he is responsible, their blood is on his hands
Reminds me of Sarah Palin's PAC ["targeting" representatives.](https://7373-presscdn-0-43-pagely.netdna-ssl.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/palin.jpg) (Prior to the Giffords shooting.)
It amazes me that these people don't think the words they say have an impact.  You say inflammatory things and whip people up into a frenzy (even if the facts don't back you up) and then pretend that none of what you said could have had any affect whatsoever? So either you're piss-poor at getting people to follow your leadership, or you're a liar. 
Y'all Qaeda!
Wait, so they really think it is ok to kill abortionists because they kill babies and they think all life is sacred and babies should not be killed?
Mike Huckabee said on CNN that he hasn't heard of a single pro-life person calling for harm against abortion doctors.

The right-wing is already trying to twist this debate and make it seem like the people calling out their bullshit are "politicizing a tragedy". 

News like this needs to be spread so the lies and hypocrisy of the far right can be exposed. 
it's so easy to fire up the base with hate rhetoric, until some disoriented person takes what you say literally. Then it's deny, deny, deny...baby
What makes anyone think he changed his views? Closet case clone of Joe Mccarthy probably applauded the shooting. He shared a platform with people who actually legislated to kill gay people. 
What he  is advocating is also  terrorism so that would make him a terrorist.
This right here is why you NEED TO VOTE. You grandparents that don't know how to turn the vcr on are voteing, and it's for idiots like this. 
We hate abortion, but support the death penalty ~today's republican logic
The GOP is becoming a cult and people like Ted Cruz are acting more like cult leaders than real politicians. 
Fuck getting mugged, its this shit right here...   this is why i have a gun...  to protect myself from the real psychos,  the religious zealots,  the backwoods ignorant paranoids... or worse: the highly intelligent people like Cruz who think its ok to incite them.      To save myself from a deliverance moment, or a hitler moment.     If you don't like having one out in your house keep it behind some glass or something like a fire extinguisher  "in the event of civil war break glass". 
Boy it's a rough day for ole Ted on here. Can't say I'm upset about it though 
&gt;Newman, currently the president of the far-right anti-abortion group Operation Rescue, argues that his book was just a “theological study” and that his writing does not constitute “advocating violence.”

Sure hope the leaders of ISIS use this defense anytime they call for violence against the west.  ...it's just a prank, bro!  
FTC
Cruz.exe has stopped functioning properly.  Please save all open progess, and restart  your election campaign.
Just because you disagree with someone does not mean  advocate killing them  it means come up with  other means  to  save lives and in the case of abortion  let the women have contraceptives to prevent pregnancy and eliminate the majority of the need for abortion is what you do not the exact opposite women belong to themselves not these men  trying to dictate these anti women policies into law.
Every time I see or hear the man I get creepy slimy feeling.  I wouldnt let him in my home let alone leave him alone with my daughter

Thank god he left Canada
dat OP.
I really don't see this as hurting his chances with the crowd that is supporting him.
/r/goGOPgo
I'm sure this will damage his reputation among the mindless Christians that follow him. /s
But it's ok, because Jesus.


But didn't you guys hear? Some black guy made a comment on the internet about killing white people. Therefore both sides are the same blah blah something hypocrisy. /s
Murder is wrong unless it's people we disagree with. 
I actually like what Ted is doing, eventually the majority will realize that he is evil and reject his message of hate.
Someone please post this on /r/tedcruz
As much as I can't stand Cruz, I don't find it very fair to attempt placing a sense of blame on him for this event.  His voter base believes abortion is murder and homosexuality is a grave sin.  Of course he will accept endorsements from extremists on that end.  To believe he was supporting this kind of violence is a bit much though. That being said, I think it is horrendous that he or anyone would accept support from someone who advocated violence against others for any reason, much less reasons grounded in religious beliefs.
Well this is awkward Mr. Cruz...
When it comes to preserving abortion rights, and women's health, in this country, we CAN trust Hillary.
Why is the onus on Republicans and their rhetoric and ideology for this terrorist attack, but this is never the case for ISIS and Islam? What is the difference besides "muh Islamophobia"?

I'm not even Republican but seriously asking Cruz or other Republicans to accept responsibility for this guy is a little ridiculous really.
Are you saying we should put the blame on ISIS for attacks like Paris and absolve the Republican party.
And this is where we as a nation have to decide the difference between hate speech and free speech. If you advocate ideas that lead to serious bodily injury to another group, that might be a good spot to draw the line between extremism and democracy. I  believe Huckabee should be brought to court under advocating terrorism against his own country. 
No he didn't, stop the bullcrap.
Three people were killed during that shooting in Colorado. That is a tragedy and we grieve for the innocent victims. Yet 130 were killed by Islamic terrorists in Paris yet we seem to be hearing more about the attack in Colorado.

Yet the Colorado attack was as far as we know carried out by one deranged individual. Call him an anti-abortion right winger or a domestic terrorist if you want. I have no problem with that. But he acted alone and was not part of a world-wide conspiracy carried out by a group that controls vast swaths of territory with millions of dollars in assets with the wherewithal to continue its mayhem.. So you tell me, who is the greater threat?

The nutcase in Colorado will not kill again. Thank God for that. But ISIS will continue killing on a massive scale. So who is the greater threat?
Did he actually brag about the endorsement? Did he brag about it because the guy used violent rhetoric? Im doubtful both are true.
[all you need to know about Cruz and his wake of bullshit](http://www.foe.org/news/news-releases/2013-10-cruise-ships-flushed-more-than-1-billion-gallons-of-sewage-last-year)

Rubio has made a few stupid comments...that's nothing compared to the rest of the field.  Rubio is not part of the clown car.
Think Progress LOL
&gt; abortion clinic shot up by Christian

REEEE BAN SPEECH ON ABORTION CHRISTIANITY IS EVIL

&gt; muslim shoots up everything

NOT ALL MUSLIMS PROTECT ISLAM
If you think abortion is murder then is it really extreme to call for the execution of someone you view as a mass murderer? If you think abortion is murder then the abortion doctors are the same as the doctors in Nazi Germany killing Jews.
Why do so many news headlines have the word "slam" in it? Journalists should crack open a thesaurus sometime. 
Obama quote from the speech: "Folks want to pop off and have opinions about what they think they would do: Present a specific plan," he said. "If they think that somehow their advisers are better than the chairman of my Joint Chiefs of Staff and the folks who are actually on the ground, I want to meet them."
Where's Luther? 
Let us all collectively shit our pants over what happened in Paris, shall we?  Fear has got to be exactly what the terrorists wouldn't want us to do.  For all their tough talking of how we should not let the terrorists win, they sure cave in like a snowman on a summer day.  And you can take that nice poem off the Statue of Liberty because its bullshit.  The reason it became bullshit is because some governor tried to make political points by scaring the rubes.  

Is there any evidence that the Syrian refugees had anything to do with the attacks in Paris? 

Yesterday I saw a headline that out of 7 attackers, one of them was suspected to be a Syrian refugee.  But I haven't heard any updates or confirmations. 
Sadly it seems the GOP is made up of Christians of convenience, not conviction.
Conservative Imperials complain about the Empire letting in so many Dunmer refugees from Morrowind.
Trump acts like dealing with ISIS is a game of Call of Duty.
Not the biggest Obama fan, but he's SPOT ON with his comment!

There are 1.6bn Muslims. If they were all GIANT FUCKING ASSHOLES like those terrorists, we'd all be dead. Pretending they're "all (closet) terrorists" is akin to saying all Christians are members of the Westboro Baptist Church.

I was on vacation in Western Sahara, a deeply Muslim place, this year and met a ton of really cool locals. After the attacks, they were just as outraged as the rest of us. I don't want people to group those people together with asshole terrorists, they deserve better! 
I'm liberal but I think we should be very careful with who we allow here. Anytime I see polls about Muslim views towards America, sharia law, women's rights, etc. it makes me realize that we are completely different. Even moderate Muslims have more radical views than some of the more extremist we see here. I subscribe to aljezzera on FB and the comment section is often filled with violent, angry, and disturbing messages. I understand that not all have these views but it's enough to cause concern. 

http://www.pewglobal.org/2006/06/22/the-great-divide-how-westerners-and-muslims-view-each-other/ this has a few polls showing views on 9/11, suicide bombing, women's rights, etc. 

http://www.pewforum.org/2013/04/30/the-worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-beliefs-about-sharia/ this has similar questions in it but gives more detail and more polls. 


I am enjoying the Obama 'lame duck' phase more than just about any political tenure in recent memory. He has been epically laying waste to republican jellyheads for the past year. 

＼(☆o◎)／
fyi world ISIS wants you to turn away middle eastern refugees. It plays into their agenda.
Something I've noticed over the years is that conservative platforms are typically geared around fearmongering or some "us vs them" argument. The Republican Party took this strategy and ran with it in the civil rights movement era and have never looked back since.
The fools on both sides are perpetually having a pissing contest. And they're both getting wet.
Took 8 idiots with guns to change the United States' immigration policy. 
Hate to say it but he's right. Ted Cruz is an idiot for even thinking that. 

Surprised that his blatant discrimination has been ignored by the press. 
So what exactly is stopping members of isis from claiming refugee status?
One of the Paris terrorist was a refugee  from Syria that came in via Greece then Germany. 
I saw a video on Facebook this morning of GWB "predicting" if we pulled out of Iraq early this would happen. Never mind the fact that we should have never been there in the first place, and that his administration lied their way to invasion. All the comments were talking about turning the middle east into a parking lot, kill em all, etc etc. 
Obama is playing a very dangerous game.  Here's a random prediction.  Obama forces one or all of these Republican states to take in Syrian refugees.  There is at least one successful attack linked to ISIS in those states and one of the perpetrators is also linked as among the Syrian refugees exactly as we saw in Paris.

The problem if this happens is it will completely turn the majority of people against the Democrats.  All the progress Sanders has made will be for nothing.  And Trump becomes the 45th president leading us into another ground war.
Gotta say, I'm proud of Mr. O for resisting the urge to invade something just to satisfy our very real desire for revenge. 
It's short, easily conveys its meaning, and is understood by the target audience. This is CNN, not The Atlantic or some other high-falutin' publication.
A lot of Republicans don't want many immigrants anyway, makes sense the party would play to their demographics and not want the refugees as well, regardless of possible safety concerns. 
While I agree with his stance it makes me so frustrated that he waited to use the bully pulpit until this issue.
President Obama is deflecting legitimate questions about our security by claiming we're being insensitive to refugees. We have definitive proof that ISIS embeds terrorists within refugee populations; of course we need to reevaluate the program.

To paraphrase Dr Ian Malcolm, your politicos were so preoccupied with whether or not they could, they didn't stop to think if they should.
Why is taking refugees the default? We have no obligation to do so. 
Doesn't seem like we have a good screening process for the refugees. Obviously saying that is racist. 
I'm not anti-Muslim at all. I've spent time working in the middle east, North Africa and the Persian Gulf regions in both my military and private life. What not being discussed is this, the large majority of these refugees are Sunnis, and Sunnis are fundamental Islamist and follow Wahhabism. The most violent terrorist groups in Syria (and elsewhere) are Sunni (ISIS, Al Qaeda, Nusra Front, Muslim Brotherhood...) and these refugees side on the same side at ISIS, et al. Sunnis are also very intolerant of other religions or cultures by their nature and this is why no one wants them in the Arab countries.
Obama should invite each refugee to the White House to sit down and have a beer with him.
Why were his strongest words reserved for his political critics?
America has kicked a thousand times more sand in those peoples faces than France. Only a mouth breathing fucktard can't see that bringing in thousands of these people won't end in a terror attack.
Say the words "radical Islamist terror" and admit to the people that they've been keeping ISIS alive just to fuck with Assad, and then maybe I'll be more receptive to what Obama's saying regarding ISIS.  Until then, there's misinformation all around.  
Nice to see that he's angry about the events of the last few days.  Too bad he isn't that angry at ISIS.
Is it worth it if 1% of the refugees become/are terrorists? This is what conservatives are saying. It's not worth the risk. Also enjoy the tax increases cause who is going to be paying for these people. Tax payers. Who has to compete for jobs?

We are a different country that when the Statue of Liberty was built and already have enough of our own BS to deal with than take in thousands of people and any number of them may be terrorists looking for easy passage in country.

Most of them genuinely need help but who here is going to take responsibility for the few that blow up a mall or sporting event and kill American citizens?
Fear and hatred are their brand.

Am I talking about the GOP or ISIS?
If they want to play that game all Christians should have been kept out because of the crusades 
This is most annoying as Mexican-American who's father came from mexico, Legally. 

Obama time has been the time of the most deportations, and under his admin the whistle blowers are being hunted down. 

Point is, there's a legitimate neighbor to the south who has proven time and time again that the people there come here to work hard and do well for the economy. 

We don't blow shit up, and kill people. Or being stupid religions here to bitch about being offended. 

In fact many Mexican Americans are super stoked to just get a green card or even the licenses the California allowed illegals to have recently. 

We should be helping Mexicans come here, who also suffer from the huge drug war in the country. 



Anyways that's my opinion. 

There's nothing we gain from ignorantly extending an arm into a snake pit to hopefully grab Gardner snakes and not Cobras. 

Once again the Republicans are proving themselves to the be party of NO, and nothing more. 
Every so often this guy reminds me why he really is a pretty great president
I usually side with the left in most cases, but in this instance I believe we shouldn't take in *any* Syrian refugees for the time being.

I look at it like this:

The refugees are tenants of a house  (Syria) that have left their home due to a rat infestation (ISIS). They would like to return to their house but not until the rats are taken care of. Now, even though we are clear across the world with our own issues, we offer to help the tenants with their rat problem (consider us the exterminators). 

Here's my issue with all this. Why do we, the exterminators, have to house the tenants as well? That's not what exterminators do. They eliminate what pests are causing the issues so the home owners can safely live at home.

These 'homeowners' are basically saying, "rid the rats and house us too."
Why? Why can't you just be grateful of our services to help eliminate the rats? We are not some hotel/pest removal service. There are countries much closer to them and with less military presence that can take the role of 'hotel' or whatever. 

We are helping them with their burden but want more. I'm sorry but beggars can't be choosers and we need a President who can say that. Right now, it seems like Obama isn't that person.

A shame, cause I voted for him twice thinking that he was.
Both boston marathon bombers were refugees from civil war. Passed extensive vetting by the U.S. government, before planting bombs next to children and then casually walking away. 
he was angry because the press was asking him tough questions that were questioning his policies.  that agitated him.
Better idea for the president. Stop meddling in the middle east. American meddling causes distress and disorder. This attack is blowback.

We've known this for years. The Muslims are angry at the West, particularly the US, because we occupy Muslim lands. They don't hate our freedom. They hate our bombs and bullets killing and maiming their people.

Accepting refugees instead of adjusting US foreign policy is like mopping a floor and dumping filth on it at the same time. It's a vicious cycle.
Should just slander isis with tons of memes making it look silly stopping it from the source &gt;_&gt;
What angers me the most is when they cut to the audience and maybe...50% of them are actually paying attention to him. The rest are busy playing Fallout 4 on their laptops or Tweeting "@Obama speech. I want to play Fallout 4 so bad but forgot my laptop."
That press conference was boring, though. Obama was clearly tired. His speech was weak and he stumbled alot.
Am I the only one that misses passionate Obama. You know, the Obama that was campaign for things. That man is strong and commanding, it's nice to see him showing that now and again. You since the majority time he's just been an establishment shill.
Coulda been worse....slamgate.
I'm really glad the autoplay video fad is making a comeback.
Didn't he the morning of the attacks say that ISIS was contained?  
I don't get it, it's not a slammer. We aren't trying to gamble our pogs away. 
Why don't "We the people" ever get a say on how our country needs these people?
What about the domestic terrorists? The #BlackLivesMatter so I'll shutdown roads and terrorize white students???  Jail those racists!
Yay! More refugees for the US!
"The suspects were then identified as Chechen brothers whose family had immigrated to the United States as refugees around 2002: 26-year-old Tamerlan Tsarnaev and 19-year-old Dzhokhar Tsarnaev..."
He's angry because it's not possible to handle the situation worse in the Middle East than he is. He won't even name the enemy he is so far behind.
For once I side with the republicans.  
I don't think it's a far fetched idea to think some of those coming over as "refugees" might be coming over to cause harm. Why accept potential terrorists into our country only to pass new legislation to enact security measures that erode our civil liberties. Here is an idea, let's stop with the military adventurism that caused the destabilization in the first place. When will people wake up an realize this chain of events starts and ends with our interventionist foreign policy. 
[deleted]
God damn its embarassing when our partisan bickering gets shilled by one of our leaders on an international stage.

Same shit as when Republican congressmen wrote a letter to the Iranian government pledging to not uphold Kerry's deal if a Repub gets elected.

Keep that shit at home, its like a lover's spat being broadcast on Facebook but at an international level, its fucking disgraceful.
President Obama is the great leader America still needs after his departure. It's a shame that such a great president will have to resign at the peak of his wisdom.

It's a gruesomely difficult task to keep balance to all forces influencing America as a world leader. It works with falling and failing, trying to do the right thing.
This PRESIDENT is delusional. This whole country is delusional. 
Clearly angry? I just watched 2 minutes, and in typical Obama fashion, he managed to get out 20 words with about 64 beautifully placed pauses
They can be humanitarian and not keep them in the US. Why do they need to come here specifically? Defend a safe zone in Syria or some gulf state. 
At the end of the article Obama said 

&gt;""Folks want to pop off and have opinions about what they think they would do: Present a specific plan," Obama said. "If they think that somehow their advisers are better than the chairman of my Joint Chiefs of Staff and the folks who are actually on the ground, I want to meet them."

Sorry but I have to call BS. Obama has removed many of the highest ranking Generals and Admirals who have disagreed with him. For all intents and purposes, Obama has surrounded himself by "yes men" and then declared... "See they all agree with me"

Obama is incredibly misleading about this point and I'm not buying it. 
I used to identify with the Republican party. I was a big Romney fan and even a McCain fan. But the Republican party has become a cartoon version of itself with the two "politicians" leading both being absolutely off their rocker. It's embarrassing for the United States. I dislike the Democrats almost as much (yes even reddits very own Bernie). 

At the beginning of this whole election process the one person I thought I didn't want in office was Hillary Clinton. Now I'm going to be voting for her because she's the only realistic candidate that is at least qualified to be president. 

America has to get its shit together when it comes to politics, this is getting ridiculous.
There's nothing weaker than being paranoid and fearful of the unknown. So many people saying "those soft liberals allowed this flood of radical muslim refugees." I'm still waiting for that society to be obliterated or any of the other doomsday scenarios they envisioned. Conservatives always play the tough card on any issue, but they all stem from fear. Yes, we should have totally closed the borders, give up our freedom, our ability to trade efficiently beyond our borders which affects billions and stop hundreds of thousands of needy refugees in their track... to stop those 8 guys /s.  
This is so, so important right now. 

I've never been as horrified about the general tone on reddit, as i was in these past days following the attack on Paris.

 I'm not one of those people who act as if there's something wrong with showing some empathy symbolism on facebook. (even if it's the only thing you do, even if 100 or 1000 times as many muslims were killed by ISIS as white westerners)

Showing that symbolic empathy is never a bad thing i think. It hit all of us, who can relate so well to those young people in the Bataclan, so fucking hard. 

But the sheer amount of insane islam-hate on here lately is just *scary*. People threw themselves at the lady on /r/videos quoting a statistic about 15-25% of the worlds muslims being "extremist" - with no further mention about what that means. 

In the comment section, an *upvoted* comment said:  

&gt;It is estimated beetween 15-25% of the worlds muslims supportive to extremist views. That means millions upon millions are already out there and just forgewtting about them is not going to do shit. They already hate/want to kill us. So the only thing is to kill them.

I'm not going to link to the comment here, to avoid people PMing etc.

But this is... what? Serious incitation of the *biggest genocide human history?* UPVOTED. It wasn't a first-response, but it was +5 when i just copied it now. I know that's a small sample size, but this was in /r/videos - not exactly r/atheism. 

There is *such* simplification of the religious question going on here these days, such naive cycling of terribly misrepresented statistics. 

For example, it was touted in there "more than half of muslims want t destroy westerners". 

The root quote of this was that in a poll, over half of *a particular citys* muslim population had answered that they support Al Qaeda. 

...but if you then read further - there was a question asked: "Do you believe the 9/11 attacks where made by arabs". 
60-something percent answered no. 

Now - all boring discussion about belief in wacky conspiracy theories - the point here is this huge gap in understanding and translation in principles and beliefs between these westerners and middle-easterners In this rather polarized sample - you have an amount of people saying they support al qaeda. Some westerners hear it and interpret it as "we want to destroy every infidel/westerner". Meanwhile the people saying they support it doesn't even think Al Qaeda performed the attacks that provide 99% of the frame of reference westerners have for AQ.

When we (most westerners) hear the words "Al Qaeda" all we hear maybe is "destruction of west" - so support of that = support in destruction of westerners, right?. Apparently the muslims in question didn't think it had anything to do with 9/11 even. So what's going on? They probably (my guess) just have some idea about a very conservative force out to preserve fundamental Islamic virtues. So in an already polarized area, many say "sure, we support those fundamentally supportive of Islam". I mean is this where the magic misunderstanding happens? Is this where these *fundamentalist* anti-muslims are born?

But then these people erect crazy anti-religious and even more anti-muslim websites, with huge laundry lists of biased and improperly framed statistics. 

If you write "religion" and "Peace" in google - the first hit is this website:

http://www.thereligionofpeace.com/

It's like a tumbler page of radical anti-islamic circlejerking. 

This is a serious fucking problem. I mean this trend is running *headfirst* into the worst logical-mis-leaps in history about the nature of religiosity, and using it to divide humans into good and evil.  Sure it's always been there as a tendency, but in the last 5-10 years i really feel like this has escalated tremendously online. 

It's as if, with peoples attention span being shortened so much, no one bothers to really question, what kind of a thing it is for a person to call themselves christian or muslim. Whether that act alone commits them to being responsible for every line in Leviticus or every line in a serious of more aggressive Hadiths. Or whether in fact calling yourself Christian or Muslim is really just a very broad statement about your religious heritage as well as something about what you believe about the deeper nature of the universe. 

It is now sold (and bought, in many parts of reddit apparently) as being the equivalent of committing yourself to explicit political ideology. And the step is *even* being made, as it was in the upvoted comment i quoted above, to just suggest killing the 200-300 *million* people, who answered something on some polling questionaire. 

I can't help but think ... should the writer of the comment then, according to his own logic, be lawfully killed by those he is declaring war against? What goes on in his head? Where apparent (please correct me if i'm wrong) trend on reddit end? 

I'm not often as woefully in accord with Obamas message as here. And he is completely correct in trying to build bridge to the republican audience in using the Bush quote as a lead-in. We *HAVE* to be able to agree on this one point. Religious affiliation is not equal to political affiliation, and responsibility for the crimes of other worshipers of the same religion is *not* transferable to you. 


There's a word for people who believe they are constantly under threat of attack: Cowards.
Who cares if he's angry? Maybe he could aim some of that anger at the people causing this worldwide mayhem. But no, Republicans garner his anger. It's amazing that this man sees his own countrymen as a graver danger to than people who would put a knife in his heart if they had the opportunity. Madness.
F*ck 0blahblah
Typical President Obama.  Islamists slaughtering Parisians is nothing to him compared to the evil of Republican rhetoric.  
Is obama gonna contain the pubs like he's contained isis - suck it obama, you are a zero on foreign policy and all your scat flinging won't cover the stench of its failure.
I don't believe a word this snake says, ISIS wouldn't be what it is without direct help from the US, NATO and Saudi Arabia. Getting real fucking tired of your "tough talk" too, Obama.
What's that?  My policies on ISIS have been ineffective?

Um....hey media look over there, Republicans are doing stuff.
Obama really does love his fellow muslims.
I can see nothing but bad coming from this... We have nothing to gain and everything to lose.
Maybe I would feel better if I knew that they weren't just going to be let free to run around and vanish into America with no real track on them. Anyone know what the plan for their acclimation would be? Where they would stay? What they would be doing? How they would be surviving? 

These are very important questions that must be answered, this is not a simple matter and, like every issue, it is not black and white (AKA Republican and Democrat)
i know I'll get downvoted because r/politics is irrational, but I just wanted to say that I'm very disappointed that the most important issue to Obama is that innocent muslims aren't treated poorly to any degree: dirty looks, negative opinions, etc. Can we work on solutions to violence first rather than solutions to harsh words?
Tell it to the families of the victims of the Boston Marathon bombing...those two shits were "Muslim refugees"...
You can always count on the GOP to be an embarrassment.
If a liberal is more outraged about politicians opposed to the mass immigration of tens of thousands of islamic fighting age males then the fact that 130 unarmed noguns French forbidden by their government from defending their lives with handguns were systematically shot in the head by Islamic State "refuge immigrants" while laying on the ground like dogs, then we have a bigger problem then ISIS.

Obamas presidency will be seen as the worst President to ever sit in the white house. 
This is why Obama fails and fails again. Instead of standing up for America and speaking to everyone, he uses the opportunity for cheap politics. 
Poor Baby, must really hurt when the Republicans are mean to him.
Or they could blow, bang, crash, snap, pop, clap, fissure, or flaw open a thesaurus some time... 
Title doesn't match article's headline.  Upvoted.
iSlam copyright -Apple.  
  
  Islam will never be the same.
The real question is: ARE THOSE FLAGS CGI?!?!?! They sure as hell look like it to me.
Yeah we need to change... Presidents.
[deleted]
We need to be culturally enriched by the Islam, and taking in Muslim refugees is a great way to achieve this.  

Obama was right when he said "The future must not belong to those who slander the prophet of Islam." 

Anger and resentment is what drives this president.  He wants to force Islam down our throats.  He's giddy over the fact that he gets to bring in millions of Muslims that American citizens don't want.  He hates traditional America and never misses an opportunity to stick his thumb in our face.
He hates the Republicans much more than he hates ISIS. Sick.
Fuck him. He gets angrier at political rivals than he does at terrorists.

He called Paris a "setback".

But then again I will never forgive him when he called the beheading of Daniel Pearle "the loss of Daniel" as if he died from leukemia. 

Fuck him and his weak foreign policy. The man i completely in over his head and cannot understand that because he wishes something so, it doesn't make it so. His soaring rhetoric was fun in 2007.  Now it's just dangerous. 

I'm sure when bombs go off in Times Square or Ghirardelli Square or "Kominski Field" he will still turn it into a chance to bash his political rivals. Its what he does and who he is.  
This sackless turd has no room to talk.
Was this before or after ISIS was contained?
Hey, don't worry.  They are the JV.  We've got em contained.  
the answer to ISIS is clearly gun control, right prez?
Hey Prez.  You know what's counterproductive?  Insulting half the voters in your own country.  That is not how a good leader behaves.  You fucked up and made a stupid, ignorant statement just before the Paris attacks.  If you're going to let well-deserved criticism irritate your pussy, then go to Sam's Club and get a huge tub of Vagisil because you're going to need it.
Where is this "World Stage" located?
Oooo! The president is upset now! Don't get the president angry!
Obama just mad cuz he's Muslim himself
Such a divisive president. People wonder why things don't get done when he spends more time badmouthing Republicans than he does Isis.
Well at least he's focusing on important things like a campaign he won't be running in 
Obama tough alright.....won't say Islamic radical but will call out those nasty republicans...what a fucking joke this guy is..
So it's smart to invite a bunch of potential terrorists here to pull the same sort of shit they do in Europe and their home countries?  Fuck that
Honestly Obama is as bad as Bush at this point since both are an embarrassment to their respective parties, both made problems in the Middle East, and both have a superiority complex thinking they have absolute authority over everyone
Fuck the refugees, not our problem. Hey Obama stop trying to run the world you useless fucking cunt. 
Puppet's going to puppet.  Still droning kids in Yemen?  Yup...


**EDIT:** gee downvotes but no one can contest my statement, what a surprise. 
No one will ever accuse Obama, or his administration, of "talking as if they're tough." Weak, feckless, leading from behind, talking out his ass, sure.
If you had 100 grapes and you knew 1 was poisonous, would you eat them?
"A Muslim sympathetic Democrat is clearly angry about conservative Christian Republicans."
Simply talking about ISIS is counterproductive.
What ever happened to “Politics stops at the water’s edge”? 

Is that rule over now? I mean he went to a Turkey (the home of the Armenian Genocide) to complain about the Republicans? 
Yet,the six wealthy Gulf countries - Qatar, the United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait and Bahrain - have offered to receive exactly zero Syrian refugees.
Of the 1.6543428 quadrillion muslims in the world, there are only about 200,000 card-carrying members of ISIS, all with their official bad guy black uniforms. So don't worry, I'm sure that these millions of muslims fleeing warzones in the Middle East will all end up being the chill kind. Just give them the benefit of the doubt.
Maybe ODumbshit forgets he armed the piece of shit ISIS cowards. Only thing Obama needs to do is step down and leave and be tried for war crimes along with Bush and Clinton.
Obama is always toughest against a strawman.


Slamming fellow American's on a World stage because they have a different letter after there name.  How about just expressing empathy and laying out a plan to stop it from occurring again?  So sick of our 2 party system and Barry's whining about the other party while doing nothing. 
If we get attacked bc of this mr president. You are the sole person to blame. You couldn't just give a fancy speech or lie to us to get out of it either
I'd rather they talk as if they are tough than say that IS is contained and it's not a problem.  God all this is is liars and thieves arguing with liars and thieves
obama should just go away, no one gives a damn about him
A clearly angry president Obama can blow me. All it takes is one of the refugees to commit some horrible act and the electorate will never let the left live it down.
Drug testing for weed is stupid but as a fellow toker, people shouldn't be getting stoned at work. Especially jobs like construction.
He came to Savannah, GA a fee days ago and had a speech there. He is truly captivating and has some great ideas, he also has some ideas I'm not too fond of but I believe him to be a good man and if elected president will be a great leader and change for this country that we so deperately need.
I wonder how many people still think it's banned for our safety
good, people shouldnt be barred from work because they choose to use a substance in there off time that doesnt affect there work time. 
&gt; In fact, even in states that have legalized recreational marijuana use, there are cases of employers successfully terminating employees for medical marijuana use.

That's a bunch of bull shit. If someone needs weed for medical purposes, and can prove that with a doctor's note, they should not be punished for doing so. 
This is EXACTLY what I've been waiting for. Medical Marijuana? Great. Decriminalized weed? Fantastic. 

Drug testing in states where it's been decriminalized... what?
Hahaha there is no way they will push through a bill like that without hundreds of riders and amendments.

Corporate suit responsibility alone would be a decades long litigation nightmare if they force the hand of hiring practices across the board.
i love how people actually think something a candidate says now will somehow be implemented into law with no hitches. 
Oh America you keep surprising me. Normal jobs have fucking drugs tests? Wow 
Not a weed smoker. But, this is a great idea as there are more and more people smoking for recreational and medicinal purposes. Let's face it: drug testings restricts free movement in the workplace. People who use marijuana have limited (although, of course, not scarce) access to the work place (i.e. some people don't take certain jobs because they smoke). Further, people who would benefit from smoking marijuana cannot due to their workplace. So, this will help with this. 

HOWEVER, we need to recognize there are certain jobs (bus drivers, construction workers, etc.) that must carry restrictions on the use of marijuana. BUT, these should be lumped in with alcohol, prescription drugs, or other substances that inhibit proper function at the work place. Maybe this can be done in increased reporting of safety violations or increased access to substance abuse programs. Either way, we can't just say "no more drug testing" without providing a structure for decreased use or abuse at the workplace.
I don't think they should stop testing until there is a reliable and accurate test to show whether someone is under the influence.  It's one thing to be high at an office, but if you work a job where you can injure yourself or someone else you shouldn't be allowed to be high at work.  That includes anyone who drives around like salespeople, etc.
With no jobs, there will be no need to drug test for employment!

Ok that was a snide remark. My biggest issue with popular Bernie news is that it ALL focuses on social policy and next to nothing about fiscal policy except for some feel-good social aspects of his fiscal policy. It's very frustrating. Our country is in a pretty good spot socially. Not perfect by any means, there are a lot of changes I want to have made for sure. And many of them are on Bernie's platform.

However, our fiscal policy is teetering on a mess, and Bernie's proposals will not help the long term economic health of the US in the slightest, IMHO. I'm very scared that people are quick to align themselves based on social issues which, while important, are less of a problem for US citizens these days in the grand scheme of things.

Complicated, boring, mundane fiscal and economic policy is much more important to me right now and yet the social policy threads are the ones that get the upvotes.

Sad.
Prison guard unions give lots of money to Democrats.

Private prison operators give lots of money to Republicans.

Not to be Condescending Wonka, but go ahead and tell me how marijuana will ever be legal nationwide when politicians make so much money off it being illegal.
Its a pipe dream.
Bernie has my vote. When and how do I vote for him? 
Airline pilots for weed!
Didn't know the power to do anything like this was in the president's job description. 

Making campaign promises seems to be his current job.
Workman's comp is going to fight it to the death. They save untold billions not covering work-related injuries for people who test positive for thc.
Lol. Trump has a better chance of getting rid of 11 million illegal aliens than Sanders has of getting private companies to stop drug testing. 
I worked at a hydroponics warehouse where we all smoked weed at home and would buy weed from each other at work.  I wouldn't show up stoned because my boss knew exactly what I was like high and could spot it in a heartbeat by the way I said hi in the morning.  No need for tests.  I left when they hired an 18 year old that had to blaze every morning before work like a damn fool.  I can't imagine he's still there.

tl;dr I am a pothead that chose not to smoke before work for myself, and was a great employee.  The people who do chose to smoke end up rooting themselves out pretty quickly.
We have a Constitutional Right to Weed.   It's right there in the 14th amendment.  
Not in minor league baseball. Damn union 
Sadly even if its legalized nationwide there is no law preventing an employer from saying you still can't use it. (correct me if I'm wrong)

And because it can be detected days or weeks after its last use and the effects wear off in a matter of hours Employees using it on their own time could still be punished for it.

What we need is better testing that will show how recently it was used if such a test were possible.

OR just make it illegal to test for it since its legal.
My mom is tested for nicotine for her job because of the medical insurance or something. They can always do the say thing for weed. Even if weed isn't a carcinogen, you know that they are going to just test anyways. 
Realistically it probably won't stop the drug tests.  Especially in this job market, employers will test for whatever they damn well please.  If they put it in your contract that you are not permitted to smoke weed, they can test for it and fire you for testing positive. Some hospitals test for nicotine and will fire/not hire you for testing positive, even though it's legal. 

is it bullshit? absolutely.  But it seems they can get away with it. 
Alcohol is not a good man and if elected president will be a good man and if elected president will be no need to drug test and they'd never know.
But if the best version cannot differentiate the last 3 weeks and that's as precise as they can call me.
If I can legally go home and unwind with a glass of scotchand a cigar after work, I should be allowed to smoke a joint to replace both the habbits. Prohibition is dumb, I wish people would realize it is futile and will end the same way alcohol progibition did, because there is no argument against marihuana that does not also apply to (or is worse in rhe case of) alcohol.
Some take a hit that morning should fail a test If alcohol is allowed then marijuana should be held responsible, not your employer for failing to nanny you enough.
This is a misleading title.
Does anyone in this thread understand how the Executive Branch works in US government?  Bernie's "proposals" don't and won't mean very much even if he manages to get elected. 
Maybe this can be justified for high risk jobs, even if its legalized nationwide there is no way to know when an employee is currently unable to do with employer drug-testing.
Yes please.
Oh please, it'sa proposal, it's not being voted on, going to committee to be turned into legislation. I propose Mr. Sanders is making more promises that he can ever deliver.
Last I checked you can fire someone for pretty much anything that is not a protected class. So it doesn't matter that it's legal you can refuse to hire and fire those that smoke cigarettes for example even though they are legal in all 50 states. Legalizing Marijuana will not change an employee's ability to do that, although it might make it so they can get away with no doing it if they want (Insurance requires it in some cases but if it's legal insurance would have issues legally denying coverage for that) 
I'm all for the legalization of pot yay Colorado citizen, but if a business says you can't smoke weed that's there right as a business to do that.
Goddamnit, Bernie. Every time I think you can't possibly impress me any more, you prove me wrong. Be the voice of common fucking sense this country has needed for the past 40 years. Go, you glorious bastard, to the White House!
Thanksgiving conversation today:  
Mom: "They want to legalize weed to dumb down the youth even more."
Me: "Maw, considering how many kids are already smoking it, how much more danger alcohol poses, and the financial/law enforcement pros to legalizing it, are you sure that is a reasonable motivation"? 
Mom:  "Yeaaa thats aaaalways the response to try to avoid the real answer." Proceeds to  get up from her chair to get salad dressing out of the friddge and stumbles over due to heavy wine consumption.
I'm definitely voting for this guy
this is awesome 
I don't see the problem with smoking weed if you it doesn't effect your job performance 
I've never had to take a drug test as a condition of employment.  Nobody has my fingerprints either. Hell I could be a professional assassin.
So we'll be able to fire people for their political beliefs posted to Facebook, but not for being a pothead. Yeah right.
So does the mean we're going to end testing for alcohol?
[deleted]
How long do yah suppose until military folk will be able to partake of the ganja if this trend of legalization continues?
I'll bet Ol' Bernie wants his private plane pilot tested.
[deleted]
Bernie sanders is my glib glob 
This is why I'm voting for Bernie Sanders!
I support Sanders, but if anyone thinks he will be able to get any of this through Congress, they need to stop smoking weed.
I'm definitely pro more accurate drug tests, but I rather have the tests as they exist now than eliminating them completely til we have a better choice. Employee at will very much covers the employers rights to fire you over this so its not really a violation of your rights is my understanding.
&gt; Democratic presidential hopeful Bernie Sanders has become a superhero of sorts to the stoner nation by recently vowing to end marijuana prohibition across the United States.

Dank memes for Bernie.

But seriously, what a joke.
What a maniac, he wants people to work under the influence.
Like obama, this guy is a young liberals dream. Wow smart old man!
420 vote Bernie erryday
Only happens in the US that I'm aware of, outside military and jobs with specific risk. Really don't understand why people so willingly to submit to tests. I've never been tested.
I'm okay with drug testing as long as it also includes alcohol, so as not to be deeply hypocritical.
Each job is on a customer's head.
Having people driving while impaired in Colorado isn't good enough, we need to make the roads everywhere more dangerous
This guy is full of shit, this has no chance of happening. 
Sanders sure has the young and dumb vote locked up.
tap, tap, tap, tap-tap, tap, tap
Not sure how related this is, but we're friends with a state rep whose campaign my fiance worked for in her free time.  We hosted meetings and stuff for her (the state rep) in our house during the campaign.

Well, at some point, we had a sign-in sheet in our home for one of these things.  Everyone signed in, and afterwards the information was used for whatever.  One of the people left fake information, though.  A few of us talked about it, and then the rep's staff talked to another local politician's staff, and eventually they all figured out who it was.  Except we didn't know his name - we just had a picture with him in the background.  He was using fake names everywhere he went (all political meetings), so people suspected he was a Republican spy.

I was kind of pissed, because this guy entered my house under false pretenses.  So naturally, I hit the net, went on an exhaustive search (ran into some good luck during this, honestly - my brother recognized him), confirmed he was a Republican, and found both his name and address.  Still have both of them written down on a note in my wallet.

I wanted go talk to him about lying to get into my house, but my fiance wouldn't let me.  Ultimately we didn't do anything about it, but campaign stuff is starting up again and I've heard he might be back at it.

**Edit:** Some of you aren't reading this post very carefully, or assuming intentions behind it.  Yes, I know this is a thing.  Yes, Democrats do this too.  I never said otherwise - I just don't like people coming into *my house* for an event that *wasn't open to the public,* and lying to do so.
What a wonderfully productive way to spend your billions.  Not at all like that jerk Gates and the whole malaria thing.
Anyone know more about this? 

&gt; In another instance, sources say, Roman's team set out to identify an IT contractor who was working for one of the network's groups and was posting anonymous messages to Reddit, proclaiming that he worked for the Koch brothers but despised their stances. Within 48 hours, the team had sleuthed out the offender and his contract was terminated.


The Koch bothers are the current under-the-radar incarnations of the Dulles brothers.

John Foster Dulles was secretary of state while his brother, Allen Dulles, was director of the Central Intelligence Agency. During the Cold War era they advocated an aggressive stance throughout the world that we are still paying for today.
From the article: 

&gt; The Kochs concluded that defeating this well-funded left-wing infrastructure requires tracking the professional left in real time ― a capability they realized they lacked after the 2012 election. In the run-up to that election, the Koch network spent $400-million-plus attacking Democratic politicians and policies, only to see President Barack Obama win re-election and his party maintain control of the Senate. A forensic audit of the network’s efforts concluded the Kochs had been out-maneuvered by the left on the airwaves, in the data war and on the ground. Vowing not to let that happen again, the network began investing in the competitive intelligence team and other efforts to keep tabs on the left.

It's amazing that they think the 2012 election was lost because of left-wing perfidy, and not because they had a stiff, humorless candidate who was caught stating that 47% of the country were parasite voters bought by Democratic free money.

Still more amazing that they think their little mini-Stasi (not CIA -- they're also spying on the Koch organization to find moles) will work to elect people like Trump or Carson, who serve as international punchlines for their truculent ignorance.
So it's like Watergate, but legal because their billionaires and money is speech. 
The Kochs have paid Frank Luntz over a million dollars in consulting fees.

However, the only media to cover this (so far) has been "Media Matters" which has been banned by the Mods. 

Sorry! No news for you! The Mods have spoken.
Amazing the power billions of dollars gives someone.  The koch brothers now have the power that only J. Edgar once had and they are using it to destroy America
Their Themis database will have everything from social networks, employment records, voting records, church membership, information on your spouses and children, probably the names of your pets. 

Emails and mailers targeted just to you. 

Meanwhile, they're also spending $hundreds of millions buying college professors and departments, creating internships, all to brainwash college students.

That last paragraph has no hyperbole or exaggeration. 
Let's keep pretending that private power isn't something to be afraid. Let's just keep pretending the real threat to America is a  relatively accountable, democratically elected government.

Sure ...
The Bircher's are back.
If rich and powerful men are building large spy networks to get things done - doesn't that sound a bit like the stuff posted on /r/conspiracy?

Sounds like fascism to me:

&gt; "Fascism is the merger of corporate and government entities" --Mussolini.

https://youtu.be/Lo4cFViNLes
The Kochs are dangerous.  They are a mortal threat to democracy.
We impeached a president for doing this, but now it's suddenly ok?
[This is my surprised face.](https://d2d9cnk8doncvf.cloudfront.net/content-images/contentimage/19803/AzizAnsari.jpg)
I'm not exactly sure why this is such a big deal.  Opposition research groups have existed since the beginning of modern politics (how do you think things like Romney's infamous 47% comment or otherwise embarrassing internal party memos become public?), and this group doesn't seem to be any different, only that it's more well funded and more organized.
Is there no "liberal" organization doing the same work on "conservative" entities?
This is the sole greatest reason we should oppose government spying. The same people who work for the NSA intelligence gathering operation will move to the more lucrative private sector and use the same tools and resources for private corporations. 
&gt; The Kochs’ allies feel that those forces have worked together for decades with Democratic politicians and government bureaucrats to institutionalize the philosophy that heavy regulation and taxation of business is the only way to ensure an equitable society.

For a glimpse of the type of "equitable society" The Koch bros have in mind look at Brownback's Kansas.

Here's David Koch's platform from when he ran for vice president on the libertarian ticket in 1980. [see anything "equitable" for the working class?](http://www.sanders.senate.gov/koch-brothers)
When you have an essentially conservative outlet like Politico writing negatively about the Kochs you can bet things are at least twice as bad then they are willing to admit.
As if opposition research is suddenly new or sending operatives to opponents events was just suddenly invented?   Really?
&gt;In another instance, sources say, Roman's team set out to identify an IT contractor who was working for one of the network's groups and was posting anonymous messages to Reddit, proclaiming that he worked for the Koch brothers but despised their stances. Within 48 hours, the team had sleuthed out the offender and his contract was terminated.
“They were scared to death of moles,” said the former executive.

Be a fake mole. It'll drive them nuts.
It's like Nixon's enemies list on steroids. 
Opposition research is a standard part of the political process and has been for decades.
Everyone is acting like what the Koch brothers are (have been) doing is a surprise.  This is not something that only the "Right Wing" crazies delve into.  I'm sure that no Democratic administration has ever used the U.S. Intelligence apparatus to get information that could seemingly give them a political advantage over their political rivals.

Because...well..that would just be wrong.

I regular converse with a guy I served with in the Army.  He went on after the Army to finish college and even finished law school.  He was set on entering Politics.  He worked with a Democratic Politician that had been in and around Capitol Hill for more than a decade.  That soured him and he was sure that the Republicans would be different. He worked for a Republican elected official in D.C for a good while.

Soon after that he moved to a desolate area in a Western state and now works as a hunting / fishing guide.  Some of the stories he told me (about both sides of the aisle) assured me that the colors red and blue mean nothing to most in Nation's Capitol - only the color green.

I asked him once, after more than a few drinks, what it would take to fix the system.  After a long pause his answer was sad - and involved something featured in many epic action movies.

Just saying.
So Spectre is more of a documentary than a movie?
Sounds normal to me. I know "progressive" parties/candidates certainly have their own network of operatives for this sort of thing.

Politics is a tough game!

How in the blue fuck is this legal?
Both sides do this sort of thing. It's not specific to the Kochs nor the right.
My university's business college is completely run by them. It's insane to see. 8 out of 10 sources or statistics used to teach courses come from some organization run by them. I've never seen a bias so strong in an intellectual setting. 

I took a class on climate change and the professor had to dance around the reality of it and present evidence, not assert that it's true. But these economics courses are all Kochonomics. 
It seems like many people have never heard of opposition research by private investigators. Also a very bi-partisan endevour. 
Koch: Why didn't our Mormon candidate win in 2012?

Other Koch: Time to build Watergate 2.0
Breaking news! Politicians and their backers spend money digging up dirt on political rivals! In other news, today Julius Caesar announced...
Along similar lines, the NRA's propaganda hypes the idea that any licensing or registration of guns (which could cut down on straw buying and the flow of guns to gangs and drug dealers) would clearly be a resource that would be used by the imaginary shadowy forces who are constantly working to take away all guns.

Of course, the NRA has a massive database that aims to identify everyone in the US who owns a gun so the NRA can recruit them and send them their partisan, political propaganda...
In before someone says...

http://cloudfront.mediamatters.org/static/video/2009/09/21/beck-20090921-consp.jpg


Please just hurry up and die already. 
Obama has a similar operation built from his campaigns in 2008/2012

Just ask Maxine Waters...
This is something that leftist groups have been doing for years. If anything, the right is way behind the curve in using this kind of tactic. 
I'm not a fan of the Koch brothers at all, but this author really is trying hard to paint them in a negative manner.

.

Statements like:

&gt;It is unclear precisely which documents Holden presented to donors (**though similar documents appear to have been published in the weeks before and after his presentation by a handful of media outlets, including POLITICO**) or precisely how the documents were obtained.

Trying to hint at nefarious documents and nefarious means of getting them? You end up saying most likely they were published by your news co, can't you ask where your folks got their documents?


&gt;The regular intelligence briefings from Roman's team, which are sent from an address ending in “amersg.org” to high-ranking network employees, begin with a warning that “This briefing contains information that is confidential and... "

Sorry, but most companies have this as a footer for all emails leaving their corporate network. Guess there is something shady going on there?

.

Focus on the fact of what they are doing that is **different** then what most corporate entities do, if that is what your article is about. Focus on how Super PACS and other privately funded political influence companies are pushing their narrative and trying to change politics.

But don't try to spread FUD in order to pad your article or try to paint someone in a more negative manner.
[deleted]
I dont get it, these guys are old as dirt, about to die. What exactly are they trying to do?

They commissioned their own privately funded study on climate change, it actually published that it was real. So they are completely ignorant. Yet why do old farts about to die, purposefully work against government from doing anything about it.

Are they just spending their final years seeing how much they can just fuck with people?
This is right from the Scientology playbook. 
Same is happening to these assholes, everyone spies on everyone, from ground level local cops to countries to tech company's. Human nature at its finest, lol
You say secret intelligence agency, I hear binders full of women in a locked filing cabinet. 
Who are the Koch brothers' "Liberal opponents"?  I believe Mitt Romney identified this group, a certain "47%", who are due their comeuppance in the zero-sum game the Kochs are playing with America.
the american oligarchy at work
&gt;Since its creation in 2005, the DA, as the club is known, has steered more than $500 million to endorsed groups supporting Democratic politicians and liberal causes like fighting carbon emissions, income inequality and the role of money in politics, while expanding voter access, abortion rights and gay rights.

TIL: Liberals named their Koch-Brother like entity after Dumbledore's Army.
Pure and simple. These guys are muthafukas. 
Sounds so evil.
It's preposterous that those two spoiled mutherfokkers should be allowed to shape anybody's life.
These 2 guys are so much like J. Edgar Hoover I bet they secretly wear dresses.
This is honestly pretty fucking scary
Not scary at all...
Isn't this how Scientology operates and how the Planned Parenthood sting happened?
Enough already.  It's time the federal government stepped in and prosecuted these criminals for violating the Constitutional rights of the American people.  Private citizens have no right to engage in such behavior.
When I think of the Koch brothers, I think of the Springfield Republican Party Headquarters meetings on the Simpsons...
... and then we will rule the world! Bwaha ha ha ha.
It happened before, but back then, 2x Medal of Honor recipient Major General Smedley Butler blew the whistle on them when they tried to use him as a figurehead.  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smedley_Butler#Business_Plot 
I don t know why but pictured Archer 
Poor people need to make their own version of a political NSA/CIA to use strategically to reshape the Koch brothers chances at owning and running the entire country.
I work for Americans for prosperity ama lol
But they're so folksy and they quote John Lennon. How can they be this evil?
Why is there always so much concern over the Koch brothers yet none about George Soros or Michael Bloomberg? All of the uber-wealthy politically involved people do this kind of stuff to push issues that suits their individual agendas, the media simply does not report it.


The Establishment is the Establishment, this whole two party choice EVIL CONSERVATIVES! VS LOVING LIBERALS! thing is bullshit. Both parties suck, both parties have damn near the same goals and end game, the choice between the two is an illusion. Stop looking at *promises* and start looking at the *actions* of both and you will see what I mean.

Throw out the bullshit, the political talk, the promises, the policies, look at how these people vote and what the donors do on both sides of the supposed isle. You have a very hard core of both parties still dedicated to Ideology but they are a small minority.


And with all their money, all their power, all their surveillance, the best they can do is Donald Trump. Fail.
Vote Trump. No Koch money or influence on him. 
Anonymous should look into these guys. 
So now you're basically projecting how the IRS, and several other federal agencies including the Secret Service and the FBI, has been used by the Obama administration on domestic opponents and conservative groups?
MRW someone mentions the Koch brothers or the GOP:  

TRIGGEREDDDDDDD
Surveil this, 🖕, assholes. 
What about the Walton intelligence agency?  They control so much of America it's not funny.
I wonder what it would take for the masses to become so angry they start dragging these elites out into the street for the mob to "handle" them... Looking at you kochs.
Haven't we been doing this since this country was founded. I mean, there've been things like Watergate and everything that were basically the same thing.
We know.  It's called the NSA and it doesn't take as much of a party bias as this article claims
As goes the dinosaur, so goes their agenda. 
Hail Hydra
Don't these guys have enough 'fuck you money' to just shut up and go away?
I find it interesting that Koch intelligence uses that data to create a less intelligent and informed electorate. 
That's kind of cool. In an evil empire sort of way.
Wow this just makes my blood run cold how is this even legal, maybe someone at the CIA or NSA needs to look into this.
In the Texas Legislature, there was a group called the American Phoenix Foundation that was, initially, secretly recording GOP legislators in public both within the Capitol and in popular hangouts. They would record their interactions with lobbyists and other interest groups. However, they would not approach the Tea Party members in the same manner or any of the Republican Senators. Their aim was to find GOP members secretly being moderate or corrupt in some manner. The closest they got was one legislator being a bit drunk and getting in the cameraman's face a bit. They would never reveal who they were working for or where their funding was coming from, but many people suspected it was Empower Texas (Koch lobby group) or other similar groups. Rumor had it that they group struck a deal with the Republican senators so the senators were off limits. The cameramen were pretty creepy and very stalker-ish. While they claim to be about transparency, they refuse to reveal any donors because they fear harassment or threats. 

Here is a link to their website:  http://www.americanphoenixfoundation.org/ 
Isn't this terrorism under the definition from a few years ago of trying to influence political sutautions?
Anyone heard of Permindex?
When are these dumb shits going to die? One is eighty and the other seventy-five.
Political surveillance and intelligence gathering has been conducted by all parties since forever... And yet those corrupt bastards...from all sides...keep getting elected.  Go figure.
Information that can be be used to ask your employers to harass you, your neighbors, your facebook friends and family list., your church leaders, your community organizations, any contact you have that is supporting their ideas, in some communities this will include local government and local law enforcement even as they conduct their anti-Police program from their premier organization.  

http://www.policemisconduct.net/

This is where they are spending all that money for the 2016 election. 



...

Why are you shocked at this. Go rewatch Primary Colors, Stephenopolis was a master at this. Been done by everyone running for office since ever.
I've long said that a Fundme.com project to exile those two fucks from this country would do more for democracy than any single vote in history.
George Soros
So?
 ...as the drumbeat of revolution pulsates, income inequality, opportunity stagnation, spiraling educational costs....     
Class warfare has been declared and waging for over 3 decades now. One side just doesn't know or is willfully ignorant out of embarrassment of admitting that they've been being exploited so badly. 
why are the koch brothers so hellbent on "changing" America? it's working pretty damn well for them currently isn't it...? 
the KIA?
I'm sure when you tell a roomful of sociopaths "They're afraid of us" most of them cream their pants.
Can we give ISIS the koch brothers and any other dynastic fucks that are gumming up our society before we eradicate them???
These guys are fucking dangerous.
Why are they so secretive? What have they got to hide? Why don't they believe their philosophy can stand up to public scrutiny?

&gt;countering massive leftist control of media and academia

Lolwut

&gt;democrats believe in strong regulation and taxation

Lolwut. Every dealer knows you never use your own product, but these people believe their own PR.
will these guys die already?
creepy and wrong
Add one more sentence to the end of that statement and then send this over to /r/writingprompts
They are like the pedophile who is clipping newspapers and magazines, except they are being creepy and a bit stalkerish at a (inter?)national level. 
Maybe I don't know a whole lot about the mob way back when. But, doesn't this sound like the mob?
Notably, the Church of Scientology also places their critics under surveillance.  I think my name just got on 2 lists.
Pretty much what surveillance is about as well. Does anyone really buy that they need all of that mass surveillance machinery just to combat terrorism, instead of putting more into targeted efforts? They want to understand the population and make sure that noone tries to threaten the dominance of capital, and that's all.
The Kochs are gonna die of old age soon. Then the world can get back to normal.

It'll feel like Christmas.
Just want to say that if anything really bad ever happens to those two - plane crash etc - no tears shall be shed by I.
Uhh, What?
So they're the republican George Soros?
I mean can someone just assassinate them already? 
TIL r/politics is one-sided. 
Wow, the democrats would not ever do that.  Especially the alphabet networks or anything like that.



On a more serious note, what have these two guys ever done that has so many people seething with blind hatred towards them.  I cannot believe how such morally sound , better educated than me people just go off of here say and follow their masters propaganda to a T.
Can we just let one of the Koch brothers be our king? I'm tired of pretending that my vote matters... At least shit would get done rather than be stuck in political grid lock. And maybe it won't be so bad. Perhaps one of his heirs will be a good king...
It's called opposition research and anyone who thinks that their guys don't do it too is delusional. 
Must have gotten the idea from the Clintons, who illegally acquired FBI files on 900 Republican politicians.  Obama didn't need to--he has the NSA.

There isn't a damn thing the Kochs have done that hasn't been done more extensively by Obama.
Smearing the Koch brothers is the Kettle calling the pot black - the democrats have *just* as many incredibly rich donors as republicans.

Look at the keystone pipeline, for example - the reason it didn't go through, the *only* reason is because Obama's good ole buddy Warren Buffet invested billions into BNSF, and the pipeline would hurt one of his biggest donors (Buffet).

In fact, before it was even announced to the public that it wasn't going through, a subsidiary of a subsidiary of BNSF bought some 25,000 tank cars from General Electric Co. for $1 billion - but the amount wasnt disclosed until after the presidents announcement. 

Since the announcement there have been over 3 tanker car crashes that have resulted in damage to the environment, not the mention all the crap those trains are spewing out.

Yet somehow, this President of ours can stand up there and tell us not building a pipeline, which would help the economy and most likely result in *less* pollution, is a worse idea than using his donor's method. 

But instead, we sit here and tell at the Koch brothers? Give me a break. 

The only reason they are in the media is because they supported Harry Reid's competition time and time again, and he wouldn't stop bitching about it. It then became a narrative of the Liberal's.
This why I like being a Republican, I can enjoy my life knowing that the Koch brothers have things under control.  The best part will be watching liberals quietly resign because the Kochs suggested it would be best.
It becomes really clear that for democracy to survive in america someone will need to take the burden give up their life for it and become a martyr. Someone will have to assesinate the kochs.
Does Politico hand out tin foil hats, or do you have to buy your own?  Because you're liberal, do you expect someone else to buy your tin foil hat or is there a government program?
Candidate says "I'm the best choice"
Well isn't that every candidate's claim in any race?
Of course he would say that.  If he wants to win an election he is not going to say his competitor has a better chance of winning the election and is better on issues.  That would be political suicide.

I like the Bern, and will vote for him, but this is a non-story.
The problem I see, and I'm a Sanders supporter, is that Sanders' message is a little complex and not soundbite-y enough for many voters. His policy proposals are fucking amazing, once you look at the economic underpinnings, but that's effort many general election voters won't put in.
Can you hear that sound? It's the Clinton electability argument backfiring. I don't know why we're supposed to be relying on her ability to win the Presidency when [Americans are more likely to dislike her than like her](http://elections.huffingtonpost.com/pollster/hillary-clinton-favorable-rating).

Edit: Note that this isn't a shot against Clinton. She's working for the right things. I never understood the electability argument, though.
Who is this Bernie Sanders fella? Is he any good?
The discussion of Republicans and Secretary Clinton is an interesting one. 

On one hand, one could argue that Republicans have been spending YEARS training and preparing themselves for a Clinton campaign/presidency, so if Clinton were to win the nomination, she'd have a hard time being elected because the Republicans have been ready to fight for a long time. 

On the other hand, one could argue that Clinton has gained plenty of experience fighting against Republicans so that in the general election, their campaign against her would be easier to fight vs Sanders who if he became the nomination would be newly up against a presidental election campaign against him. 
This is news how? Has this subreddit really become a free PAC for Sanders?
Can you guys imagine if there were a Sanders-Trump general? These guys are so far apart their debates would have to take place with the candidates in different states.
This whole thread is like a couple of 5 year old kids fighting.
I'm voting for him.
How is this even a headline? "Presidential candidate believes that they should be President"
In this thread, just plain naivety. I'm sorry. Being a fan for your guy is one thing. Going against objective reality is quite another. 
cut and paste of NPR's best comment (which I agree with)

 Krausewitz • 14 hours ago
The article is crazy. "Sanders still sees a path to the presidency"....of course he does! We are still three months out from Iowa! Does even NPR want a coronation rather than an election? Does Ron Elving not remember how hopeless Obama's candidacy looked at this point eight years ago?

Right now Bernie is beating pretty much every milestone Obama set in his first presidential run. He has raised more money, faster, from more people that Obama did. He is higher in the polls and more competitive at this stage than Obama was. You could even argue that Hillary was a stronger candidate in 2008 than she is today.

This race, quite literally, has not even begun yet. If after Iowa and New Hampshire things have not changed then it might be time to start thinking about giving up....but not now before the voting has even started!

[deleted]
Being male and not shoving gun control rhetoric down everyone's throats may give him a pretty big advantage. His perceived honesty and shit may help too.

Hard to tell what issues will be important when it comes to the general election, though. 
I think Sanders' principled approach to making this a clean campaign race is finally starting to resonate with the media. He's trained them that it's a wasteful endeavor to ask questions that lead to attacking Clinton, or other opponents. They're finally starting to ask questions about distinction between their ideals and backgrounds. Regardless of the outcome of the race, this is the sort of precedence I hope carries on to future political battles. 
Bernie said something? Quick, let's get it right to the front page!
Endorsements have always been the best indicator of how a candidate will do in pramiaries. Clinton has 143 from governors, senators, and HOR members. Bernie? Well, 2. The Democratic Party doesn't have faith in him and the recent Quinnipac polls show that he would do worse than Hillary against every single candidate the GOP has to offer
Hillary isn't likable, especially in swing states, and no one can believe anything she says because of her flip-flopping record and ties to big business. Most importantly, she's leftover material from a generation of politics that has run its course. There is an incredible amount of desperation and anger among US citizens; they want a mover and a shaker, not some dated oligarch that promises not to rock the boat. 
The right wing sure does hate Hillary, Sanders on the other hand is a little less anti gun, and he appeals to allot of millennials because of his plan to make college free and fix the student loan issues that are going on. I actually even have a vet friend who supported both Trump and Sanders. At a certain point he decided that Sanders was his candidate of choice.
As a yellow dog Democrat I will be voting in the general election for whomever wins the nomination.   
ITT: People who cant understand how someone can disagree with them in /r/politics.
Wow, absolutely none of the other candidates would ever claim to be their party's best bet on issues,  and most electable.

That certainly allows Sanders to further standout against all other candidates, ever.

While I'm pleased to see the youth of America excited by participating in the democratic process,  I am tired of the breathlessness of the posts of every mundane Bernie Sanders outgas we see on Reddit.  Its to the point where I for one will be happy when the BS circus finally breathes its last.
Oh wow! A president candidate claiming they are the best option!? Sure Sanders is great and all but... Who the fuck up votes this?
Who is doing better polling in the battle ground states? That's all it comes down too. Where are the new faces of the Democratic party?
Sanders says the McRib is delicious.

Ten thousand up votes and front page of Reddit.
Sander's is correct on this issue.  His policy positions are far superior to the rest of the Presidential candidate field in both camps.
He is.  I refuse to vote for Hillary.  Will vote republican even if Carson is the nominee.  I absolutely hate Hillary.
Bernie Sanders also wants you to know he's a cool dude, and a hit with the ladies.
The GOP has not and will not attack Sanders unless he wins the nomination. They are praying for that.

The Overwhelming majority of the American public has been made to fear even the mention of socialism.

Sanders would not have a chance in a general election because most of the older "swing" voters would never vote for a socialist no matter what he promises.

If by some chance he did win the general election the "progressives" and the youth would not turn out for the congressional midterms and leave him in an untenable position.......just like they did to Obama.

Most people don't realize how government really works.
Yeah. He has no shot in hell
His stance on GMO's kills it for me as a liberal who's primary concern is science and science literacy. I wish his position on that issue matched his position on climate change, that being that the he's on the side of the vast majority of scientists. I'd love to vote for him, but just can't. 
Wow Trump is a cocky asshole.  Good thing Bernie has confidence what a suitable candidate! 
Bernie Sanders: "I am Bernie Sanders". 8,942 points (98% upvoted)
Looking at the rest of the field I'd say he's America's best bet.  
According to the polls, he's corect.
I love Bernie, but he is not the best on anything. Evolution not Revolution.
Well then I guess that makes it true.
Good luck with that.  Reddit is an echo chamber.  Socialist is still a dirty word to the 'moderate' voters of America.
As a Bernie supporter, stop. Please.
If Sanders and Hillary are the only choice....we are screwed....Trump seems the better choice.
I'm glad for this guy that he agrees with his own opinions.
Sanders has my vote.
Who gives a damn what Sanders says. I say he looks like the crazy old man on the left side of the balcony on The Muppet Show.

He'll be out by March I'll be back then with popcorn.
The worst part is I have friends that lean right, friends in the middle, and friends that lean left. Most of my left leaning friends (if not all) support Senator Sanders. Many of my mid-line friends Support him as well. I have right leaning friends that hate Trump and Carson. They say they want a candidate with integrity. One that tells the truth. One that sticks to their word. One that cares about America. I tell them Senator Sanders is all of these things and get in response, "No, he is a Communist. He will run this country into the ground. How will he pay for all of his big plans?" When i explain that he isn't a Communist and show them how he plans to achieve his goals, they say that it is all lies. It is amazing how many adults in this country refuse to research or read. 
All I know is that if Hillary is the Democratic nominee, I'm voting for whoever is the GOP candidate, because it'll be time to run the country into the ground.
I love the Sanders circlejerk... Reddit won't bother to vote for him lol.
Is Sanders electable?

Carson stabbed a guy and wants to hand out guns to everybody.
Trump calls out Mexicans and women on TV with no shits given.
But Bernie backed down to those two women in Seattle.

I don't think he stands a chance in this political climate.
So maybe he can get around to actually registering as a Democrat?
"I'm a great choice for America, and completely electable." - every fucking candidate 
Of course he thinks he's electable. How is this even a fucking story
I will vote Republican if Hillary is the nomination.  Progressive here and I won't vote for a union buster Democrat.  She's horrible for labor and there is no difference with her and Republicans on job security.  She'll offshore your job just as fast as Jeb would.
I would like him to talk a little bit less about how he was first on some issues and a little bit more about the meaningful current policy differences between him and Hillary. There's plenty to talk about, from Hillary's unwillingness to apply strict regulation to the financial industry to Bernie's position on drug policy, without dwelling on who was first on popular issues.
It's almost like he's running in the Democratic primary.
Hillary is polling at 53% to his 30. From a winning an election standpoint he is doing okay but I wouldn't say their best bet. 
He's wrong. I like Bernie, but he's unelectable.
Don't people know this guy is a socialist, why would anybody want him as the US leader? 
I'll pass on having a commie in the white house thank you.
He's Russia's best bet for taking over more of Eastern Europe, and Iran's best bet for obtaining nuclear weapons.
Take a nap you old fuck.
Hillary is the big donor's candidate and Bernie is the people's candidate.
If only he was younger and sexier. And sadly, that's a reality.
Well, I'm not voting for Hillary.  Period.

I know what she stands for.  Obama fooled me good, Hillary won't

I'll throw my vote away before I vote for that scumbag.

I'll write in Dennis Kucinich before I vote for Hillary.
If Sanders was politically savvy, then he would know that Hillary has been promised the nomination for about a decade now.  It's already been decided by the DNC that it's her turn.  He's wasting his time.
And he's also actually a Democrat. 

Unlike Clinton. Who's so RW "stealth Republican" somehow doesn't do it justice. "Bloodthirsty, warmongering,  imperialist fascist" might be a more accurate label for her.


I'm shocked that he'd say something like that.
Does Sanders attract more people than Clinton repels? I think so. Simple math.
I've voted democrat since I could vote, I will vote republican if hill-dog is running. I do not trust that woman.
Sanders is pretty lame isn't he.
Nah we don't need a socialist.
he's a fucking communist.
No kidding? Is *that* why he's running for president?

Seriously, what else would you expect him to say?
[deleted]
Kim Davis is losing to the leader of isis...
Sanders supporters brigade another poll.

News at eleven.
Hitler was Time Magazines man of the year in 1938.
It's putin. It can't be anybody else.
Bernie Sanders is ahead of a girl who is championing the rights of women to be educated, even aftering being shot for having done so; the most progressive Pope in living memory; the fucking President; and Elon "I'm going to put humans on Mars, so they'll probably rename Tharsis after me" Musk. Really? Bernie Sanders has earned that level of admiration? 
Just please don't let it be Donald Trump. 
I like how him and his brigade are voting Bernie up, but the young woman Malala is the youngest Nobel laureate trying to educate millions of women globally, despite constant death threats, and she'll be left in the dust. She's much more deserving imo.
So he's becoming person of the year for not actually having done anything?

Feels a bit like Obama's Nobel Peace Price... 
So.  In the poll that doesn't affect the choice of Person of the Year, Sanders is winning.

Nice to see him ahead in something.  Good news must be getting pretty hard to come by over at the Sanders campaign.

- Bernie!  You're ahead in the polls!
- For president?
- pause....nervous laughter....um, no.  We couldn't make that happen.  But we got you to the front of the poll for Man of the Year!
- I'm going to be Time's Man of the Year?
-Well.............no.  The voting doesn't count at all.



- Oh.  Well post something with a vague title and maybe people will think we are doing well.
Big deal I was the Time Person of the Year in 2006.  Then I won it again in 2011.   
Realistically, I think Assad is actually the leader. If Time is actually giving this poll any consideration, they're not looking for who gets the most yes votes, they're looking for who gets the strongest consensus *either way.* Because the "person of the year" has never been about popularity, but people who are tied to big events in the world and generate strong opinions. Assad is like 95% no right now, which I'm pretty sure puts him as the strongest consensus opinion. 
Might as well give him a Nobel Peace Prize while we're at it.  
Chiang Kai-shek, Joseph Stalin, Hitler, Nixon, Kissinger, Newt Gingrich, George Bush, and Ben Bernanke also got it. 

I don't know if it's that big of an accomplishment.
Good for him, at least he'll win something. 
Oh boy, the list is just full of awesome and deserving people. I love how Kim Davis is in the same consideration as Malala Yousafzai. Why stop there? J.J. Abrams, Caitlyn Jenner, every Presidential nominee, and holy shit, a god damn horse named American Pharaoh (cultural appropriation! (/s)).  

What a fine list.
Trump has done more to change the face of politics.

[deleted]
Bernie Sanders won an Internet popularity contest. Because of this, I will now vote for him. /s
These Bernie brigadiers are a fucking disgrace 
Why? What has he done this year?
ITT: republicans mad they don't have a suitable candidate.  
Kaitlin Jenner will me man if the year, no question (even though she was a man for only half the year)
Honestly, Bernie at #1 is a bit of a stretch, but Malala at #2 is a joke too. Putin, Modi, or Xi Jinping would be my top 3. These people have had significant influence in the world.
Having the Time article on the front page wasn't enough, we need another article talking about the Time article.
Why? He's running for president. There are plenty of other people who deserve it
That will matter as much as the time Christopher Poole won.
Pope Francis is more deserving imo
TBH Malala deserves it.
This is the only election he can actually win.
For the love of God...
I want American Pharoah to win. He was fast.
#VinceSly2015 make it happen!
No surprise, Bernie is starting a revolution.

His speech solidified the presidency. How can you watch that and not be brought to edge of tears?
ITT: salty anti-sanders people in denial
For what? Losing?

He didnt even bring media Attention to the Primary race, Trump did.
And most word-of-mouth conversations I've had with people in their 20's-40's.
This Person of the Year thing is on a global scale or a national scale? On a national scale it makes sense.
If history is any indication, these polls means absolutely nothing. Remember Ran paul?
r/politics  has just become a Bernie Sanders circle jerk.  We get it. Y'all like Sanders.
No 
I still don't think sanders is going to be the choice for the democratic nomination. It will be interesting to see how it plays out.
[deleted]
Just look at neutral polls and he's ahead or polls where more than twice as many votes as Malala Yousafzai.
Maybe when its done the political intelligencia will stop this charade that the internet is an accurate representation of the rest of the population.
Here's who my bookie thinks.

* The Migrant/Refugee - $2.50
* Alexis Tsipras - $6
* Barack Obama - $9
* Elon Musk - $10
* Putin - $17
* Pope Francis - $19
* Malala Yousafzai - $21

I have already backed Sander at $51, he's still $51.
I bet on Musk when he was $17, he's now come into $10.

like the nobel peace prize, it's award that doesn't really mean much anymore.
Great, if he gets elected will he get the Noble Peace Prize immediately too? There's already unwarranted precedent for that.
Probanly the most upvoted person on Reddit too
right behind moot and semeny feces.  Surely he'll be president now!
Well, I don't care how many votes as Malala Yousafzai.
*Top polling. Time can pick whoever they want. It's just a reader poll. 
Good to hear it
 i can see the attraction to him, but...why? what has he done this year to be so great?  Why THIS year?  What makes him so special?
Wasnt it Kim Jung last year.  This shit is voted on by random people and means nothing.  
Person of the year should not be someone who had his own rally taken over by a couple of queenz and did nothing to stop them.

Much less president.
I thought clock boy was in the lead. What a joke.
so was hitler. coincidence?
Stalin, another communist, also got it.
I had no idea federal prisions didnt have parole
The bigger thing in my opinion would be to make it so that non-violent, non-theft, and non-fraud convictions come off your record after a period of time as long as you don't reoffend.

It has to be easier for people that try to do the right thing and change their lives to find meaningful employment to support themselves.
Wait..wtf...we don't have a federal parole? That's a big TIL.
It's not a hard equation, the only reason it has been obfuscated is the Prison Industrial Complex needs it to keep going. Lemme break it down for you:

Convict goes to prison for x years. When released, ex-con now has to mark "yes" for that prison question that pops up on every job application form and explain the gap in resume. Ex-con now has to work at low paying and low morale jobs, while ex-con's illegitimately successful friends are enticing to come back to "the life". Since ex-con is now "marked" for the remainder of days, why the hell not? [Hence the 51% recidivism rate.](http://www.bjs.gov/content/reentry/recidivism.cfm)
I'm wondering how this is different than what's done now. You get out early for good time, have a probationary period, and than full release.
While parole reduces the amount of time served for an initial sentence, it also vastly increased the likelihood of being sent back to jail. In states that have parole, the vast majority of ex-cons returning to prison are sent back not for new crimes, but for technical parole violations. 

[For example](https://www.themarshallproject.org/2014/12/04/the-misleading-math-of-recidivism#.7tR7TVq36):

&gt;Most of the returns to prison in New York — 78 percent — were triggered not by fresh offenses but by parole violations, such as failing drug tests or skipped meetings with parole officers.

That's why one justice reform advocate said of Sanders' plan:

&gt;But Friedmann says the final draft of the bill also reveals Sanders’s inexperience on criminal justice, and his haste to right himself on the subject. “It appears to be more for political purposes than to actually address the many problems in our criminal justice system,” says Friedmann. “The bill only suggests—with no enforcement mechanism—that states abolish private prisons. **It [also] shows a lack of understanding about the parole system, which many now see as a way of ‘catching’ ex-offenders on technical violations, rather than helping them re-enter society.**”

http://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2015/10/bernie-sanders-doesnt-like-talking-about-criminal-justice/408358/
It is purely evil that there isn't parole.  

It's just another backwards, stupid, fucking evil "tough on crime" policy that creates career criminals, destroys families, and worsens poverty.
Fox News Spin:

"After taking away your guns and killing every 3rd puppy he can get his hands on, Bernie 'Lenin' Sanders will release all child rapists, serial killers, pimps and narcotics dealers to wreak havoc on Real America"
Why all the hate?  All but the most violent convicts will be released anyway when their sentences are served. This is about sentence lengths and parole periods, not some mass pardon.  
Wait you guys don't have parole? ??
Sounds good, I hope there are jobs for them.
Federal prisoners are far and away the least deserving of parole. 

White collar-criminals.
Yes, but the lobbying by the for-profit prison system would be strong, and would make any change in legislation very difficult. 
But the private prisons will lose money; we cannot have that. /s
... but how else will states get their nearly free slave labor?
As long as they're not bankers or wall street types that are paroled...

Oh wait... those never go to jail.

Never mind.
I've got no sympathy for criminals unless somehow they are innocent.
They took a calculated risk knowing the consequences and lost.
Eh this is the first thing I really disagree with from Bernie. 
A new charge means you go back in to serve the rest of their insurance company, so I can't blame them - but still.
*would be YOOJ
Uh, something like this may cost him dearly I think. Not that it's wrong, it just doesn't sit well with people to tell them that prisoners should be "released", even if it's just parole. At least I think that might be the case.
Lock more politicians up. Problem solved! 
Is there any corrilation between incarceration rates and unemployment? 
I've always leaned toward the Conservative side of things, but more and more I don't really think they're as 'small government' as they claim to be. I've been reading a little more about Sanders lately since he's been rising so much in the polls and I'm really not seeing evidence of the whole "He's a Communist!" label my parents are giving him. Maybe I'm wrong. But everything I've seen of him so far seems to say that he wants a smaller, more efficient government, which is why I've always been a Republican in the first place. I guess I'm getting a little confused about it all.
This IS huge, thanks salon. Suddenly I am very passionate about this issue. 
Why does this have 217 upvotes right now? Are people actually passionate about federal parole? This isn't an answer to fixing our prison system, but it has the words Sanders and Prison so people upvote? When Hillary received a 600,000 member Union endorsement 2 weeks ago the post only had 1/4 as much attention. This is a non story, and Bernie himself would probably say "you guys, it really isn't that noteworthy."
Did he forget about Willie Horton?
Okay, but you got to make jobs for them too. Trickle down economics produces fewer jobs per capita in the US than almost any other developed country.
The amount of love reddit has for criminals is mind boggling.
What if people took the responsibility to not commit crimes?

What if there wasn't a parole or an overcrowded prison problem due to the fact that people made better decisions?
Wow- what a great idea!  

Such a good idea... that after a lifetime in the Senate he NEVER proposed it until he found himself running for higher office. 

Never trust a candidate's campaign pledge which doesn't have any evidence of historical action... it's just Obama promising to close Gitmo.  

If Bernie cared about federal parole or private prisons (and both are serious issues) he would have proposed reform LONG before he decided he wanted to be POTUS.  He's been in the Senate since Reagan. 
[deleted]
Great idea Mr. Sanders lets get violent criminals back on our streets!
The bman has so many ideas. I wonder where he came up with this one? Oh Ya there it is.

Jail survey: 7 in 10 felons register as Democrats
http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/jail-survey-nearly-34-felons-register-as-democrats/article/2541412.
Any way to get more democrat voters!  Illegal aliens and criminals - quite a coalition.
/Sarcasm But then what would all the for-profit prisons do?
Just what we need more criminals back on the streets.
another brilliant idea from the old socialist.  let all the proven criminals out of jail!  I guess to a lib the default opinion is  ..they shouldn't even be there, victims of 'the man'
Bernie also wants the second amendment gone right? So take away peoples arms and free felons, what could possibly go wrong?
NOW I'm convinced Bernie is a nutjob.
You're the one setting up tiered standards where some should have a bit more freedom, stay outside longer etc... if you ever wonder why some people prefer to be discriminated against?
Bernie sanders once looked at me and I've been finger blasting myself for years over it. 
OK Bernie, once again we ask who will pay for this? Let me guess...the 1% again. 
Wait, why does Bernie want to turn Federal criminals loose in the first place?
*knock, knock*

Excuse me reddit, do you have a moment to talk about our Lord and Savior, [Bernie Sanders?](http://www.jw.org/en/jehovahs-witnesses/faq/)

So Bernie Sanders wants to release violent federal prisoners and then let them vote?  Awesome plan Bernie!
NO repercussions for breaking the law. Success! 
Do people seem to forget that these people are criminals? They should know the consequences before they do something stupid.  If you don't want to have anything on your record.. don't commit a felon.  IT SIMPLE PEOPLE!! Why do you guys always stand up for criminals?!? They had a choice before they messed their life up! 
Ah. Of course he wants to spend money. 
Their is no amount of laws that would allow me to where any of the lowest unemployment in the US vs 10% in the US vs 10% in the medical profession.
They would also become registered democrat voters. 
Its really hard to understand why people believe in Salon.com. Oh yeah...its about Bernie! 

Its [circle jerk off](http://i.imgur.com/2Spz3xI.gif) time! 
Nothing says "vote for me" more then the promise to release thousands felons onto the streets. ROLFLMO!

TRUMP 2016!
It would be hwat? What was that word?
More nonsense from Cruz in which he doesn't tell anybody what his ideas are with plans behind them and instead falls back on distractions that far too many people buy into.
Cruz and Trump appear to be having a contest about who can get the most horseshit out of their mouths. 
&gt; Newman wrote in his 2003 book that “the United States government has abrogated its responsibility to properly deal with the blood-guilty. This responsibility rightly involves executing convicted murderers, including abortionists, for their crimes in order to expunge bloodguilt from the land and people.” (Last week, presidential candidate and Senator Ted Cruz accepted Newman’s endorsement.) 

[Link](http://www.msnbc.com/msnbc/abortion-opponents-defense-colorado-planned-parenthood-shooting)


Then there are those that don't approve of violence **but**.....


&gt;“After all these years and millions of babies that have gone to their death, violence is to be anticipated,” said Judie Brown, president of American Life League, in a phone interview with MSNBC. “Because it’s acceptable to violently kill a baby, so why isn’t it acceptable to violently kill other people?”
I want to see one of the Republican candidates asked:

&gt; You believe that abortion is murder.  Under [Colorado law](http://www.leg.state.co.us/clics/clics2012a/commsumm.nsf/b4a3962433b52fa787256e5f00670a71/5c1c32f60627d69287257998007abda8/$FILE/HseJud0202AttachM.pdf), deadly physical force may be used if a person has reasonable grounds to believe, and does believe, that another person is in imminent danger of being murdered. 
&gt; 
&gt; Do you believe the shooter was justified in protecting innocent babies from being murdered?  Why or why not?  

&gt;If abortion were illegal, would you believe the shooter was justified?


&gt; "“Here’s the simple and undeniable fact: the overwhelming majority of violent criminals are Democrats.”

i wonder if he can produce documentation regarding this? i can't think of a single news story about violence, where the reporter mentions the person's political views - unless the person's violence is due to their views. are there any actual studies showing this? if so, is it a correlation or a causation?
A well-documented perpetual lying Dominionist, Fundamentalist, Southern Baptist politician; how  can you get more of an eternal damnation conflict of interests and hypocrisy that is whitewashed by his Evangelical followers?  It truly is hilarious.  I have more respect for secular lying politicians than the Fundamentalists, at least they're consistent.
There was a movie in the early 1990's called Bob Roberts. It starred Tim Robbins as a politician who had absolutely no scruples.  It was a satire.    
  
At one point, he stages an assassination attempt against himself and then ends up in a wheelchair.  The last scene is of him tapping his foot so we can know that he faked the whole thing.  
  
I thought it was ridiculous 23 years ago.  Then came Ted Cruz.    
  
Cruz is actually worse than Trump in his mendacity because he's smart enough and well educated enough to know better.  He actually knows he's lying where Trump believes everything he says even if he never believed it before he said it.  
  
Cruz is craven.  
  
Watch the movie, then live the nightmare  
  
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0103850/
According to the source the article cites, the dude who endorsed Cruz said abortion should be illegal and that (once it's illegal) those who perform it should be tried as murderers and executed for their crimes.

Sure, it's an extreme position you probably disagree with, but it's not exactly the same thing as advocating for random shootings. I give it three pinocchios. 
It's different if the violence is a byproduct of religious liberty. 
I don't think I've met one either.

pls send me money
Do any of the republicans running have any ties to reality at all
I endorse Ted Cruz.

There. Now he has an ex-con's endorsement. Easy, right?
Ted Cruz's anus is where his belly button is. 
   The lies by Cruz continue.   Is he in a race with other wannabees to see who can tell the most lies?  http://www.rightwingwatch.org/content/cruz-laughs-condom-police-ignores-his-own-anti-contraception-policies 
Scott Roeder, you lying SOB.
Serious question, what does a supporter have to do with the candidate?  It doesn't mean they share the same extremist views. Or that they have personally met. ( if there is a back story I am not aware of it.) 
Devils Advocate:

News Flash - you don't have to meet anyone to have them endorse you.
Meeting one and being endorsed by one are two different things.  
Pro-death penalty anti-abortionists?
Go to any of the stories about the shooting/stand-off on fox news, and all you see is people deflecting for this terrorist or, worse, defending him. It's apalling.
“Doublethink means the power of holding two contradictory beliefs in one's mind simultaneously, and accepting both of them.”
― George Orwell, 1984 
I've never read a Ted Cruz quote that didn't make me want to punch his smarmy, douchebag face.
One of the most contemptible, bigoted, lying politicians that the US has ever produced. In the same league as Joe McCarthy, Lester Maddox and Boss Tweed. 
Isn't the first time Teddy is lying through his teeth, won't be the last. 
all hail y'all qaeda and it's prophet, ted cruz.
As a Texan, Ted Cruz makes me ashamed to admit that I'm Texan. That is all.
Another day, another slew of GOP lies...
I've never met an Amazonian Indian but I'm sure there are tens of thousands of them.
You don't have to meet someone for them to endorse you.
Pro-choice laws are an expansion of freedom, allowing someone the freedom to take the law and pointed out that the holocaust and slavery and apartheid all have in common the taking away freedom of choice of someone else to murder them.
It depends on what your definition of "advocate" is.
jesus that sub is just a joke isn´t it?
Well..I mean, have they ever MET though?
**Textbook psychological projection**
An abortion opponent that supports death for abortion doctors... and adulterers... and gays...

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8o5euyIaEg8
He is a politician of course he will lie.
Can we all just admit that every single republican candidate just lies about everything all the time?  Blatant, unapologetic, followed up with no recourse even after being called out in public to which they usually just double down.
  
It's astounding that they are sitting on a stage pandering for votes THAT THEY ARE ACTUALLY GETTING.
  
*repeatedly bashes skull into brick wall.*
Another Cruzism.

http://quotefail.com/sites/default/files/styles/large_quote/public/ted_cruz_business_turn_away_gay_people.jpg?itok=W4
Can I ask how the fuck it matters if you have or have not met one personally? 

Has he met a member of ISIS? 

Probably not right? 

does that matter? 
Yes, because you have control over who endorses you. 90% of all murders since 2008 in the U.S. was by Obama supporters, I can't belive this piece of shit allowed this! 
I agree with just about everything in the article, except the "peaceful" BlackLivesMatters protests, which is not really true. Sure they aren't out killing people, but invading a Dartmouth library and physically and verbally harassing white students studying is NOT peaceful. Their main tactics for progressing their movement for us is censorship and bullying in general, and the entire movement suffers from "if you aren't with us, you're against us" syndrome.
&gt;Troy Newman ... has written that the entire country is “blood-guilty” for its failure to kill “abortionists” 

Is anyone else bothered by the placement of quotations here? If he actually encouraged violence, why isn't quoted directly? Where's the source?
Because *everybody* confesses their desire to commit violence to their local senator... That was sarcasm folks. He knows loads of people who are of the "burn the witches" mentality. 
Thanks for reminding me why I never visit this subreddit, /r/politics. Bunch of autistic children.
Ted Cruz - meet Ted Cruz.

http://thinkprogress.org/politics/2015/11/30/3726326/before-shooting-cruz-touted-endorsement-from-activist-who-called-for-execution-of-abortion-doctors/
What about those abortion clinic  attacks in the 90s that left people dead Mr. Cruz?
When the facts rear their ugly head, LIE HARDER!
Ted Cruz is a dirty liar. 
Well, yes, he's a liar you see.
Yet another documented lie from the head liar of the clown car.
All the GOP candidates disgust me.
May a thousand hornets sting his private parts. 
Cruz is smart, and knows exactly what he reasonably believes to be murder, none of the republicans running have any ties to reality at all that it's murder and the death toll is so massive that surely couldn't have been paying enough attention.
How can you paint an entire political party as having more potential for violence and still be taken seriously?  How do these people get air time when they're so blatantly stupid?
Ted Cruz recieved an endorsement from Troy Newman the President of Operation Rescue (one of the most prominent pro-life Christian activist organizations in the nation)

The shooter was part of that group but the shooter did not endorse Ted Cruz, and Ted Cruz had nothing to do with the shooter. 

Ted Cruz is still a crappy person, but this is sensationalized.
Is he responsible for who endorses him?
He's not told the truth yet, so why start now?
More brilliance from the Canadian born Mexican who thinks he is eligible to hold the office of the presidency of the United States. 
on the other hand, every abortion proponent advocates violence.
You can be endorsed by people you have never met.  Really bad title.
Right, because those are the same things... ಠ_ಠ

you guys are starting to look desperate.

lmao.

Let me pull out some of the ridiculous, racist, hateful things Obama endorsers have said and watch all you fucks circle the wagons around the dear leader.
Man if I was a candidate I would take shit as far as I could take them just to see what sticks. I would bring ancient aliens and flat earth into the mix. I would call all other candidates pussies at the debates and challenge Ben Carson to a naked knife fight on stage. 
It's not a lie if you believe it.  Cruz probably does not believe that it counts as violence if the person being harmed has anything to do with abortion.
Cruz reverts to nonsense mode when his foolish ideology is threatened.
I don't agree with cruz on abortion but I would vote for him because of his economic plans.
Then he's just not paying attention to his supporters. Why vote for a naive candidate or a liar either way his bs does not equate to a strong leader. 
I am downvoting all Ted Cruz articles. Please join me. Why are we giving this jackass exposure on Reddit? Send him to Reddit oblivion where he belongs. I don't have time to entertain his ignorance, and I don't need his sort of crap entering my mind. It is nothing but a valueless distraction. 
Fuck capitalized titles like this. seriously.
Quit posting shit about Cruz on reddit. I swear it's like every other story is about Cruz. Did you ever think he might just be saying stupid shit for free publicity? 
Trump has shown Republicans they can lie, about anything, and get away with it
All these religions oppose Abortion 

**Islam**                                                                                      
**Buddhism**                                                                                                     
**Christianity**                                                                                                                
**Judaism**                                                                                                                                        
**Hinduism**                                                                                                                          
**Sikhism**                                                                  

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Religion_and_abortion
TLDR; More Think Progress Spam
I saw some state rep on TV years ago exclaim with that way demagogues have of modeling for their thralls that there was no evidence an innocent had ever been killed by the death penalty.

I've never met one either. I've seen many online though. 
What about pro life people also for the death penalty?
Space Balls 3: Space Balls come to America
And Cruz is still lying.
Can anyone give me 5 quotes from Cruz that are both truthfull and accurate?
Which is why we allow sharia law in the absence of a clear and imminent event.
And more shit spewing from the Cruz machine.
Well, Cruz has proven himself again and again to be a lying piece of shit, so I wouldn't give much credence to what he says..
There's plenty of [hypocrisy](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/pigs-in-a-blanket-chant-at-minnesota-fair-riles-police/) to go around.
Why are we still paying attention to this guy? How this guy got elected into office?
"It has never occurred to me as a candidate to figure out a way to deny the vote to people because they might vote against me. People who do that are political cowards. They're afraid of a fair election."- Bernie Sanders 

Christie, we need republicans in control of the voting mechanisms. I guess this is what a party needs to devolve to, if they cannot win on ideas. 
https://youtu.be/il-2OQ4T2LM?t=9s
Bernie Sanders just talked about the importance of people automatically being registered to vote at the age of 18. Regardless of whether or not you support Bernie Sanders politically, you have to admit that he is responsible for illuminating the atrocities in GOP politics in a way we haven't seen before. I'm interested to see if he calls out Christie by name.
Oregon is really pretty awesome.  My voter registration moved when I did my change of address and I get to mail in my ballot.
Seriously, though, Republicans can't win unless they rig the democratic process. Their policies are unpopular and their party is even more so. Gerrymandering is all that keeps them from slipping into irrelevance.
&gt;“I don’t want to expand it and increase the opportunities for fraud.”

And by "fraud" I mean "voting."
Christie is back to being a scumbag and all is right in the world.
I'm attempting to understand the conservative logical reasoning behind this and other attempts to make voting more restrictive. Is their argument about trying to prevent voter fraud? Is voter fraud such an extremely prevalent issue that needs to be addressed?

Somebody please find me some data that shows that voter fraud is a serious problem, potentially undermining our democratic process, and I might tend to agree that we need more checks in place. However, I'm inclined to believe this "argument" is entirely bullshit, masquerading as an excuse to selectively disenfranchise liberal voters. 
I remember when I turned 18, I got a small postcard looking mail, stating that I've been automatically enrolled into the drafting system.  They should use the same system to automatically register you to vote.  
Too bad he's so afraid of the general electorate that he has to deny people's right now to vote. But, that tends to be a republican attribute.
Ah yes, the American right, voting rights are negotiable, gun rights aren't.
Republicans are opposed to democracy.
Not like it matters, this fat lard will just roll his agenda out onto the only bridge in or out of the city and prevent you from voting 
Stay classy Chris
What a dick
'Murica
The GOP knows that the U.S.'s demographics present an existential threat. Soon their core voters will not be enough to win in many states. They have decided that they will counteract the demographic shifts by trying to prevent traditional democratic voters from voting.

The solutions is a Constitutional amendment. Everyone over 18 is automatically registered to vote; make election day a national holiday. 
I read this and immediate thought of the "I'm an Asshole" song by Dennis Leary. Wonder the connection....
This is the only option they have of retaining what little edge they have left. 

The Tea Party and Religious Right have given them no other choice because they have made it impossible for most moderate Republicans to get anything done in Congress (much less win their own primaries sometimes).

But the demographics continue to shift so that the day is coming very soon when even the out of control gerrymandering will not keep them in power. Every time a new large development expands "bedroom" communities further out into formerly rural areas or Latinos transition from agriculture jobs to stationary ones that move then into the middle class, more &amp; more GOP districts fall. 

We are very likely entering a period for at least a generation when the Democratic Party will essentially become the ONLY political party on the national level. Only the most extreme Right Wing candidates will win too many primaries and their "no-compromise!" mandate will paralyze the GOP for maybe decades. 

And it won't be good for the United States, but that's the bed the GOP has made that we will have to sleep in now. 
I'm definitely for automatic voter registration, but can someone ELI5 for me why this is such an issue in the US? Here in Canada we also have to manually register to vote when we turn 18 and we just... do it?  We had 70% turnout at our most recent election.
Vote for Chris Christie Quimby. If you were running, he'd vote for you. 
Just being sarcastic 
Come on guys, Christie wants to stay Governer after he drops out of the race.
He just wants back on the main debate stage, is all.
It's crazy that 4 years ago republicans were begging him to run. Now he has no chance. 
Wow, it's like a room full of Dick Chaney. 
Someone probably told him that voting was public transportation. HEYOOOOOOOO
Duh, he is a Republican and it is 2015.  
Republicans desperately try to make something of voter fraud, but it doesn't make sense.

Democrats can't get people to vote at all, let alone getting them to participate in voter fraud.  No one cares enough to vote, why would they engage in voter fraud?
I think I figured it out!

We are in Soviet Russia where Politicians choose the voters.

( via gerrymandering laws, voterID laws. )

I think they are afraid of a fair election because high turnout means corporations and Kochs will have less sway.
this would not happen in a Democratic society, it spits in the face of our military who fought for democracy, and many would consider this a domestic threat - something military member swear an oath to defend against.
How the fuck are these pricks not on trial?
ONLY...in America
Looks like another veto override comin atcha, Tubby.
They're still not gonna let you into the debate, Chris, you're at the kids table no matter how much you do for them.
In a response to reporters' questions about that veto, the living incarnation of Cartman said, "I do what I want.  Respect my authoritah!"
This man is sick. I cannot wait for him to leave my state government for good 
I have 2 problems with this article:

1- It's already pretty easy to register to vote in NJ. Every public high school gives students the forms, every DMV offers them while you wait, every post office has forms, and I'm pretty sure libraries do also.

2- I didn't see anything about how the Democracy Act makes voter registration easier. It mentions how some states offer online registration, some offer early voting in person, and how some states have automatic registration, but it says nothing about what specifically the Democracy Act contains.


typical republican, scared of the voters so he makes it harder for thir voices to matter
Look at those smug, entitled white people (mostly old men).
The class bully,again.
That reminds me: why is Chris Christie not in jail?
Of course he did, why would anyone think he would sign a bill that might make it easier for people to vote since we all know that when more people voter fewer Republiscum are elected.
But, but, but...Republicans are strict Constitutionalists.
republicans are so desperate
At least New Jersey is trying.  You guys should be pushing your state to adopt law similar to what Oregon just passed, and they tried here.
I can't wait to see a GOP victory with only 23% of the total vote. We'll finally see the proof-in-the-pudding that the right is rigging the system.
This isn't the first time Christie has [done something like this](http://theweek.com/articles/463628/chris-christie-afraid-cory-booker) to manipulate voter turnout against liberals for his own benefit. New Jersey had to pick up the tab for a special election for that one.  
What else is new, he's a Republican. 
It is now clear that the republican party stands for the destruction of all that america stands for.  The leaders should be thrown in prison for treason.
I really can't wait any longer for this man to be president. Go Christie!
The Republican party wouldn't exist anymore if every person in America could actually show up and vote. 
this guy is a true fat pile of shit ain't it?
He also vetoed proposals for massive tax breaks for casinos in Atlantic City. 
Chris chrispycream: eat the vote campaign 2015
And this clown thinks he can be President?
&gt;The Democracy Act would have also solved another problem plaguing New Jersey elections — the need to accommodate non-English speakers. Currently materials only have to be printed in Spanish if 10 percent of the county or voting districts speaks it as their primary language, but the bill would require election materials to be made available to voters in multiple languages without other stipulations, according to NJ Advance Media.

Wait, i get that america doesnt have a national language but i would say that the majority of americans speak english and our laws are written in english. How  exactly does it make sense to have other languages for voting?  
Hey Christie supporters!? Vote Rand Paul.
Maybe he should **veto his own fatness.**
I don't think anyone here understands just how prevalent voting fraud is in NJ. This isn't a state where the amazing Democratic party is here ti save us all the time. The political machines here have rigged the votes using fraud. Christie is trying to combat that.

Source: Live in NJ and have run for office 3 times locally.
I don't see anywhere that he is keeping anyone from voting. Registration is not difficult. If that is what is stopping you then it's your own fault. Let's stop spinning this into something it's not. (And I hate Christie)
Wow... Spanish ballots?  Really?  I just double checked and yes, English literacy is a requirement for citizenship, which means the only people needing a non-English ballot shouldn't be voting.
I feel like Republicans that hold office only make decisions that earn them more money, power, and political "favors".  I don't think they stop to ask the question: "is this good for *everyone*, or just *my own constituents*?"

Not saying that democrats are faultless, I just feel like it happens less often.  

Could be confirmation bias though...
this only thing he should think about restricting is his diet. already got a surgery and hes still that fucking fat. 
Outside the context of these efforts, the assumption that 60% of the population wants to vote but fails to register properly - and that Republicans in some way are the cause of their failure to register - is completely absurd.  Also Democrats are in for a huge wake up call if they think that manual voter registration is denying them votes when compared to automatic registration.  A lot of people would probably come out and vote Republican so that they can go back to being unregistered.

I love the assumption that people would always vote Democrat if it weren't for the obstructions and misinformation of Republicans.  There definitely aren't people who fundamentally and rationally disagree with progressivism.
if you are to stupid to figure out how to vote, than i don't want you voting anyway. 
This is a solution without a problem, people don't vote because they are not registered, they do it because of many other reasons.  
Lol, I can't wait for that day
Leave us alone you fat fuck!
Republicans AND democrats play this vote rigging bullshit TOGETHER.  They're all for shutting down third party candidates ever since Ross Perot almost won 25 years ago
Democrats are flooding America with illegal aliens. But having an ID to vote? Apparently that's a huge problem to leftists.
lol... 

&gt; ThinkProgress is progressive

From: http://thinkprogress.org/about/

I know the letter is wrong after his name, but is voter fraud really not a thing.

Edit: found a [heavy-right-leaning report on fraud (archived)](http://web.archive.org/web/20150905115902/http://thf_media.s3.amazonaws.com/2015/pdf/VoterFraudCases-Merged-3-2.pdf)
Unpopular Opinion: Voting is an expression of political will; could a person choose not to register as one way of expressing their politics? It could be interpreted as saying they think the system is broken and they refuse to participate. Compare automatic registration to compulsory voting. 
How does automatic registration mean more people will vote? If they aren't registered they probably don't want to vote 
You need to have valid ID to do like ANY fucking thing in this country.  Why is voter ID discriminatory?  If poor people don't have proper IDs, make a system to get them some.  This is all a red herring...
Nothing is stopping people from voting. Democrats are ONLY doing this because they think more poor people might vote for them. If it were a 50/50 split or in favor of Republicans you wouldn't hear a damn word about this out of them. 
Honestly if a democrat did this this post won't even appear or you would all be circlejerking how this is preventing THOSE EVIL REPUBLICANS from voting
"Anyone hostile to research is probably benefitting from ignorance."
The real question is why are we wasting $300 million a year studying the effects of tobacco. 
I'm not against gun violence research, but I don't think the CDC should do it. At the time, it was the right move. The CDC was clearly not being objective. They had an agenda and people found out, it's not some grand conspiracy.
"First passed in 1996, the Dickey Amendment does not ban gun-violence research outright, but stipulates that “none of the funds made available for injury prevention and control at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention may be used to advocate or promote gun control.”"

This was put in place because the CDC was not studying violence but was engaged in partisan gun control advocacy. 

And note the Dickey Amendment only affects the CDC. The has been plenty of other parts of the government studying guns and violence. There has been no lack of studies.

http://www.nap.edu/read/18319/chapter/1

edit:
What he/she said  
https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/3top78/dems_push_to_end_ban_on_gun_violence_research/cx85msh
Funny how people have forgotten that Obama issued an executive order in the winter of 2013 for the CDC to do a study on just how bad America's gun violence problem is. The study came out that august. It didn't support an anti-gun political agenda, so it is fashionable to pretend the study never happened. 
**TL:DR; the CDC has a documented history of pushing politics before science with firearms** 

* Public Health Gun Control: A Brief History [Part I](http://www.drgo.us/?p=266), [Part II](http://www.drgo.us/?p=285), and [Part III](http://www.drgo.us/?p=314).  
*Reason: [Public Health Pot Shots](http://reason.com/archives/1997/04/01/public-health-pot-shots), 
*Reviving [CDC Factoid Factory](http://www.nationalreview.com/article/346759/reviving-cdcs-gun-factoid-factory-timothy-wheeler). 
* Forbes: [Why The Centers For Disease Control Should Not Receive Gun Research Funding](http://www.forbes.com/sites/larrybell/2013/02/12/why-the-centers-for-disease-control-should-not-receive-gun-research-funding/) 

If you read only one article, read the one from Reason. It's damning.

-----

The CDC did not lose their ability to do firearms research.  They are prohibited from advocating gun control. This is the text of the restriction:

&gt; None of the funds made available for injury prevention and control at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention may be used to advocate or promote gun control. 

The people in charge of said research stated that their goal is to see firearms banned.  This is [documented](https://reason.com/archives/1997/04/01/public-health-pot-shots):

&gt; Since 1985 the CDC has funded scores of firearm studies,* all reaching conclusions that favor stricter gun control*. But CDC officials insist they are not pursuing an anti-gun agenda. In a 1996 interview with the Times-Picayune, CDC spokeswoman Mary Fenley adamantly denied that the agency is "trying to eliminate guns." In a 1991 letter to CDC critic Dr. David Stolinsky, the NCIPC's Mark Rosenberg said "our scientific understanding of the role that firearms play in violent events is rudimentary." He added in a subsequent letter, "There is a strong need for further scientific investigations of the relationships among firearms ownership, firearms regulations and the risk of firearm-related injury. This is an area that has not been given adequate scrutiny. Hopefully, by addressing these important and appropriate scientific issues we will eventually arrive at conclusions which support effective, preventive actions."

&gt; Yet four years earlier, in a 1987 CDC report, Rosenberg thought the area adequately scrutinized, and his understanding sufficient, to urge confiscation of all firearms from "the general population," claiming "8,600 homicides and 5,370 suicides could be avoided" each year. In 1993 Rolling Stone reported that Rosenberg "envisions a long term campaign, similar to [those concerning] tobacco use and auto safety, to convince Americans that guns are, first and foremost, a public health menace." In 1994 he told The Washington Post, "**We need to revolutionize the way we look at guns, like what we did with cigarettes. Now it [sic] is dirty, deadly, and banned.**" 

Rosenberg was the head of the NCIPC which funded these studies, not some random researcher. He wasn't alone:  

&gt;[The public health push for banning guns goes back to the late 1980s at least.](http://www.drgo.us/?p=266)  In a 1989 issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association, Centers for Disease Control \(CDC\) official Patrick O’Carroll, MD stated “**We’re going to systematically build a case that owning firearms causes deaths.  We’re doing the most we can do, given the political realities**.” (P.W. O’Carroll, Acting Section Head of Division of Injury Control, CDC, quoted in Marsha F. Goldsmith, “Epidemiologists Aim at New Target: Health Risk of Handgun Proliferation,” Journal of the American Medical Association vol. 261 no. 5, February 3, 1989, pp. 675-76.)  The CDC’s anti-gun activism ran unabated until the mid-1990s.  

More quotes:

&gt; **“Guns are a virus that must be eradicated.”**—Dr. Katherine Christoffel, pediatrician, in American Medical News, January 3, 1994.  In the 1990s Dr. Christoffel was the leader of the now-defunct HELP Network, a Chicago-based association of major medical organizations and grant seekers advancing gun control in the medical media.  The name HELP was an acronym for Handgun Epidemic Lowering Plan.

...

&gt; **“Data on [assault weapons’] risks are not needed, because they have no redeeming social value.**—Jerome Kassirer, M.D., former editor, New England Journal of Medicine, [writing in vol. 326, no. 17, page 1161 \(April 23, 1992\)](http://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJM199204233261712).

NEJM is a preeminent medical journal, an editor saying this is a problem.

[Another quote](https://reason.com/archives/1997/04/01/public-health-pot-shots): 
&gt; Deborah Prothrow-Stith, *dean of the Harvard School of Public Health*, nicely summarizes the typical attitude of her colleagues in a recent book. "My own view on gun control is simple," she writes. "**I hate guns and cannot imagine why anybody would want to own one. If I had my way, guns for sport would be registered, and all other guns would be banned.**" Opposition to gun ownership is also the official position of the U.S. Public Health Service, the CDC's parent agency. Since 1979, its goal has been "to reduce the number of handguns in private ownership," starting with a 25 percent reduction by the turn of the century.

DRGO's has a series concerning the "Public Health" approach to gun control - [Part I](http://www.drgo.us/?p=266), [Part II](http://www.drgo.us/?p=285), and [Part III](http://www.drgo.us/?p=314)

Despite the CDC's prohibition on promoting gun control advocacy in the guise of "research", the people responsible for that limit are still active and up to the same tricks: [Reviving the CDC’s Gun-Factoid Factory](
http://www.nationalreview.com/article/346759/reviving-cdcs-gun-factoid-factory-timothy-wheeler):

&gt; Matthew Miller, an injury-control researcher with a medical degree, argued the case for using auto-injury-reduction measures as a model for reducing firearm injuries. He didn’t say how this would work, since auto injuries are almost all accidental and firearm injuries are almost all intentional.

&gt; Julia da Silva, director of the Violence Prevention Office at the American Psychological Association, revealed the typical academic worldview, asserting that “gun violence is an extreme expression of aggression and conflict resolution.” To some, yes. To a career criminal, it’s just a way of getting what he wants. Ms. da Silva didn’t even mention legitimate self-defense against such aggression as a use for a firearm.

But is it even science?

&gt; Contrary to this picture of dispassionate scientists under assault by the Neanderthal NRA and its know-nothing allies in Congress, **serious scholars have been criticizing the CDC's "public health" approach to gun research for years**. In a presentation at the American Society of Criminology's 1994 meeting, for example, **University of Illinois sociologist David Bordua and epidemiologist David Cowan called the public health literature on guns "advocacy based on political beliefs rather than scientific fact."** Bordua and Cowan noted that The New England Journal of Medicine and the Journal of the American Medical Association, the main outlets for CDC-funded studies of firearms, are consistent supporters of strict gun control. **They found that "reports with findings not supporting the position of the journal are rarely cited," "little is cited from the criminological or sociological field," and the articles that are cited "are almost always by medical or public health researchers."**

&gt; Further, Bordua and Cowan said, "***assumptions are presented as fact: that there is a causal association between gun ownership and the risk of violence, that this association is consistent across all demographic categories, and that additional legislation will reduce the prevalence of firearms and consequently reduce the incidence of violence." They concluded that "[i]ncestuous and selective literature citations may be acceptable for political tracts, but they introduce an artificial bias into scientific publications. Stating as fact associations which may be demonstrably false is not just unscientific, it is unprincipled."*** In a 1994 presentation to the Western Economics Association, State University of New York at Buffalo criminologist Lawrence Southwick compared public health firearm studies to popular articles produced by the gun lobby: "Generally the level of analysis done on each side is of a low quality. The papers published in the medical literature (which are uniformly anti-gun) are particularly poor science."

They also aren't [thorough or even diligent about contradictory information](http://reason.com/archives/1997/04/01/public-health-pot-shots):

&gt; *When CDC sources do cite adverse studies, they often get them wrong.* In 1987 the National Institute of Justice hired two sociologists, James D. Wright and Peter H. Rossi, to assess the scholarly literature and produce an agenda for gun control. **Wright and Rossi found the literature so biased and shoddy that it provided no basis for concluding anything positive about gun laws.** Like Kleck, they were forced to give up their own prior faith in gun control as they researched the issue.

&gt; But that's not the story told by Dr. Arthur Kellermann, director of Emory University's Center for Injury Control and the CDC's favorite gun researcher. In a 1988 New England Journal of Medicine article, Kellermann and his co-authors cite Wright and Rossi's book Under the Gun to support the notion that "restricting access to handguns could substantially reduce our annual rate of homicide." What they actually said was: "There is no persuasive evidence that supports this view." In a 1992 New England Journal of Medicine article, Kellermann cites an American Journal of Psychiatry study to back up the claim "that limiting access to firearms could prevent many suicides." *But the study actually found just the opposite--i.e., that people who don't have guns find other ways to kill themselves.*
Misleading headline.
Democrats:  shut up about guns.

Republicans:  shut up about abortions.

Take my advice and gain 5-10% of the vote, dumbasses.
For the last time, there is no ban on gun research, lots of agencies research gun crimes. Only center for disease control was told they couldn't do studies specifically aimed at achieving results that allow them to push gun control tool. They got caught losing their objectivity and doing studies they publicly stayed they wanted to help their push to get rid of guns. 
Why are we spending that much on tobacco still? Isn't that research fairly definitive?
The CDC has no business spending tax dollars on issues that do not pertain to microbiological threats. The Center for Disease Control.

Gun violence is not a disease, the people that pull the triggers are the ones that are ill. Backdoor attempts to strengthen gun control need to end post haste.
Gun violence is a propaganda term, just like "abortion violence" or some other anti-freedom horseshit.
Although the ban still exists, there have been research projects under it.  [Here's an article about that CDC study Obama funded back in 2013.](http://www.gunsandammo.com/politics/cdc-gun-research-backfires-on-obama/)  What did it conclude:

1.  Armed citizens are less likely to be injured by an attacker

2.  Defensive uses of guns are common, with between 500,000 and 3 million uses per year.

3.  Mass shootings and accidental firearm deaths account for a small fraction of gun-related deaths, and both are declining

4.  "Interventions” (i.e, gun control) such as background checks, so-called assault rifle bans and gun-free zones produce “mixed” results

5.  Gun buyback programs are "innefective" at reducing crime

6.  Stolen guns and retail/gun show purchases account for very little crime

7.  The vast majority of gun-related deaths are not homicides, but suicides

Make what you want of it, but there you go.  The article also discusses a bit why the ban was first instituted.  Basically the man in charge of the CDC was aggressively anti-gun and perpetuated myths in order to further his agenda.  I don't believe that's a problem any more.  Any research on gun violence that is unbiased won't tell us something we don't already know.
There is no ban on gun violence research. 

Why does gun control advocacy rely so heavily on deception?
Considering the center for disease control's original mandate and how far they have proven they will stray from that mandate to engage in political advocacy I hope this specific prohibition where that organization cannot use public funds to advocate gun control stands indefinitely.
The democracts want to know why they are losing so many of their voters in Democrat run cities like Baltimore, Detroit, Chicago, St Louis, ect to gun violence. 
[Here's some free research already done.](http://assaultweapon.info)
Democrats invest so much in banning legal guns. Does jack shit about illegal guns.
This is gonna bite them in the ass when the research doesn't fit their agenda. 
If avoidance of politicized research can be guaranteed, (as much as it can with govt funded anything), then fine.

But I trust this as far as I would a Republican demand for social policy research on abortion, or the "science" behind creationism.

there is a serious and obvious agenda here.
**Repubs push to end ban on abortion research**

Come on, Dems, what are you afraid of? The **truth?** ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Very misleading headline.  There is no "ban" on researching gun violence.  The fact that the federal government refuses to pay for something does not outlaw it.
France just reminded me of all I need to know about how effective gun control is.   There are those who'd prefer to die on their knees praying for the police to magically appear, and there are those who'd rather take their chances fighting.

Everyone supports guns in one way or another.  Some support an empowered citicenry, and some support only an empowered government.
If there's nothing to worry about, why not let it happen? 
The FBI does plenty of research already. Here are the facts: Blacks commit the most gun crime per capita, and their crimes usually occur in highly gun restricted cities. Blacks also commit the most interracial crime, with highly disproportionate targeting of whites and Asians.
Honestly, while I'm very much in favor of research being done on gun violence (more information is always a good thing), I don't want the CDC to be conducting and publishing that research.

Regardless of what they would find in a study, it would be controversial, and the last thing the CDC needs is to have their credibility hurt in the eyes of a large portion of the population. That means people would be less willing to listen when the CDC advocates for things that should be way less controversial, like vaccines.
That comment section.  Yikes 
We have research, it's called statistics the FBI releases which shows a whopping 0.4ish% of all total deaths a year contributed to guns. Wow! Lock your doors everyone.
Damn, I would love to know what the NRA's reddit budget is this year...
The FBI already studies gun crime. Why does the center for disease control need to as well?
"gun" is in the title, time to summon all of the leading internet lunatics and let them orgy in the comments!
There's no ban,  CDC can do whatever it wants. 
&gt;We dedicate $240 million a year on traffic safety research

Sadly, this does little to reduce the horrendous fatality rate on American streets, or even improve street design.
Only in Republican-land does the government ban scientists from researching certain topics...
Assuming funding isn't an issue the only reason to ban any kind of research is you have a decent idea of what that research will result in and you don't want that result to become legitimized by research.
I can't wait to hear about gun violence research being scrapped when hardline anti-gun Dems (and Reps for that matter) find out that states with high levels of gun control have extremely high levels of gun violence as well as the fact that gun violence predominantly occurs in low-income urban neighborhoods, which of course means that guns are raciss.

Oh well, they'll probably just ignore it the same way that they ignore the fact that most gun violence occurs with handguns and push for another ban on modern sporting rifles.
down with censorship! RK
They don't have the votes in Congress to do this.
All this is is a ploy to take away our guns. How am I supposed to defend my stockpile of Ted Cruz nudes without my arsenal of automatic weaponry? 
How can more research do anything OTHER THAN support an anti-gun agenda? That's the nature of what we're dealing with here, and that's the fundamental problem. 

Research into defensive gun uses tells us one thing for certain: they are woefully underreported. If someone pulls a gun and scares a home invader away without a shot being fired, that's a DGU. But guess what? Those incidents are frequently not reported to authorities. We know this anecdotally. We can debate the exact numbers and the truth is we don't know own the numbers, but we know this is true. Therefore, any new research that seeks to quantify DGUs will be flawed right from the start... and I'm 100% sure that's NOT the message that will come through, it'll be that DGUs never happen and "see, we did the research to prove it!" It'll be bullshit, but that's all the anti-gun movement is interested in: emotional bullshit they can use to push a bullshit agenda. 

So what is a new study going to tell us that wouldn't be bullshit? That guns are sometimes used in acts that result in death? No duh! That accidents with guns happen? We know this. That violent criminals tend to prefer guns over other things? No surprise. That suicides tend to be with guns more, and are more likely to be successful if by gun? True. 

But more studies can ONLY be used to further an anti-gun agenda because of this. That makes them, by their very nature, biased. And that's why we don't need more. It's a waste of money (tells us things we already know) and won't, in fact, lead to reasoned policy decisions, it will only lead to attempts to further limit gun rights with the ultimate goal of getting rid of them entirely because THAT IS THE GOAL of the people who want more research, not reasoned debate as they like to claim. 

It may not be elegant, but: FUCK that shit! 
What's Wayne afraid we'll learn?
What will the purpose of the research be? 
Hopefully they focus on police gun violence against citizens.
Nice to see a story make it through the gunnitor gauntlet once in a while!
Why the fuck is the government allowed to ban any research at all?
I'm a fervent supporter is my right to own guns. But a ban on research is fucking rediculous. This is one of the reasons I refuse to join the NRA. I will not join an organization that supports candidates who encourage a ban on research.
It does not change the fact that the right to carry and self defense is a god given unchangeable right.

Until you get enough votes to change the amendment.
TIL the US has an amendment banning federal funding of gun violence research. Why am I not surprised this was done with the "help" of the NRA. 
Good, let's get to bottom of the violence in Chicago and Detroit. Maybe the gun bans there aren't working.
[deleted]
If the report concludes anything that goes against their agenda, like the disproportionate number of blacks involved in gun crimes, they'll just deny it or sweep it under the rug. So what's the point?

You libs can wait for the Allah Snackbar to take you away to the great fallafel stand in the sky, or for a college-bound christian "youth" of indeterminate race or ethnicity to shoot you over the 5 dollars in your wallet. I would prefer to at least go out standing up.
Raise your hand if you didn't even realize there *was* a ban on gun violence research.

o/  

Because they're not pushing their agenda, right?
"We should have laws barring refugees. They don't make me feel safe."

yay

"We should have laws barring guns. They don't make me feel safe."

boo

Only in America everyone.




Interesting article which includes thoughts from Congressman Dickey himself. http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/jay-dickey-gun-violence-research-amendment_561333d7e4b022a4ce5f45bf
Absolutely agreed.  It says "huh, this looks interesting, and this over here looks odd.  We should focus future efforts there".  It, however, does not affirm or deny anything in the way people are pointing to it and trying to use it to prop up their agenda.
I don't understand why anyone would want to block the research.  I mean it's not even "if we banned guns would crime go down" research, it's "what can we do to bring gun crime down" research, gun laws or not.
Gun nuts don't want the violence to end. 
We should not go down that path. There are far more important things to worry about anyway.
&gt; kill 33,000 Americans annually...

How do you know?  There's a ban on gun violence research.
Question, how can you legally ban researching a topic? Regardless of the topic.
Dem dems
Detached clinical study of the role of firearms in violent crime and suicide is fine, if it's seeking to uncover the psychological connections. Slanted biased bullshit trying to sell an agenda, on the other hand... That's what we're likely to get. Masquerading as legit research. While research should occur, it should occur in a credible fashion.
I cant say i ever met a violent gun
Something interesting I dug up whilst looking at this is that Jay Dickey, the guy who got the restriction passed reversed his position after the Aurora shooting and regretted that he had served as "the NRA’s point person in Congress" and called for restarting of research into gun violence.

[source] (https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/we-wont-know-the-cause-of-gun-violence-until-we-look-for-it/2012/07/27/gJQAPfenEX_print.html)
Can dems not push false statistics on gun violence too? 
The ONLY person who is serious about stopping illegal immigration is the candidate who supports jailing the employer who hired them.

Never has an immigrant taken your job, an employer gave it to them.
That GOP Hispanic vote outreach is going great! 
I should vote in this election. 
&gt;Get woke America

Jesus this article was bad
Wait, did he actually say Operation Wetback?
BUILD WALL!!!
But you know it was IKE!!! "I like IKE", everybody loved Ike come on next question
Headlines like these are gonna help him win. From yesterday's Economist/YouGov poll, 63% of Republicans agree with the following statement: 

&gt; "When Mexico sends its people, they’re not sending their best. They’re sending people that have lots of problems. They’re bringing drugs. They’re bringing crime. They’re rapists."

While only 17% of Republicans agree with this statement:

&gt; "Yes, illegal immigrants broke the law, but it’s not a felony. It’s an act of love, it’s an act of commitment to your family..."

...yeah.
Ignoring history again, those were different times, and [the immigration administration created that program at the request of the Mexican government.]( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Wetback) They needed serf labor, just like what Republicans want here for the lower and middle classes.

It's probably not a good idea for Republicans to bring up Eisenhower, the last decent Republican president, before the religious right took over the party.

&gt;The supreme quality for leadership is unquestionably integrity. Without it, no real success is possible, no matter whether it is on a section gang, a football field, in an army, or in an office.
Dwight D. Eisenhower

How many of the Republican neocons served in the military?

&gt;I hate war as only a soldier who has lived it can, only as one who has seen its brutality, its futility, its stupidity.
Dwight D. Eisenhower

&gt;Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired, signifies in the final sense a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed.
Dwight D. Eisenhower

&gt;In the councils of government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military-industrial complex. The potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power exists and will persist.
Dwight D. Eisenhower

&gt;Should any political party attempt to abolish social security, unemployment insurance, and eliminate labor laws and farm programs, you would not hear of that party again in our political history.
Dwight D. Eisenhower

&gt;In most communities it is illegal to cry 'fire' in a crowded assembly. Should it not be considered serious international misconduct to manufacture a general war scare in an effort to achieve local political aims?
Dwight D. Eisenhower

&gt;Today in America, unions have a secure place in our industrial life. Only a handful of reactionaries harbor the ugly thought of breaking unions and depriving working men and women of the right to join the union of their choice. I have no use for those -- regardless of their political party -- who hold some vain and foolish dream of spinning the clock back to days when organized labor was huddled, almost as a hapless mass. Only a fool would try to deprive working men and women of the right to join the union of their choice.—Dwight D. Eisenhower


Am I the only one who thinks the deportation of illegal immigrants shouldn't be a party line topic? 

It's literally the law... 
The people who holler the loudest about illegal immigration and jerb-tookin' are conspicuously silent on the notion of raising punishments for employers who hire undocumented workers.
It is simple. We have laws. ~~Undocumented~~ illegal immigrants violate the laws. We have two options:
a) if we think that the laws are not good, we should change them.
b) if we think that the laws are correct (or until the laws are changed), we should enforce them.

So if the law tells us that illegal immigrants should be deported, they should be deported. If we ignored the problem for so long time and allowed millions of them to come here, then we need a mass deportation. It sounds ugly, but there is nothing racist about it.

P.S. I am an immigrant myself. I spent about 10 years, a lot of money to file all necessary documents and visas, followed all rules and finally got US citizenship. I am not against immigration, but I am against uncontrolled immigration. Look at Europe for an example of how immigration should not be handled.
That whole debate was disturbing, I had to turn that thing off. It got to the point where Fiora and Bush were both grand standing and openly theorizing how they couldn't wait to bluff charge to world war three  with a no fly zone. 

It was at that moment that I understood why Trump and Carson leads the polls for republicans. Everybody understands shipping 11 million people out the country is fucking nuts. But for some reason people never understand how freaking loony it is to scream acts of aggression against other powers like some sort of school yard bully. 
The 2016 President Election Show is some genius satire. Can you imagine if Americans were stupid enough to fall into this media circus trap and run with it? Politics in America would be a joke! Thank goodness we have an informed populous that can see through the smokes and mirrors of mass media.
They're illegal aliens.  We have laws that say immigrants must go through the proper channels to come to America.  He's advocating following the law.  The law that was written by congress.  The law that was signed by the President.  Fuck you Rolling Stone.
[Heres the video.](https://www.yahoo.com/politics/trump-kasich-and-bush-clash-1297443436003382.html) To be fair, he never mentioned the operation by name, he just referred to it in vague terms as proof that it could be done
Well... He certainly sticks to his guns. Lol. 
&gt;“If I thought that raising the minimum wage was the best way to help people increase their pay, I would be all for it, but it isn’t,” claimed Rubio. “In the 21st century, it’s a disaster. If you raise the minimum wage, you’re going to make people more expensive than machines. That means all the automation that is replacing jobs and people right now will be accelerated.”

Holy fuck balls, that is some next gen logic
I love how the Democrats on Reddit do not think Trump is serious about becoming the President.  The guy is a massive narcissist.  He is in this to win it.  Oh,  BUILD WALL!!
The guy loves WWE, so he's just playing the heel.  He will wait till next year to make his babyface run.
[deleted]
I guess wanting to stop illegal immigration is racism now, huh?  Just so you guys know, he only uses that as an example that it's not "impossible to deport so many people" as everyone is saying.  Now, I personally am in no-way endorsing the mass deportation of 11+ million people myself, but Trump says in every speech that he will make sure it is done humanely, and that any of the "good" people without criminal records will be made LEGAL citizens through an expedited process.

He also says he isn't going to mass deport until the wall is built (with exception to all criminals will be gone instantly).

You don't have to agree with his policy, but I am kind of annoyed that my party has essentially become the Pro-illegal immigration party, especially considering Bernie's recent statement.
If Donald Trump was talking about Syrians in Europe instead reddit would love him.
Was it seriously called Operation Wetback? Ike trolled the shit out of them.
His point was that it can be done
[deleted]
Illegal immigrants drive down wages for Americans. The people who benefit from it are the illegals and those who employ them. It's not racist to say that our countries border needs to be enforced.
History does not repeat itself that's just an old saying!

http://www.worldfuturefund.org/Import/ah.nberg.color.jpg
Haaaaahahahahaha omfg.. Trump continues to excel. What a brilliant man. Not brilliant in the mind, but brilliant because still masterfully trolling the entire country. Bravo, trump. Bravo.
Of course Donald Trump wants to build a wall and talk about mass deportation. Because he knows these aren't practical solutions in the least, because he knows that's a check his mouth could write that he will never have to cash due to the partisan nature of Washington blocking a campaign promise he never intended to keep to begin with. 

I cannot believe so many people have been hoodwinked by this modern-day P.T. Barnum. I cannot believe so many people are ready to pull a lever for this slimy, smarmy Veruca Salt in shitty pleated trousers because they think he doesn't "hold back", because they think he's genuine and says things others aren't afraid to say. There is absolutely nothing genuine about Donald Trump. 

Go to your local department store and look at the labels on Donald Trump's line of menswear. Give you three guesses where it's all manufactured; if you guessed Mexico, congratulations! Think about that the next time he goes on stage to rage about Oreos being manufactured overseas or how Mexicans come to America to steal American jobs. Mexican hands stitch the guy's name into every single piece of fabric and every article of clothing shipped over here from south of the border so they can pay those people pennies on the dollar and more ends up in this dude's pockets. 

I suppose the irony is that Trump turns around and talks about how he can't be bought by big business (because he is big business) and how he doesn't accept campaign contributions from corporations. He has enough money to fund his own campaign after all, enough money to get up there and speak his mind and not be beholden to sponsors or benefactors, enough money to get up there and blovate about Mexican rapists and the Brown Tide. Money he gets from selling shit made by Mexicans, in Mexico, from real estate constructed by Mexicans in this country, from hotels and casinos staffed by thousands of undocumented Mexicans and Latin Americans.
Wow...just wow...
Donald Trump is straight up a double agent. 
Wait, but how can businesses find enough workers to work for under minimum wage if we kick out all of the illegals?! (satire)
So why do people argue it's impossible to deport this many people if we've done it before?
This headline is as ridiculous as saying bernie sanders wants america to become the Soviet Union.
I've got 5 bucks that says one of Trump's rich friends bet him a million dollars that he couldn't get away with saying 'wetback' during the debate.
It is absolutely unfair to the legal immigrants to allow these masses to stay. There's absolutely nothing racist about his position.  
the wonderful racebaiting by the left. throwing people out of the country they illegally entered is racist according to the bleeding heart white liberals who live in mostly white communities with a bunch of token people of color in them. Screw the crime statistics, screw the law, "burn this bitch down" as the black lives matters movement used to shout.  

  When you got a problem like millions of illegals crossing the border and staying unlawfully in the united states and politica; parties advocating the breaking of the law then you know social tensions will start.
So Eisenhower is racist now? 
When other countries deport people who enter in violation of their laws is that also racist?  

Oh, and did you hear Rolling Stone is being sued for $25,000,000 by those people they falsely accused of gang rape?  I really hope they win.
Operation Wetback sounds like a Larry The Cable Guy movie. I see its appeal to the intended demographic. 
So it's racist to enforce immigration law? Got it liberals. 
How is what Trump is suggesting unabashedly racist?
You can tell Trump is starting to get bored with all of this. He is just waiting for his numbers to drop low enough to get out of this. I have watched every debate and his positions are still not well thought out or developed. He enjoys the attention and the cheers but you can absolutely tell he does not want to deal with BS of Washington. He will be out of the race by Feb.
"The term wetback was used by Cesar Chavez during his efforts organizing unionized farmworkers." 
Operation Wetback actually worked. The main reason was because both Mexico and America worked together on it. A million plus illegals were sent back to central mexico in a short time. So Trump is right, and this stupid article actually points it out, lol. Wetback might be racist now but it wasn't back then, all the SJW's really need to chill and learn some history.
So wait: the *name* of the operation makes it racist? If it were called something else, would it still be racist? And why is the successful deportation of illegal immigrants in the past (1) racist and (2) not a decent example that shows mass deportation of illegal immigrants working? Number (2) above is something that critics of Trump point out all the time - it isn't feasible, it is said, to deport millions of illegal immigrants. It has been done before.

Is "racism!" really the last criticism of Donald Trump's plan? It seems like he's won this debate if no serious criticisms of the logistics of the plan can be made.
I won't be able to articulate this as elegantly as it deserves, but the lack of immigration policy and the normalization of illegal activity undercuts the rule of law and damages the credibility of the justice system.  Without taking a side on immigration or illegal immigrants, the act of allowing illegal immigration and illegal immigrants to stay in the country is something that must be stopped (whether through amnesty or deportation, I could care less).
Illegal aliens aren't a race, no matter how hard open border activists try to phrase it that way...
Removing illegal immigrants from the country is a good idea whether your victim culture tells you its "racist" or not.  
Further proof rolling stone is not a news source.
It's a bold stratagy Cotton, let's see how it plays out for him.
Despite the fact that the name of the operation, "Wetback" is now seen as a pejorative for Mexicans in general, there is nothing and was nothing racist about deporting illegal Mexican and other Central/Southern American immigrants. 

Maybe you don't understand that Illegal Immigrants is not a race.

The word "Wetback" was used to describe those Southern Illegal Immigrants who entered the United States by illegally swimming across the Rio Grande into the country, thus getting wet. It is literally a word used to describe a type of criminal.

This victim culture needs to die. Criminals are not victims.
I honestly agree with Donald Trump, I am voting for him, I really hope all these negative articles dont stop him from winning.
I kept expecting him to start talking about how wonderful the Trail of Tears was next.
Operation wetback, part 2 - Return to Mexico. Back to the Mexican dream.
Hate my opinion all you want, but the more we sensationalize and twist Trump's stances to make him out to be a cartoon villain

the more I'm convinced that he's probably a pretty reasonable guy.

Media bias goes both ways, and while we all love to sit around and make fun of how blatantly Fox news lies, most liberal media is doing the same shit the other way.

For anyone wondering:

Donald Trump doesn't really hate all Mexicans and want to destroy their lives. In reality, he wants to remove **illegal immigrants** who are **breaking the law** by being in this country, and have them undergo a proper, legal immigration process if they want to live and work here (which, by the way, is exactly how it works in pretty much every country for everyone).

I don't think that's necessarily the best way to go about handling the problem, but it isn't nearly as nefarious as the media (and most of reddit) would have you believe.
Even the legal Hispanics don't want the illegals here. They will vote to shut down the borders. 
So what? If the Civil Rights Acts were called "Operation NiggerFaggots" that shouldn't stop anyone from supporting it. It's a lot like saying you shouldn't read To Kill A Mockingbird because you don't support violence against birds.
but I thought the dems WANT a 1950s eisenhower republican
What is his opinion on offensive Halloween costumes?
It sent home foreign nationals who had illegally entered this country- how is that "racist"? Oh, I get it- that's your magic word you use on anybody and everybody who gets in the way of the big takeover.
Just for clarification, there is absolutely no mention of "Operation Wetback" in Ike's bio.  I think his one major flaw was in hiring Richard Nixon to be his VP:

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dwight_D._Eisenhower"After the Soviet Union launched the world's first artificial satellite in 1957, Eisenhower authorized the establishment of NASA, which led to the space race. During the Suez Crisis of 1956, Eisenhower condemned the Israeli, British and French invasion of Egypt, and forced them to withdraw. He also condemned the Soviet invasion during the Hungarian Revolution of 1956but took no action. In 1958, Eisenhower sent 15,000 U.S. troops to Lebanon to prevent the pro-Western government from falling to a Nasser-inspired revolution. Near the end of his term, his efforts to set up a summit meeting with the Soviets collapsed because of the U-2 incident.[4] In his January 17, 1961 farewell address to the nation, Eisenhower expressed his concerns about the dangers of corporate control of Congress and massive military spending, particularly deficit spending and government contracts to private military manufacturers, and coined the term "military-industrial complex".On the domestic front, he covertly opposed Joseph McCarthy and contributed to the end of McCarthyism by openly invoking the modern expanded version of executive privilege. He otherwise left most political activity to his Vice President, Richard Nixon. He was a moderate conservative who continued New Deal agencies and expanded Social Security. He also launched the Interstate Highway System, the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA), the establishment of strong science education via the National Defense Education Act, and encouraged peaceful use of nuclear power via amendments to the Atomic Energy Act."
what exactly is wrong with telling illegals that they are not wanted in this country.
Y'all think this is gonna hurt Trump?  This is why we want him.  
Alright I get that this is fucking obscene. But what else is actually,
Genuinely racist, besides the name? Form the article it seems just like an anti immigration policy to me. And I believe in part that he focuses on Hispanics because it's the most visible minority, and he has some bigoted thoughts.
Can someone actually explain to me
Soothing that is actually racist about this "operation" besides the name 
This is hilarious.
Maybe I missed something in the article. How is deporting illegal immigrants racist?
This is right up there with Operation Ching Chong.
No, he pointed out a program that was used to successfully deport illegal aliens in the past because some people are trying to claim that it's impossible to do so. There was nothing racist about it then, and there's nothing racist about it now. 
Based Trump, anyone crying crocodile tears for those that are in a nation illegally can get rekt.
You gotta love how biased and pro-liberal the media is.  It's like they don't even care about journalism's code of ethics.  Donald Trump never endorsed Operation Wetback.  He used Eisenhower as an example to prove that deporting massive amounts of illegal immigrants was possible.
By embracing *illegal* immigrants the Democrats prove they are pro-crime.

Also pro-crime: 

Wanting to give the vote to felons.

Making it possible to register non-citizens to vote.

Letting criminals out of prison, en mass. (6000 so far)

Not prosecuting anyone who rioted or burned buildings in Ferguson Mo.

Letting Corzine walk.

Never prosecuting individuals in the Banking failure.

Allowing millions to overstay their visas.

it goes on.

He just said this? I thought the debate was yesterday. 
Isn't it crazy that all the comments here have such bad scores, all of the scores are hidden?
"I don't need an operation, I'm not even sick" 
Some reason stopping illegal immigrants is a bad thing, we only hurting people who want to do it legally.
Lmao fucking operation wetback. No, but seriously, if there's one issue I'm with the left on, it has to be regulation of citizenship. For the love of sanity, just make it easier to be a legal citizen. I've lived in moderately white suburban towns my whole life and the blatant lawbreaking, entire neighborhoods most likely harboring entire families of illegal residents are ridiculous. If you ask me, the government cares more about mining our internet use and personal info than it does actually having legal citizens.
lol this was just above the reddit post about salsa over taking ketchup as the #1 condiment.  Is trump in bed with big ketchup?
[deleted]
Sounds like redditors would really love this guy, he's so "anti PC". 
honest question and I agree it was horribe, and I don't think we should do it again.  But if we disregard how awful this was, what was the actual economic impact on the US economy and cities that were most affected by this mass deportation.  I'm honestly curious was there a noticeable positive or negative impact to that operation.

Was a study ever actually done to determine the impact of the event?
Dudes, he promises a deportation force in order to accomplish this.

Yes, a [deportation force](http://www.cnn.com/2015/11/11/politics/donald-trump-deportation-force-debate-immigration/index.html)

Dudes...you know how republicans say Obama is literally Hitler for paying for roads and giving us healthcare? Well like...Trump is promising a deportation force which is responsible for rounding up 11 million people
But what does Ronda think of the immigration policies
I have a better idea. Let's save the deportation money and enslave all the Hispanics,and if that works we can also enslave the blacks! "Make America great again" us whites will live in harmony. 
Similar in spirit to Operation Get Behind the Darkies

...but this one was real.
The fact that this is even a discussion is unbelievably incomprehensible. Shameful. 
Just waiting for Trump to go down in flames.
Donald Trump. Turning purple states blue.
Oh gosh, the 'R' word.
Good. 
You want to wreck the economy?....this is how you do it. 
Jesus H Christ on a stick.

When is Dudley Do-Right going to take this friggin guy in? Is he just waiting for Trump to tie some poor hispanic lady to some train tracks?
I don't care if Trump or Sanders win or lose anymore. This stuff is comic gold. 
And they'll get away with it if yall don't vote
I wonder - how did his family come to America?

He certainly doesn't look 'Indian'
I just don't understand this rabid GOP base.

"I LIKE ME A CANDIDATE WHAT CAN SHOOT HIS OWN FOOT AND THEN FIT THE WHOLE THING IN HIS MOUTH."
Can't stump the Trump :^)
At least he did it loudly, in 3 word soundbites with plenty of Trump^^TM branded exclamation marks so it's gotta be good right?
Shorter, Archie Bunker Debate:

TRUMP: No bum that can’t speak poifect English oughta stay in this country…oughta be de-exported the hell outta here!

KASICH: (looks at Trump, then the camera) He’s got some grand strategy that he can’t revulge.

FIORINA: They’re picking bananas in Brazil and them Indians down there, they don’t care about what you look like.

RUBIO: (points at Fiorina) That woman is liable to come at you like a Doberman’s Pincher.

PAUL: (looks dismissively at Rubio) Don’t talk like an ignarosis.

BUSH: (says for no reason) Between here and Florida, ya got your original 48 states.

FIORINA: (turns to Bush) You made a certain referential remark there.

TRUMP: Sit right down there, seniorora.

CRUZ: (blurts out) The atheist religion don’t believe in the Bible!

CARSON: (sees something invisible on his podium) This is a Jewish cake! They give this to a Jewish kid before he gets circumscribed!

TRUMP: (gestures towards Carson) Raise him a Luferan if you want, raise him a Norman with 7 wives, a holy roller, a Seventh Day Adventurer…..

PAUL: I’d say that the Meathead (Carson) probably got magnesia and forgot where his mouth was.

KASICH: I’m half prostate in the heat.

FIORINA: The rules are written by the bureaucraps.

BUSH: It’s only the mercy of the lord I ain’t had a stroke already…and a coronary trombonus in the bargain.

PAUL: I hate to leave in the middle of all this hillerarity.

CARSON: (increasingly confused) Well, yous two may have come from monkeys and bamboons, but not me.

PAUL: (looks at Carson) ?????

TRUMP: (needs attention) I work for myself. I’m what ya call an “entramanure.”

KASICH: (to Trump) You ain’t got no qualifidations.

CARSON: (blurts out) There is an invason of my privates!

PAUL: (looks at Carson) ?????

BUSH: (considers his debate performance so far) I ain’t in a happy frame of mood.

KASICH: I’m suffering a little bit from smoke exhilaration.

RUBIO: (to Kasich) Dial 919.

CRUZ: I just want to take the opportunity to express my waddya call, gratitude and depreciation.

BUSH: (growing morose) One of these days I’m gonna dehead myself!

TRUMP: (to Bush) Stifle it, Edith!
The Epic Trolling of the Right by the Donald continued...
Don't forget, [Trump said he would win the Latino vote.](http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/2016-election/donald-trump-i-will-win-latino-vote-n388696)
I hope Rolling Stone loses that upcoming court case. If you wrongfully and haphazardly accuse innocent people of rape I cant take anything you say seriously anymore.
removing illegals isn't racist. If you removed ALL immigrants then that's racist but no one has said that, no one has supported or even proposed that. In fact all have said that legal immigrants are not only welcome but encourage more.

Thus removing illegals is simply enforcing the laws of the land. If you're here illegally, you should be removed and then you can get in line with all the other people who are going through the legal process to become americans and enter the country legally.

And yes, you can remove 11 million (actually it's more like 25 million now) illegals by removing the reasons they come here and stay here yet refuse to do it legally as well as enforcing the actual laws that already are on the books.
In other words, Trump praised a government program that WORKED and actually enforced immigration law, in a time when govt was much less capable and organized than it is now.  

Yet every Democrat wants to NOT enforce the law of the land on this issue and does NOT believe that govt can do it even though govt was able to many decades ago.  

Talk about the shoe being on the other foot, aren't Dems usually the ones crying about the Law of the Land (abortion, gay marriage, etc) and how govt CAN and in fact SHOULD do the things it's supposed to, like enforce laws?
Transcript from Trump's answer when pressed about whether it's actually physically possible to deport all illegal immigrants back to Mexico
***

TRUMP: Maria, we're a country of laws. We either have a country or we don't have a country. We are a country of laws. Going to have to go out and they will come back but they are going to have to go out and hopefully they get back.

But we have no choice if we're going to run our country properly and if we're going to be a country.

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
***

So. We're doing great. 
Rolling Stone, lol.
GOP: taking non issues and making them a national crisis since 1964!
"Racist man supports racist things"
Who would've thought?
"Eisenhower one of the nicest guys" except the fact he was racist, but besides that you know. 
You make it sound like he proposed something called operation wetback.  This is a shameful deception.  
ITT: Americans that have absorbed way too much Nigel Farage.
What does Mexico do to people who enter Mexico illegally? Does Mexico give them welfare checks and government subsidized housing?
TIL it's facist to care about your own citizens as head of state over illegal aliens and criminals.
[deleted]
We need all of reddit to be terminated 
The impact of illegal immigration on black americans needs to be taken more seriously. 

I don't support relegating black americans to just low-skilled, low-wage work, but lets look at history. We're the most marginalized and underemployed demographic consistently in the face of white-supremacy/racism and now we have to deal with people who shouldn't even be here???

A few decades ago, all these blue collar jobs and service jobs were done by minority CITIZENS/LEGAL RESIDENTS who were mostly black/african american. Now they're mostly hispanic and many of them are illegal.

Most illegal immigrants are working...these jobs are coming from SOMEWHERE.

The GOP and conservative media can't keep shitting on black people and ignore the fact that jobs that would help to elevate this neglected community are right in our faces if we had a more fierce stance to helping OUR citizens first, many of whom are black. 
Except he didn't. He just compared the similar logistics of it to his plan... 
What? seriously who believes in this guy? blaming immigrants on US problems is a Simpsons level of thought solution. That is not going to solve anything. 

Do you have any idea, how much money does the U.S. owes to china? 

If we are doing Simpsons solutions at this point we should just burn the country and claim the insurance money. 
Misleading title. 
IS mexican a race?  (No, no, no I don't support his crazy ideas, it just seems we slosh around the racist and sexist labels so easily these days).
God it must suck to be Matt Taibbi and have your talent tarnished by being published in the same POS as every other contributor at RS. 

Rolling Stone jumped the shark before the Fonz literally jumped the shark. 


Okay, that is the Rolling Stone take on it.   Actually it was a very well-done operation.  CS Monitor has another take on it:

&gt;when newly elected Dwight Eisenhower moved into the White House, America's southern frontier was as porous as a spaghetti sieve. As many as 3 million illegal migrants had walked and waded northward over a period of several years for jobs in California, Arizona, Texas, and points beyond.

&gt; President Eisenhower cut off this illegal traffic. He did it quickly and decisively with only 1,075 United States Border Patrol agents – less than one-tenth of today's force. The operation is still highly praised among veterans of the Border Patrol.  

Ike was very concerned with the corruption at every level such illegal entry  of cheap labor had upon all strata of society.  He wrote Senator Fulbright, the Democrat who was a advocate for higher ethics in government and enclosed a New Your Times article.  It read:

&gt;"The rise in illegal border-crossing by Mexican 'wetbacks' to a current rate of more than 1,000,000 cases a year has been accompanied by a curious relaxation in ethical standards extending all the way from the farmer-exploiters of this contraband labor to the highest levels of the Federal Government."

That's right, the illegal exodus today includes VERY exploitative labor practices, something no one should excuse.   Ike a man of the highest ethical integrity, and a man of action went to work.  

See http://www.csmonitor.com/2006/0706/p09s01-coop.html
     
I work in movies. Never seen an immigrant take a job. Next.
Open borders means more undocumented Democrat voters.
Does anyone care the term "wetback" is a universal term for people that cross rivers (borders) illegally, and that Mexico used that term first against us as justification to invade Texas?  

Yes, no?
Liberals cite laws that favor their world view and dismiss those that don't. Here's an example, currently if you're born in the US, you're automatically a citizen via the constitution. However, if you come here without going through the proper channels, you're here illicitly and the penalty is deportation. Liberals refuse to hold up the second law but love the first.

 Nationality Act Section 237 (a)(1)(B) which says: "Any alien who is present in the United States in violation of this Act or any other law of the United States is deportable." 
Pretty much the only thing keeping Trump straddling the thin boundary between hysterical bourgeois populism and outright fascism is the fact that he has not yet said "the root of all historical conflict is racial tension." 
Alright, alright. The fun's over. He was entertaining for a while with his goofy hair and fat lips, and such. But, maybe we just pull the plug on 'The Donald' now?
I support Trump and Eisenhowers immigration policies. 
Allow me to translate every leftist story like this: democrats care more about political power than they care about American workers. How unions still support this joke of a political party just shows you how corrupt union bosses are.
Welcome to Reddit where removing illegal immigrants is racist
This Trump thing is starting to move from entertaining to scary.
all hail president trump
I've heard latinos refer to other latinos as MOJADOS, i.e wetbacks
I'm going to guess Operation Wetback is the name given by Rolling Stone.
They aren't even trying to hide it anymore. 

Anti facts, racist, pro tax break for only the top 1%, complete deregulation that hurts consumers, corporate welfare and stupid out-dated social policies that attack minorities and women. 

I'm not even a fan of Clinton, but wow the GOP has lost its way. They're a total clown show at the moment :/
i want to move to canada.... really badly....
Yes lets just take the do nothing approach to solving immigration issues.  Deport them all I say.
Go Trump! 
Rolling stone publishes yet another stunningly accurately verified article! Hey, how is the UVA rape case going? Wait what? The frat you guys smeared is actually suing yall? 
The butthurt on reddit would be so real if he won. I'm gonna vote for trump, fuck all yall.
  Tea Party types have decided to weigh in on this...too bad that most of them haven't a clue about the average immigrant.   They focus on the Southern Border because it plays well to the lo-fo of the GOP.   Having a few Hispanic GOPer voices does not a majority make, but they squawk like they are the majority.  
It's not Trump who is dangerous. It's the Republican party that is dangerous.
&gt;racist

I didn't realize "illegal" was a race
I had always heard the term "wetback" and wondered why it was offensive. TIL.
Someone is just fucking with me right? This is all just one long joke? A year long April Fools prank? Right?
Operation Wetback? Really?
If Trump was smart he'd come up with a plan for keeping the illegals here and simply fine them proportionately to the number of years they haven't paid federal taxes. Better yet,  end the ridiculous entitlements we offer to our citizens.  Sponging Americans cost America far more than illegals. 
Yet Trump isn't racist. Trump supporters how in the world can you dare tell me he isn't racist. Just because he says he isn't?
I can't wait until this douchewaffle loses his support and drops out of the race.  
I am an American citizen. If he gets elected, does that means that I have to carry my papers with me all the time, even when going for a jog around the block? 

Many illegals are Irish or Easter Europeans who came on a tourist VISA and never went back. Will white people have to show their papers too? Or is it just us?  ﻿
I am pretty sure he crossed right over the verge of fascism. 
Where can I find the photo from the thumbnail? 
I imagine Donald Trump wanting to black bag and round up all illegals V For Vendetta style
I'm convinced that Trump is trolling at this point.  Look at what his outlandish statements have done - he has other candidates arguing for amnesty to separate themselves from him!
I agree with Trump. We need to deport all these illegal scum and make America Great again.
Here on DACA, this is terrifying. 
this is a good idea we should send them all back.  i am glad trump is looking out for us
I will willingly sign up to remove the illegal aliens from this nation without pay. Hell I will bring my own firearms. 

Honestly I cannot wait until president trump takes his oath of office and we return this nation to greatness once again.

Stop cutting in line. Do it fairly and stop making a mockery of all those who work hard to come here legally. 

It is time to build the wall and get the illegals out of here. 



[deleted]
"Never let the facts get in the way of a good soundbite." --Donald Trump
The right isn't anti-immigrant.  They are pro-slavery.  11 million workers being scared into submission by important-looking men at the podium threatening them with deportation and incarceration.  What is really being said is- Americas disgusting corporate meat and agricultural industries are especially profitable when their workers work for less than minimum wage with no benefits and no overtime, no laws governing how many hours they can be worked, and no chance of standing up for even their most basic of human rights- because if they do, it's off to whatever second or third world country they came from... countries who's economies and even governments have been tanked and sabotaged by American foriegn policy, trade agreements, corporate subsidies, and wars.    Slavery is alive and well today.. "illegal" workers, manditory minimum sentences in for-profit prisons, manufacturing in countries without worker's rights...  It's all about those next quarter gains- automate everything you can, and find a way to get slaves to do the rest- it's the American way these days.  
I honestly laughed when I saw this because I thought it was an OnionNews article. Now I'm just sad.
I truly do not believe that trump intends to win the general election. He is on record as having said that he loves the Clinton's and that they are good for his business. The clintons have done more to benefit the 1% with working class support than even the Bushes.

Trump's business dealings would not benefit more from his own presidency than from Hillary's; his own would remove him from said dealings for four years, during which he would face constant ridicule, either from the right  for not delivering on his campaign promises, or from every reasonable person for doing so. Would he deliver on his promises, his business would surely suffer, both from the obvious standpoint of public opinion, but also due to the fact that his businesses, like many, benefit from hiring undocumented workers.

Trump's racist vitriol may be better explained as a way of rallying the insane far right, believing, as the Donald himself pointed out in People magazine long ago, whatever Fox News tells them to believe, while simultaneously ensuring that the GOP totally alienates the enormous Hispanic voting bloc.

Trump has continued to support the idea that Hillary is the only serious democratic candidate, deriding Bernie at every turn, because Sanders is bad for his business. Trump wants a general election between himself and Hillary. I suspect that if Hillary fails to beat the Bern in primaries, Trump will drop out of his own race, standing no chance in a general election.  Possibly the only GOP candidate who could beat Bernie is the despicable Rand Paul, though he might not be much more to Trump's liking.

if you are here illegally, you have broken the law. Your mental gymnastics are irrelevant. You are illegal, GTFO and get to the back of the line, you are have no more right to come here because you can walk your ass across a river. 

dont let the door hit you on the way out you worthless brown fucks
[deleted]
As the years go by and the promise of these "pacts" come and go I think the approach advocated by Bill Gates is very obviously the only way forward. Without energy innovations to improve cost and efficiency there will continue to be a severe lack of political willpower to accomplish anything of substance. We want India to commit to emissions targets but what do we suggest they tell the hundreds of millions of people living in dire poverty while we drive around in SUVs? We need real technological solutions not just pacts and targets. The US spends only $5 billion on clean energy research annually - less fucking money than Americans spend on Halloween costumes and candy every year – but it’s still more than any country in the world, and the GOP is still working their ass off to defund NASA’s earth sciences department. It’s a fucking disgrace. We should be treating this like we’re mobilizing for war but instead it’s an afterthought line item on the federal budget.
Renewable energy has all the benefits that oil does not have, if we can figure out how to utilize it.

Just imagine what world politics would be like if oil wasn't such a precious commodity. We wouldn't have to rely on the middle east for affordable energy. Hell, nobody would have to rely on the middle east for oil. Many of those countries would lose a lot of power and influence within a generation. 
What we need is transmission lines run out to the emptier parts of the country. Then? There's all kinds of technologies that might be competitive. My favorite is solar-updraft towers.



https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Solar_updraft_tower

All we really need is reliable, fast, long term storage...combined with an updated grid. At that point we can build solar, hydro, and wind power in locations where they are optimized, before sending that power to storage nodes in the system.
While it's certainly good news, it's a drop in the bucket compared to where China has already gone.  The U.S. is behind the eight ball thanks to energy and financial industry-fueled political corruption in the nation.
I consider Thorium MSR nuclear to be a relatively clean energy.  Let's get moving on that.
Meanwhile, Australia is bragging about [not signing the fossil fuel missive](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2015-11-30/australia-won't-sign-fossil-fuel-deal-at-paris-talks/6988380) because it will cost intensive industries too much. To put that into perspective, mining and oil companies were subsidized [$4 Billion dollars just for exploration](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2014-11-11/coal-oil-and-gas-companies-receive-4-billion-dollar-in-subsidie/5881814), while the centerpiece of our climate change policy - the Emissions Reduction Fund, recieved only [$300 million for the last financial year](http://www.aph.gov.au/About_Parliament/Parliamentary_Departments/Parliamentary_Library/pubs/rp/BudgetReview201415/Emissions)
If we move toward clean energy, how is the Bush family supposed to make a living? 
I really hope Bill Gates implements some oversight into this investment. It broke my heart to hear how Mark Zuckerberg invested a ton of money into education and the majority of it was wasted due to terrible management. 
We need investments in clean energy infrastructure rather than more investments in research.  Seriously.  Why aren't fully electric cars a thing yet outside of Tesla?  If not electro, then one of the other many alternatives we have already invented.  For fucks sake. 


Now is the time for change, not research.
This is good news but it's still not enough.  Why can the US spend TRILLIONS of dollars on bank bailouts, but not spend that kind of amount on clean energy?  Climate change is a much larger threat than the collapse of a few big banks.  We need an Apollo program for clean energy.  The stakes are higher than they have ever been in all of history.  Climate change is a life and death issue for the entire planet.  We need to spend as much as we possibly can to solve this problem.
[I found a picture of it](http://blog.luz.vc/wp-content/uploads/2013/01/the-matrix.gif)
I have an idea for clean energy, its pretty revolutionary.  Wait for it.... Wait for it.... Nuclear. BOOM 

Edit: no bomb pun intended
He needs to setup a huge trust fund for R&amp;D. This money will disappear.
This is how we need to do things. During the renaissance, people with only a small amount of wealth compared to today's billionaires ushered in a revolution of science and culture. If every billionaire was willing to invest their money in bettering society, we could make so much progress.
Privatize energy production with some government oversight. The grid remains public. Subsidize the cost for green energy providers.
Agreed, that's exactly the situation. Unfortunately that's pretty much what people thought back then when they built schools, libraries, and universities. How generous and benevolent these fine statesmen are. I guess the only possible difference might be that there's other corps and wealthy people directly opposing this effort.
Nikola Tesla called, he wants his idea back
\#Gates2020
Hopefully it will involve heavy investment in nuclear reactor technology to replace all our coal plants
Gates has been sitting on mass marketable cold fusion for a decade.  Time to unveil...
I wish our presidents would do things like this earlier in their terms. I feel like when its this close to the end they are just looking for brownie points.
We went from humans being the main power source to enslaving carbon and now you have to be investing in lab-grown meat, because we all know people aren't going to announce they're going to do the same.
Seriously, what would help would be battery storage.  I can put some solar panels on my house and only cover like a third (more probably needed in winter) of my roof and make enough electricity for my house to run off of all day.  If storage wasn't so hard/expensive/ etc. that would be a great option.  It almost makes sense now, but not quite yet.

Next step solar heating (solar thermal water and radiant heat would be awesome and still not too hard to obtain).


K
Look at that Obama's already endorsing Clinton...
 If Mr. Windows can do as much for clean energy as he did for the cell phone and tablet we'll be burning wood.
[deleted]
Wealthy people who got their money through shady dealings now trying to pretend they give a crap.
I've never understood the idea of announcing that you just spent/are going to spend a bunch of money. 


...good for you? Where are the results?
about 10 years too late.
Thanks obama
It blows my mind that it takes 5 years to increase funding from $5bn to $10bn on clean energy investment and our military budget for 2015 is close to $610bn.
[deleted]
Could we please, for the love of god, stop announcing that someone is going to announce they're going to do something about something?  JUST DO IT.
Meanwhile, the oceans die
Obama: "The US will clean itself by sending all Jobs to China and India, right boss?"

Bill Gates: "That's right, and no more H1-B caps!"
Funny how liberals support corporatism without even realizing it. 
The best thing the governments of the world can do is research clean energy and make the patents free to anyone who can build it.

Patents are what make prices high and limit competition. What will happen is the corporations the government partner with will get the patent and the government will get the bill.
I don't know about you guys, but I sure do trust the private sector to save us from climate change.
Here's what we need:  Some billionaire should just fund a news network that doesn't pay attention to viewership or ads.  He gives them money once, sets up a foundation with guiding principles of neutrality and journalistic integrity, and then fucks off.  

That way the american public can get their news from unbiased sources.  
I'm hoping to see some nuclear to come out of this.
this will fund lots of meetings and conferences of what could have been done!
Whatever they discover will not be better than what we have now and it won't be long before we are taxed heavily for it. For the air we breath and for the power we consume. 

We went from humans being the main power source to enslaving carbon and now we're headed back into human slavery. Debt slaves for the sake of clean energy. 

I can't help but not trust the solutions that will be produced from billionaires and government. The majority of people always end up getting shafted by the few of the decision makers. 
Water=taxed 
Power=taxed
Food=taxed  
And when I mean taxed I mean this is what you'll be working for you'll be renting a house not owning. You rent land you won't own it etc 
This might seem extreme but over time you'll see that eventually something similar will happen. 
My guess is that their respective teams are trying to craft a Louis C.K. style "Of course, but maybe..."  
Sympathy is all they really need to express.
Ted Cruz has tweeted his sympathies. So that's 1/14. Meanwhile Trump is busy insisting he didn't mean to mock a  man's disabilities and Ben Carson is in Jordan trying to learn how to act like he has a basic grasp on international issues.
Some sitting republicans have already started to blame PP for the shooting.
Well lets maybe give it...I dont know a day?
Why would they?

&gt;Vicki Cowart, president and CEO of Planned Parenthood Rocky Mountains, said she did not believe the center had been specifically targeted.

ThinkProgress isn't one to abide by the 24 hour rule.  Lot of really uninformed comments here.
Perhaps it is best that politicians do not begin bloviating over a situation where no one has any clue what is going on!

Every other news story (across the spectrum of the media) are contradicting each other! Some say he was in PP, others say not, others say they do not know. Some say he was but can not say that PP was targeted, still others say he attempted to rob a bank next door.

Can we let the blood dry and bodies cool - or maybe allow the families to grieve instead of using this as a political punching bag?

Has anyone ever thought that just maybe it's this hate, anger, and division in our society that is driving people to lash out in horrible ways?
I like how it is 'gunman went on a shooting rampage' and not 'militant Christian extremist carried out a terror attack'... 
Title says none. First sentence says only two. I fucking hate the media.
 Muslim terrorists bad, Christian terrorists good.
What does Ja Rule think? 
So if this guy turns out to be a Christian extremist can we call it terrorism? 
I remember when Conservatives and Fox News were spitting feathers about Obama not referring to the Benghazi attack as terrorism (even though he did), does anyone know how many congressional Republicans have called *this* terrorism yet? Have Fox News?
I just saw a Huckabee Facebook post offering his thoughts and prayers for the police officer that was killed.  That's it.  Not the other two people killed and their families - just the Christian Cop.  That's about right for a supporter of an incestual pedophile who has an animal abusing son. 
The gop isn't bothered about people being killed, they're only interested in conception to birth, after that you're on your own
Seeing as they probably helped cause it with their criminally negligent spread of false information. Doubt they have much to say about it.
At least [one of them](https://www.tedcruz.org/news/troy-newman-activist-behind-planned-parenthood-videos-endorses-ted-cruz/) is pleased to be supported by somebody who incites exactly this type of terrorism.
Isn't it a good thing that they are waiting for all the information before making a judgment? I thought that would be something we would want.
Ted Cruz did but I think it was after the fact. It'd be smart for them to actually back up their "pro-life" cred by at least showing a bit of sympathy. I mean life was lost....
Conservatives don't do enough to condemn right wing terrorism!!!
&gt;President Obama has also not issued a formal statement

They didn't mention that in the title,  wonder why?..
*GASP!!!*  You mean they're not jumping to conclusions based on fragmentary news reporting?  *Will someone stop the madness???!!*
&gt;OMG PEOPLE AND TV SHOWS NEEED TO STOP TALKING ABOUT THE SHOOTERS!!!               
.....           
&gt;OMG WHY ISNT ANYONE SAYING ANYTHING ABOUT THE SHOOTER?!?!?!?!          



reddit

Well duh! Part of creating an atmosphere of ignorant intolerance is NOT apologizing for the atmosphere of ignorant intolerance!
Partly tacit approval (Cruz, Huckabee, Santorum), and partly not wanting to offend the extremist conservative base that *does* approve of this kind of terrorism.
Well, it probably wouldn't help their campaigns to congratulate the shooter, and any condemnation of it would basically be flip-flopping.
I love the somewhat lamenting update at the very bottom of the article about how Ted Cruz issued a response this morning
Nope. The fanatical thinking of a sector of the right had nothing to do with this. Not at all.

This was a lone wolf gone rogue. It's just that we've had a lot of these lately.
I expected the news of the shooting in a Planned Parenthood to be followed  by a voice over saying "the Republican party approves the message".. 
A portion of their base probably supports killing people who provide abortions.
It wouldn't fit their narrative.
Poor Jim Gilmore, he must *hate* it when he reads that there's only 14 GOP candidates still running. Seeing that number a lot, too. I know he doesn't get invited to debates anymore, but he's still hanging in there. Seems a bit rude to shove him out of counts like that. The man was a governor of Virginia, he's not a nobody. Well, he's not a total nobody. 
there are plenty of things that the candidates have actually said that we could get upset about, why do we need to be upset about what they haven't said?
What the fuck you want then to say? I'll rather not politicize de situation a la Obama gun control agenda.
Their base is roaring praise for the shooter on Twitter. I'm sure the candidates aren't much better. If you want proof it's all over the news with direct links to the accounts.
"Don't give shooters attention, it creates more shooters."

"No one is talking about the shooters!"
Oh my god, calm down. Isn't it good not to make snap-reactions like this? Let's get some rationality back in politics rather than these immediate decisions made on a whim.
GOP loves cop killers and terrorist as long as they attack domestic medical facilities and health care workers.
It's almost as if by not tweeting about it, they're killing those innocent people themselves.

/s

Y'all should tone down the circlejerk. This is ridiculous. Rename this subreddit r/berniesanders or r/liberalpolitics because that's all it is.
The GOP and their base scare me a fuck alot more than Syrian refugees.
Surprisingly quiet on social media as well... Atleast on my feeds.
GOP candidates are too busy sucking rich cock for money
well what are they gonna do?

the primaries are to excite the party faithful - the true believers - the extremists

there are extremist members of the Republican party who believe all abortion should be stopped by any means necessary

the candidates fear, because no politician is all that bright, backlash from the extremists if the suggest shooting people who go against the word of God (as translated by the Republican party) isn't a good thing.

 
Guys, whether or not you *think* politicians should comment or talk about these kinds of events is irrelevant. They all have in the past, and they all will continue to do so in the future.

It is perfectly reasonable to bring up their silence this time around. 

For the record, [Ted Cruz has Tweeted about it.](https://twitter.com/tedcruz/status/670621554095493122)
So?
Because they secretly support it?
Come on it's not a problem the shooter wasn't a Muslim 
That's because they don't want to point out the shooter self-identified as [female](http://www.coloradovoters.info/by_number/6010/10372_robert_lewis_dear.html) .

[edit] Well that's interesting. the page from the Colorado voter site is gone -suddenly- on a Saturday night...? [Here's another](http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/wp-content/uploads/dear-female.jpg)
Spinning takes time.
Why should they? 

It only gives credence to the shooter. A pathetic idiot who deserves no attention and no acknowledgement 
Yes, yes! Feed the anti-conservative circlejerk of reddit
r/conservative has discovered he's a transgendered woman....somehow.
You weren't outraged fast enough!!! You weren't paying attention as intensely as ME!?!! HOW DARE THEY!!! 
Nor the "good guy with a gun" that shot a waitress when he was ask to not smoke in the restaurant.  

This is their base.  They can't speak out against them.
Call me a contrarian but I find it disconcerting that our politicians are EXPECTED to try to flip this kind of horrifying shit into political capital.
The GOP presidential candidates don't need to say anything.  They're the ones who incite this kind of violence.
This has been happening for how many people have been shot in the title, wonder why?..
Chris Christie has.
As long as we're all clear on one thing: GUN VIOLENCE IS NOT THE PROBLEM!
 Not saying anything...what messenge is this giving out?
They also seem to be a Christian extremist can we call it terrorism.
Domestic terrorism -- if that's what this is -- shouldn't be exploited by either sides. Terrorism and mass shootings bring the worst out of politicians. 
Yeah
Some say he was a lone wolf gone rogue.
"hey...stuff happens"

Jeb Bush
Well, this did happen in Colorado Springs, so there's a good thing that they grow and learn, and hence minds get changed.
Edit I'm not making a statement that none of their reasons owning to guns making their jobs more dangerous.
Why should they have to?
No shit, they don't want to be mentioned in the same sentence as this. It doesn't fit the narrative they are trying to push.  
"...good..."

-Carly Fiorina
Part of me thinks they shouldn't legitimize the attacker by acknowledging it, part of me wants them to condemn domestic terrorism. I don't know.
Ha, love all these posts derping about waiting for the facts, as if any of these candidates have ever cared about the facts in the first place. If they did they wouldn't have went on and on about how PP was illegally selling fetal tissue when multiple investigations have found no evidence of any wrongdoing.

Well, here are some facts:

His [ex-wife](http://www.nytimes.com/2015/11/29/us/ex-wife-recalls-colorado-gunman-as-imperfect-but-a-good-man.html?_r=0) said, “He believed wholeheartedly in the Bible. That’s what he always said, he read it cover to cover to cover.”

An [official](https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/no-more-baby-parts-suspect-in-attack-at-colo-planned-parenthood-clinic-told-official/2015/11/28/e842b2cc-961e-11e5-8aa0-5d0946560a97_story.html) said that he used the phrase "no more baby parts" and mentioned President Obama in several statements and that the attacks are "definitely politically motivated."

The [mayor](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/f0dc1a1a7d4a4fa98d19e01a87902166/latest-police-id-clinic-gunman-robert-lewis-dear) of Colorado Springs also said that people can make "inferences from where it took place."

According to his [neighbor](http://www.buzzfeed.com/aliciamelvillesmith/heres-what-we-know-about-planned-parenthood-suspect#.hb68WzOQZ), Dear handed out anti-Obama pamphlets and believed that "Obama was ruining the country and needed to be impeached."

They have run their mouths with far less evidence to go on than this, so again, why the silence?
Why is O'Keefe not in jail?
In the general election, a question will be asked involving this shooting or it will be brought up by either Hillary or Bernie during a debate. It will be brought up that they didn't condemn it as radicalism, which it is.

They need to understand that murder is murder. If you want to be pro-life and disdain abortion, I respect that, but you need to be COMPLETELY PRO LIFE. You cannot want to protect every fetus, but not care about it after it comes out of the womb. They are not pro-life, they are pro-birth and until they condemn this man for his radical viewpoints that led to the murder of civilians AND police alike, they have no respect from me.
Aaand that's politics!
What would they say? Sorry we were busy bleaching our white hoods?
Why should they?  If it is like any other tragedy the politician will comes out and say how awful it is and how they will make sure this never happens again.  And all is forgotten in a week. 
"Our opponents are not engaging in the same shameless douchebaggery as us, so they are bad." 
So?
The day after Thanksgiving without all the information available. Those monsters. What does Obama have to say about this? Oh right he hasn't said shit either.
Yeah, you know those damn Republicans! Probably waiting for the facts to come out before speculating and looking stupid.
None of the Democrats running for President comment on the 14 black people killed in Chicago this weekend...

no one cares...
Thy aren't getting into office anyway, so fuck 'em.
Considering we don't know the motives of the shooter yet, this is probably a good idea.  "Don't open your mouth until your know what the shot is"
Why won't conservatives call out Christian terrorism when they see it?  They seem all bent out of shape that Obama won't call anything "Islamic terrorism".

Oh, that's right....they're giant oozing hypocrites.
Probably because the shooter wasn't deliberately targeting abortionist? Yeah, just a guess.

Question, please don't downvote me.

I'm hearing reports that the shooting did not start out at PP but started at a bank. It then moved to PP. Can this be confirmed or denied?
Why are no white Christian leaders condemning this act of terrorism? WHERE'S THE LEADERSHIP! ?!?
When will these moderate Christians condemn the violent extremists hiding out among them???
They can't stop talking bullshit but are silent when stuff gets real.
I love the posts on its too soon or we don't know the motives of the shooter. Wish we showed this level of coolheadedness when the suspect doesn't have white skin.
[deleted]
Why should they?
Think progress is not a news source. It is literally a second voice coming out of the whitehouse. If this sub wants to at least seem not 100% liberal, they need to start using better websites. 
Why would they? They need to the pro-woman-slavery aka pro-life vote and PP is the great Satan.

I see no reason why they should. Besides, nobody rational is looking to them for answers anyways.
They are to busy cheering like they did for 9/11.
"Don't give shooters publicity by talking about them!"

"Why aren't you talking about the shooters?!?!"


Why should they respond?
You mean some people don't immediately spout caustic self-serving conjecture about tragedies as they unfold?

That's a goddamn disgrace. I'm indignant. In fact, if it'll get me voted up, I might even say that I'm outraged.
This pisses me off. Both the media and the politicians on the right demonizing PP need to be held accountable.
They'd find it too hard to contain their joy...
Of course not, they all think murdering people at a PP is justifiable.
If only they were as brave and strong as the Dems to tweet about it with a hashtag.
"This wouldn't have happened if people had more guns. These sickos, they like to go to gun-free zones and shoot everyone up, it's sick. Trump won't allow that, we would have such few shootings you wouldn't believe it. It would make your head spin. We're gonna build a wall, it's gonna be YHUUGE"

- Donald J Trump, addressing a rally in IOWA
You bet they'd have shit to say within 10 minutes if a Muslim refugee attacked some Christian equivalent. 
I wonder why republicans won't comment? Could it be because...  

Anti abortion ☑️  

Gun violence ☑️  

Christian terrorist ☑️  

This guy was essentially the very essence of the republican base. They know they'll get grilled if they mention it. It's like the Gabby Giffords shooting all over again. Palin put up maps with crosshairs over people (including Giffords), talk about rising up and taking action, then when some unstable nut that was listening decides to mass murder people they all act like they have no idea what could have motivated him to do it and try to distance themselves, while silently taking down the maps with the crosshairs, but they know exactly what they're doing and it will happen again.  

People's political memory isn't as short as it used to be. We have the Internet and can document who did what and when. These things repeat. You don't believe me? Tag this with a reminder and 16 months if a republican is president we'll have had another major politically motivated Christian mass murder and the party line being spewed will be "Support Our President" and "You're un-American". Again. Just like 8 years ago. 
lmao why should they

fuck that site
Anything a politician, on any side of this issue, says should be viewed with disdain. A politician whether they respond or not will be attacked so why say anything.
Well if they called the shooter out they could alienate a significant part of their base. Can't just give up on the domestic terrorist vote.
Why should they? It was just another lone nut who had nothing to do with any of them.
This is not the terrorist attack the GOP was hoping for.
We don't know the motivation of the 2nd amendment.
Why would they or anyone for that matter respond of comment on this event when there are very little facts knows as of this moment. Including the fact that there is NO clear motive yet known. 
Couldn't be because they're all too cowardly to speak out against actual terrorism in the USA, could it?
I suspect we'll hear from most or all Republican candidates on this issue eventually, but those responses will all be religious, and none of them will support women's rights.
I really hate this meme of "Something terrible has happened... Why has PUBLIC PERSON X not come out and condemned it!?!"

Like, seriously how the fuck do we benefit from condemnations? Can we actually solve these problems instead of trying to give everyone a report card on their stoic yet emotional press statements?
The US didn't do any radical changes or overhauls to the gun system when Sandy Hook took place so nothing will change here. If 20 dead children in school isn't enough to force changes to the system then this latest shooting will be no different. There will be some noise for about a week about how this discussion shouldn't be had at this time since it's not appropriate, but trust us guys we will totally talk about it this time. Then Trump will come out and say something mindbogglingly offensive like women belong on their backs and in the kitchen, and everyone will forget about this. This has been happening for how many years now? 20 or so? Still nothing.
this article is toxic media bullshit. dont spread it.
It's because they are not jumping to conclusions like the media tends to do and waiting for the official story/investigation before making a educated response to the shooting. It's called being patient and it tends to pay off and keeps you from having to backtrack later.
I'm sure a YouTube video is actually at fault for this.
Why should we? Judging by what Coloradans did to James Holmes (gave him life instead of death), this guy just got a life of free pussy, drugs, and fan letters. No one cares about shootings in Colorado anymore. We lost respect for them when they let a guy who shot kids in a movie theater get off scott free.
[deleted]
Aren't we the same liberals who say that Muslims don't have to apologize when there's a ridiculous Muslim shooting?  Come on...
So Think Progress is now recommending we get upset over *literally* nothing?
Something that happened less than 24 hours ago? The blood on the ground isn't even dry and thinkprogress is upset Republicans aren't politicizing a tragedy?
Until something definitive is known why would they?
The shooter wasn't black or brown, that's why. 
I just wish ted cruz would buck up and finally say "THANK GOD FOR CHRISTIAN TERRORISTS!!!!"
More people should be talking about how [PP facilities are gun free zones](https://www.plannedparenthood.org/planned-parenthood-northern-new-england/for-patients/policies/weapons-free-facilities-policy)
Maybe they're just waiting for facts to come out before jumping to conclusions? I don't know, that seems like a reasonable position.
what are they going to say,  "shootings are bad"?

do you retards really need someone to tell you that
Fucking cowereds, they seed messages of hate towards an organization like Planed Parenthood and when someone takes action based on their lies they have nothing to say. Disgraceful.
I wish I could up vote this more.
LOL @ "Planned Parenthood" shooting.  
How many Democrats talk about black gang violence? Any of them talking about the 9 year old boy who was just murdered because his dad owed a gang member money? Maybe you should ask Obama or Clinton that?
Maybe because they don't want to turn a tragedy into a political opportunity?
None of the democrats talk about their inner city crime.
It shouldn't be controversial to publicly condemn a man walking into a healthcare facility and shooting three people. This is domestic terrorism. If this happened on Wall Street instead of at Planned Parenthood, you can bet your ass they'd be outraged.
This is why they do not respond. Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio and Jeb Bush attended a campaign event set up by a hyper conservative preacher called Troy Newman a couple of weeks ago trying to get his support behind their campaign. In that speech Troy Newman said:

"When moms, dads, abortionists are added together, well over 100,000,000 people bear personal bloodguilt for at least one abortion. The doctrine of community bloodguilt found in Scripture further implicates the entire nation. The perpetrators are far too numerous and the bloodguilt has spread too far. We deserve God’s judgment. In addition to our personal guilt in abortion, the United States government has abrogated its responsibility to properly deal with the blood-guilty. This responsibility rightly involves executing convicted murderers, including abortionists, for their crimes in order to expunge bloodguilt from the land and people. Instead, the act of abortion has been elevated to a “God-given right” and the abortionists canonized as saints. Consequently, the entire nation has the blood-red stain of the lives of the innocent upon its head."
    
Ted Cruz said about Troy Newmans support “I am grateful to receive the endorsement of Troy Newman,” Cruz said. “He has served as a voice for the unborn for over 25 years, and works tirelessly every day for the pro-life cause. We need leaders like Troy Newman in this country who will stand up for those who do not have a voice.

Ted Cruz is very proud of the support from a man who advocates violence like we saw in Colorado Springs yesterday. They do not respond because they approve. 
Sure they have.  They've been masturbating to it.
The GOP's "crickets" on this tragedy comes from the blood of the innocent they're all wearing.
Of course not, they probably orchestrated it. 

They all agreed to be silent on the shooting just in case they accidentally revealed some info that they shouldn't have . . . or in case one of them slipped up and made a comment before it actually happened. 
I think people want a tweet that acknowledges the attack and expresses sympathy for the atmosphere of ignorant intolerance is NOT apologizing for the atmosphere of ignorant intolerance!
Well, we already know what Jeb thinks about shootings. "Stuff happens." 
He appears to be a controversy.
I find this far less disturbing, even as a "libertarian," than Bernie not getting due time to debate Hillary on all the issues she'd waffle on for a vote and/or a buck.
We aren't Australia we have gun enthusiasts, it's that our gun enthusiasts tend to be a controversy.
This doesn't seem surprising given that some of these candidates are pandering to the extreme right social conservatives. In an ideal (or at least my version of ideal) world, presidential candidates would act presidential and lead rather than follow/pander. But, as it exists these candidates want votes, and thus they cannot offend the base of voters that love guns, hate abortion, and despise Planned Parenthood. Since votes matter more than anything else in the known universe to a politician running for office, the GOP candidates are probably working on crafting a carefully worded statement and then running that statement through focus groups that represent their base. 

In sum, not distancing and/or offending their base means more to these candidates than acting presidential.
The religion of peace strikes again.
Even if your post is accurate, that's a terrible thing to say something every time they do this we have gun enthusiasts, it's that our gun enthusiasts tend to be supported by somebody who incites exactly this type of terrorism.
Must mean they are for it. /s
No surprise there.
And not one of you have expressed condolences.  Just fuck republicans, right?  Fucking shameful.
Because there's a good point.
If it turns out to be trying not to make a statement about the situation but they are Muslim Terrorists.
Why would they? They have no problem with fanatic terrorism when it's their religion.
So the priority is another shooting and bitch about the GOP. Almost positive the media has said all that could be said. But we have the FBI which warned us about the shooting months ago so I guess that's nice. 
This just happened. I don't blame the candidates to wait for more information to be released.
Why should they before knowing the facts? Do you need to be reminded of the "beer summit"?
Ted Cruz made a comment on his Facebook page about it
I blame global warming for this shooting. Maybe they made an offensive drawing or an offensive movie that caused it? Could be workplace violence? 
Cmon how about r/politics recognizes Ted Cruz.  He's the only one that sent out prayers though...
You'll get skewered in the USA, could it?
You are absolutely right - nobody should be a terrorist because Christians can't be terrorists.
Ted Cruz had ...
Jesus-hu Ahkbar
It was a single shooting incident with 3 victims. These things happen almost daily. The media likes to pick and choose the ones which fit a narrative. 
Because they approve!
Does anyone think that anyone will applaud this event? 

I believe the left, in their own way,  would like this shooting so as to promote and highlight their agendas. Remember,  never let a serious crisis go to waste. It was a Democrat put that bit of stupidity out into the world. 

Did any candidates, Republican or Democrat, respond to the targeted murder in Chicago of a black 9 year old black boy by blacks? Did black lives matter respond to that murder? 

Immediately the Democratic leaders jump on gun control ... except on Chicago's Southside. 

So immediately this shooting will be politicalized and the left will be, in their minds, be jumping up and down for joy. 

What evil people will do to promote a political agenda.
 Obama's blame obsession is rippling through the country - as both parties blame each other for killers out there killing.


When all the while Obama is releasing thousands and empowering them all.
Well, everything the GOP has said about PP is the reason these things happen.  They have to rewrite all their PP rhetoric now that moderates are listening.
Dude is a transvestite from what I hear, seems to be a real liberal. 
To the people saying the GOP "encourages" this, just know that the shooter is NOT a Republican and identifies as a woman on her voter registration form. In other words, the shooting was committed by a trans female. http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2015/11/court-records-colorado-planned-parenthood-shooter-not-republican-identifies-as-woman/
Maybe because they are waiting for the facts to come out before injecting, unlike Barack "the police acted stupidly...if I had a son" Obama.
[deleted]
Why would they?  Doesn't fit the narrative. 
So weird, they might actually be waiting for a shred of evidence or any facts to be released.
They need more information before they decide to condemn or support him.
[deleted]
Republicans probably danced with glee.
WHY DOESN'T THE CHRISTIAN COMMUNITY RENOUNCE TERRORISM?


Who of the democratic candidates have responded? 
So what? Is this something that the president should be weighing in on?
They all support it.
Legalize marijuana nation-wide and the DEA will have a lot less to do. 
What about the drug dealers, weapon manufacturers, and private prisons that depends heavily upon illegal weed for a steady stream of profits? They need their money!
The DEA is one of the most abhorrent, disgusting, invasive, insidious, and corrupt inside-government plagues that the USA has to deal with. I hope those people lie awake at night with restless legs and cannot go to sleep. Because the medication they're keeping people from taking, i.e. cannabis, would relieve some people's restless legs, and ain't that a b*tch?
Why not just oust the agency and respect people's rights to do with themselves as they see fit?
How many times has an online petition like this one actually accomplished a tangible result? 
Just get a couple college football teams to stop playing. 
Ooooh a petition
100,000 that's just a drop in the bucket.
Only 100k signed the petition? That's it? That's .03% of the American population. Its roughly the same as the people who voted for the Constitution Party in the 2012 election. 

edit: fixed the decimal error
Ah yes, because the government gives a shit about petitions.
I don't understand how someone so ignorant ever got the position in the first place...
instead of wasting millions on law enforcement to catch drug users and wasting billions keeping them in jail/prison how about we use that money to help these drug addicts while saving lives and BILLIONS?! 

the DEA was created to ruin the lives of Americans (mostly minorities) and its fucking disgusting

#FeelTheBern
[deleted]
Guys, that will never work. Do you have any idea how many people hate police? A petition  signed by those people is going to be worthless.
And... He's not getting fired or resigning. I say collecting signatures is a joke.
Sadly 100,000 people is the same as 100,000 millionaires -_-, they will do fuck all but apologize.
Take out the TSA while we're at it. I hate paying to be frisked.
The DEA does a lot of doped up people driving to their house to get drug policy reform from the roads.
If 100,000 people wanted ME fired from my job I would get fucking fired. 
I understand criminalizing the production and sale of a controlled substance, but criminalizing the possession and use is ridiculous. If we treated the addicts, there could be less demand. Some people actually need help, but what we do is throw them in a brick room and give them free meals and a free bed.
It is not to lose their jobs.
THERE'S A PETITION TO OUST THE DEA CHIEF AND NO ONE TOLD ME?
Maybe people have realized as a whole that it's unfavourable to live in a shitty building, who do you blame?
He would only be replaced with a clone...
The FDA does everything the public thinks the DEA would literally have nothing better to do DRUGS which are BAD MKAY Yeah we have to criminalize the plant to protect us from real dangers not ones they feel like an idiot that I put LSD on the same as the people you're supporting.
people who smoke marijuana aren't people, so those 100,000 non-people don;t count
I smoked marijuana one time.  I really didn't feel anything but I sure could have eaten a 40lb. bag of Oreos.
Beyond that, there's no necessary reason as to why drug purchases at the expense of common sense and efficiency.
im just curious, is this the same guy that that oversaw the cartel funded mega sex parties for the DEA?
Wow, that's 1/3000th of the population. Better get ousting.
This petition thing is the dumbest part of American politics. 
Lets hope the grass is greener on the other side.
I ran into the same problem with Kaiser for my chronic pain. I was told because they operate in states where medical isn't allowed they cannot offer it to their patients where it is. I quit their program and the eight prescriptions they had me on in favor of smoking and my pain management has never been better. Even Dr. Gupta has realized the benefits from this.
More than 100,000 people now have taps on phone lines, and all electronic communications monitored.
the DEA, the government sanctioned mob. The agency that will break constitutional rights because of your medication. People always worry about the NSA but the DEA is the most vile agency of them all.

Big Pharma is behind this. MJ is the one drug that people can create and grow themselves, so big Pharma can't profit off of it.
I signed. It's the only reasonable thing an American can do.
As a California resident, I can concur with the author's assessment that our medical marijuana laws are hysterically lax.  California has effectively legalized marijuana for recreational use, but we basically mask it under the guise of "medicinal marijuana."  Regardless, I'm a firm believer in legalization, so I think California is completely justified in crafting their laws the way that they do.

As long as we're talking about "jokes," I think the fact that marijuana is illegal, but alcohol isn't is a fucking joke!  It's absolutely absurd that the drug was only made illegal after the owner of a yellow-press publication (William Randolf Hearst) used it as a cudgel to keep the hemp industry from competing with paper, and he made up a bunch of lies about how it turned teenagers into a bunch of violent maniacs.  That's a fucking joke for you!  Calling stoners "violent" is about as insane as saying that drinking alcohol helps give race car drivers an unfair advantage.

Enough is enough.
how cute.. people think their voice matters.
Translation = 100,000 stoners online clicked a mouse button

Wow... so powerful, don't piss off internet stoners ya'all!
Hippies.
They replace him every few years anyway. Just wait 
So, did I miss something in basic gov/econ class about the basics of US government branches and roles?

Shouldn't these protesters be pressuring the legislation to change the laws rather than criticizing the executive branch for enforcing existing laws?

I'm not saying the DEA chief isn't a colossal douche bag. I'm sure he is. One pretty much has to be a total fucktard to even attain such a gain rank in the US government in the first place.

But his opinions, while stupid, aren't really relevant to the real issue, which is the shitty legislative body with their restrictions on personal liberty and their unwillingness to listen to science.

All it takes is one bill out of congress with the president's signature to end all this BS.
Why? What will this accomplish? Get a new anti drug zealot that is smarter then the current one? Why would we want that? We aren't going to get drug policy reform from the DEA, no matter who is chief. 
People need to keep things like this in perspective. The US population is 320,000,000.  100,000 is about 1/6th of the population of Denver.  This is an online petition that is mostly going to be noticed by people in favor of marijuana reform

I'm not saying anything about marijuana reform or the DEA.  I'm just saying that for this online petition, 100,000 is either a lot or not very many at all or rather totally meaningless
ITT a one sided discussion by people with a minority view. 
Le Sanders fangays gamed another vote
Alternate title: 100,000 people who think their opinion matters.
He is probably wondering exactly how far he has to go to get out of his troll candidacy....
If I was a candidate, I'd just lie nonstop. Who's going to stop me?  Any moderator or news reporter has a problem with it, he's just being bribed by the liberal media conspiracy. 

* Obama wants to give your jobs to gay ISIS refugees. 

* Being a Christian will be a felony once Sharia law is enacted next month. Start memorizing the Quran or else you'll be fed to actual lions.

* Socialist Democrats are to blame for all the transgender ebola Mexicans. Didn't think there were very many of those? Oh yeah, thousands, and they eat Christian babies.

* Obama is just a few days away from taking your guns, an army of Chinese immigrants are ready to break into your house and take all your guns. He'll sit on a mountain of guns and laugh about it.

* I'm going to cut all taxes by half, and close welfare queen  loopholes. All that extra money and we'll actually add revenue, which I will spend destroying every single terrorist on Earth in my first hundred days, guaranteed. 

Vote for me, the only candidate who isn't secretly a terrorist.
Telling people what they want to hear is, unsurprisingly, a really good way to get political support.

And since we long ago gave up on the idea of media or political accountability, he doesn't even have to face any consequences for his bullshit! It's a win-win!
His audience doesn't care if he's lying or not. They'll listen to anything he says regardless.
If he makes it to the general election, which I don't expect, this mountain of outrageous and nasty lies will come back to haunt him. The other R's don't want to go after him for real, for fear of alienating his supporters, whose votes they themselves will need should they get the nomination. D's don't want to attack him because they know he'll be an easy kill in the general.

When he starts getting faced directly and repeatedly in debates with his ridiculous lies, when they start getting 24/7 airtime in attack ads, he'll implode. His short-sighted strategy of telling more and more outrageous lies to dominate the news cycle is obviously effective in the short term. But it'll make him utterly unelectable* in the general.

\* Don't tell me about hypothetical head-to-head polls today. That's before he has to answer for his lies, so of course he's looking his best now.
Never lie about one thing.  If you lie about one thing, it's easy to construct a counter-argument and demolish your point.  If you lie about everything, it's too much work to dismantle it.  The people who realize you're full of shit won't bother - you won't convince them, but they're not your audience.  The credulous fools will see none of their intellectual betters trying to deconstruct your weird moon logic, and will conclude it must be because they can't, or that it's a matter of opinion, where both sides can be just as right, or something that enables them to reconcile observed with expected reality.
&gt;"Donald Trump is constantly lying: The past week has made it very clear that Donald Trump has zero concern about the truth."

this past week?

was it not apparent when he was on his birther crusade? 
"Donald Trump has zero concern about the truth."

Possibly excluding Rand, isn't this true of all of the Republican candidates?


This is a problem. There **were not** thousands of Americans in New Jersey (or anywhere) cheering when the towers fell. For those of us who are old enough to remember that day clearly, and especially the days afterward, this is blindingly obvious: if there **had** been "thousands of people" in NJ cheering for the WTC collapse, we would have heard about it **endlessly**. Not only that, but we would have heard about hundreds of people driving from all across the US to do some random violence in NJ to get back at them.

There is just **no way** that something like that happened, was reported on television, and then just got forgotten by everyone except Donald Trump (and apparently now Ben Carson). It is **impossible** that something like that happened and was just never mentioned again, in that environment. It couldn't be any more obviously false if he claimed that water is flammable or that there are nine days in the week. It's just so indisputably false on its face that the fact that he's doubling down and still leading the clown primary is just terrifying.

This is some serious 1984-level shit, and I haven't said that since I was a stupid "wake up sheeple!" college freshman (well before 9/11). If Republican voters start claiming that they remember it, too, and Fox News and Brietbart start reporting it as fact, I'm going to be **legitimately afraid**.

WHAT. THE. FUCK. REPUBLICANS???
And one more: "[*Donald Trump's Fact-Free Weekend: The Republican frontrunner claims Muslims in New Jersey cheered 9/11, defended the beating of a black protester, and circulated false and racially-charged crime stats. And that was just since Friday.*](http://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2015/11/donald-trumps-fact-free-weekend/417282/)"

&gt; Trump may be the anti-politician, but he’s savvy enough to know how to play to his base, and his base loves him because he’ll say what others won’t—even if that’s because it just isn’t true.
This may be a measure of how desperate his followers are.  

They are being left behind.  They are becoming a minority.  They don't recognize the world as it is now.  The people who said they would help them by lowing their taxes have instead helped the out of their jobs and their homes.  

They are desperate.  And desperate people are dangerous.
Every Trump supporter I have meant knows nothing about politics and one of them actually had white power on his Facebook wall. 
In other words, the perfect Republican. 
People who remember Trump from before The Apprentice first aired shouldn't be surprised by any of this.
Which republican candidate isn't full of it???
That's only a problem when people take what he says seriously.
It was only made clear this past week!?!
I feel like the more hate he gets, the stronger he becomes. 
Just this past week? Come on...
hes going to keep doing it and we will keep seeing this headline and he will remain in the 20-30 range in the polls. 
Why does this keep surprising people?
The worst part is people believe these lies because they want to believe them and no number of fact checks will convince them otherwise. It's a shame. 

EDIT: a word
If the base that would vote for him cared about the truth they wouldn't be his base.
lHe lies because he knows conservatives want him to lie and say the shit they love to be heard saying. They don't care whether its true or even that everybody knows they are lying.
I am a Democrat and I think Trump is a good guy but, he is not president worthy. The shit that comes out of his mouth is astounding and inaccurate.
I hear Trump just called ISIS a "JV team" but then said not to worry because they are "contained"... is this guy nuts, brain damaged, or the worlds biggest liar? Take your pick!
I'm a conservative, and while I don't particularly love any of the candidates this go around, I absolutely do not want Trump to win.
If so many people are so sure crowds of people rejoiced in New Jersey in tail gate style parties on 9/11 I would sure like them to show me.

Because I was in Newark, NJ on 9/11 and Jersey City, NJ in the days after. And I know what my eyes saw. And it saw fear and grief.
His followers have zero concern for the truth.
True, but good luck telling that to his base. They seem to get reinvigorated each time he comes up with more nonsense.
The latest season of this election's reality show seems really desperate for ratings.
Here's one more article on the subject: "[*The media has no idea how to deal with Donald Trump's constant lying*](http://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2015/11/23/9784766/donald-trump-abc-stephanopoulos)".

&gt; Generally speaking, TV news shouldn't be in the business of making its viewers believe stuff that isn't true. And in any other context, that'd be enough to keep the likes of Trump off the air. But TV news is also in the business of covering leading politicians, particularly ones the polls indicate are likely to get a major party's nomination for the presidency. So not covering Trump feels actively irresponsible. The result is the jumble ABC News presented Sunday, wherein a frustrated interviewer is forced to entertain the candidate's lies and try to rebut them in real time, knowing that defusing each and every falsehood is impossible. It's a mess of a television program. But what else is ABC to do?
And neither do his supporters. So this works out great for both of them.
How soon until people start complaining that WaPo is "too liberal?"
And the more dumb things he says the more publicity he gets, this is exactly what he wants. People should ignore him as a candidate
I'm not even 100% convinced he believes *anything* he's been saying. I think he knows what to say to get his base fired up. It doesn't matter to him if its a lie, racist, xenophobic etc. Whatever he says, good or bad, will get him on all the news channels for weeks, putting all the attention on him. Free coverage. I do believe he wants to be running and its not all a show, but I think some of the vial shit he spews is totally an act, because his supporters eat that shit up like apple pie. Guy knows how to work an audience.
Not sure what's worse, making promises you will never fulfill once in office or just straight up lying and letting people figure out you're a liar
That's weird because all the Trump supporters I know says he speaks the truth.
Kasich, Christie, Bush, and Rubio supporters be like... Well yeah?  We keep telling you this?  Why won't anyone pay attention?!  Please listen to us!  He's a snake among wolves!  Don't trust him

Democrat supporters be like.... Well duh he's a GOP candidate.  It is only they who could possibly be liars and make fanatical claims, ours aren't possibly the bad guys ever.

Carson supporters... Lies don't matter!  They're no indicator of character or leadership... Unless it's Trump were talking about then he's a bastard.

Paul and Cruz supporters... "Burn the heretic!"
Are there any right-wing nutbags that DO have concern about the truth? 

I think this whole Donald run is a conspiracy to boost up Hillary while making Republicans look like complete assholes.
I suspect this is deliberate strategy on the part of the Trump. He draws in attention through controversial remarks, Republicans will distrust the media's "distortion" of his views, and then on the debate he repackages what he says in more palatable language. Evidently it is working as Carson has dropped in the polls and he maintains his lead. 
Just what we need spearheading world diplomacy on behalf of the GOP can be a measure of how desperate his followers And neither do his supporters.
There's a bit of a pattern you might notice among every major GoP candidate. 
Jesus Christ Reddit, enough.
I guess you missed Hillary.
No shit. At this point, he can say whatever he wants, and his idiotic followers will defend him no matter what. 

Want a source? Look at his Facebook page. Those people are idiots.
So democracy is dead and gone...What should we try next? 
That's exactly why he's running as a Republican.
Still will get the nomination. 
I think he's worried he might win and that was never his game plan from the get go. He is probably doing this just for the shits and giggles and now he's bored. 
http://www.politifact.com/personalities/donald-trump/statements/

This page makes for such funny reading, I can't believe anyone would want this guy in charge...
sounds like he's fit to be republican.
Not like this is a new trend for him...
And neither do his followers
He's not a liar. He's a bullshitter. 

A liar knows they aren't telling the truth. A bullshitter doesn't care whether what they are saying is true or not. 

Bullshitters are much scarier. 
He's not lying any more than any of then other republican contenders, at least his lies provoke a laugh and not just heartburn.
That is a very drawn out way to say "Donald Trump is a Republican."  The author must have had to reach a word requirement on their article.
Trump is just throwing red meat at the racists and they're swallowing it hook, line and sinker, just like Hitler did in Germany in the 1930's.
Donald Trump is someone I honestly never want to hear say the truth, because he makes lies sound so awesome.
He's a Republican running for President: Ignoring the truth *is* his job.
Trump's popularity is little surprise in party with no idea, no platform, no policy. 

Trump is "make America great again," and its the same 'platform' the GOP has ran on since 1980 and Reagan's "morning in America."

The only thing that distinguishes Trump from the rest of the pack of actual politicians is he gets to hold up the mantle of incorruptability. And that alone is a pretty persuasive argument in his favor. The rest is just window dressing.
No shit.
Trump knows his audience. You've got to remember that these are just simple tea party conservatives. These are people of the land. The common clay of the red states. You know... morons. 
DONALD TRUMP            
NDOALT DURMP             
DNOLAT DRUMP             
DLANTO PMURD           
LADN TOM PURD        
LAND OPM TRUD           
LAND MOP TURD
He can get away with it because the media has lost all credibility on their own to be able to call him out on it.  
Of course he's concerned about the truth. What else is there to distort?
It's just so indisputably false on its face that the big ones get lost in the general election, I think Carson has known for a giant power/money grab.
So, it's kind of perfect he is becoming a politician
He's from the party that thinks it's ethical to change history books to push their politics.  What do you expect?
Hm.  I guess he's a real politician after all.
When the electorate doesn't care if they're lying, what's he got to lose exactly?
That's what keeping him on top of poll. Why fix something that is clearly working for him.
It builds his brand while simultaneously shattering any chance of him getting the nomination.
By this point, I'm beginning to think Trump is purposefully not in this race to win it.
The man has truly become a politician
neither does the American public.
Didn't he say "I love the Muslims" just a month ago?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WcWM_1hBu_c
I legitimately curious if there is anyone who actually thinks this guy would make a good leader of the greatest country on the planet.
Oh, my. Those comments on that article...
Since when does honesty or telling the truth have *anything* to do with politics?
Define "truth."
https://youtu.be/vn_PSJsl0LQ
Does anyone know if any GOP candidate has said that they would abrogate the gay marriage ruling the Supreme Court? I haven't heard much on the issue and if none of them are planning on changing the law that is great news :) .
[GUYS I FOUND THE PROOF!!!!](https://youtu.be/oMOZvbYJMvU)

Oh wait....
Up like Donald Trump

Chain swings like nunchucks
I can't tell if it's just the Low Info GOP voters getting trolled or the US as a whole.

Either way, it's pretty sad.
i love how he read a washington post article to prove he wasnt lying about the jersey thing.  he is the man.
You're just upset because he's kicking your guys ass. 
At least he knows what the truth is!  Carson doesn't even lie, he's wrong because he's honest.
Trump is embracing Cunningham's Law. Black crime is way higher than white crime, but if he just posts real statistics, he would ignored. By doing this the media will pounce on him and post real statistics, thus making black crime rates a campaign issue.

https://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Cunningham%27s_Law
Politics isn't about telling the truth. It's more about convincing people about your bullshit. Donald Trump is good at selling bullshit. An entertaining bullshitter and he has an audience that will eat it right up. Seriously, take Trump out of the equation and would you have as many people tuning into the Republican debates?

I don't think so.
It couldn't be any more obviously false if he wins popular vote and doesn't get the nomination and still running.
Trump isn't a serious contender. He's just getting crazy media coverage. They must be trying to distract us from important things...
People don't seem to realize this idiot is acting like an ass to manipulate the political arena. The elections don't matter and the parties in power are making fun of the people that believe they do with dribble like this. Your vote does not matter, whom ever they put into power, does not matter. Pay no attention to the party that's behind the curtain. 
That was pretty poor— even for a hatchet-job hit piece.
I'm starting to hate the use of "zero" as an adjective in place of "no". It's a clumsy, slangy usage that's almost certainly past its best-buy date. 

Trump has zero concern for the truth. What's wrong with the regular phrasing, Trump has no concern for the truth? 

Just lately on my newsfeed, according to Clinton's campaign "Trey Gowdy's inquiry has zero credibility left", and apparently the 'New FIFA Now' pressure group say that they have "zero respect" for outgoing FIFA president Sepp Blatter, while Obama "zero patience for attempts to restrict Syrian refugees", and Stephen Colbert says Donald Trump has "zero chance" of becoming President. That should be: Gowdy has no credibility, FIFA NOW has no respect for Blatter, Obama has no patience, and Trump has no chance, respectively.  



Are you sure you want to be accusing others of "constantly lying", Hillary? You sure you wanna do that?
I can't wait to read this sub after he wins. 
Get ready to weep salty tears silly Sanders supporters. 
People like Bernie Sanders going around telling people that we have $18 trillion to spend and doing it will make everything just swell is the kind of lie you need to worry about.
I mean, he's not the only one
At least he doesn't get on his knees for the Black Lives Matter idiots like O'Malley and Bernie. 

He aint no bitch
The irony to all this is that it's the media who is lying and making up these outrageous headlines to try and take him down. Did he overstate the number of people he says he saw? Maybe. But that's not the point. He's was commenting on the sentiment after 9/11 and the same paper that wrote this story also wrote a story back in 2001 that referred to the event Trump is referencing. The media is so biased at this point it's almost laughable and almost everyone in this thread is taking it at face value. You're all better than this. 

You can downvote now. 
[deleted]
It wouldn't surprise me if Trump won the vote and then refused to take office.
When you're a politician you lie. They All do it, and they all will. You've just now figured this out? Don't tell me hillary is any better...
He must have read "Rules for Radicals". It is on Obama's recommended reading list.
You guys ignore/defend every lie that Obama tells, that Hillary Clinton tells, and now suddenly you're concerned about lying? That's hypocrisy. 
That means he isnfinally becomming a politician.
It seems like most people in government have zero concern about the truth. 
Yea, but Trump just makes sense /s
No no, his supporters on Reddit tell me he's a "straight talker" and that's why they like him.

Apparently, some people just like it when a loud mouth bullshits at them. TOTALLY different than all of those other politicians he's said to be shaking up.
It kind of sucks that his racial crime stats were inaccurate because the reality is still alarming. But he lied so nobody really has to face the situations in Chicago, Detroit, Atlanta, and so on.


Show me a politician who isn't lying and i'll show you one who isn't winning. 
He ain't wrong about Ahmed 
Not a Trump fan, but the Washington Post itself has articles from the days after 9/11 talking about people celebrating in New Jersey. That they couldn't find articles from their own paper in their fact check should tell you all your need to know about the BS coming from the Washington Post.
It does not matter if hes lying or not hes winning because of name and face recognition and will probably win the whitehouse because hes not Clinton!
It no longer matters to the common man/woman who wins an election it has very little impact on their daily lives. The bureaucrats and business men that make real decisions that effect the economy are the people we should be more concerned about. Look at all the "reallity" TV shows on the Box and thats why Trump will win cause we dont give enough of a shit to think.
Liberals have zero concern for the truth as well, where is the article about that? 

Europe is in flames thanks to constant liberal lies about multiculturalism and welfare, where is the article Washington Post? 

Name one time the liberals didn't lie through their teeth while facing the American people. 

Enjoy your revolution liberals. 
Trump is playing the media, and it tastes great.  With his ridiculous tweets he is getting free weekly coverage.  He is bringing up issues that democrats have absolutely no energy to talk about.  
Bernie lies and says all this bullshit about free college and you guys love it hahahahah
[deleted]
Too his credit, these are easy to spot. When Obama was campaigning it took a while to learn people wouldn't be able to keep their doctor or save 2500$ a family or not have lobbyists on his staff, or...
Maybe he should team up with Hillary then....she's just as bad. 
It doesn't matter if he spews out nonsense. A lot of Americans are tired of how the public sphere has been infested by political correct,  overly sensitive nonsense/social justice warrior crap. 

Here you have a guy that goes against all that and doesn't back down when he is attacked by all these overly sensitive and hysterical weirdos. In fact, he doubles down and a lot of people respond to that. They like a guy who has a backbone. 
Le bernie sonders xDDDDD
Since when does the Post inform the public when a politician is lying? You know the establishment has turned on you when they abandon "he-said/she-said" stenography-style journalism. 
[deleted]
Poor shitlibs upset that he will be the next President, stay salty!
To be fair.. All politicians are liars.  He's just that weird chapter 11 guy with gross hair.
Its quite comical that so many of these posts bash the GOP.  Like the other side is any better.  I'm sick and tired of politicians on both sides.
What has he said that's been an outright lie, and I mean outright 100% false no way in hell there's any truth to it? Hyperbole perhaps? There's always a silver lining of truth with Trump, that's why he is where he is right now.
Well Fuck ALL OF YOU MORONS that are too lazy to follow a few links before calling Trump a liar. Here is a link to a Washington Post article(aka "The liberal bible") that repeats the exact same thing Trump says he saw!

https://www.washingtonpost.com/archive/politics/2001/09/18/northern-new-jersey-draws-probers-eyes/40f82ea4-e015-4d6e-a87e-93aa433fafdc/
If I believed the media, I'd probably believe that.

But I've seen them try and dupe me with this anti-Trump parade of lies long enough now that I'll be a good skeptic. 
You Libs mad that he's using your own tactics against you? 
Says the Press. Who lie on him constantly.
Praise bernie, praise be, praise be.
Because of *of course* if we don't have planned parenthood noone will be shooting up the place!
Going to say something that my seem insensitive, but here goes:  seeing as the aborted fetuses are going to be disposed of regardless, isn't it very illogical to not take the organs of said aborted fetuses, when they can be used for scientific and medical purposes instead of being tossed out?

Also, why should we believe a video that attacks abortions, that comes from an organization who's goal is to take down all abortion providers, isn't biased in any regard?
Weren't the eager to defund it before the shooting? I don't see why the shooting would affect their opinion about it.
Giving into the terrorist's demands is republican policy.  Reagan armed the Iranians after they took Americans hostage, Bush passed the Patriot Act after 9/11 to get rid of those freedoms Bin Laden hated, and now they'll ensure no other right wingers shoot up planned parenthood by getting rid of it. Consistency at its finest.
The blame for congress' actions really falls on all the assholes who were too lazy to vote in the congressional elections. You let your crazy uncle and grandparents choose this reality while you were busy jacking around on Reddit. You think shit's going to change with Sanders if he doesn't have a congress to support him? 
We'd see far more benefit from defunding Congress. 

Edit: And we should *increase* PP funding. 
why are these two things even connected? Why should the shooting affect the decision to fund planned parenthood?
 I suspect this renewed vigor to defund PP has a lot to do with the "Well, she was asking for it" metaphor I've seen making headlines recently. [ HERE](http://www.coloradoindependent.com/156450/gop-lawmaker-planned-parenthood-is-the-real-culprit-in-the-shooting),  [HERE](http://www.nbcnews.com/meet-the-press/trump-i-see-lot-dislike-planned-parenthood-n470886),  and [HERE](http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/U/US_EMBATTLED_PLANNED_PARENTHOOD?SITE=AP&amp;SECTION=HOME&amp;TEMPLATE=DEFAULT).

If Planned Parenthood didn't perform abortions, then they wouldn't have been targeted.

So, let's make Planned Parenthood dress less slutty and restrict it to a curfew, then it won't attract so much negative attention.

*^EDIT:  ^Thanks ^for ^the ^GOLD*
At least we still don't negotiate with terrorists. We immediately give into their demands but that still counts as not negotiating.
&gt;it could set the stage for a bigger fight as Congress negotiates a funding bill to avert a government shutdown later this month.

After Obama vetoed the the National Defense Authorization Act the GOP should know forcing unrelated items through on a budget bill isn't going to work.
You know that scene in the holy grail where the villagers approach the knight with a girl they dressed up as a witch and ask if they can burn her? That's what's happening right now. 
It boggles my mind how politicians who are elected to represent their people find ways to continuously focus on things that are irrelevant and go contrary to overwhelming popular opinion.  Abortion is legal because the majority of people agree with it and it's a public health issue.  Abortion is an awful choice that people NEED to be able to make in dark moments of their lives.  

I hate abortion, it's terrible, people need that option and as a guy, it isn't really about me anyway.  

Can we fucking move on, please?  Let's get our government dealing with other issues like widespread poverty, crumbling infrastructure, corporate oversight, failing schools etc etc.
And they are going to threaten to shut down the government again to do it.  It would be hilarious if it wasn't so terrifying how quickly they are sprinting towards the deep end.
I'd have to say I am pro-choice, but why would they change their tune because of a shooting?
The GOP is filled with indecent people, voted in by indecent people, all of which pretend they are baby jesus loving christians.

It's disgusting. All this effort into taking away health care for Americans, what kind of frigging moron would vote for these monsters?
I'm just gonna go ahead and say it:

The horrible acts of a deranged individual should not change national policy. The GOP was trying to do this before the shooting, they should continue after it.

I'm not advocating the GOP trying to defund PP, in fact I think it's awful. My point is Congress' actions should not be swayed so easily.
Thanks to the knuckledragging Republicans, the PP shooter has more direct representation of his interests in Congress than most.
One article says this video on the selling of body parts from Planned Parenthood as false. http://thinkprogress.org/health/2015/07/15/3680714/planned-parenthood-controversy/ 

If this video is falsified, and it is being cited as the motivator for these shootings, should the organization (Center for Medical Progress) be held responsible in same way?
&gt;Rep. Paul Ryan (R-WI) has indicated that the shooting will not change the House’s plans to proceed with a special panel that’s been compared to the panel that spent millions of taxpayer dollars investigating Benghazi. 

God fucking dammit so much.
The ultimate irony:

One of the reasons we made abortions legal was to save lives!

You cannot be pro-life if you are against legal abortions. We know from very recent history that legal abortions save lives. Planned parenthood saves maybe 1 thousand times as many lives as it takes  even if you consider every abortion as taking a life. People who are anti-legal-abortions or anti-planned-parenthood are not pro-life. They are acting as if they want more death and less life.
someone should throw their politics out the window because of one crazy? is that /r/politics logic here? no one would be left with any political thoughts by that logic. 
Maybe we should stop building tall building. That way terrorists won't have anything to fly planes into. 
I think the discomfort some people are feeling is that for several generations, public opinion and political capital moves generally against the tide of violence.

If someone presses political discourse into violence, US society effectively calls it a foul, and the ball moves down the field away from political violence.

The effect has essentially been "the opposite of what you want to happen will happen if you cross that line" and has sort of keeps  a lid on things.

By not letting up pressure at all, they send the message that violence *will* get you what you want.

The truth is probably more banal than malicious. Things move through Congress in weird and winding ways, and political plays already in motion from before the shooting are bearing fruit. The lawmakers don't see this event as connected at all, so they shouldn't bother to slow things down.
Oh, good, let's make it harder for women to get *any* healthcare!
I implore EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOU to make sure you are registered to vote AND to GO VOTE in not just primary and general elections, BUT ALSO the very critical midterm elections. When a party fails everything BUT its most extreme constituency, it MUST be removed from power the way the founding fathers provided for it to be. GET YOUR ASS TO THE POLLS, MY DEAR YOUNG PEOPLE. Seriously, if you are all gung-ho about "Feeling The Bern" as you seem to be, then put your money where your mouth is and, no matter who gets what nom, START PARTICIPATING IN THE POLITICAL MACHINE. This is both your civic duty AND your privilege as a fucking AMERICAN.  STOP BELIEVING THE HYPE THAT YOUR VOTE DOESN'T COUNT. If you collectively PARTICIPATE instead of bitching on the internet but then turning around and blowing it all off the moment your candidate doesn't win, or when it isn't the POTUS election, i am pretty sure you have miserably failed EVERYTHING Bernie Sanders is fighting for. And that mofo is FIGHTING. For fuck's sake, RISE TO THE OCCASION!!! Don't want congress to continue to fuck off, get paid, do NOTHING but piss and moan?? VOTE THEM OUT. 

YOU, yes YOU, are literally the fucking hope and change America COULD HAVE. You gotta want it, my dears. 
They'll defund anything on any pretext. They don't give a flying fuck what the issue is: the greater issue is cutting all government spending on people.
Planned Parenthood is one of the most tightly ran organizations with the least amount or possibly even no corruption compared to other organizations because of all these probings they are constantly being subjected to. I find it ironic they are going after the cleanest ship out of the entire harbor.
I hope you Americans start to realize that fundamentalist Christians are waging war on your freedom and want America to return to the pre 40s era.

Racism, religious fundamentalism, bad education.

It's not even subtle. Some people are actively trying to put America in the social stone age. This looks a lot like the Islam uprising in the Muslim states years ago.

People are feeling safe and lazy and the religious idiots are taking a hold of every political wing.
The GOP war on women is getting serious.
Why not have a planned parenthood with a locked door + a video camera. They only open the steel door when they see the person is who they expect and who has an appointment. 

Seems logical. 

Like an airlock that prevents you from getting shot. 
Honestly, of course they will. Believe it or not, this is actually rational. Hear me out before you downvote me into oblivion.

Hypothetically speaking, let's say an eco-terrorist blows up coal plant and it kills a few people. This act shouldn't prevent us from promoting alternative, clean energy. Tragedy should not stop us from advocating for what we think are just causes.

The GOP truly feels that shutting down PP is a just cause. I can actually understand this behavior and this line of thinking.
The GOP forever infatuation with women's uterus 
[deleted]
I think that would be a good idea. Not that I have anything against planned Parenthood, but the government should be out of it.  Planned Parenthood should be a private organization. It would help if abortions were only a side part of the business. 
TIL thinkprogress is an unbiased news source

Well... I mean, it would stop people from shooting it up. 
Pretty sure if they ask for assault weapons and armored vehicles they could easily get their budget approved. 
The best way to prevent more planned parenthood shootings is to get rid of planned parenthood, obviously.
Serious question. This may sound dumb but if they stop funding it where would the money go? 
But planned parent hood makes enough money to support its self. 

I dont think planned parent hood should be the first. It makes no sense to focus or start with them. 

But orginazations that can thrive on their own shouldent get goverment subsudies. 

If anything though, planned parenthood should get gov subsudies because of the service they provide to the country.
The eagerness our top politicians have to capitulate to terrorists is fucking terrifying. 
If there was no planned parenthood then there would be no shooter. Checkmate.
The fact that they (crazies representing crazies) have any traction at all, terrifies me. I can't even make a joke; they aren't a joke, joking around or half-heartedly attacking woman's reproductive rights. This does not only affect women though, this will change our entire culture if they continue to populate positions of power with this flavor of wacko. Look up the stats in the [CIA world factbook](https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/). Countries that cripple their woman's rights are NOT desirable places to live.
Breaking News: Congress also planning to defund the nation's universities as a result of the handful of shootings. /s
The terrorists win. 
So...conservatives: If you had to take away Planned Parenthood and all the women's health benefits it provides at the ground level...what would you replace it with?
Another round of ~~blame~~ defund the victim.
I say being anti-Planned Parenthood is a hate crime.  People who donate money to anti-PP groups are sponsoring terrorism.
They were eager to defund it a day ago, the day before that, the day before that, and the day before that too.
The GOP disgusts me.
Vermin. These people are vermin.
But eugenics 
Prediction republicans lose house and presidency. 
Because if you are a menstruating female you must be pregnant or not have sex, because no one hates birth control as much as the people who hate abortions. 


Just a reminder: If you don't agree with this bullshit and you don't vote, you're part of the problem.
They need all that money PP gets to keep funding the Walton's employee welfare. Tough choices have to be made.  
Migraines...I...just...migraines...
Why would the actions of a lone gunman change the agenda of an entire political party? I swear, this sub is nothing but a circlejerk.
Nowhere in this article is it said that the GOP is attempting to appease home grown terrorists. They are standing by the position they have always held. The actions of a monster does not invalidate the entire pro-life movement.
Why are Republicans such huge fucking pussies who are afraid of everything? 
This mostly bothers me because I dont want fear to run our politics. Its sick the way politicians use these things to manipulate their party followers.
It's funny how the GOP hates taxes but they have no problem spending taxpayer money on useless if not out right fraudulent investigations.
It's like I suddenly understand why Obis hair went gray the minute he became president...
oh no how will we ever recover from spending money to figure out why four Americans died. It's not like people care if more Americans die due to the things our government does
well to be fair, they already wanted to do so before the shooting, dont think the shooting should do much to change that retarded view
The terrorists win 
Fucke them. I've been donating to Planned Parenthood for years now. We don't need the assholes. 
Well, it's obviously for their own good.  By staying open and operating, these clinics are just making themselves targets.
*Motto of the GOP: It should only be illegal if people want it


No problem with these "pro-lifers" sending our children to fight never ending wars "on terror" (lol), always so eager to "fight the terrorists" until you realize its a bunch of racist old men calling the shots that want to justify bloodlust and make money off it in the process

Once the terrorist is a white guy, they have the GOP's full support
These Congressman may as well have pulled the trigger themselves.
Repealing Obamacare again?! Do any of these idiots have an original thought in their brains??
Seriously fuck these dumb idiot Republicans 
Of course the fucking are... 

The lack of tact in the modern day GoP is staggering. 
Oh sure, but nobody wants to defund education when schools get shot up. Oh wait...
Feels like a new level of victim blaming.
Yup, lets make healthcare even less accessible to low income women and families.  Aside from this and reading Hilary's emails what exactly have these people accomplished?
Damn all those babies born to into poverty are going to love causing a ruckus with all these guns!
Just remember, it's too soon to be talking about gun regulation.
One crazy person does not change the debate. 
The Christian terrorist wins.
I'm not exactly sure how the shooting changes anything? It's not like Congress committed the shooting.
I'm pretty ambivalent on this issue but can someone please explain to me why it's so important that PP receives federal funding? 

I would never want the government to deny a woman's right to an abortion but I don't see why it's anti-abortion to not want to pay for it. 
"Never let a good tragedy go to waste"


Why should Planned Parenthood receive Federal money if, at the end of the year, they have enough left over to donate to political campaigns? 
PP is a private organization.  They do not need tax dollars to fund their entity.
Congressional wrong thinking -- "If we de-fund the PP, then the clinics will have to close &amp; our more conservative christian bigots won't have anything to shoot-up or blow up. That will get the gun control freaks off our backs.

And we'll get all those pesky cult leaders off our necks because poor women won't have a place to get educated and those preachers might be able to get them back under control."

Yep - there are only two things wrong with the American congress - Republicans and Democrats.
Daesh: We do not negotiate with terrorists, we will not bow to them or give them what they want.

White US citizen terrorist: Welp guys, we better do what he wants... They might shoot more places...
This is a new level of stupidity, even for our Congress.
Just defund it. We are broke. Start there, then food stamps, then other costly liberal give-a-ways.

As of course it should be. The government has no business in funding companies. For profit or nonprofit. 
A well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed. /r/C_S_T
Let planned parenthood find funding elsewhere

If Planned Parenthood didn't exist, this tragedy would never of happened. Government has finally found a solution that will work.
You mean negotiate with terrorists? 
Oh yes, if we had deconstructed the twin towers and outlawed airplanes, 9/11 wouldn't have happened! Genius! 
I suspect that moments after defunding it, they'll be regretting it.
Fucking bullshit is what they wanted 
It should.  And if Planned Parenthood really needs some government subsidy, well, they should have planned better.
Because wanting to not support an abortion clinc has fuck all to do with a shooting right?

fuck this sheit.
At least you can say planned parenthood and this shooter have one thing in common.... no respect for human life.
Never let a tragedy go to waste.

Edit: That was sarcasm, y'all.
Rightfully so
Obamacare makes planned parenthood obsolete.  All the great services they supposedly provide are free under Obamacare.
Good.. Why should we condone poor behavior. Killing babies everyday because you can't keep your legs closed isn't ok.. Females right or not.. It's still wrong. That's like saying I didn't succeed at work today because of my poor behavior so I went to the local daycare and killed a kid because of my wrong doing and poor judgement. Society is so shitty now a days.
It's funny that ole Donnie trump is the only republican with a reasonable stance on planned parenthood.  
Never let a crisis go to waste.
good! this is a step in the right direction. too bad it took terrorist actions to push our government to stop spending money it doesnt have but hey we cant let the end justify the means amirite?
But we will turn our backs on [Afghan interpreters](http://www.npr.org/sections/parallels/2015/09/23/442819026/american-dad-fights-for-the-afghan-interpreter-who-aided-his-fallen-son) who have been waiting years to get into the US after putting their ass on the line to help US Troops. 
Its a lose-lose. Either we let them in and deal with the risk of the odd extremist, or reject them, send them back home angry to be slaughtered by ISIS or worse join them.
Suddenly everyone is caring about homeless people !
Is there ever really a time for demagoguery and fear-mongering?
Then screening better be on point. 
Yet,the six wealthy Gulf countries - Qatar, the United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait and Bahrain - have offered to receive exactly zero Syrian refugees.
This will be interesting to see. Reddit hates refugees but loves Sanders. The unstoppable force meets the immovable object. 
His idealism is at the same time refreshing and worrisome. 
Multiple high ranking officials in the government say ISIS can blend in with Syrian refugees. This shouldn't even be an issue - if the safety of America and the citizens cannot be secured, then refugees should not be allowed in at this time.

"Top U.S. counterterrorism officials say they worry a potential terrorist could be hiding among refugees who are looking to come to the United States after escaping the brutal war in Syria.

"It's clearly a population of concern,” the director of the National Counterterrorism Center, Nicholas Rasmussen, told the House Homeland Security Committee on Wednesday."

http://abcnews.go.com/International/officials-fear-syrian-refugees-pose-threat-us/story?id=28930114
Shocking to see so many people buying into exactly what ISIS wants, they want you to fear all Muslims and people from the middle East. They also want you to attack people out of fear and anger, they want people to see racism acts so they can use it for recruiting. The far right and a lot of others are buying into this so deeply it is so sad. The refugees are running from conflict and if they aren't helped they will be put to work under whoever controls their land if they are not killed in the process. ISIS uses slaves and brain washing the last thing you need to do is give them legitimate reasons to be mad at our country. We need to help those in need especially since this is the fault of the Iraq War, don't be scared and don't be racist that is what they want.
Sweden is the car bomb capitol of Europe. 
ask Sweden how the refugees are treating them. 36 car bombs and multiple attacks on police stations in 2014 alone, that's how. not to mention they want Sharia law enforced OVER the national law. its a no brainer! accepting Syrian refugees = putting American lives at risk. why would we endanger the lives of our citizens so that a culture that is firmly against the Western world can come and live among us? its destined for failure.
&gt;"now is not the time for demagoguery and fear-mongering."

Then when is the *right* time for demagoguery and fear-mongering?  Love me some mongering and goguery.
[deleted]
He's absolutely right.  We've taken in 750,000 refugees since 2001 with 0 being involved in any domestic terrorism. We took in almost 20,000 Iraqi refugees last year alone.  

We have a moral responsibility to accept these refugees, since the level of instability in the Middle East is directly related to our involvement in Iraq.  The only reason people are now unwilling to accept refugees is fear.  Don't give in to fear.  
I live in a city absolutely riddled with the homeless. I prefer to help out my fellow American, than a mass of refugees. 
I disagree with Bernie on this.
First time I've ever disagreed with Bernie...
No, its time for reason and caution. 

Up until now, I've been just about entirely supportive of Bernie but, this very well may make me vote for someone else. 

ISIS has been clear that they will and have exploit(ed) mass immigration as a means to make it into new territory. It's one thing to be humanitarian but, it's another to be foolish. 

If the US allows more Syrian refugees in, they will likely be stigmatized, witch-hunted, and treated poorly. If they don't let them in, they will likely die at the hands of ISIS in their own country. 

On top of this, there are so many people hungry, impoverished, and homeless in the US already. I don't wanna say, "they're our own so we have to help them!" because I believe in humans being one big family but, can we feasibly help our own AND the refugees?  I don't think we can. And I think attempting to will open us up to very dangerous situations not only because of the possibility that ISIS could spread out here but, that our government will then impose more spying on law abiding citizens and people will allow this. 

TSA, NSA, corporations like Verizon giving data to the government, etc. It will only get worse. 


EDIT

Actually, I have changed my stance. If we do not allow refugees to enter the US, I think ISIS will become Syria's government and in 10-20 years, you'll have ISIS + Iran + Iraq all together and stronger than ever. Also, it's possible that UAE, Saudi Arabia, etc. could sponsor them for admission to the UN in the future. Either take Syrians now and treat them with respect and love or expect to fight us in the future when ISIS is even stronger. 
How come these refugees can't go to Israel or Saudi Arabia?
Start a nice little tent city on the Capitol lawn, house them in Pelosi's district, put them in Seattle, San Francisco, any other place liberals live. See how fast their compassion is turned around when it's forced in their backyard
Is this the one time Reddit liberals don't want to look to Sweden to see how the experiment is going?
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=xDFhgpidzNA
Seriously? It's Washington! It's always the time for demagoguery and fear-mongering!
I feel like people are only reading the comment thread just to down vote their opposing opinion.
http://www.salon.com/2015/11/17/cowardly_governors_give_isis_a_propaganda_victory_refusing_refugees_is_a_moral_outrage_a_strategic_blunder/
"Now is not the time for demagoguery" says the guy whose whole campaign is based on class warfare.
It's amazing to me that the right-wing are so prone to say 'nothing is wrong' when Americans, white Americans in particular, shoot up a movie theater or gun down innocent kids, but if the rare chance that a few guys come over here and start shooting at people presents itself it's like 'woah woah woah we can't let this happen hold on a minute.'
How do we know that we are actually letting in safe people? ?? How do we know they don't have connections in any way or are not plotting to attack once inside after awhile? Can't we just help build a safe place for them outside of our border and still in their own territory? We have taken enough hits 
Here's an idea...Those who feel strongly about letting "Syrian Refugees" (and whoever the fuck else) into the country should Volunteer to have them brought into your home. Problem solved right?
People always jump on the chance to rationalize their fear and hate. I commend Sen. Sanders for staying calm and having empathy with those that have lost everything. People will say this will hurt his election chances -- to remedy that I'll just volunteer more. I hope others do the same.
Where were you lot calling for us to take care of homeless veterans when they were coming back from the stupid Bush wars?
And this is how ISIS got into America... 
I'm sorry, but this comes off to me like there being a string of robberies and insisting now isn't the time to start locking your doors because not every person going by your house is a thief. Well of course I don't think that, but I think considering how this is **exactly** what just happened, maybe we ought to learn from it? 
Oh man, "now is not the time for demagoguery" the irony is palpable.
I'm still voting for Bernie and I know this won't be popular with you all here. I disagree with the Senator on this one. 
The same guy that said global warming is the reason for isis
Is it really fear-mongering if it was already shown that ISIS is using the refugee system to carry out attacks? At that points -- its just called 'defending the country'. 
I can't believe how against refugees the United States is. You would hardly notice 65,000 Syrians yet you talk about it like they are all terrorists. 9/11 has really left a strong mark that I don't think has healed.
Good man.   It'll be two or three miracles if he's elected but it would be good for our country.
No, Bernie. Now is the time to protect Americans first. You're running for the presidency of the USA, not Syria. Get your priorities straight. 
Bernie is losing votes left and right. This statement is certainly not going to GAIN him much votes with the general public. 
No, but it is a time for a little fucking discretion over political correctness. 
People say "it's un-American to turn away refugees". Well France were trying not to be un-French, and what did they get? 150 dead French. It's not fear mongering, it's preventative measure. Don't just playing catch up like what we're doing now (9/11 --&gt; TSA). 
The bernie sheep are out again. 
Why do we have to bring them to the USA? Is there any reason we can't provide help to them while they are still over there?
Are we to just empty the nation of Syria of all its people and disperse them over the globe?  Is that the plan liberals?
Sorry Bernie,  just lost my vote...and i have a feeling im about to be downvoted..
Now is the time to bring in as many people as possible from a region of the world that hates us more then anyone else!
But "demagoguery and fear-mongering" is OK when directed at Wall Street. Right, Bernie?
Can someone name me one positive to bringing in refugees?  One thing that isn't, "its the right thing to do" cliche, or inherently tied to wanting to feel morally superior.  I'd love to hear it, since everyone thinks this is such a good idea apparently.  
Says the guy who never wastes a chance to demagogue and fear monger on the one puhcent.
Now is the time to protect the actual citizens of this country. These "refugees" cannot be vetted with any certainty and should not be forced upon the American people. 
[deleted]
Send them all to Burlington, VT—and Washington DC.
Well when IS the time for demagoguery and fear-mongering??
C'mon...
And you people want to vote him in office?
Lost my vote right here
Demagoguery and fear-mongering is what ISIS does. Let's be better than ISIS.
Perhaps Bernie has some room in his basement for them .. or is this one of those things that only the proles get to experience up close?
We can accept them as long as people also accept the fact that Isis attacks in America will start to happen.  
Keeping our country safe from people disguise themselves as refugees, and have the intent to kill us. Is not fear mongering
It's astonishing that the left has the gall to even mention demagoguery. Demagoguery is their weapon of choice.  What a joke. 

Let's send most of the Muslim refugees to Vermont, a state that seriously lacks racial and religious diversity. And since ISIS has now threatened Washington D.C., we need to send thousands of the refugees there to help ISIS out. We sure wouldn't want to appear discriminatory. 

While the American left's beloved European social democracies close their borders,  we on the other hand are requested to do the opposite. 

How many Americans on the political left are going to take these refugees into their homes?  Probably none but they always talk a good story. Talk is cheap. 
Bernie out of touch with reality via idealism once again. 
Turn them away. 
This coming from the same guy who thinks the US's biggest military threat is climate change.
YAY! lets just let in thousands of refugees even though we can't fully screen them as said by the Chief of the FBI and multiple states have already said they want nothing to do with them but fuck it you're running for President and you know best. 
There are over 200 countries in the world.  Other countries should accept them.  I don't think America should run the risk any longer.  It may come off strong and sound bad but at some point we need to worry about the American people first before we start trying to take care of everybody else in the world.  We have tens of thousands of homeless veterans and he wants to bring in and house refugees from a country being actively recruited by ISIS. nope. 
They just said they are going to attack DC. We should definitely not let them in. Bernie is soft. 
To turn away Syrian refugees is to drive a wedge between Western society and innocent Muslims in a way that encourages radicalization and anti-American sentiment. This carries a far greater long term threat to our country than does taking in refugees now.
Well, fuck you Bernie
I guess I will just rant here.  I'm a 13th generation American. I live in Canada but my roots go back to the early 1600s Massachusetts.  
The elitist side of me would say that anyone with less American pedigree than myself is a dirty immigrant.  If your family didn't come here 400 years ago you have no more stake in this world than the family that arrived 100 years ago.  But then... That sounds stupid, doesn't it?  Didn't your family come here with nothing but the clothes on their back and a couple kids in search for something better? Didn't you get whatever job you could so that your kids could have an opportunity to go to school, get a better job, be productive? 
Didn't we all arrive with that mindset? 


The other half of my background is German, funnelled via Russia after the first world war.  That half of my family got screwed over by Russia with the offer of free, fertile land. Well it wasn't free and it wasn't fertile - so they had to leave there as well.  And my great grandparents ended up in Canada.  And there was plenty of land ad plenty of opportunity. And now, many of the generations now fully contribute to society.

But where does the cycle of prejudice end?  It certainly doesn't make sense to judge someone's worth by how long they've lived in the country and definitely not because of how they were treated by other countries. The only inalienable thing I can think of... Is that people truly were created equal. That we are all the same race and species whether we like it or not.  And that opening your door to someone in need is a basic human responsibility. 

And that is exactly why you cant be President you ignorant asshole.    
Sorry kids but that's idiotic. 

As a liberal I have to admit that this is the dark side of liberalism.
hahaha...now bernie wants to stop the demagoguery? So when is it ok to get frothy mouthed bernie? Only when talking about gun rights?...or is it when you want to talk about instituting programs that will bankrupt this country even further? 
Why the fuck would we left refugees in our country from a fucking ISIS war zone?  Syria doenst even have documentation on its people, we have no fucking idea who these refugees are.  To let 100,000 into the country after what happened in Paris is fucking retarded.

Let's follow Poland's lead on this one and stop in taking Syrian refugees who could easily have been infiltrated by ISIS, just like the once that attacked the people in France.  
Foolish old man.
That comes later.
Why is DC not accepting any refugees?? Interesting 
To be fair, r/conservative is still mostly filled with blacklivesmatter and "that Obama" articles.  Some things will never change.
https://youtu.be/ZFD01r6ersw?t=31
Did you know we bring in from 60k to 100k a year and have been for 35 years+?

http://www.migrationpolicy.org/article/refugees-and-asylees-united-states

What a grand gesture from a country that takes in such a tiny amount of refugees it might as well close down its borders.

Ridiculous
Oh fuck...so I guess Sanders isn't seriously after the election bid after all

this will not resonate with America, whether it's the right thing or the wrong thing.
Oh Bernie, how naive. It is always the time for demagoguery and fear-mongering. It is the way of human nature. We're still the scared cave people who hear thunder claps on a stormy night.
Actually, for people who like fear and mongering, this seems like a good opportunity for them. Just saying.
If we abandon our American ideals because of threats to our American ideals, then what are we really defending?
i have to ask this question: if the radicals are a tiny minority of the muslim world as a whole, why are millions fleeing instead of fighting back and crushing this "small" group of murderous assholes (who, as we are repeatedly told, are co-opting Islam for their own nefarious purposes and aren't "real" muslims)? something doesn't add up here at all. 
People in the comments section are supporting him. Just shows you how brainwashed this sub is to suck down anything Bernie spits out. Play the moral responsibility card go ahead, just accept the fact that you're delusional as well. Want NO part of any of these refugees. Homeless starving veterans and you guys want to funnel resources to these refugees hahahahahaha stay away from politics being nice isn't always the answer.
They aren't refugees. 77 percent are men. these aren't progressives. 
This is where Bernie and I differ.  
  
We need to be afraid of these refugees right now.  It's common sense.  That and it's been shown that terrorists are sneaking in with the refugees in Europe, so yeah.  
  
I'm not ready to extend any hospitality at this point. 
Bernie is the king of demagoguery and fear-mongering. If we don't stop global warming, the planet will be uninhabitable! Think of the children!
It does not matter how low the risk is at a time like this. If there is even a slight chance of a refugee being a member of ISIS at a time like this, that is too big a chance to take. America has a target on its back and for even one lone wolf to get in would be a one way ticket to Hell.
Lost in the midst of all this fear of what could happen in the worst case scenarios is the fact that there are hundreds of thousands of innocent people trying to escape exactly this kind of horrific violence and we are all debating on whether or not turning our backs on them is the right thing to do.

Even if we believe ISIS claims (and really, why should we?) that they got 4,000 agents into Europe by taking advantage of the refugee situation, that still means there are hundreds of thousands of human beings who have no real ill intentions and just want a better, more safe life for themselves and their families.

It's one thing to debate how dangerous it potentially is to accept the risk of trying to help, but could we at least treat these people with dignity and discuss in what ways we *are* willing to help them?

And as for the risks involved, it's not like if we don't accept any Syrian refugees our risk is reduced to zero - terrorists are still going to try to find ways to attack these countries and we still have to do our best to be ready for them.  Not to mention the risk of turning some of these people we turn away to Isis when we respond with hate and fear rather than compassion.
I am voting for Bernie no matter what, and i don't often disagree with him, but i do on this. 

It's time we start prioritizing for OUR people FIRST i.e. homeless Americans. Now is not the time for bringing in refugees from hostile foreign lands, whom a deadly and cowardly enemy who has already proven they will Trojan in to carry out their terrorist agendas. Threat levels have to be distinguished, and certain countries present more a threat than others #1 and 2 are Syria and Iraq these extenuating circumstances require us to apply much more caution and "push the brakes".

I understand that most of them are fleeing a deadly and hopeless situation, but we cannot afford to let even one hostile slip through or what happened in Paris may happen here. Just recently, three Syrian nationals were caught in San Marteen in the Caribbean with fake Greek credentials. What were they doing...? http://timescaribbeanonline.com/2015/11/16/three-syrians-arrested-in-st-maarten-with-false-greek-travel-documents/

Sometimes some of us get so blinded by Our empathy we forget to think rationally. I feel sorry for all the innocent Syrians and Iraqi's fleeing Daesh, but now is simply not the time to be admitting them to the country. Perhaps once we have more intelligence and information on would be refugees, and after this situation has been proven to be stabilized, only then it would be more appropriate to start considering it. Say what you will but i feel it's a very bad time to allow this, and we need to take care of our own desperate citizens first. 

Edit: REALLY 0 votes for Homeless Americans ? Think of every homeless person in the street of the city you live in, some you pass by each day... those are the desperate people here..... they face no less darker future.  These are Americans.... how could you consider them less than some "?" from Syria ? 

Edit2: Waves to DAESH Trolls.... I know exactly who you are. 
fucking. sanders. fans.
Islamophobia isn't a bad word.  It's a justifiable feeling towards a barbaric religion.
We should and we can. 
but, now is the time to secure our borders...............
*...except when Obama does it at his press conference*

FTFY
Keep em out, Europe has plenty of room.
It's just too much of a liability to accept all of these refugees. This is really unfortunate because I really liked Bernie.
Bernie now:  "now is not the time for demagoguery and fear-mongering."

Bernie then:

"A nation will not survive morally or economically when so few have so much while so many have so little…"
  

So it's not the time for fear mongering, but if we don't adopt Bernie's plan the nation's economy will die.  
I trust Bernie's judgement.  I was skeptical of allowing them after the attack in Paris, but if Bernie says they're ok, I assume that he is knowledgeable about the subject and that his opinion is based on good information.
Whatever our response to Syrians and ISIS, it should be more carefully thought out so as not to repeat all the many mistakes the West has made over the last 100 years that has led us here.
...and Bernie will stand by this position until the first Syrian votes Republican!
Just pick any of the other states aside from California to migrate to. Shits too crowded here fuck
Okay, but when *is* the time for demagoguery and fear-mongering? I've been waiting. 
demagoguery and fear-mongering can wait until I need it
[deleted]
Socialism without nationalism is a recipe for disaster.
Send them to Israel.


I now believe the world has gone crazy. 
Vetting refugees? [Check.](http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2015/nov/15/jeb-bush/jeb-bush-it-takes-almost-year-refugee-be-processed/)

"...once a case is referred from the UNHCR to the United States, a refugee undergoes a security clearance check that could take several rounds, an in-person interview, approval by the Department of Homeland Security, medical screening, a match with a sponsor agency, "cultural orientation" classes, and one final security clearance. This all happens before a refugee ever gets onto American soil."

And then they don't know what state they're going to.

Surveilling Muslim communities for radicals? [Check.](https://www.aclu.org/factsheet-nypd-muslim-surveillance-program)

In fact, the NYPD is so overzealous about this that they're getting flak for violating the rights of Muslim-Americans.

I should also remind you that the US has already resettled +130,000 Iraqi refugees, a lot of whom probably have a legitimate bone to pick with us over the invasion of their country in the first place. Most of them are doing great. The government arrested [two of them for attacking US soldiers back in Iraq](http://abcnews.go.com/Blotter/al-qaeda-kentucky-us-dozens-terrorists-country-refugees/story?id=20931131), but besides that, the other 129,998 are mostly doing great. 
And it is not time to simply paint all opposition as demagogues and fear mongers.  Neither does the argument justice.  I am all for refugees, but there are questions needing answered first.  Namely, what is the best way to deal with the crisis?  And that begs the question as to why we are not requesting sternly or pressuring parties in the region who can do the most with the least cost and where the refugees actually stand a chance of repatriation after conflict to step up their response and help coordinate that if necessary.  If refugees require genuinely relocating from the entire region, then it is addressed rationally with an eye to most needy and certainty of origin.
Cant we all just make a deal with china and have them live in one of those unpopulated cities 
"It's *always* the time for demagoguery and fear mongering!"  --GOP
Fine, but don't come crying to me when ISIS strikes on our soil with terrorists posing as refugees, as they have vowed to do.
We can't allow the terrorists into the country!
Good, it's settled then- they go to Vermont.
Being that it is known that daesh infiltrate at times by posing as refugees there is nothing wrong with not accepting them. We don't have enough resources to keep an eye on all the crazy people in this country as it is. Why bring in more?
[deleted]
The Shoe Bomber was a Muslim.

The Beltway Snipers were Muslims.

The Fort Hood Shooter was a Muslim.

The underwear Bomber was a Muslim.

The U-S.S. Cole Bombers were Muslims.

The Madrid Train Bombers were Muslims.

The Bafi Nightclub Bombers were Muslims.

The London Subway Bombers were Muslims.

The Moscow Theatre Attackers were Muslims.

The Boston Marathon Bombers were Muslims.

The Pan-Am flight #93 Bombers were Muslims.

The Air France Entebbe Hijackers were Muslims.

The Iranian Embassy Takeover, was by Muslims.

The Beirut U.S. Embassy bombers were Muslims.

The Libyan U.S. Embassy Attack was by Musiims.

The Buenos Aires Suicide Bombers were Muslims.

The Israeli Olympic Team Attackers were Muslims.

The Kenyan U.S, Embassy Bombers were Muslims.

The Saudi, Khobar Towers Bombers were Muslims.

The Beirut Marine Barracks bombers were Muslims.

The Besian Russian School Attackers were Muslims.

The first World Trade Center Bombers were Muslims.

The Bombay &amp; Mumbai India Attackers were Muslims.

The Achille Lauro Cruise Ship Hijackers were Muslims.

The September 11th 2001 Airline Hijackers were Muslims.

The Paris bombers were Muslims.

But by all means, let's let thousands of muslims come here without vetting them first.
People should actually do some research on the process of Taking in refugees. You can't blame an entire race of people for the few evil ones that lurk within.
A socialist condemning demagoguery. Lol!
It's never the time for demagoguery and fear-mongering, but right wingers will do it anyway.  Right wingers have had a deep hatred of immigrants throughout history.  It doesn't matter where they come from.  In the 1800's, when the US was experiencing mass immigration from Europe, right wingers also used demagoguery and fear-mongering to incite hatred of immigrants.
Just taking in refugees is like putting a bucket under a leaking pipe and not fixing the leak. We have to attack the problem at its core. Here is what we should do: 1) Let all refugees in until all the good Syrians are out of Syra, 2) Nuke Syria into oblivious to end the war there, 3) Rebuild Syria and let the refugees return to their home which is now war-free
Honestly bernie is starting to loose me...And I've been on this bernie train for quite some time now. I wonder how many terrorist attacks and Deaths would have to happen before people relize that there is a correlation between refugees and these terrorist attacks or maybe people just don't care. His debates have been pretty lack luster (I thought he would shine) but he  has been more or less saying the same things over and over.

Of course the blind bernie lovers will downvote because lord bernie can't do nothing wrong...I'm strong liberal on most issues but come on guys wake up you seem like sheep if you never question your favorite  politician.
[deleted]
Sanders seems like the only candidate that did his vocabulary homework in school.
Theres no oil to be had in accepting refugees so why bother right?
If banning things will prevent Americans from being killed why aren't guns banned? 
I don't hear conservatives in this thread calling for guns to be confiscated because some people get shot 
Guys, every other day 180 people in the USA alone die in car accidents. The people in France are no more dead then 360 or so that have died since the attacks while driving in the USA. Why are you so afraid of something so unlikely as being killed by a terrorist.
It's gunna be some sweet irony when some terrorist does something in the next few years and we find out the reason he was radicalized is because the US turned him away when his family attempted to get refugee status.
"Fear-mongering", says the guy that claims Climate change is the greatest danger we face today. Right Bernie.
I am not a Bernie supporter what so ever, but I do agree with him on this issue.
Not like the brazen giant of Greek fame,
With conquering limbs astride from land to land;
Here at our sea-washed, sunset gates shall stand
A mighty woman with a torch, whose flame
Is the imprisoned lightning, and her name
Mother of Exiles. From her beacon-hand
Glows world-wide welcome; her mild eyes command
The air-bridged harbor that twin cities frame.

"Keep, ancient lands, your storied pomp!" cries she
With silent lips. "Give me your tired, your poor,
Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free,
The wretched refuse of your teeming shore.
Send these, the homeless, tempest-tossed to me,
I lift my lamp beside the golden door!"
Bern baby Bern, great leadership from Bernie whilst Hillary shrouds herself in stories of being the senator from NY during 911... That doesn't help Hillary! You voted for the pre-emptive War on Iraq and the Patriot Act, she reacts emotionally not rationally. Bernie keeps his eye on the general will and greater good for all in international affairs. Vote Bernie Everyone!
Mind if I point out the fact that it's France's allies as a whole who are supporting this war, not *just* President Obama who's rounding up troops.
"now is not the time for demagoguery and fear-mongering."

Implying there is a time for both, Mr. Sanders.

I would like to know when he feels there is a time for either, presumably before he ran for president and after he wins (if he wins).
Can we help refugees from Latin America too? Horrible shit going on in these countries too. Yet everyone seems to hate them and have no problem sending them back to die. 
Can someone explain the refugee situation to me?  Being from the US, we don't... get many of those here.  I'm not quite sure what it entails.

Are they moving here permanently?  Sort-of like emergency immigration?  Or are we just allocating land for them to camp on and providing for them in the interim?

I'm okay with pretty much anything that lets them in and doesn't lead to a segregated Syrian population in the USA.


I am absolutely not worried about a situation like Paris happening here in the US.  Our shitty police state is bad for a lot of things, but it's damned good at preventing that sort of deal.  It would take orders of magnitude more force to successfully do the same in an American city(I'm not judging Paris, just explaining why I'm not worried about it here).
Jesus christ Sanders is cringeworthy since 1 in 5 of the people registered as refugees are real refugees while the rest are either Residents from other African countries or ISIS members
Uh. Yes it and always is the time to keep those scum out of the US. Quit being pussies ppl and keep that shit out! 
Spoken like a true idiot. 
The US can't have it both ways, if we feel we should take them in then we should have made every effort to keep their cites from being destroyed in the first place. 
&gt;"now is not the time for demagoguery and fear-mongering."

Continual demagoguery and fear-mongering is the bread and butter of the modern GOP - its how they get their base to the polls.
completely fucking idiot. 

just what i expect from someone who thinks socialism works.
**TIME OF DEATH OF BERNIE SANDERS CAMPAIGN: NOW**

CAUSE OF DEATH: UTTER CLUELESSNESS AND SENILITY

Why won't this idiot just quit, because he's gifting Hillary the nomination--the moron can't even follow up his Wall Street attack in a debate when she gave that bullshit 9/11 response--HE ACCEPTED IT. 

PLUS, HE SAID CLIMATE CHANGE IS TO BLAME FOR TERRORISM.

Damn it Bernie this is an election year.  It is *exactly* the time for demagoguery and fear-mongering.
All this hatred for Islam as a whole is horribly misplaced. 

People should focus their rage at the Wahhabi Sunnis, given they're the ultra-right-wing "behead those who insult Islam" types. Getting mad at some Ibadis or Shias for the crimes of the Wahhabis is like getting mad at Lutherans because a Catholic priest diddled some kids. 
So sanders has a room and job available for some of them, it dies he just want to spend other people's money on them?
This guy. Lol. This guy is the biggest idiot and farce of all this election cycle. Hey socialist Democrats. Why don't you ask the Hungarians and Czechs how many of the immigrants are actually from Syria? Stupid,  stupid,  stupid 
[It is all EU citizens so far. This can change with the hours, but so far it is quite clear it is an issue of internal domestic security.](http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/paris-attacks-police-arrest-man-carrying-same-passport-one-found-near-suicide-bomber-1529087)
Shame he doesn't have the same opinion on immigrants from south of the border.
Yes you need to bring in as many Democrat votes as possible. We understand that Bern. Fuck national security 
This country was built on freedom and as long as you're white with a gun and cattle to graze on whatever land you please after you leave church on Sunday morning after praying to the good lord Jesus Christ....you get that freedom too. 

That's what they meant when they declared independence from a tyrant and later wrote a Constitution outlining our rights. 
How can you not follow that up? What kind of journalist just lets that statement sit there and pivots to a different topic?
Let's be honest. Waterboarding is a war crime, and we have politicians masturbating over each other to justify it and bring it back.

Are we really that surprised that Trump has one-upped it, yet again?
&gt;And the other thing is with the *Americans*, you have to take out their families. They, they care about their lives. Don’t kid yourself. But they say they don’t care about their lives. You have to take out their families.

Change one god damn word and you are listening to ISIS.
Trump openly suggests behaving in the same manner as Fascists did in the last century behaved.   Nazis would round up innocent villagers and execute them for the acts committed by resistance fighters.  Trump suggests the USA do the same thing.
To stop crimes against humanity let's commit crimes against humanity.
Now watch Trump claim that he never actually said that.


Now I have a question. If Trump were to be elected and sworn in as President, as unlikely as it is, and he ordered the Pentagon to commit these war crimes, would the military have an obligation to resist or would they have to follow his orders under penalty of treason?
It's not a war crime if the U.S. does it.
Openly advocating war crimes isn't a new thing for the GOP, though.
The only reason we can stand on the moral high ground is because we don't sink to their level idiot. I am facepalming so hard.
Trump supporters, it's time to give up the goddamned ghost:

On what planet do you think this person wouldn't be the single most monstrous human being to occupy the oval office?  Literal Nazi tactics... Not the Godwin's Law kind, ACTUAL Nazi tactics.

Explain your support, because from where majority of Americans are sitting, you guys look more and more like White supremacists every day.
You can't expect Trump to know every minor detail of insignificant treaties we signed half a century ago. 
Does he not understand that most of those families hate isis just as much as we do? 
as opposed to doing them without saying anything?
We are already killing their family members with drone strikes.  The only difference is that currently we pretend like we are trying not to do it. Make no mistake , if we get Intel on a gathering of terrorist we bomb it, regardless of who is inside. At least trump is being honest about it. 
Gonna get him up in poles further with this one.  The worse it gets the better his ratings.
FWIW: [Hillary Clinton was for torture](http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2008/feb/01/barack-obama/clinton-changed-on-torture/) when it was politically expedient, too.
Can we just stop considering this guy a legitimate candidate? If people think he's an actual candidate, they're going to hate us even more. 
The one idiot to rule all idiots.. 
I.am.disgusted.


I have officially lost all hope for America, even if he doesn't win the nomination, the fact he still is RELEVENT after all this is beyond disgusting. I hope the robots take over and kill us all. They couldn't do a worse job
This is a great example of why I want trump to be president
Well I mean it goes back to the issue of you can't fight people who don't play by the rules with rules. you will never win that fight 
Can this subreddit cite anything other than thinkprogess.org?
This is going to get downvoted by the sensitive souls here but this strategy was also used by the Allies in WWII. They bombed the German city of Dresden to the ground, incinerating every man, woman, child and even animals. This city had zero strategic significance and Berlin was on the verge of falling, anyway. It is thought that it was done as a final blow to enemy morale. So, hate to break it to you, but the Nazis weren't the only ones who did this.

There was also a matter of two atomic bombs that were dropped on civilians, if you recall...
We had this problem in the South who wasn't white and could participate in the United States.
I feel like most of the time it's unfair to compare a politician to Hitler, but given Trump's stances lately, it seems like more than fair.
If he can get off the hook for saying this, then it clearly doesn't even matter what he says.
He really wants to get out of the race but his base won't let him.
If there was any lingering doubt about Trump's fascist tendencies, let it henceforth be removed. 
It's no different then the Russian method of dealing with terrorists. 
At least he *says* we're going to commit war crimes.  That way, when we commit war crimes, nobody can feel weird about it because one of his election promises was war crimes.
"To defeat terrorists, we must become terrorists."
Know who else kills/imprisons families for the crimes of individuals? North Korea.
From the article:

&gt; a tactic that would likely be considered a war crime.

It depends.  The Geneva Convention allows for innocent casaulties.  We are allowed to eliminate enemies wherever they may be hiding.  Not saying it is right or wrong, that is how it is.  Gotta love the trash headlines.
Insurgency wars are unbelievably complex when it comes to demarcating the line between Civilian and Combatant. If a group of combatants go back to their village at night to be with their families, is the Village a legitmate target? Are the wives acting in a support role if they cook them dinner? Is the insurgency group trying to use children as human shields? There are no clear answers. Trump believes they have been made into legitimate targets. I don't know if I agree, but this isn't a black and white case. We had this problem in the Philippines, Vietnam, and in our middle eastern conflicts. Saying trump is wanting war crimes is horrible click bait title without any substantive evidence on a very grey issue. 
Ok, 'merica, come on. It was all fun and stuff with this idiot actually running. But it starts to get serious!
I've said it before and I'll say it again. Donald Trump can't be serious, I'm more and more convinced this is all some elaborate ploy.
It worked for George W. Bush.
Surely killing innocent family members of terrorists wouldn't be used as an amazing recruiting tool by them /s
And Trumps numbers just went up another 5%. I wish I could be saying that with a "/s" at the end but at this point it's probably not.
I would never be for taking out families of terrorists, but history has showed what he is saying works. Though that is no reason to do it. 
Dammit, Donald. War crimes are supposed to be committed in secret, with plausible deniability, like Obama is doing.

I suppose this is one way in which liberals are right, and professional politicians like Dick Cheney, the Clintons, Bushes, etc would be better than amateurs like Trump or Jill Stein at running the fascist mass-murder machine known as the US Federal government.
Based Trump
In the absence of an official declared state of war, Mr. Trump is advocating murder.
Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Joseph Dunford recently conceded to the point that the U.S. is not at war (see below).

During the House Armed Services Committee, December 1, 2015, discussion concerning the United State’s military strategy in Syria and Iraq, Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Joseph Dunford Jr. states, "We are technically not at war", in response to  Virginia's 4th congressional district Republican representative, James Randy Forbes [Roll Call - House Hearing on U.S. Middle East Strategy, https://youtu.be/wP7j7VQpUyM?t=56m3s].
Rep. Forbes' line of questioning extends from 56m:03s through to 01h:00m:00s.
Israel bombs everyone everyday..
Meanwhile, Obama just commits them...

I'm not defending Trump, but let's not pretend the Democrats are not currently committing war crimes with their drones. Because they are.
So basically what the US is already doing under Obama's leadership. 
What? The US went to war in Iraq based on lies and committed so many atrocities all because the US was pissed at Iraq for selling its oil in euros! 

http://www.theguardian.com/business/2003/feb/16/iraq.theeuro
At least he's truthful about it
I appreciate that he's open about what every other candidate is going to do in secret.
We are not "at war" with ISIS, therefore there can be no war crimes.
I'm so sick of Fox blaming this George Bush quagmire on Obama. This would never have been a problem in the first place if George hadn't been best friends with the Saudis and went to war with Iraq.

The repubs are so crazy and warlike the world will come apart at the seams if they gain power again.
As opposed to Obama's plan to defeat ISIS:

- Give money and weapons to ISIS (rebels)

- Support the countries who are supporting ISIS (Saudi Arabia, Turkey)
and he's doing so because his target audience doesn't give a flying fuck about how it's dealt with, and someone openly saying that they would do whatever it takes is exactly what they want to hear.  None of that pansy-ass intellectual/thoughtful bullshit that adults in the room throw around
The war drums are starting. Can you hear them? 
Does he honestly think the international community will let the United States start rounding up innocent people for execution? What the actual fuck...
It's almost as if Trump would make a horrible politician. 
Why can't we just wage actual war, without resorting to crimes? We haven't even tried yet. We keep doing this whole scalpel/precision instrument BS against a decentralized enemy whose individual soldiers are fanatically motivated.
Of course he did.
*Puts tinfoil hat on*

It's getting to a point where it's almost as if Trump is purposely saying this in order for the "radical" bunch who tend to have guns to speak out, and have them put on a list for the federal agencies to track.
I'm pretty sure the way America is established basically ensures that Trump, or anyone really can't become another Hitler...right?
I've said it before and I'll say it again, sooner or later Trump is gonna come out and say he was trolling the GOP the entire time, and call them out for being so freaking scummy.
Considering 90% of his followers would be OK with nuking most of the middle east, this is not even slightly surprising.
When is someone going to Photoshop Joker makeup onto Trump's face?
Trump merely suggests it, while Obama has actually done it by killing Anwar Al-awlaki's 16 year old son via drone strike. War crimes....as if.
So he's basically justifying 9/11.
I openly suggest not giving him any more media attention.
Everyone this asshole opens his mouth, he hands the win to the Democrats. I hope he keeps it up.
War Crimes have never stopped Republican Candidates before.
I almost believe Trump was brought in by media moguls to bridge their content until the actual presidential race begins. Just ignore him. He'll drop out early once he's got his fill of publicity and the race actually turns into work
Let's be honest. We live in a very fucked up society. I'd say entertainment and media has been a huge part of indoctrinating society to be so numb to such fucked up things. Speaking for myself, being politically correct pisses me off, its like beating around the bush. I want the brutal truth and the truth is most of you are too weak to deal with these kinds of problems. World peace is a dream I wish we could obtain but given the sheer volume of people it's not gonna happen. 
I could see why someone might agree with this. If they're not going to 'play by the rules', why should we? Because we're better than that. That's why. 
ISIS can produce none of those families hate isis just as bad as megan kelly when she was on the US Federal government.
"A Shi'a controlled Iraq"...

Isis is made up of primarily Wahhabi Sunnis. 
He's got such a good feel for the whole "commander in chief" thing.
Is he talking about rewriting the Constitution?
What the fuck.
So Hiroshima and Nagasaki were war crimes.  Is this what we are saying?
I am honestly gob-smacked by how popular this asshole is with GOP voters.
Maybe I'm just in denial but I still can't see Trump as anything but a joke. I feel like when it's the primaries it's always a whackjob talent show but once it's the actual campaigning between candidates the fans of America's next top Derp are way outnumbered by the more reasonable folks that started paying attention.
Fine with me. 
Why just tonight my girlfriend suggested that we kill all the Muslims to prevent other mass shooting. Good thing she's not in control.
What's so funny is that the gop including trump cry and wail about multilated babies via abortions and yet they call for massive indiscrimate killings including children as long as they're of color. lmao
isis should just cut a deal with Saudi Arabia to jointly run that country. It's a caliphate, ready made.
Inagine how many new recruits isis would get because of this strategy...
trump is a joke. rubio will be the nominee.
I know somebody who actually thinks trump will win the presidency. The very last bit of my wilting faith in humanity was smashed and burned during that very moment.
I thought it would happen later in the campaign but I think this is where Trump starts to drop significantly in the polls. A comment like this is just absurd and can't even be remotely justified.
Hey, [it worked for the Russians.](http://articles.latimes.com/1986-01-07/news/mn-13892_1_soviets) Frankly I think he's right.
Pretty sure both parties have committed war crimes while in office so sounds like he would just be continuing the tradition. Why is this up voted so high I wonder?
ad
I just wonder, do a lot of people vote for trump? As in, how much %?

I'm also amazed with how supportive/how uncaring people are about this in this thread.
They're massacring families. We should give them a taste of their own medicine. The Bible calls for wiping your enemies out in Middle Eastern conflicts.
And I told this to a coworker and the first thing out of his mouth is..." Good. I agree. " this world is idiotic. 
So.... If we are all fuckin terrorists then aren't you as well? Get off your high horse on the internet. No one has to like anyone's opinion on anything but least deem your responses to the context of the original comment rather than tossing out bullshit that has nothing to contribute 
lol but i thought the recent shootings gave him the POTUS on a plater...

what a joke
I hear pundits suggest deportation of terrorist relatives here in the US from time to time. I suppose we'd have to do that first if we go this route and start killing their families. Either that or accept a society with government death squads...
Torture used to be  a war crime. We seem to ignore all that now.
You don't win a war by being nice.
think progress must really want to get trump elected, they cover him almost as much as the mainstream media does

The fact that this guy can lead the republican polls is a sad reflection on the american people. 


They leave out the fact that there is no entity on earth that could hold the U.S. accountable for "war crimes."

The ICC has no jurisdiction over the United States and we have an absolute veto power at the U.N. Security Council.

Yes, this is morally horrible and sick but that doesn't mean there would be any repercussions under international law if the United States were to actually do such a thing and given the history of the CIA and pentagon, we probably already have.


Abdulrahman al-Awlaki remains unavailable for comment.
This guy is running on a more blatantly Hitler platform than even Hitler ran on.
So? It's ISIS he's talking about destroying. I'm ok with torturing and doing whatever to those fuckers. 
Oh please, he's not suggesting anything the government isn't already doing/thinking of doing. He simply has the audacity of saying it out loud. Don't act all clutching-your-pearls scandalized.
I mean, I will probably get downvoted for this, but what Trump was saying, if you listen to the whole thing, is that we are fighting politically correct wars, and that the terrorists know that we won't bomb them if they have their families around them, so they purposefully place innocent people around them, and then our hands are tied, even if we know where they are, and ultimately if we are to win this, we should just bomb the hell out of them anyway.

So yes, Trump is, shockingly, saying we should bomb their families, but he is not saying we should be actively seeking out civilians and killing them as revenge or whatever, as 15 seconds previous he was saying "We should be doing everything we can not to kill innocent people."

So, he is not really advocating the seeking out and killing of innocents, but he is saying the shocking thing that if they are hiding among innocent people we should just bomb the hell out of them anyway, and that would actually stop the terrorism real fast.

Now, he's probably right, they terrorists would wisen up real fast that human shields wouldn't work, but there is the question of how easily the propaganda would switch on the US of the innocents that had been killed could be used to recruit new terrorists... 

There's also fairly good evidence that targeting family members does work, considering the Russians did that quite effectively, even though it was morally wrong, it sure as hell worked.

So, I mean, hell, in WW2 we did actively firebomb cities and killed a lot of civilians.  The germans were actively bombing civilian targets over England, so we shelled them back in WW2.  There is a reason we created these treaties to not target civilians after the war.

Unfortunately, terrorists don't have the treaties that they follow and they do actively target civilians, so Trump is basically advocating a repeat of WW2 behavior from what I can tell.  Now, there's fairly good evidence that if we had decided to take the higher road and not bomb the Japanese cities with the nuclear bombs, the war may have gone on years longer, and the Allied forces, mainly US soldiers in Japan, would have involved in hundreds of thousands, if not millions more deaths, so it can be easily argued that the atom bomb was say, a necessary evil that resulted in less deaths in the long run.

Now, this situation is not exactly the same, but I bring it up to point out that the real moral question is, since the terrorists behold to no treaty and are actively trying to kill civilians themselves, should bombing these terrorists, regardless of civilian presence, to completely end them, be a necessary evil?

I think most people will say no, it's not ok.  But, again, this is being a little twisted here to say Trump is outright advocating the hunting out of women and children to kill them, when it's a little different.

But hey, I'll probably be downvoted for trying to make this into a more intellectual conversation than all the other stuff.
Obama has broken MANY laws with the pretext of preserving national security. What Trump is suggesting isn't nearly as atrocious as other crimes our government has committed.
There is only one thing you have to keep in mind about Trump. He is an entertainer, and the campaign, at its root, is a popularity contest that Trump's skill is giving him a leading edge with. However, there is a silent majority out there that isn't showing up in the polls that are not jumping on his bandwagon. Ted Cruz will eventually win.
Obama is currently and has committed war crimes for the past 7 years.  And Bush before him.  What the actual fuck is wrong with liberals these days??   They are so politically motivated to protect democrats than to be consistent in their ideals.  Sad. 
Silly liberals are ignoring the fact that thier poster boy Obama is the most vile war criminal today. "Obama's military bombed a hospital? Forget about that, look at Donald Trump!" 

Liberals who support Obama and Hillary are the lowest form of cowards. They are pieces of trash that look the other way when thier own team commits atrocities, but never fail to attack everyone else for the smallest of microaggressions. 
I am starting to think that Trump was actually contracted by the Democrats to create this "candidate" that will says crazier and crazier things that make him totally unsuited for president, and will make people vote for the Democrats. Right? Right?
This man should not be a leader. There are real military strategies that work. Killing noncombatant women and children is what monsters do. And it also is seen by those around and reinforces the idea that we are the great devil. It solves non of the long term societal problems of terrorism. I think we should crush ISIS, but is he really proposing to kill children? I know that's who care about. 
Speaks volumes that the Fox "reporters" gave him a pass and didn't follow up on his statement. Not that I am surprised, because it is Fox after all.
Did he seriously just say that climate change is NOT going to kill us?
We already do targeted extrajudicial assassinations, bomb hospitals, and keep people in indefinite detention. What's the difference?
"To Defeat Trump, ISIS Openly Suggests Committing War Crimes"
He just wants to get back in the spotlight.
That was how Saddam Hussein controlled radicals in Iraq. 
I'm confused do I upvote for thinking this guy is nuts or downvote because he's bat shot crazy? 
Obama constantly ignores laws he doesn't care for all the time, nobody bats an eye.
While I don't support Trump (or any of the GOP) - his completely unfiltered honesty is refreshing compared to 99% of other politicians. And you know a huge majority of politicians privately feel the same way, considering the utter absence of outrage at the 'collateral' damage caused by drone strikes to now.

His policies and ideas might be turds, but he's upfront about them and doesn't try to sell them as gold nuggets.


Not even going to read the article.  Still voting for him.
Seriously, AMericans, don't vote for him, or we're all fucked.  Even if you want to for "shits and giggles".
Oh dear Lord, what an egregious thing indeed to suggest killing the families of those that would very quickly kill yours.

Who's to prosecute the terrorists that killed over a hundred people in Paris? Why should the enemy be allowed to commit so-called "war crimes", when we are left to fight within the constraints of the law?

Nobody's actually proposing we kill the families of *suspected* ISIS terrorists, but if getting to their families is what it takes to get to them, and if it's us or them, I choose us.
Trump has the balls to say he would do EXACTLY what Bush and Obama ARE DOING.  What the fuck do you think drone strikes on weddings are?  On cars leaving houses?  Family of these maniacs get killed EVERY DAY by the US and our allies.  Stop the fake outrage liberals.  The game is up.  Nobody is buying your bullshit anymore. 
It's becoming more and more likely that Trump will be our next president. The nation is sick of the failures of Obama that we are going to elect the exact opposite of the do nothing messiah 
The mere notion of war crimes if ridiculous. If you are willing to admit you are at War, it means just that. It's life and death for everyone involved. You are killing and defeating the enemy at any cost. Yes that includes civilians.  Somewhere along the line we tried to make war some kind of game with rules and it's not.  It's the most primal and basic form of conflict we have and to pretend like you are holding some moral high ground while still admitting you are at war and want to destroy your enemies is both hypocritical and foolish, because I can assure you the losing side are not worried about things like war crimes  
Terrorists do commit war crimes themselves. Not saying the Don is right in what he said, but what do you do about crazy people killing thousands of innocents? I guess what im saying is if the other guy isnt playing by the rules how should we handle it? Its a touchy subject i know, but there has to be some way to compromise on a solution.
I have no problem with committing war crimes against enemies of the state. What's the problem here? 

I swear, none of you people would have survived five hundred years ago. Too weak and soft. 
ISIS isn't a country so fuck 'em
At least he openly admits it, right? Stop with the fake outrage, our governments been doing this shit since forever.
Trump lies, Fiorina lies, Clinton lies, Huckabee lies, if there was a contest the race would be too close to call.

On the way to DC last week I stopped in NC for breakfast.  Bubba was talking to Bubba first about BaMa and how he must be crazy but then they moved to Trump waterboarding. 

They were convinced that waterboarding was the answer to ISIS putting people in iron cages and dipping them in the ocean as related by Trump.  Problem is neither Trump nor the Bubbas were cognizant that ISIS has no territory next to any ocean.  Were exactly were they dropping people in these cages?

Trump has doubled down on the "thousands of Muslims" tail gating to celebrate the 9/11 attack.  Did they hear about it in advance?  How did they get the picnics packed and the tail gates put down much less the brisket cooked before the attack so they could watch it from NJ?  How did they keep Christie from eating all the brisket is a much more interesting question?

Facts seem to be a rare commodity in this election cycle and the candidates supporters don't seem to care.  In the latest poll 59% of Trump supporters and 60% of Clinton's supporters don't trust them but yet they are ahead.  The US has gone bonkers to use a technical term
I'm no Trump fan but there are only two ways to fix this problem.

We withdraw everything from the mid-east including money and trade and yes I mean from Israel too.

OR

We carpet bomb the entire region until everyone is dead. The "Sheet of Glass" option.

Anything else will just result in more terrorism and resentment.

Personally, I vote for option #1 but "technically" Trump isn't wrong.
Atomic Bomb Ends WWII
http://www.history.com/topics/world-war-ii/world-war-ii-history/videos/atomic-bomb-ends-wwII
More Trump Derangement Syndrome,  while reddit scrubs the terrorist attack in San Bernardino off the front page.
That would make sense if we were actually at war. If you think this conflict with a fringe terror group is war, you're in for a big surprise when things like this escalate to an actual war.
When is the GOP going to say enough is enough with Trump? He has made terrible and often time false claims. He has alienated so far women, minorities, Muslims, and people with disabilities. He has literally stated he would commit war crimes. Who in the fuck is going to vote for this man? Who in their right mind would put this man in a position of power? The only demographics and groups that he appeals are most likely hate groups.
If you don't want the majority running toward the extreme right, make sure you provide a leftist alternative who is at least honest about religiously motivated violence.
Just wow. If this guy win's, I think half of the country is going to Canada.
**This is also war crimes that have been commited!** 

* Turning a Wedding Into a Funeral: U.S. Drone Strike in Yemen Killed as Many as 12 Civilians - [Link](http://www.democracynow.org/2014/2/21/turning_a_wedding_into_a_funeral)

* Media SILENT After Obama Bombs This HOSPITAL - [Link](http://www.thepoliticalinsider.com/media-silent-after-obama-bombs-this-hospital/)
Hard to treat ISIS as a Geneva war treaty member when the are beheading, suicide bombing, and using civilians as human shields.  Screw em.   vote trump 2016
It's just an evil idea. You can't support this idea and be a moral person. 
We are not going to defeat Isis without committing war crimes... So yeah.
It's funny how liberals think there are "rules" to war. 
Yes, pay attention to the circus clown, that'll get him to stop.
As far as war crimes go it depends how bad things get and what is at stake. The fire bombings of Dresden and nukes on Japan come to mind. If you win it's not a war crime because you decide what is crime. In fact Curtis LeMay stated : "If we'd lost the war, we'd all have been prosecuted as war criminals."
Since when does not killing the innocent considered "PC"?  Pretty sure war as a whole hurts people in a number of ways - don't quite see what's so politically correct about that.
War crimes? We'd actually need to be at war officially first.
Is this fucking for real? Wow. I actually had a rationalization for why he might be needed but fuck this. History does not need to repeat itself. 
Honestly what is worse for me is that Donald Trump doesn't believe climate change is enough of a deal that sending the VP would be someone to high in position to the Paris Climate Change meeting.
Insurgency wars are unbelievably complex when it was too expensive not feasible they went the other guy isnt playing by the rules of civilized warfare.
yes yes, join the dark side!
Now we know how to get rid of Trump.
Totally not fit to be even considered a candidate for the presidency.
Dictator mentality I can do anything I want if I am elected 
And still his hillbilly electorate will vote for him.

Why is Trump still being considered a serious candidate?
Yes, it's called [collective punishment](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Collective_punishment) and if any one thinks the US would never do it, I have two words: My Lai.

President Trump could utterly shred what little respect the rest of the world has for the US. 
How does it go? "Fight fire with fire"?

I might just work.
Why not? It worked for W.
Good.  Defeating Isis is far more important than worrying about some legal technicalities. 
I don't agree with Trump that we should target women and children. 

What does piss me off is that the enemy does this constantly. Then - when we have any collateral damage at all then all of a sudden we are big bad America and committing war crimes. 

It's like going into a boxing match and the opponent keeps head butting and low blowing. The referee (the UN?) just lets it happen and keeps giving warnings but does nothing else. It's pretty hard to keep your cool and want to stick to being a good technical fighter. You want to hit the guy back in the nuts. Not saying you should but damnit does it piss me off. 
Nice username OP, no bias whatsoever
I still don't get how there are rules to war. War is literally you disagree with me so I'm going to kill you as a last resort. Why would you care HOW you kill them? All that matters is they either do what you say or die. It's not like you're any better for sparing them a little adversity. 
Well it worked for the Russians 
Do war crimes apply the same to terrorist organizations as they would a country or government?
I have no problem with this.
Conspiracy to commit? Lets book em!
...how is this even allowed. I thought Romney was out of touch with reality, but Trump is a whole new breed of ignorant.
Wait, didn't the Bush regime torture people?  There IS precedent. 
He's not a real candidate.
I am often torn between, Is this guy the most horrible human on the planet? Or is he purposely saying all this ridiculous stuff to further alienate himself from actually winning the presidency? But the thing in, he gets more votes with every lie and every horribly offensive thing he says. Why is this working for him? Seriously. Is he really just trying to make the republicans look as stupid as they really are? I don't understand. I stay up at night thinking about why this guy is even considered for being the president of this country. 
And that's why none of you guys is going to vote for him, right?

...........right...........?
Worked for Bush...oh...no. wait..no it didnt..thats why we have isil
Sanders is cool with bombing the fuck out of Yugoslavia and supporting Israel.
At least Trump will do something.  Obama does NOTHING.  We're not taking out the JV team, giving them means and opportunity to attack the west.  We could easily beat them, if only we had the leadership.
There should be no rules to war. It's fucking war. Americans need to stop being such pussies about everything.
That's how wars have been won all throughout history. This whole "ethical war" pussy footing around trying to minimize civilian death just isn't working. In WW2 we vaporized two cities, and firebombed the fuck out of another, and we went to war with their Shinto religion and we snuffed it out. Now look at the Japanese today and imagine where they would be if that didn't happen, they would still be worshiping their emperor.

Extreme violence can cause less suffering overall.
yellow journalism at it finest

the hand-wring over Trump by the media is hilarious, its reached new heights of dildos 
In war the way it works is whoever loses the war commits war crimes. The winner does not. That's why surviving Nazis were given war crimes trials while the perpetrators of the Dresden firebombings were not.

So if we can win the war against ISIS I suspect that any tactics we use will not result in war crimes trials. 
"War crimes" is just PC argle bargle. The Geneva Convention was an SJW meetup.
Eye for an eye.
And *this* is why you don't elect Reality TV buffoons to the White House.
In order to defeat ISIS and similar terrorist states, we need to restore the respect for the west. In order to do that we need to push ourselves harder. In order to do that we need more economic freedom. But thats never going to happen, because more economic freedom means less economic power for the government. It will do everything it can to maintain and tighten its grasp on the economy. Meanwhile everything is slowing down, nothing new or interesting is being produced, quality is decreasing, buildings, roads etc. are decaying, and ISIS is getting all the glory. They laugh at us. What coward downvotes this?
Would it be war crimes if isis Is not a nation?
We did nuke 2 cities filled with innocent women, men and children and that ended Japan perhaps saving hundreds of thousands or more of American lives. 


I'm note sure of the solution but don't pretend we haven't done far worse. 


Much better than doing nothing like Obama did in Syria. Look at europe now it's in meltdown mode. 


TRUMP 2016 BABY

MAKE AMERICA

GREAT AGAIN

The only war crime going on here is the sabotage of the Republican party's chance of relevancy for decades to come.
God fucking dammit Trump.  

Allow me to Godwin - he is becoming more and more Hitler-esque by the day, and he is somehow leading in the Republican primary polls.  

Does the GOP learn nothing from history?
Its strange seeing people assume war crimes aren't being committed by both parities, yes, even the Anglo saxon, America, does it. But when someone whose already disliked by Bernie Sander supporters, or someone who doesnt support him, says something like this, it just justifies there *personal* opinion towards this person(Trump) and why the person they are in favor with, should be prime minister/president. 
why hasnt any one said it .. yet. . this guy is hitler!
I mean... when it comes to defeating ISIS, I guess I don't really care what violations we commit to make it happen. It's a bit more important than playing by the book, here.

But don't listen to me, I just reacted to the headline and didn't really read into any of Trump's actual statements. There are probably some aforementioned 'war crimes' that I would be totally against, even in context,... but alas I'm a lazy generalist.
I would take out the entire city block where they grew up. I would let the entire Muslim world know that if anyone from their community commits terrorist acts, the entire community would be leveled. After a few communities were leveled, the elders of remaining communities would be turning the violent bastards in so their houses and possessions wouldn't be destroyed.
yeah i just have no simpathy for muslims. so go for it. i would rather see 10 million die now then 50 million suffer and die over the next decade or so
