From the BBC live text:

&gt;Neymar has just scored an absolute gem of a goal for Barcelona. Jamie Vardy-esque.
See the anticipation from Suarez, he knows exactly where Neymar will go to celebrate. Football genius
It's not often that I stand up and clap in an empty house.

EDIT: Going to add other angles since they seem to be buried pretty down:

[Alternative angles](https://streamable.com/5gyb)
Two things I know are fact in this world:  

1. I explicitly stressed that Neymar was overrated at Santos and it was because he was in a weak league that he looked so great.  
2. I am a moron.  
  
Edit: Also, you can see the look on Suarez's face before the assist that he knew he was going to deliver that ball in to perfection.
HOW MANY DAYS UNTIL THE CLASSICO
I'm just gonna leave this here for comparison:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Hq8nHSXxbU
That was so good. Neymar is class
PUUSKAS QUE PARIUUU!
fuck me
I am... just... ugh


Messi died for this. The moment he was injured, Neymar became the best footballer in the world.
Trying to steal Williams' shine.
First thing I thought: The ammount of karma this is going to get. Unreal.
Just got back from the game,  we were sat right behind the goal and let me tell you,  he's truly special.  He was dancing on the ball all match,  like it was attached with string.  He was absolutely phenomenal all game,  and whilst Suarez is absolutely world class,  and played a fantastic match with some extremely intelligent play,  Neymar is on another planet right now.  The only danger he faces is his own petulance, which could see him in hot water if he's not careful.  He was definitely the best player on the park tonight.  Absolutely speechless at this goal.  
The quality of the football in La Liga at the moment is immense. The Premier League feels like a pale imitation. In decline for about 5 years.
What a fucking goal!
World class turn with a world class finish. Incredible goal.
The fact that you sometimes forget that there's no Lionel fucking Messi in the squad is just testament to how incredible this guy is playing.
Won't be long before a Brazilian is once again the best player on the planet and the world makes sense again.
Neymar is approaching different planet territory
Oh. My. God.
[all angles](https://streamable.com/5gyb)
http://d31lhw9jl22o65.cloudfront.net/soundboards/rayhudson/03magesterial.mp3
Neymar is fucking mad, best player in the world on current form!
He just mugged that Villarreal player's entire family and ancestors.
And its absolutely wonderful from Neymar
Remember when people thought Hazard was better than Neymar?
Good Lord. The ball from Suarez was excellent but that is something else from Neymar.
Pure jizz
Barton's tweet about neymar's goal
https://twitter.com/Joey7Barton/status/663402355950534656
I don't care what anyone says this man is the best player in the world on current form
HOLY SHIT
Unreal goal,great pass by suarez too
That goal was 100% Jesus
Ronaldinho, is that you??
Best player in the world atm.
Neymar you fucking God.
Lol who is the one person downvoting all of this http://i.imgur.com/iK9Vxyb.png
thats was a goal
10 goals, 6 assists in 7 matches.

*gave the penalty to Suarez today.
Probably Neymar's best goal for Barcelona so far.
Crazy good
Christ alive...
Insane Goal.
"And maybe Neymar."
Not too bad for a youtube player who can't make it in europe.
I admittedly was among those would thought that Neymar would be a Robinho-esque flop. 

I was wrong. Very wrong.

You could feed the poor of São Paulo with the egg on my face.
Neymar deserves the second place in the Ballon d'Or behind Messi. Hands down 2nd best player in the world.
My roommate just went from dead silence to screaming after that goal 
WTF
They're saying that's the Neymar goal of the season so far.  
And the pass was fucking surgical. Not stopping those two right now
Fucking hell, if that doesn't win goal of the season I don't know what will.
barcelona's offense is frankly bullshit.
Fucking filthy.
Damn 
incredible goal
Early Puskas award nominee
"Is he going to volley it.. oh shit oh wow"
Holy fucking shit that was amazing
Absolute beauty. Kid's going to be a Ballon d'Or winner soon.
Let's hope he can live up to his billing as the next Inaki Williams
I was sitting at a pub while this was on, almost gurgled my beer out.
Neymar, Douglas Costa, Willian and Coutinho (all in great present form) should make the match against Argentina a very interesting one to watch if they all get to play. 

Too bad Dunga is such an idiot and that's probably never gonna happen.
Even my balls are hard right now 
Incredible goal.

Neymar should be in the top3 ballon d'or, absolutely.
That was absolutely rancid
Brilliant, just brilliant.
Just unreal how's he's been playing lately.
Unbelievable, what a goal. Neymar in the form of his life right now. 
Pure Filth from Neymar.
Neymardinho!
The fucking calmness about the finish is awesome!
That is unreal.
Neymar haters can suck it 
MAN! Young Neymar seems to be unstoppable this season.... 
Quite possibly the best player in the world right now. 
Hes probably the 2nd best player in 2015.
He's good, but can he handle European defenders?
JESUS LORD I LOVE HIM
That had a touch of Ronaldinho about it! 
Gg but when's the classico 
You know, maybe El Classico can wait.. 
What a pass from Suarez as well
that first touch by suarez ..
That was unrreal
AGAIN! **O REI NEYMAR**
the stats since Messi’s Injury in all competitions:
Neymar: 10 goals and 41 chances created in 9 matches--
Suarez: 11 goals and 19  chances created in 9 matches--
Muller: 7 goals and 17 chances created in 9 matches--
Lewandowski: 11 goals and 2 chances created in 9 matches--
Aubameyang: 11 goals and 10 chances created in 8 matches--
Ronaldo: 5 goals and 10 chances created in 8 matches--
So people who say while Messi is injured Ronaldo is the world's number one should rethink that. clearly Neymar has been the best player in the world.
What the actual fuck!
He has really stepped up big time in Messis absence. Incredible goal. 
"I almost had a bowel movement when he scored that goal" - Ray Hudson
HOLY FUCKING SHIT
That ball from suarez, and the touch from neymar, HOLY FUCK.
I'm just here for the massive karma this post will get
What a fucking goal. Reminds me of the sort of magic Ronaldinho would pull.
Ronaldinho-esque. Unbelievable.
Some ronaldinho type shit right there  
Nah gawd he had a family!! Love how he gives the ball to Suarez, gets it back and does this. How he let Suarez take the penalty earlier. I love you my son!!!
The hit right off the flick...damn. Barcelona has really made him even more of an insane finisher
...
the fuck is Danny Rose doing there dressed in yellow 
Did it remind anyone else of Gazza versus Scotland? 
Love Götze and all but I wish Pep had of gotten his man, I've been saying this for a while now, Neymar is the best young player in the world aside from Alaba, not only that but he's the second best player in the world since the beginning of the year and I don't see that changing anytime soon, he's getting better and better. 
The new Vardy? 
It still hurts me deep inside just how fucking good Suarez is.
Oh Neymar.. Just when i thought that Messi was injured and we could finally Get some distance, you show up. ^^^Great ^^^goal ^^^though ^^^:)
[deleted]
Just ridiculous. Not fair to everybody else.
Channeling his inner Ronaldinho
Unbelievable
Hey guys remember that guy Messi
Suarez' contribution was a benefit as well. 
Suares pass is stunning
100% Jesus, alright! 
In the words of Alex Williamson,

Get fucked, get absolutely fucked.
Anyone who knows football could have seen this coming. This isn't a surprise. I laughed at everyone calling him overrated in 2011. And then they'll praise the likes of Kane, Berahino or anyone who scores 10 goals in the PL.
God, I hate how good this guy is.. I can't bear how many years he's going to ruin my mood by doing ridiculous stuff like this.
The audacity to even try that!! MY GOD NEYMARRR
Neymar deserves 2nd for Ballon d'Or!!
My jaw literally dropped. No fucking way
Best player at the moment. Period.
Should be 2nd at the Ballon d'Or after Messi. 

He is having a better 2015 than Ronaldo. Similar statistical output, scoring in almost all the big games and winning all the trophies.
My god
WHAT A GOAL.
That fucking flick, Neymar. What a goal. He is suplime.
Dinho, is that you ?
Nice goal.  If he keeps his form he'll be better than Hazard



Lol
Can we just skip the rest of champions league and let Barcelona and Bayern play already.
*This* fuckin guy
As clean as Neutrogena!
he looks like a pretty good player o/
I was left staring for ever. 
he is unreal.
Oh god how the fuck do people do this on a football pitch against professional players
Noice 
Woah, that's some goal! Unbelievable tekkers!
Suarez made that pass look too nonchalant
Neymar is just a poor mans Iñaki Williams
To the top of r/all
It's rare to see the ball get flicked over someones head in the box, today we have seen it twice in La Liga. Unbelievable! 
This brazilian flair in barca colors kind of reminds me of Ronaldinho
Alter Schwede.
Puskas award contender. It'll be eligible for next year's right?
When Messi is gone, Neymar becomes Messi.
I love how the crowd was chanting Messi Messi Messi, then they switched to Neymar Neymar Neymar when the goal was scored.

I think we are very blessed to have players of such caliber in our team, a high caliber that fans would cheer your name even if you were not present at the stadium at all ! And 10s later they chant the name of the second best player in the world. Sensational !
Audience shouting "Messi" - they got Ronaldinho
hmmm - watch the Spurs Arsenal game, or just watch this on loop for another 30 minutes? Choices...
Without messi, barca with S&amp;N is still unstoppable! insane!!
carai mano
Love how it cuts to the Villareal player. "Bruh"
[Haters gonna call him a ...] (http://i.imgur.com/wEBSiQT.jpg)
By curiosity, why are soccer highlights posted here almost always in French? As a French speaker, I'm not complaining, just wondering why. 
Not too late for Puskás nomination
Jesus Christ he's gonna win the Golden Boot, then in 2-3 years, he'll win the Ballon d'Or.
The assist is also amazing.
Just a shit Inaki mate
http://www.geeksandcleats.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/nick-young-confused-face.png
Whose was better? Inaki Williams's or Neymar's? Personally I think Williams's was prettier because he finished into the roof of the net 
Wow just wow
You know what, if Suarez didn't put that brilliant curve on it, it probably would have lined up perfectly for Neymar and he wouldn't have had to do that fancy over-the-head move to score.

But it worked out this way and it was a beautiful thing. Will be on everyone's top plays of 2015 reel for sure.
That ball from Suarez is insane. 
such an amazing player.damn.that goal was crazy.
Started the move on the halfway line winning a header to Luis, ended it in the box, sombrero over the defender and finishing like that on a volley. Goal of the season candidate.
How do you even defend that? By getting the ball up in the air the defender had to spin to recover and it gave Neymar just enough space to get the low volley off. 
He improved a lot since moving to Barça in my opinion.

There is no way Ralf and Alessandro would stop this guy now like in 2012's Libertadores.
A perverted goal. Fucking hell. Incredible running to get into the space too. 
Worst nightmare for a defender.
My reaction after Neymar scored that goal

http://i.imgur.com/29pAeq6.jpg
Magestirial Neymar!
Ronaldinho reminiscent! 
Brazilliant
He is tooooooo good, SN!
Ronaldinho would be proud
Que Golazo, shades of Ronaldinho with that touch, turn, and finish
Since Messi's injury Neymar has been on a whole other level. This is the cherry on the cake
Jesus. Neymar and Suarez deserve 2nd and 3rd on the podium. Both of them are outscoring and just in general outplaying Ronaldo by a good distance right now.


(Watch Ronaldo make me eat my words and score 5 vs. Sevilla)
That Neymar guy's pretty good eh?
Words can not explain how happy Neymar has made me these past few weeks 
TO THE FRONT PAGE!!!!
Woah!
It's funny when people say he's overrated.
Amazing.
11th goal of Barca's number 11 in the 11th Liga match
But he's just a flashy Brazilian who looks good on youtube...
O but Neymar isn't that good, his team makes him. /s 
Dancing around in Europe like he's still in the Brazilian league lmao
holy shit it has everything. great touch by Suarez. then he makes a clinical cross look as casual as lacing your boots up. then there are no words to describe how nasty Neymar was on the finish. even he knew he just did some other worldly shit you could tell by the all business look replacing the wide grin we usually see in gis celebrations. ill.
Hoooooly shit
Yeah, OK, i came.
Now thats CONFIDENCE!
That was some Ronaldinho-shit right there!
Oh my sweet jesus
Holy fuck.
Step aside, Williams. 
ಠ_ಠ
Future Balon d'Or winner for sure.
The geniality begins with the header to Suarez and ends in that disgusting goal
Huh. Pretty similar to Iñaki Williams' goal. Amazing.
What a pass.
You can tell Tyler had that line prepared for like a month
https://i.imgur.com/wcRMRCi.jpg
What a ball from Fuchs
What an insane pass
Did anyone else the slow motion replay of Vardy's celebration where you can see him mouth "ME! ME! FUCKING ME!"?
To anyone coming from /r/all wondering why this goal is upvoted so highly:

Jamie Vardy plays for Leicester City, who were recently promoted to the Premier League. He just broke the record for most goals scored in consecutive games for the Premier League. The old record, incidentally, was held by a Manchester United player (Ruud van Nistelrooy) and it stood for 12 years.

It's extra special because there are no expectations of newly promoted teams, and at the time of writing this comment, they're currently ranked #1 in the entire country. Also Jamie Vardy is known to be a bit of a 'chav', which means most people think he'd be better off on Jeremy Kyle than playing in the Prem.

EDIT: Make sure you read all the replies to this comment, lots of great information!
damn it... hat off to him
In 50 years time, when my grandchildren ask me about the footballing legends of old, I will tell them about Jamie Vardy...
"ALL ME, ALL ME, ALL FUCKING ME"

Did I get that right? Ha, unreal stuff. G'wan Vardy.
I actually cannot believe it, how do we have the record holding striker? It's such an amazing season.
THE VARDY PARTY HAS ARRIVED!
King Power Stadium chanting "He's Jamie Vardy, he scores when he wants!"
Leicester Legend
Congratulations you rat face bastard.
And thousands of football fans across the world text their United supporting mates "chat shit get banged".
Leicester 2 pass 1 goal

Man Utd 25 passes.... more passes
lol what is going on

this joke has gone on for too long now

at this rate Madrid really will sign him
Well this one at least can't end 0-0 
Lineker probably just creamed in his pants :"(
I can't wait to see Vardy in the Euros, right there, on the bench, watching Rooney look like a fucking joke on the pitch as we go out in the group stage.
Vardy's gf is gonna be chatting a lot of shit tonight..
I like the pattern cut into the pitch. Haven't seen that before.
BRING YOUR VODKA AND YOUR CHARLIE
Crazy to think that only a couple of years ago he was playing non league football and now he is smashing records.
If your striker on football manager scored 11 games in a row you'd be shaking your head and chuckling to yourself about how unrealistic that was.
VARDY PARTY VODKA CHARLIE!!!

Get in you beauty!!

Brilliant finish, deserves all the plaudits
What a time to be alive
Don't care what team you root for you can't help but feel so happy for Jamie Vardy
Is it too late to get free Karma for saying "What a time to be alive" or "chat shit get banged"?
Incredible - couldn't even make the bench for Fleetwood four years ago, now he's broken a record that all the PL greats - Henry, Suarez, Shearer, Cole, etc - couldn't beat.

Good lad.
Nice of United to just hand it to him
40 minutes in, top of r/all... This is more popular than the World Cup!
Why you gotta be so Ruud =(
it's already happening. Jamie Vardy: The Movie trailer
https://twitter.com/paddypower/status/670666518104027136
CHRISTIAN FUCHS FUSSBALLGOTT
Clean sheet get banged
Breaking van Nistelrooy's record against Manchester United no less.
Chat shit get banged!
"Manchester United used to counter attack like that" - Gary Neville

Couldn't have said it better myself... 
1200 upvotes in 8 min damn
His name will go down next to Messi in the history books. What a fockin' legend
What a time to be alive 
so wait... it was the LB Fuchs who sent that pass?

give him the #10 shirt and play him up the field! that pass was perfect!

and of course a great finish by Vardy
Here's Ruud's reaction https://www.instagram.com/p/-o2QwTlzcd/

Classy.
Vardy on Sky Sports "yeah, most important thing is we put in a good shift" etc (vaguely)

YEAH RIGHT!!!  -YOU CAME FROM NON LEAGUE AND YOU ARE NOW A LEGEND OF THE PREMIER LEAGUE!!!!

Only comparison is that fantastic Italian player who was picked for Italy in the world cup back in the 1990s, Schillaci?
Watching the game in a pub in Leicester. Shit fucking popped off.
Unreal!
What a crazy mother fucker. 
What a fuchsing pass.
Christian(o) Fuchs du geile Sau, was für ein Pass!!!
Leicester City's Wikipedia page just now

http://m.imgur.com/4vbieK5
3700 up votes in 45 minutes... soon-to-be top post of all time on /r/soccer? 
FUCHS MY HERO
I reckon Leicester are going to go and do it. Top 4 without an injury crisis. All the better because Spuds look fucking great, best for years.
#chatshitgetbanged
As strange as it sounds, I started crying when he scored. Never done that over football before. Just so much pent up emotion, and it was such a beautiful moment.
Shoutout to r/all for downvoting this
Dat pass by Fuchs though :O
The fact that it was against united is almost poetic
Okay this is insane now, congratulations to Vardy, there's nothing else to say. Fantastic achievement.
You can tell just how good of a player this guy is from the fact that as soon as Schmeichel caught the ball he started sprinting from the edge of the box.

That pass though, holy fucking shit.
That assist was like watching a master sniper at work.
Jamie Vardy - proud to be a Leicester fan today!! Well done that man!
Truly a story of (ankle) tags to bitches.
To the top of /r/all you go.
And now he will take Rooney's place up front for England as well.
Maybe going on to score in every match at the Euro's 

TOP LAD !!
Honestly I can already feel Florentino Perez' fierce stare soar past my house towards Leicester.
[deleted]
I remember at Uni a few years ago watching the build up to the first ever Blackpool - Fleetwood match, fleetwood were non league at the time and Vardy was one of the lads getting interviewed, he scored in a 4 or 5-1 loss. From there to this in just a few years. I've done absolutely fuck all in that time, fair play you gypsy 
Who was the assist? That was a delicious ball
Deserves it. One of the most hardworking players in the world and he's been amazing this season so far. Genuinely hope Leicester win the league, seen as we won't ;)
STORIES WILL BE TOLD, BOOKS WILL BE WRITTEN, MOVIES WILL BE MADE.

HE'S HAVING A PARTY, JAMIE VARDY'S HAVING A PARTY.

#chatshitgetbanged
It had to be against Man U as well. Really special moment.
Congratulations Jamie Vardy. He's emphatically demonstrated the value of non-league football in England. 

Great finish too. 
Hopefully Vardy and Kane can turn it up at the Euros next year. Congrats Leicester fans!
0 Fuchs given in that assist, great run by Vardy.
I love the way some player can go from almost completely unheard of to a household name in a matter of months in football. It's so nice to see.
That pass tho... 
That perfectly weighted pass though.
I love how all his teammates are genuinely happy for him
He deserves it, we just suck.  
It's eleven, its heaven for James Vardy
[No big deal, just $185](http://www.worldsoccershop.com/shop-by-player-vardy--jamie.html). 
Damn, who saw that pass coming???
All memes aside, he really is the real deal. Such quality.
But Jamie Vardy goes to 11 

http://riotimesonline.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/09/eleven.png
how fitting is this? Breaks Van Nistelrooy's record against his old team?
Pizza and hookers tonight
This boy is fucking quality. 
That was the most Jamie Vardy celebration ever!
I love this madman
Rats off to him. 
Incredible moment!! 
He got a place in the football history with this goal, so happy for him.
Everyone talks about Neymar being the second best in the world, but it's weird having Messi at #3 now. 
No matter what happened here, it was destined to happen. Glad it wasnt controversial in any way. Props to him.
Watch him equal the all-time First Division record vs Swansea: 12, Jimmy Dunne, for Sheffield United between 24-October-1931 and 1-January-1932, 18 goals in all.

Also, Vardy has now scored as many goals as Hazard, Giroud and Berahino did last season in the Premier League (14 each).
This guy fuchs
That was Vardy Ruud of him... i'll see myself out.
You gotta feel happy for the guy no matter which team you support, incredible achievement.
It's a Vardy party in Leicester.
Fuches pass was out of this world 
I really hope he doesn't stop here, but will set a record of outrageous proportions
Jaime Vargas, el heroe.
Made up for him! Nice to see a player outside that big 6 doing something remarkable like that. Shows the strength of the premiership. Hopefully all the journalists will stop being quite so patronizing to us less fashionable premiership teams now.
Vardy &gt; Premier League
Leicester Legend VARDY PARTY VODKA CHARLIE!!! Get in you beauty!! Brilliant finish, deserves all the PL greats - Henry, Suarez, Shearer, Cole, etc - couldn't beat.
My FPL captain doesn't take a day off. It's a tough opponent they said, his goal streak will stop they said. Jamie Vardy for Balon d'or. 
So happppy
FUCKING YES GET IN YOU PASTY CUNT 
I fkin love this man! Come on VARDY
fuck vardy look at that fuching pass!
That pass though!
Beautiful! Great pass and great control from Vardy. He kept his cool 
Well, he's getting bought this summer. Let the rumours begin.
Fitting that a record is broken vs. United. Seriously, the guy has been in insane form since the start of the year.
This season is fucked,  Damn vardy. Amazing players come from where you least expect them. 
What a pass before he scored.
Nice to see Leicester doing well.
I have to admit, this goal excited me, for reasons other than the record.

But congrats to Vardy!
Truly phenomenal ball played into him and then a super classy finish from Vardy! Amazing!
Holy Fuchs, what a pass
He started playing for PS30 / week and worked at a horsey in red crayon.
So it's just a joke..but he just said CHAT SHIT GET BANGED as soon as the ball went over the place haha You can tell /r/soccer had this post prepared for like a Bond villain.
Chat shit, get banged 
Hes footballs happy Gilmore.
Vardy has obviously made some deal with the devil
as an American with just a bit of knowledge about EPL, how in the world is Leicester doing it? is it all because of vardy?
Vardy to RM for Ronaldo + cash, Leicester turns around and sells Ronaldo for $90m, pays Liverpool $90m for Coutinho and to trade team names.



Liverpool wins the league.
Best non league player ever. Maybe.
David De Gea is the best keeper in the league? He gets beat through his legs too much.
The hype is real 
Let's be having a party then lads!
RECORD BREAKER
*it's eleven, it's heaven*
What a ball
What a beautiful pass to Vardy.
Florentino Perez will buy
That was a fantastic pass.
IT'S A VARDY PARTY! 
He's fucking done it lads.
Simply amazing. I really have no other insight whatsoever. It's just simply amazing.
What an absolutely sublime pass. 
I'm hardy for Vardy and you can too!
Incredible accomplishment!
he did the thing!
fucking yes m88888
Oh shit. We may have to soon consider the possibility that Jamie Vardy is actually a good player.
And history has been made!
what a season!
Vardy makes me love football 
Sooooooo on to the next one?
Absolute shit-fucking defending
What are they feeding him.
Sick pass
Not surprising at all. This guy was born to score goals.
WILL HE EVER STOP
Absolute lad
A wonderful inspiration for pikeys everywhere. 


What a run he's on though. Sensational.
Wow this guy is class,  congrats 
Hahaha 'Fuck off Van  Nistelrooy', brilliant stuff from the Leicester fans. 
I'm dying in the inside. Congrats to Vardy
Manutd lookin fooled all game by leicester
what record?
Vardy to Real confirmed.
Genuinely I'm so happy for this kid. Never too late. Stuff of dreams!
Amazing goal too! 
Yeah it's him That is his actual account/did he actually had a mullet back then.
What a man.
Still find this hard to believe. It's insane.
Another top notch finish from that lad :)
Congratulations Vardy. Well earned and no other fairy tale footballer life deserves it more. NOW LETS GO UNITED AND LETS GET THE WINNING GOAL!!! GGMU!
This is fantastic.  Good on ya Vardy.  And have fun with contract negotiations and approaches from all the largest clubs in the world over the coming 8 or so months.
Amazing form, fun player to watch, but that no look pass... W-O-W
seriously love how the United player tried to put the keeper off and then had to watch the ball go straight up the other end into his own net ! 
Fuck me, what a pass!
Good goal too.
Vardy is going to keep scoring til Christmas
TIL: Vardy is one fast running mother fucker.  
How much did the bookies lose on this I wonder?

B365 sorted me out with £12 😎
His confidence at the highest level.
TO THE TOP
fuchs take a bow
The goal was awesome along with the moment but damn that pass was phenomenal. 
I wonder if they're going to make a sort of Rocky style film version of his life (depicting his rise from non-league). I reckon Sean Bean would be up for it.
I bet he'll keep scoring and he'll score against us on Boxing Day (Leicester being a former bogey team of ours), I can see him extend the record to 15 easily (and 15 is the all time record in English football).
If there ever was a chance for a great football movie, this is it.
Goddamn! Just hearing the commentary gave me chills.
No look pass

The guy making the pass must have watched some Barcelona. 
The Leicester play looked like old time United, from the keeper with a quick counter attack.
Late to the (Vardy) party but damn that's a nice looking pitch.
Oh, God, now we're going to have to listen to all the awful Chat Shit Get Banged jokes for weeks 
Come on r/soccer! Make this the top post of all time
Watching this gives me a weird feeling. All these players that introduced me to football are now all old guys doing charity matches. That early 2000s generation of football is almost completely gone now. 
Good to see that Seaman can still jump as high now as he did in 2002.
Seaman putting a brave face on but inside he wants to tombstone him.
For context, Seaman was chipped by Ronaldinho in the quarter final of WC 2002. Still my most painful footballing memory...
I love how Seaman stands there like "Really, are we actually doing this Ron."
[Reaction](https://i.imgur.com/ii5aMpf.png)
That grin tho
I miss watching Ronaldihno in his prime so much.
[obligatory](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0oq974EmpBo)
It's funny how different timelines work in football. These players and  people here have all this nostalgia now of good days but these guys are actually just in their 30's-40's which is not really an old or declining time of any person's life but a good one when most people  start their family and kids. Yet from the comments one would feel that these are guys in their 90's recreating a world war 1 battle.
Almost didn't recognize him without the 70s pornstar mustache and ponytail. 
I know it's so enjoyable cause matches like these don't happen all too often, but man I love the atmosphere during those legacy matches.

Wouldn't complain at all if they took place more often.
I love how they're both grinning from ear to ear. Dinho, in his good days, was nearly always smiling on the pitch. I really think one of the reasons that Dinho in his prime was so filthy good is that he was having so much fun playing. 

The love for the beautiful game! 
That's a hell of a headline.
I wish there was a Legends league. No, I don't mean the MLS or India
First Nayim, then 'Dinho. Give the guy a break! #leaveseamanalone
I was stupidly enamoured with Ronaldinho when I was growing up. There was no footballer (bar maybe Dennis Bergkamp) that I idolised more. It just felt like everything he touched would turn to gold. He was as talented as they come, and he had the panache to match. It seemed like he loved every minute he spent out on that pitch.

As he grew old though, that magic seemed to fade. Everything we heard seemed to suggest the love was gone, and his spark slowly fizzeld as this notion grew stronger and stronger.

So this game was pretty special for me. It proved that the Ronaldinho I loved so dearly still lives. The flair, the heart, the moxie, it's all alive and kicking. And as lame as this all seems, there's was something really cool about seeing that.
[This video](https://youtu.be/gRAkfW91gcI) is what they're refering to btw.
RONALDINHO: lol look out m8

SEAMAN: u cheeky kunt 
i like this gif
You should always look twice before lobbing Seaman in public.
I love the 'Mate, come on' hands-on-hips look that Seaman has after he realises the shot is going over. Absolutely classic!
DAMN, I never know when awesome friendlies between legends happen :/
Watching this gave me a great big smile. As was customary if i were watching Ronaldinho back in the day. This guy brought singlehandly the fun back in football, especially on the greatest stages. This guy was an absolute grace for our beautiful game.
Where can i re-watch this game?
There's a rehashed joke about lobbing seaman from 20 yards to be made here.
We need more people like Ronaldinho in football.
Even tho it is just a charity match, I absolutely love how it looks like they're all just having so much fun. Weird seeing legends i grew up watching as old guys playing in charity matches. 
Seaman thinking "I'm gonna fucking two foot him if he comes close"
As a late '90s/early '00s kid, seeing David Seaman without long hair and moustache is something I can't stand.
I love how Seaman immediately looks towards Ronaldinho, puts his hands on his hips and gives him an "Ohhh yooouu" look
i'm on /r/all and I don't follow football at all (but do enjoy the sport). No idea who these players are but the gif made me smile despite all the negativity of the past week. Sports, organised competition. It's beautiful.
Man I love this clip so much for so many reasons
Seaman looks simply odd without the mustache.
The goal he scored in the world cup will forever haunt me. I was in Year 7 (First year of secondary school in the UK - 11 Years old), and we had come in to school early, 7am, to watch the England v Brazil game. We painted our faces and sat in our form room watching the game. Huge delight when Owen scored, but the feeling of being robbed by Ronaldinho. And I still don't think he meant it. Even though a slightly painful, I will always have that memory.
I miss these commercials: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=35YssZGCfIA
If I tried lobbing Seaman from 30 yards, I'd be put on a list.
"You cheeky fucker!"
game was a Unicef charity match for children, GB and Ireland team vs rest of the world, 14/11/2015

Result was [spoiler](#s "GBI won 3-1")


Goals:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WkIZWXl3Fa0


Full match:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rqJqWYBpsyE
That's brilliant! Seaman's reaction makes it even better.
Why is Ronaldinho the best pornstar ever? *Because he can lob Seaman from 40ft away*
Too soon
Seaman's reaction is priceless. 
I didn't get to watch this game, is there any way I could online? please help, thanks 
Absolutely love watching Ronaldinho playing football. He is so infectious, and his love for the game is true and pure. A fantastic ambassador for everything that is great about our game.
Feel sad to see Seaman can face it with smile. Time flies.
What's long, hard and full of seaman?

A Submarine.

---------
I don't know how to make the spoiler thingy.
Makes me so sad to see him having a relatively fit body again, but so late :(
Seaman's reaction is brilliant!
Ahhh Ronaldinho was such a magician  with the ball. I remember being mesmerized by his football in the  champions league match against Chelsea 
Feelsbadman. :(
How I won most of my Fifa World Cup 2006 games
You need big balls to lob Seaman from that distance.
Dave's De-Jar-Jar Vu
sneaky sneaky
That beautiful smile.
Risking click of the day. 
Classic banter
Ronaldinho was amazing player. World Cup in 2002 was my first WC. I remeber three pictures. The polish players when they lost which Korea (i'm Polish :) ),  photo with Argentinian fans when Argentina lost and Ronaldinho goal with England. This was this moment when i love Ronaldinho.
David pieman
Nothing like hardened chipped Seaman
That guy has potential. Where does he play at?
it's so strange to see him without a ponytail
this made my day. 
what wwre the rosters?
omg I miss him. 
Seaman doing a good Fatty Foulke impression but a little bit too late fo Halloween.
Their reactions are so cute :3
I just fucking love sport. A bunch of guys from all over the planet and of many religions all playing together happily. All agreeing to abide by the rules and have fun competing within them. A model for humanity surely.
Check out his Wikipedia page: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Seaman

"On 7 February 2015, Seaman married Dancing On Ice's Frankie Poultney whom he paired with during the shows 9th series. Seaman announced their engagement in December 2013. It was his third marriage. His previous 2 wives are both deceased and the cause of death in both cases was acute myocardial infarction triggered by excessive and repeated moustache titillation."
What would football be without Ronaldinho? 
LEGEND 🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐😆😆😆😆
Thats top noch sunday league defending right there
paul scholes had the better attempt
I love his smile.
Ronaldinho must have valuable Seaman.
Sweet only 1 week left til El Classico
Sven Goran Erikson  was so excited by David James performances on goal for England that he left Seaman on the bench 

I miss this man
Everything is back to normal in /r/soccer now.
Was Messi actually injured? 
Jesus
Those three are just insane. Mezmerizing!
That's actually one of the best team goals I've ever seen.

You know what's unfair, this is not even surprising anymore. Those three are an exhibition.
Good guy Alves
Hahah it's just really bad defending, right guys??

They can't *really* be that good! Right?

^Guys?

^^*sobs*
I instantly turned into arab football commentator, what a beauty
I swear, the podium for the Ballon D'or should be: Neymar, Messi and Suarez
the tikiest of taka
See, if Barcelona scored a goal like this it would be at the top of /r/soccer
I ain't even mad.
My god, this is one of the more fine goals I've ever seen.
If i dont see peak bayern and peak barcelona play each other this year i will be slightly angry
The passing, the movement, the Messi. Perfection on a football pitch. 
Dear Lord, that is filthier than shitting in your hands and clapping
Messi, Suarez &amp; Neymar being on one team should serve precedent for an antitrust violation in football.
Barcelona are pretty decent at attacking.
What do you even do? What the fuck can you even do against that?
Greatest front three of all time?
And they say tiki-taka is boring..
Alves what a bro
Never thought i would see this many Roma posts on the r/Soccer front page.
Love how Alves doesn't touch it
Neymar -&gt; Messi -&gt; Neymar -&gt; Messi -&gt; Suárez / ^^lob \  Messi / ^^lob \ GOOOOOOOAL 
THE MESSIAH IS BACK!
That was the Mona Lisa of goals. I could sit and watch it all day. 
5-0 now, this is one of the best players to ever play together.
What the fuck is this shit. How the fuck do you beat this shit. What the fuck 
Alves being a bro.
DAMN... 5-0 now, this is absolutely the best Barcelona squad. 
[MSN is back!](http://i.imgur.com/X1tzCd6.gifv)
Oh my
[I regret nothing.](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/enisEolQXnw/hqdefault.jpg)
He's Back
Let's face it, at this moment, Barca is just at a totally different level.  The set up of that goal is crazy, and the finish..... Well its a Messi finish, what else can be said. 
The assist for the goal was totally flithy. I think that was from Suarez. Such a deft touch.
What a goal. These guys are playing at an insane level nowadays. 
Holy shit.
tiki taka level: MSN
reminds me of Austrias team goal vs. Liechtenstein this year

http://gfycat.com/GoodnaturedDistinctItalianbrownbear
yep MSN are still scary af
Wonder what Ray Hudson would have to say about this one.
Two things that turn worse on videogames: Curry and MSN
ITT: No Real Madrid fans.
Someone upload this to Pornhub
Nothing Messi about that, that was clean.
If any Prem team scored a goal like that it would be goal of the season. That seems to be a standard Barca goal. All their goals are just amazing
Ray Hudson's balls have just imploded and exploded simultaneously. 
Superhero mode
http://giant.gfycat.com/FoolishCreamyGnatcatcher.gif
Incredible goal, my god.
AA?
Pure football. It's so beautiful.
Barcelona look fucking MAGIC this year; I smell another treble
It feels so great to have Messi back.
I guess Messi's back in shape. I haven't seen him chip like that since he chipped Neuer during last Champions League.
GOAT
There so in sync it's like they're kit numbers are 9, 10, and 11
That was insanely good 
Oh my what the fuck MSN. That was honestly magical
Falque thought about appealing for offside for a second before deciding "fuck it".
Shit is not even fair, jesus
Suarez can do anything.
You know at this point you should really just foul them.

Maicon grab his shirt and pull him the fuck down. So you'll get a yellow big deal.

But I guess it doesn't matter in the end because they gonna score some more anyway.
He's baaaack
I love how people used to worry about how selfish Suarez and Neymar would play with Messi on the same pitch.

Jumped off my couch for this one.
Tiki taka gone airborne
And they do it pretty regularly too.

Insane! 
What a fantastic goal. The one-twos, the finishing, amazing goal by clearly three of the best players to ever play together.
Well that was the most inevitable thing ever
Holy fucking shit
how you do that so good messi?
That's just exquisite. Utterly exquisite. The others teams in the competition might as well give up.
My eyes are not worthy
That's one of those goals you score in FIFA and realize you need to turn the difficulty up. Scratch that. I couldn't even replicate that beauty in a video game. 
It's not even fair...
wtfff wow
That wasn't messi, that was clean as fuck.
jeez those three are insane, also props to dani at the end for blocking that last defender from getting to the ball
I would cream my pants if Utd scored a goal like that. 

These guys are still on another level. 
Look at all the Roma shirts.  Look at them. Fuck me that's crisp.  
Holy fucking shitballs
It's like this season's MSN are trying to be better than last season's MSN, and that's ridiculously scary. 
I'm tellin ya that messi guy is going to be a star.
As a Roma fan, today was a bad day.    
^^^^like ^^^^every ^^^^year
How exactly does one defend against that?
Maicon on Messi lmao. He couldnt keep up with Bale 5 years ago...Now he's much slower.
Oh my god... just oh my god..
I just hope this doesn't fuck up our entire season in Italy. I guess we are cursed to get the hardest teams and always get fucked in the CL
Completely emasculated Sczenzny
WTF this is goddamn PlayStation football.
after he retires, messi could turn pro...golfer.  HELL of a chip shot on that lad.
Suarez assist is a gem. 
That chip by Suarez... 
This game is so beautiful when you can't punch anyone.
I can't express how I feel about how good these three are playing together
MSN is back! 
I'm so done,3 of the worlds best players,who happen to have this telepathic chemistry. More art than football.
&gt;ragequit
potential to be best front 3 of all time?
27 passes that eventually led to Messi's goal and with this kind of strike force Barca is simply on another level.
What an assist from suarez,better than the messi's goal arguably.
Holy shit. What a goal. Lovely passing all over and typical finish by messi
Team goal of the year?
And the trio is coming back
[NEVILLE ORGASM INTENSIFIES]
What...
MAGISTERIAL
Well..that's just ridiculous.
He's back.
The world is a much better place for having Messi in it.
That is one of the most beautiful pieces of football I have ever seen.
My god that is beautiful. Who assisted? 
Upvote Upvote Upvote 
Barcelona forgot the Roma players have kids! 
What can you do against those three?
Good luck river.. lol
Fucking magic
Thats just ridiculous
Holy Frijole!
Suarez with the Mess-esque scoop pass over the defenders.
This is why every single Neymar rumor is utter BS. Who would want to leave that front 3?
Stupid sexy Barca
get rekt
Que Gol ❤️💙
Roma you're fucked
This literally just happened, man. You guys are incredibly fast. And what a goal!
that.. is just scary, holy shit haha.
doesn't alves interfere there? pushed the defender back a bit, no?
One of the most amazing team goals I´ve ever seen.
Christ on a bike
Those three... It just isn't fair. What a goal
MSN is an abuse
Top of /r/all we go!
Best player in the world is back!
What a team! 
I mean despite the fact that we are really good at the moment i have to admit that barcelona are even able to top our Performance right now. 
The Trident working magic there. I think they formed a triangle with those passes.
The demon awakens again
He's backkkkk
:')
Looks like Roma really want another 7-1.
Simply beautiful.
Wow! That one touch football between Neymar, Messi and Suarez is something else. Scandalous.
Scandalous stuff. It's been a privilege watching that 45 minutes.
I'm gonna check this again in a few hours and see over 3000 upvotes
Oh that's orgasmic 
i felt dirty watching that buildup
Woah.
god level
I love the guy giving the half-hearted attempt for offside lol. In all seriousness though, that was a fantastic team goal. 
Clinic in session
The whole movement is beautiful, but that little chip finish is superb.
beautiful set up.
barcelona doing more barcelona things great
Football porn It's reminiscent of Arsenal's goal vs. Liechtenstein this year i will be slightly angry Oh my He's Back I regret nothing.
OK this was a fantastic ream goal and now counter attack. 
that team is so unfair.
No nutmeg? 
Other angles of the shot? Someone plz, I need
Aaaah, we're screwed in the FIFA Club World Cup. Give them the cup already.
These Barcelona guys should consider going pro
I'm glad he's back or maybe he never left.
Talk about a team being in form. 
Wasn't he supposed to have surgery?!
That was perfect!
Staggering, looks like child's play
Lovren would have stopped them. 
Fucking class... what a goal.
I think this sub should only allow links to videos with sound.
its....beautiful 
messi our lord and saviour
Rudiger is a pretty shit CB 
They play exactly how you want your FM team to play like
That touch by Suarez.. That pillow foot..
If only Roma had rape whistles to stop this madness..
How's beating players from a team playing as good as Barca have been playing.
I gotta get on the record, that goal is amazing!
wow
Playground
What makes Barcelona incredible is the consistency of each player in contributing to quality plays. I've been watching football for the last 15 years of my life, but the ability of each player to provide the right pass, the right movement, the right weight of the ball and right finishing.  

It's something I've not seen in any other team apart from these Barca teams. 
Great to see Barca running on all cylinders now that Messi is back.
You know what's unfair, this is not even fair, jesus And they say tiki-taka is boring..
What the fuck MSN.
Genius!
Joe Hart don't like it

Rock the Gaspar

Rock the Gaspar
OMG why must everyone score the greatest goals of their career against England? What a hit.
[AA](https://streamable.com/w5te)
One of the best goals this year.
[he's scored a screamer for Villarreal too this season, he's got a pretty decent shot tehnique](https://streamable.com/6chc)
Oh god why am I watching Wales - Netherlands
That's the loudest thing I've ever heard
But could he do it on a foggy night in Bosnia?
Puskas contender for sure! One of the best goals I've seen in a while.
2 goals in 2 apps for Spain as a right back... wow.
How Sterling runs weirds me out
Needs to be added to this collection
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R_mqF8rlEZk
Fat dude with no shirt is unimpressed.
What a goal that was. Not even mad.    

I hadn't heard of him before I saw the video.

I can't hear anything after I saw the video. 

And I love everything about this.
Brilliant assist by Fabregas, he has really played well today
Mario Gaspar has scored 5 screamers in the past 2 years
Today I am inventing Reckoner's 8th law:

National Football commentary is inversely frenetic related to the activity level of the football.

Spain - Cool, calm, tika-taka football.  Commentators sound like cattle auctioneers on meth.
England - Frenetic end-to-end thrills and spills PL action.  Commentators sound like middle-aged taxi drivers.
they shouldve delayed the goal of the year announcements til this week..
Sterling needs to improve his marking. To leave his man open for such an easy take... just calamitous defending...

Man, Spain has gone from having Capdevila and Arbeloa as starters on the fullback positions (though not at the same time?) to having to choose from Juanfran, Carvajal, Vidal, Gaspar, Bellerin for RB and Alba, Azpi, Bernat, maybe Monreal (and hopefully Gaya soon) for LB.  

Almost as crazy as the midfield choices.
WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT?
One of the best finishes I've seen all season, incredible. Tremendous pass to Gaspar too. 
Oh my....
Absurd how he got his body in position to strike it like that
Sensational...Looks like they have some right back here
Zlatan'd
RIP headphone wearers
Villarreal have had great one team players like Bruno and Senna. I'd love for Gaspar to stay with us for a long time and become another club legend.
LOUDNESS WARNING!!

Almost blew my ear drums. Thanks for that.
I love the announcer reacting to the audacity of it right as it's left his boot. Stunning.
Amazing goal, great technique as well!
Can you stop deleting this mods? 
HOLY SHIT
Jesus Christ, what a hit. Beautifully timed and on the cartwheel too. 
So goals scored like this in fifa can actually happen in real life
[deleted]
I swear we could have had about 4 late entries to the Puskas award in the last week and all of them could have won it 
love him lying on the floor waving his arms like "fuck yeah did you see THAT??"
Is it possible for the volume to be louder on this, my mum 20 miles away couldn't hear it clearly
Sterling run is so funny.
No replay? That's a pretty abrupt ending. Great goal though!
Edit: I prefer this one https://youtu.be/XHD-nLaKUho
Anyone else find it sort of disappointing when a goal this good is scored in a friendly? That Zlatan overhead kick against England was also in a friendly wasn't it?
This is nuts. Amazing GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOLLLLLLLLLLLLL
Match was pretty boring up to here, sucks to be Hart tho, literally do nothing all game and first shot on target is this beauty 
Outrageous foot-eye coordination
alright alright this was great. But can we talk about how Nolito changes the game every single time he comes in?!!!
Ale Villarreal ale aleeee
Butland would have saved that..

Sorry
360 No-Scope
Sterling left his man
360 NO SCOPE
360 no scope
Not hangover proof audio.
Absolutely beautiful
Strikers score the coolest goals against England.
Beautiful pass, sublime finish
David Platt eat your heart out.
Back to goal, first-timed over his shoulder... Incredible.
Stunning hit.
Awww, a wise guy!
It's Saturday morning and I just woke up my house making the exact noise the commentators made.
Follow your man razza
He's got 2 goals in 2 caps for te senior side, playing in a position that was supposed to be a nail down battle between Carvajal and Junfran. Way to make it compicated for the coach Mario! 
GLOOOORY
Reminds me of De Bruyne's goal against Newcastle. This is even better though because this is further out and he does a full 180
Ridiculous
First thing Fabregas has done right this season.
Holy shit
Thats amazing, Joe hart lets in the nicest goals 
Hart always concedes the best goals.
Holy fuck
That was fucking sexy.
Not bad for a right back lol.
whoa. that was wiiiiilllld
Decent strike...
Oh my days.
What a class shot.
If he ballsed that up he would have looked like a right plonker, what a fucking goal though
Holy shit that's a goal, completely changes the trajectory
Typical goal against Joe Hart
The success rate on that kind of attempt has got to be less than .01%....
Is this a FIFA 17 preview? Graphics are pretty damn realistic.
Oh thats fine, I didnt need my ears to be functioning anyways
I like that Mata knew it was a goal before it went in. 
Gaspar representing Villarreal on the international stage really well!
Players seems to love scoring stunning taekwondo goals against Hart
I was watching this without any expectations because I couldnt see the score yet and I was simply blown away. I really couldnt predict he would do that.
this gif went right to the top, right to the very top of r/soccer
Anyone else think his name was mario gaspar golazo. Or am I the only one...
Looked like Sterling didn't track his man. The obligatory look to the linesman hoping he was offsides also 
Who was the (England) guy who was just ball watching in the midfield? 
That is a golazo!
In my opinion, better than Neymar's goal but it will not get as many upvotes unfortunately.
I'd love a "Rules of Nature" edit of this. 
I always knew Gaspar Noe will make it into the mainstream.
Couldn't have made it a little longer to catch more goooooooool?
This guy rocket leagues.
Unbelievable skill
No shame in being beaten to a goal like that. 
England supporter here. It is an honour to be the team where the best goals are conceded. We're like a playground for the big players.
That may be the best goal I've ever seen.
Did this in FIFA, and I was happy but a bit 'when do you see this IRL'.
Damn too bad they've released the shortlist for this years Puskas award
Always rates him. 

But in all seriousness HOLY SHIT
Holy poop shit. Amazing finish...amazing beginning. What a fucking take
Late Puskas nominee I bet.
It was like watching a young Harry Kane.
Just amazing!
He channeled his inner Ibrah 
brb buying him on fifa, yeah
RIP announcers 
They need to add that celebration to fifa
Great finish but Sterling gave him the space.
I'm deaf now
DAE **English** are shit
That is some strike
That is ludicrous. 
Sterling left his man
that commentator being so frantic made me expectant of a great goal... and what a goal it was!
That's a golazo....A golazo yes of the finest order....

I came in here to validate the state of the golazo and it is indeed a golazo
Sad to kro
Mother of fuck. I've never seen such a thing.
How the hell did he know where the far post of the goal was? I'm left speechless...simply stunning.
Add that to the list of crackers Joe Hart has had scored on himself during his career

Goal of the year ?
Daaamn. That was insane!
That is an incredible goal! Not many players out there would even try that
At the meantime, I'm flailing my arms screaming "what the fuck man, come on. How?".
Love that celebration. Flat out fist pumps, no choreography or pretentiousness, just pure emotion. 
What a peach from Mario. 
Sterling massively at fault here
Seriously, that might be goal of the year for me.
are you fucking kidding me?

shoe in for puskas, or a nomination at the very least

edit: this is why I Reddit, otherwise probably would've seen this a few months later in some YouTube montage 
If we're going to write the rest in English, can we just call them goals?   
    
On of my irrational pet hates
If this isn't nominated for next years puskas then I don't know what will.
Que golazo de Gaspar. He has been playing very very good lately
Dear OP, You owe me 2 ears. Thanks.
Kreygasm
that's definitely one of the most beautiful goals I've ever seen
RIP Headphone users.
He should definitely be going to France this summer, such a good player and very underrated, in my opinion.

ffs, not every goal is a golazo...
Hard to imagine a more difficult finish done in a more perfect way. 
Had to applaud it.
Wow, class finish.
I was told they were called 'goalazo'.
Start him over Costa immediately!
So glad this clip isn't from ITV. Always hate Clive Tyldesley's trademark constipated reaction reserved for fantastic goals scored against the team he's supporting
¡golazo!
Was it too much for Sterling to look like he was at least trying to defend today? 
I swear people always score worldies against Joe Hart

also this has been removed like 5 times now for some reason
LOL , FUNNY HOW ENGLISH SPEAKING PEOPLE NOW CALL IT GOLAZO ....lolol 
[deleted]
Que Chingados....
That's fucked
Best golazo background: Joe Hart
Good Lord Mario, these man have families!!
I swear, players score the greatest goals against England. Maradona's and Ibra's to name a couple.
Can those announcers be any more annoying?
[deleted]
I Gaspard when I saw this. 
You know the French really appreciated that when they make the effort to write it in English. 
If anyone wants to know what the french bit says:

&gt; Wembley was in red white &amp; blue yesterday to pay tribute to France. An evening full of emotion was punctuated by a victory for England and for honour.
This from The Telegraph http://imgur.com/u4WyrQd
To me it really makes a difference that they're not in the usual stance, as in both teams standing on either side of the circle. Very effective that they're all mixed and together.
[Time to post the best Polandball comic of all time.](http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/609/815/941.png)
This is typical L'Équipe. They always find a way to send a message by prominently featuring a picture and only very few words on the front page.  I'm a Formula1 fan (shoutout to /r/formula1!) and I saw them do the same kind of thing when F1 legend Michael Schumacher[ had his ski accident](http://a133.idata.over-blog.com/600x877/0/00/74/35/00011g/q/M0106.jpg) and when earlier this year Jules Bianchi [succumed to his wounds sustained in a crash](http://img.over-blog-kiwi.com/0/95/30/84/20150719/ob_7d1ea1_capture.JPG). I really admire them for keeping their cover clean like this when the situation asks for it. It shows a great deal of respect, in my opinion. 
It was a very moving occasion, minutes silence observed impeccably and everyone singing La Marseillaise was fantastic. 
I feel like this is going to be a really iconic picture in the future 
This game and the charity Beckham friendly game really made me think that Football should really lighten up a lot more. It was refreshing to see people before the game celebrate each other's team and respect the anthem. It was nice seeing players actually smile at each other. It would make rugby fans stop being so smug about how wonderful their fans are also...
It's actually kind of amazing when you think that only 200 years ago these two countries were the worst of enemies. Look at how far we've progressed.
I'm not English or French but for me, this image typifies what the true football is about. What happens on the pitch stays there. 

What happens off the pitch effects us all, so we can support each other. 
I know there are rivalries, but there's something about the way football unites people that's unparalleled by any other sport. It's amazing really.
Je vous en prie. 
I was watching in my uni bar.  Whole place respected the silence to a man, never seen the place so quiet. 

I mean, we then celebrated tonking the French like nutters, but it was a respectful tonking. 
Goosebumps
[From yesterday](http://i.imgur.com/nSI9lQp.jpg)  
  
I know it was intended differently, giggled anyways.
[Source](https://streamable.com/l16h)
heart-warming 
Is there a video of the proceedings before the match? I missed it and would like to open a can of feels. 
What's this thing I'm feeling as an England fan? It's like the opposite of the usual feeling. 
Reading this thread makes me proud of being born European. Look at how much we have accomplished together in less then 100 years! Think about how much we will be able to accomplish in the future. I am proud. 
I fucking love this sport 
Love will overcome hate.
Yes, thank you. It means *a lot* to us.

Thank you to all of the support we got on /r/soccer, and most of reddit during this fucking awful weekend.

Paris est magique.
Anyone got a video link to this? Doesn't even need to be the whole game just before.
We come together on playing fields because we don't want to rush each other on battlefields anymore. 
Tout le monde leve avec la France
Pas de problème.
You're most welcome. 
As an American who lurks on this subreddit, all I can say is: this is why I love sports.  Whether it be football or fūtbol, no matter how intense the rivalry, no matter how much you talk shit about the players across the pitch, the world around you, and the situations that occur in our daily lives take precedent over the game you are playing.
A really emotional picture. Great for the sport. 
Powerful.
Who is cutting onions here?
Am I the only one seeing JPEG artifacted-nudes of a woman?
:,)
Beautiful
As a Parisian, seeing all these hommages truly make me feel better. Even if sports team and supporters compete with each other it's great to see that we are still united against atrocity.
I'm trying to find that image in hi-res to use as my wallpaper but to no avail
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K4fOtbKUme0
I love football. Look at what it can do. As somebody once said, 'it is the most important of unimportant stuff in life' or something along the lines, if anyone wishes to correct me feel free. The rendition of the French anthem gave me shivers and a sense of pride and unity. 
Why in the second half the stadium was so empty?
[deleted]
During the minutes silence as the camera panned round I swear you could see people thinking "God I hope a bomb doesn't go off"

Edit: This wasn't a joke you could literally see people looking a tad worried
the English fans were pretty muted imo... I was expecting far more people to sing or hum the French national anthem but it seems most people didn't bother... 

for contrast, this is what the Irish fans did when playing France in the Henry handball match: https://youtu.be/M0i2ja8hktY
That's some Dennis Bergkamp shit right here
Born in the Basque country to Ghanaian and Liberian parents. Has said he feels Spanish and has played friendlies for Spain U21s but is still eligible for Ghana and Liberia.
Holy fuck.
It's a shame the list for the Puskas has already come out. Would surely be a contender...
[Entire Play](https://streamable.com/ghdj)
Dennis Bergkamp, eat your heart out.
Goal of the season so far, imo. Absolute beauty.
That might be the coolest goal I've ever seen, the non-chalant spin move and rifles it on the volley. Wow. 
Inaki Williams is so dope, and the fact that Bilbao only field local players and stay competitive in a league with Barcelona/Madrid money, to me is one of the most impressive stories in sport

Love watching them play and knowing how much the community they play in means to them and not just vice versa
This is the best goal I've seen this season 
Le Tiss approves 
https://twitter.com/mattletiss7/status/663317319989501953?s=09
I feel bad for foreigners who will never know how funny the name Iñaki Williams is.
Beautiful!
I hope he never leaves Bilbao.
That was better than Neymar's.
2016 Puskas it is then.
[deleted]
What a brilliant goal. Wasn't he their C team striker?
Missed being nominated for the puskas award by 6 days
Unreal, absolutely fucking sublime. THIS is why there is no alternative to the magic produced in Football. As long as I live i'll hope to remember this goal. Legendary.
Better than Neymar's.
What a fucking beauty!
Oh my
This is the type of goal that should be awarded both the 'assist' as well as the 'goal' points in a fantasy league. Just perfect!
Between him, Adama, and Keita, I hope at least one of them become good because I really want a black guy in our national team
WOW! 
Bloody hell
This goal is rad af.
Is the Puskas award still taking nominations?
Oh my god, That was an absolute beauty.
Better than Neymar.
this is better than the neymar goal. should be top post.
Williams deserves a place in Del Bosque's team in France if he plays in this mood.
2 days after the Puskas nominees were announced. 

This is Zlatan's overhead kick all over again ....
It's always just after the Puskas award is announced. Think this could have been a contender.
Lol the commentator at the end: "If somebody hasn't seen it, invite him/her to see. Because it's a true miracle, a piece of art to be put into a frame."
That has to win the Puskas next year. How could it not? Holy shit.
Worthy of a Puskas nomination
I would've voted for this goal to win the Puskas award over the other options if it was nominated
Yeah, I caught this on beIN Extra Weekend and was blown away. Great goal indeed.
great player for one of the most beautiful clubs in the world
Wow. Now I'm going to follow him playing
He's gonna be such a beast in the near future. Wondering when he'll be up for the NT
B-e-a-utiful!
he's been incredible recently, looks to be world beater
That was nice
Holy jesus. Too bad the Puskas contenders were already announced! 
Oh my. That is one of the most beautifully taken goals I've ever seen! 
Fucking mental, unstoppable
get the fuck outta here
Amazing!!
That is fucking beautiful.
'kin hell!
Smooth as fuck. Will this be legible for the Puskas award?
ho-ho!
Holy fuck, that was some control!
Quick! Do not let it touch the ground...

... unless it's inside the goal.
Too bad the Puskas nominees already have been found
Unbelievable. Just simply Amazing.
.
Reminds me of Benji De Ceulaer's goal a couple of years ago: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ufNaAdlhjQE

I believe it was nominated for the Puskas award in 2011, and I wouldn't be surprised to see Iñaki's goal included next year.
Beautiful !!
Oh my word that first touch is incredible
Insane!
All about the assist. /s
wow goal of the year book it
Kid is gunna be big someday. Has the pace and the technique, just needs to make better decisions while attacking but that will come. He's already getting better week after week. Let's just hope he can stay injury free.
And he's been on a tear these past few games. Really happy for him. What a goal.
Next big thing to come out of Athletic Bilbao, kid is having an amazing season so far.
That's a hell of a shot.  

Ha ha...[Williams](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DrJ1Jc5ETKo&amp;list=PL_p24ghpf3SjY7UD818Ff5nfraTeIaO4A)

Sorry, love posting that when anything with a Williams comes up...
Never heard of this kid before his 2 goals in the Europa League this week. And now he does this, damn.
It's a bit like a kid born in Wales to Indian parents, and being called Rhys Lloyd Patel or something like that.
Makes it look so easy.
Puta madre!!
Pele did a very similar goal... Great play.
That was such a bad pass lol
Once in a lifetime goal. Epic.
Holy fuck.
Absolute beauty.  He's going to have a breakthrough season at this rate.
so easy for him
What accent is that (regional speaking)? I can't work it out for the life of me.
"I match Neymar and raise him double"
I hope Bilbao can keep him as long as possible 
I don't know if I prefer Neymar's goal :/
Clinical finish. 
He may have just 1 upped Neymar.
I just watched Neymar's goal which was literally amazing and I thought "wow there's no way there are better goals this week," and then I watched this and shit my pants.
State of the subreddit: this won't get the amount of upvotes and comments Chelsea loss got -&gt; unsubscribe
You never see stuff like this in the epl. 
I never upvote goal videos.  I upvoted this one
The kid is super fast too, he has a bright future in the MLS
Omfg
u wot m8
I thought he was just good in FIFA.
[deleted]
Mmmmmmm...
Sign him up Clarkie!
That is just filthy
Brace urself 100 million offer from real barca and pari coming
The only reason this post is getting so much karma is because Neymar scored the same goal (arguably not as nice) and people don't want to feel bad about upvoting that but not this.
P.S. I'm not saying that this karma is undeserved i'm just saying that a relatively unknown player from a relatively unknown team never gets this much karma on a great but not amazing goal.
Let me ask you reddit, Would you rate that goal higher thank Bergkamp against Newcastle?
I can't even do that on Fifa
/r/notfifa
Holy shit that was pure savagery 
It's not THAT good.
*checks sofifa profile*
Iniesta scores once in a blue moon and each time it's beautiful as a blue moon
Am I in heaven? 
Messi wants in on this.
great backheel assist there from Neymar
Iniestas last goal was scored in march of 2014... Against Real Madrid.
I fucking love you Iniesta.
An instant classic.
Holy shit, Neymar
I have never seen a big game player as good as Don Andres.
Then they Sub Messi on for the lawls
ITS A THRASHING
MESSI DIED FOR THIS
Are we really playing Real?
Neymar. Iniesta.
What a fucking goal.
Midas touch from Neymar
Madrid are getting fucked on
I've said it before. The way people go crazy over Zidane on this sub and many others, that's how I feel about Iniesta - magical.
What a goal. Amazing. Iniesta is the ultimate big game player
You know you're shit when an oldman scores against you
DON ANDRES
I feel as though Barcelona has a style they adhere to, and Madrid just sort of clumps individuals from multiple disciplines together but not as a cohesive unit. That being said, Spain took Barca's style and ran with it, R.M needs to do some soul searching, embrace a footballing philosophy at a foundational level and develop some of it's own players.

Sadly, as a R.M Fan I can't say I expected them to win.. Barca is on another level. Congrats Barca. 
Always my favorite player. Wonderful
Barcelona or Spain have never lost a game in where Andres Iniesta has scored. 
unpopular opinion: what's the point of streamables if there is no sound?
This is the difference between Barca and Madrid. Unselfishness vs. Selfishness.
La Manita v2?
When people call this sport "the beautiful game" they're talking about goals like this.  Great passing, movement, skill, and an incredible shot.  Barca are just amazing to watch.
Getting fucking slaughtered my god.
Hahahaha holy shit what a strike 
I have a very angry boner right now
That was incredible. My erection exploded. 
Most people on my soccer team were calling 4-2 Victories for real and for real to win. I guessed a 3-0 victory for barça and they called me crazy. This is great 
#PrayforMadrid

Ronaldo didn't even look pissed off. 
It cannot get much better than that. 


What a goal 
INIESTA YOU BABE
Real fans even applauded when he went off! Like they did for Ronaldinho. Iniesta &lt;3
The return of the king. 
Godfather Don Andrés showing fools how it's done since 2002!
that must've felt sooooo fucking good to score that

full sprint and just fucking put his foot through it as hard as he could

great goal
Iniesta is all class as a person and all world as a player.
Magisterial
That backheel pass
Football chess. Moving the knight around.
Reminded me of [this goal](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=COe5Y29-BZY).
Ho...Ho...Ho. Christmas came early.
Madrid just got destroyed by a 60 year old!! Old man Iniesta strikes again!
Take notes Munir, that's how you score a fucking goal
The acceleration from Iniesta to cover those 15m to the backheeled pass is unreal. He let's you think he's older and slower, but just saves the energy to strike like a coiled cobra 
Barcelona are playing so good.
Sweet Zombie Jesus! Madrid will be on dmg control now. holy shit.
He struck it so well. Iniesta knows how to show up in big games. First Neymar's assist and now this!
He's playing amazing tonight
Well deserved played excellent all game
Speechless. 
This is orgasmic football.
No mercy

NO MERCY
Some madridistas on Twitter are mad that he was applauded by the Bernabeu 
modric and kroos caught sleeping.. as soon as andreas gives the pass he sees the space and makes the sprint, absolute class
He was a fucking beast the entire match, holy shit, he's just unreal, I love him.
barcelona is on another level 
He always shows up on the biggest stages. 
Please never grow up, Andres.
ay neymar, that backheel is too much, you're gonna kill me with your genius
Iniesta's finishing turns world class when he plays Madrid
When you can't decide whether the build up play or the finish was better
Size of those triangles, man. Wow
Neymar super sayin mode 
fookin leathered it
What a fucking goal that was. Barcelona are looking absolutely unstoppable, even without Messi
Iniesta is still so fucking good.
Amazing neymar
Ah the phenomenon called the Iniestazo 
Everything about this goal was just beautiful.
Barcelona is fucking amazing, their magic never runs out.
Modric with the laziest defending award.
Gordon Gano from Violent Femmes. That's who Iniesta looks like. I've been trying to work it out for years and it's only just dawned on me. Great goal.
that was the most "Barcelona" goal I've ever seen
This is a great clip, because we often see soccer highlights of a single player's talent. This shows how coordinated and superior the entire team is. 
The vision and touch by Neymar, wow just beautiful 
Neymar, Iniesta,Neymar, Iniesta. Enough said.
ancelotti was the perfect coach for madrid. Hope he doesnt go back to that classless club.
Modric needs to be on that
 r u fuckin serious
Holy shit what a strike.
He's twatted that top bins
Absolutely impeccable I'll never forget it as long as I live
Man that was some lazy ass defending by James. 
Is there any way to see these matches via streaming?
You can't take anything away from the Barca play in the build-up and the finish was incredible, but the right winger for Real needs fining....0-2 down at home and he let's one of the best midfielders on the planet just ghost in and hammer the nail in the coffin...should be embarrassed, such a lack of passion. The money these players are paid they shouldn't give up because they lose belief. Can always still work hard off the ball even if the quality of football isn't there on the ball.
El FantasticGoal..  Neymar is stepping into the Messi role very well..  This is poetry in motion..  
El oficinista!!!
who was that on the silky backheel for the godamn assist
hit harder than benitez's face into a sandwich
Here is what they call "always one step late"
Brilliant from Iniesta, but Neymar's movement off the ball and layoff for him was even more special to me
Iniesta and Neymar(again) IF in Fifa '16. 

I am wondering if Neymar will get an upgrade next year.
nice defence by real. let iniesta have a ball and space. let see what will happen
That pass though, it was 90% of the goal.
Is it Real Madrid or any team from INDIA?
What a goal. Amazing.
Anyone else run around the house screaming like a little girl?
Football at it's very, very finest.
I don't think Phil has ever been that animated

GET IN THERE 
The definition of an ABSOLUTE THUNDERCUNT 
He is havin a great game fuckin Iniesta
Damn, What a finish
Breathing harder than Darth Vader? Ray, you nailed it. 
What a goal!!!!
Beautiful build up and an amazing finish. Such a shame my internet is really shit today that I can't watch it. Why does no German tv channel get the rights to this. 
Bring Messi on for the laugh.  Also, since when is Sky One showing the classico??
what a powershot
Lol now let's bring on messi. Really shit on them!
Oh shit when Messi comes in...
Oh my days

Oh my fucking days
The artist 
Yeah theyre dead
Madrid dead af
Knew that this would happen but didn't know it would be so definitive
With authority
too strong
Neymar teed that up on a silver platter 
The no look backheel is quite insane indeed.
Literally like fifa
This kills Real Madrid
Neymar looked so good that flick was beautiful
Neymar is quite good at football
hnnnhhnnggg
This is how the beautiful game is played.
Modric and Kroos both immensely lazy here.
Perfect strike. All technique there
What a pleasure to watch. Beautiful play.
This reminded me of messi goal which iniesta assisted the same way neymer assisted him
So Good!
Fucking spoiler
Awesome goal!  

They look almost as good as that FC Barca youth team!
***When the other team is all wearing headsets and you arent...***
Unlock the swag.
Kroos's tracking is fucking comical here. It's fine not to aggressively press, if that is your instruction, and if you cut off the passing lanes instead. If you jog half-assed and in the manner of a clown you shit the bed, but if he had gotten back to intercept the layoff to iniesta he could have entirely prevented the goal. What a shambles. 
Choo choo!!!!
dat tika taka 
Honestly looked like Real was just like" Hey did you guys want to do those one touch passes? We will just watch , mmkay?"
What's wrong with r.madrid
Fantastic Neymar!
That is some of the most painfully average defending i've seen from a supposed 'European Powerhouse'. Absolutely shambolic, Barca never got out of 2nd gear!
This is actually a really fantastic clip to freeze frame and go over each player's positioning to show to someone who doesn't watch a lot of soccer. It's amazing all the subtitles that happen with each player's movement.
Text book fútbol. The fundamentals.
That looked like some James Harden quality defense on Iniesta off the give and go.  
Salty madridistas on a downvote rampage here haha
[deleted]
Does anyone else switch the commentary to Spanish when playing FIFA? It makes the game much more intense and nothing beats them saving "GOOOOOOOOAAAAALLLL". 
Wish it were materazzi's son in an ultimate twist of fate.
They grow up so fast :''-)
I really wonder what his dad told him afterwards. Like where do you even begin
"That's not what I meant by 'use your head'..."
[Here is a video, no heabutt on camera :(](https://youtu.be/2hdj1zwz-_g?t=1m57s)
In 10 years time Zidane's son and Odegaard will be working for Freddy Adu's nightclub promotion company
We understood that he is imitating his father 27 comments ago. No need for any more.
/r/nottheonion
It runs in the family. 
He may have peaked too soon.
10 years from now we'll have stories about Suarez's kid biting the opposing player. 
No need for that paternity test, then
Equally interesting that Zidane's son is a gooalkeeper. 
Nature or Nurture?
I guess in less than 20 years Messi's son is going to evade taxes at some point.
Heading in the wrong direction
Video:

http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/row-zed/watch-zinedine-zidanes-son-luca-6927328

The disappointment when you realise that a) it's barely a headbutt, not much more than a stare down, and b) Zidane's son is a goalkeeper. 
He headbutted an italian defender?
"From you, okay? I learned it from watching you!" 
Do his sons have the potential to play for either France or Spain? 
De tal palo tal astilla
If I had the magnificently shaped cranium of a Zidane I'd be using it to headbutt people all the tine as well.
So, when's is the retirement?
[*"I learned it by watching you!"*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KUXb7do9C-w)
"That's my boy."
ha
/r/nottheonion 
"You go son!" - Zinedine
For a second there, I thought I was browsing [/r/nottheonion](https://reddit.com/r/nottheonion)	
Tel père, tel fils
So... proud... :')
Welp, Like father, like son I suppose.
/r/nottheonion?
Zidane shouldn't be the butt of jokes cum on guys

head in hands
Good lad
Zidane got sent off in the champions league And I think I've missed it.
sounds about right.

That's my boy \0/
Like a father like a son. 
Bon anniversaire
Like fader like song.
Good lad
There is a footballing god.
I do wonder where he got that idea from... ?
Stuntin like my daddy
any italians involved ?
Like father like son.
Like Father, Like Son
Like father, like son! Oh, they grow up so fast! 
The walrus never falls far from the walrus shrub
Did he look like Materazzi?
Like father, like son
I bet the other guy's last words before the headbutt were something like, "What are you gonna do, headbutt me?"  
Of all the things he could have done, he had to choose that one :(
It has come full circle......
Like father like son  :D
Are you sure it's /r/NotTheOnion ?
/r/nottheonion 
He should be ashamed for being in the wrong direction Nah, Zidane is gonna lose a headbutting fight.
This is kinda adorable
As expected, the banter in this thread is good.
What did the striker say to Zidane's son?
Like father, like son 
Does he have a bald spot?
He got it from his daddy.
Thought this was /r/nottheonion for a second...
Like father like...yada, yada
Zizou be like that's my boy
Guess he's following in his dad's skull craters.
No prove or eye witness account yet everyone takes it at face value. News today... 
The shit doesn't fall far from the asshole 
Like father like son.!
[Like father like son](https://youtu.be/3EA1gh8XKGk?t=12s)
"I learned it from watching you!"
Like father like son
like father like son
Like father like son
Headstrong lad just like his pappy
Wow, you could probably make that up if you tried

Thats ma boy !
like father like son
Daddy must be proud
Like Father Like Son :D
Like father like son
good one :)
[Zidane and his boys](http://imgur.com/q4rXGRK)
This is absolutely not something to be proud of. Yeah it might be 'hilarious' at face value, in reality it's nothing more than the mindless violence of a thug, just like his thug father. 
He's a keeper.
Meant to be a pretty good keeper isn't he?
Chip off the ol' block
God damnit...
"You keep the pride of the family, son"
Like father like son

An apple doesn't fall far from the tree
Disgrace
nature or nurture?
I´ll get downvoted into the nether for this but Zidane is a Retard.

As if headbutting someone like a complete primate wasn´t enough, in an interview months after the incident he said he wouldn´t take it back and act the same way again.

Bruh, you helped your team lose the game and just set the absolut worst example possible to literally hundred of millions of children and you wouldn´t take it back? Smh, gotta have that street cred, I guess.
The apple doesn't fall far from the tree
learned from the best.
"Son, that's not what I meant when I said to play like I did."
"Bon anniversaire."
Fulfilling the legacy early it seems.
Like father like son.
The Zidane's send their regards...
This is a good (altho extraordinary) example of how players are rolemodels. Everything stupid a top player like Zidane, Suarez or Costa does - especially if not harshly punished - will inevitably be copied by amateur footballers (young players) who idolize them.
He's just trying to follow in his dad's footsteps, guys
Chat shit get bangged...Vardy would be proud 
Like father like son.
his wife was probably like " i wonder where he got that from"
good old traditions
I don't like this article. It is implying that Zidane's son has perhaps learnt a bad habit from his father and I just don't agree with that. Materazzi deserved to be knocked the f out for what he said and he was lucky that Zidane gave him that gentlemanly nudge.
Well that apple didn't fall very far from the tree...
[deleted]
&gt; Things not to learn from your dad
The apple didn't fall far from the tree..
And the circle is complete.

Zidane can now rest in peace. 
I learned it by watching you Dad!
/r/nottheonion
Chat shit get banged 
Read the title and thought it was in /r/nottheonion

Well, the apple doesn't fall far blah blah blah.
[He got it from his daddy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FrG4TEcSuRg)
[He got it from his daddy!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FrG4TEcSuRg)
He is everything you want in a captain.
Man, it would be absolutely terrific if this has the unforgettable gesture when he handed Abidal the captain armband, so he can lift the Champion league cup.  Puyol was an absolute legend, class, and fucking warrior.  Love the dude.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AnXGaeFgSqk
Puyol is definitely one of my favourite players ever. I still remember when Benzeman scored 25 seconds (or something like that) after the game started (in a Clássico) and while pretty much everyone from Barça was gloomy, as conceding a goal in the first minute of the most important match of the season will make that, Puyol was shouting and waving his arms like a maniac at his mates in order to get their spirits up.

Also, who doesn't like a guy who shows up at a UEFA gala like [this](http://img.irtve.es/imagenes/curiosa-vestimenta-puyol-gala-champions/1314299487081.jpg)? He just doesn't give a shit.
I used to go out with a girl who looked like Puyol.

I wish she had as much class as the man himself
We need so much more of this kind of no-bullshit stoicism in the modern game.
Puyol is one of the greatest gentleman that played football. He is all that is good with this sport.

Yesterday an user with a barca crest said he had nothing but respect for Raul. I think every madridista has the same to say about Puyol.
Puyol is in my book a legend. Remarkable presence and super classy.

Also can anyone explain to me what was going on when he interrupted the celebration in the first few frames?
I like how he is marking Khedira when Pique is holding that firelighter, and Khedira is just following him instead of the other way around
Anyone know what happens if pique shows the ref the lighter?
Truly the perfect captain. Puyol was the man.
Puyol should replace Blatter as head of FIFA. Or at least UEFA.
Now thats a fucking captain.
dat hair though
My favorite player of all time
PES 5 and 6, him and John Terry best centre backs in the game
"Dancing? the fuck is this shit!?..." - Carlos Puyol
Since he left, FCB has never been the same. I miss him so much.
Truly one of the best captains ever, up theere with the likes of Maldini and Zanetti in terms of leadership
God, I miss him!
Legend.
Puyol was, and is, a señor.  

Much respect.

does anyone know what he's up to right now? Haven't heard from him for a while. 
Just an absolutle leader incarnate.  Invaluable to a team, a rock at the back.  True legend.
Best captain ever for sure.
&lt;3&lt;3&lt;3 Puyol
Can't wait for captain's great revival
I truly respect this man.
Always thought that part of Barca's "valors" were gone once he retired and the other part being Xavi. 
Is that a Stanley knife in the last one?
Just a classy, classy warrior. 

They could make a Conan movie with him starring.

He could be Hokage before Naruto.

He could have saved Mufasa.
He'll always have my respect even if I don't like Barcelona, a great player and a real captain.
The perfect captain. A real leader who was a role model to Barcelona. Always backed up his teammates and defended them no matter what.
And he will forever be my favorite player!
The phrase "stop fucking about and play football" in human form.
Puyol is a fucking legend. A fantastic leader, a gentleman, and a great player, I have nothing but the absolute respect for that man.
Pique tried to bitch about the lighter but Puyol wasn't having it lol. Legend 
His parents should be commended for how they raised him. Great human being.
Love Puyol, absolute tank of a player
Legend.
For arguments sake, is he really one of the best players to ever captain a football team? Or do you really mean one of the best captains ever? 
My favourite player ever, for ever. 
Fantastic captain! Easily my favorite center back of all time
&lt;3 Tarzan
What was that thing that Puyol took from Pique and threw away and what was its significance? 
man, this guy is fucking nightmare when we had to face him, perfect tackles, last minute interceptions, and what makes it worse is that he shows utmost respect, no reason to hate him as a person. super passionate and super respectful. Raul and him as captains were some of the best times. 
xavi and iniesta are great captains for barca too, but no one compares to him.
PUUUUUUYOOOOL. A class act. 
Carlos I'm here to play football puyol
RESTECP
Puyol was real as fuck man, love him. The modern game could use a dose of his mentality.
I really don't like those Barcelona teams (won't get into why), but Puyol was always the one guy I absolutely respected on those teams because he was an absolute professional and tough S.O.B. 
the one with pique was just so amazing.

"shut the fuck up and just play the game"
respect, a true Captain
[Had skills too](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mGJmQIgbdGo)
As a Real Madrid fan, this guy was a fucking boss. Great player and an even greater leader. 
Such a great player, and even a better captain. His absence is easy to notice from the team
Would be my captain in an all-time best XI.
I'm  not sure I understand what happens in the first scene?
LEYENDA.
You should make another compilation because that was really cool. 
no nonsense 
this is so fucking great to watch 
damn i love that no-nonsense approach to the game. when the opposing player hits him and he runs up to stop ronaldinho from getting involved, most players wouldve caused outrage over that little tap and demanded a red card for something that probably didnt hurt at all
Legend there is a couple of player I respect from Barcelona and he is one of them no doubt. 
Damn straight. Play the fucking game!
His mama raised him well.
Puyol deserves a compilation
This has done the rounds on Twitter hundreds of times 
Knock that shit off guys, we're 5-1 up. This is a time to be humble in victory 
Guys look at how [shredded the man was.](http://www.thefootballramble.com/images/blog/puyol.jpg)
I wish Iker was a bit like that. 
Good Shit OP.
Need more players like this. Learn some lessons from the rugby players perhaps. 
Sally gunnels let herself go
[Puyol, one of the best defender] (http://gifsoup.com/view/2904545/denilson-drible-no-puyol.html)
[He gave a great interview on Australian TV once](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N3MdYf994Bo)
[deleted]
Puyol hates confrontation.
[There can only be one.](http://static.goal.com/125600/125652_heroa.jpg)
Gonna be downvoted, but not a great defender. A good defender, but not a great one...
Great captain except LET THE DANCERS DANCE!
More like captain Buzkill.
hes probably the only one i like from barcelona, the other ones are fake as phuck... referee whooping fakers. Too bad we will never see anyone like him, particularly in catalonia.
[deleted]
He did have his [bad moments](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YHWO77kfYmc)
So easy a caveman can do it.
I  think the headlines should  be :
Carles Puyol, one of  the players to captain the best ever football team.
Pogba to Sandro to Dybala. So much talent at Juve. 
That's one of the best passages of play I've ever seen. Gotta watch more Serie A.
He was pretty average overall in the match but this play was fucking amazing. 
I miss Pogba gifs 
Holy shit Pogba, flick with the right and pass with the left foot. Brilliant.
I'd like to think this is how I look on Sundays...
That game was infuriating after watching the goal fest Barcelona had against Real, but La Liga and Serie A are different. The first half of Juve v Milan was a bit boring, but man.. that play made up for the whole game.. that was surgical... beautiful. 

Forza Juve
Fucking pogba is so damn good!!! Damn!!!
I'd bet all these guys go to the same hairdresser.
I saw this happen live and said to myself "I really hope someone else on Reddit was watching this and will make a post about it." 

The announcers spent more time talking about Dybala than Pogba, deservedly so, but I just couldn't get enough of that pass from Pogba to Sandro.
That was sweet, how is he doing this season? I haven't heard much of him lately.
So can we start Dybala and leave Higauin in Napoli yet?
Sandro's work is what makes it good though and the utter lack of pace in that defender.
But there was no dubstep? are you sure this is Pogba? 
alternate angle www.gifs.com/gif/vJ9M9D



glad we played this already
Stuff like this really makes you love the beautiful game 
Nice pass from Pogba but that defending fullback is so slow
I couldn't help but laugh and applaud during that goal. So deserved and such a beautiful passage of play. 
Just stupid good. Looking forward to more Pogba - Sandro connections.
Holy shit. That is ridiculous, and how calm he is. Wow!
The ball barely touched the ground

what a sequence
Wow. So much composure necessary to make that pass. 
Amazing run from Alex Sandro. Good to see him do good on Juve. Btw, how is he playing (besides this assist, ofc)?
that is art.
sick. done with those "pressure of wearing no.10" comments I hope.
I believe the technical term for this play is "taking the piss". 
Pogba Flick
That was beautiful
How come it's ok for that player to push Pogba at the start of the GIF?
abate getting beat way too easily. ffs i thought you were fast
That is actually taking the piss. Beautiful.
Here you can find top 5 goals  of Pogba ;)

http://paulpogba.web.tv/video/paul-pogba-top-5-goals-juventus__dxlmqethbuy
That pass will soon be taught at soccer clinics as "the Pogba".
How many mohawks are there on that team?
What a fabulous goal
Fergie sold him
What a fkn play, wowz. 
Paul &lt;3
The URL is almost as golden as the goal.
fuckin a
Saw the first pass. 

"Wow, that was smooth... Oh. Ahhh"


Amazing. A skill with purpose. Love it
But can he do it on a cold rainy night in Stoke
The goal was created because of his amazing pass. Nice second pass and finish as well. 
Damn that was sexy af
sick 
Haven't watched enough games of his amazing pass.
slowest AC Milan right-back
:(
Holy shit Dybala looks smaller than my garden gnome
that's such a move you would pull on street soccer, i love it!!
Say what you like about what was good for the player but man u must be kicking themselves over this guy. 
He is good. 
pure sex. Everything about this goal. it will take some time for the youngsters to gel, but Europe better prepare its butt for when they do
Why, Fergie, why?? :(
This is the Italian style of playing soccer.
He good.  Wow.  Fergie's folly.
so many good goals scored this weekend its crazy
There are peopple who say Delle Ali is better....idiots
Such a beautiful goal. I don't remember Pogba getting the number 10 though... 
i love how this sub praises everything Pogba does and not what others did for that goal. lol 
He's just a shit Dele Alli. 
Damn, almost as good as Coutinho's passing.
Oh, it's a "flavour of the month player does some mediocre shit and gets hyped as the next golden goal in the world cup final" thread. Missed one of those. 
Only until they show up at a random Copa Del Rey match ready to play after pretending that they didn't know they were disqualified. 
Y'all laugh now, but with that decision we are one of only two teams this season to remain undefeated in the Copa Del Rey.
Barcelona fans must be in total ecstasy the way this season is going down. 

I got to admit, I was almost expecting them not to kick them out
http://38.media.tumblr.com/7366b2248cbde630364d32496c7f425e/tumblr_naat9gydOS1rkeknfo1_400.gif
https://i.imgur.com/AopwFUQ.gifv
I kinda expect tomorrow somebody will come to my house as I'm watching the game against Getafe and spit in my face.
Benitez (after Barca loss) : I never want to humiliated like that again  
Cheryshev : I got your back, boss
Real doing their part for Barca's treble
And in other news: incoming Perez press conference in which people will joke Benitez is getting fired
Embarrassing.  
Cheryshev is not to blame, nonetheless I am very concerned for the kid because everyone knows the way some of our fan base can act.  I hope Denis can move forward and this doesn't damage or destroy him cuz he's a bright young kid.  
Holy shit they've done it
Someone is definitely getting fired
[Saintly reaction from Porto](http://i.imgur.com/ICYo5YP.gifv)
This is unreal
😂😂😂😭😭😭😂😂😂


Very embarrassing on the club as a whole to make such a stupid mistake. 
That was surprisingly quick! 
BBC = Bye Bye Copa
Guess they're not winning the treble 
Actually surprised
**KILL ME**
[Via twitter, "Rafa Benitez right now"](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CVZC1ZfXIAAiAG7.png:large)
Shambles. Don't know who exactly in the club is to blame for this. The player should have known himself though. Either way what a disaster for Madrid. 
Cheryshev got his third yellow against Barcelona last season, turns out last year Barcelona knocked out Real this year
 #BenitezPlsDontGo
League and Copa tied up. Benitez is a Barca sleeper agent. Double treble? Please God no. 
http://i.imgur.com/aiEJH.gif
Look on the bright side, Madrid players will get a lot of rest down the stretch of the season while Barca and Atletico are playing a game on Tuesday or Wednesday every week!!
pwned.

holy shit it's been years since i've had a valid reason to say that.
surely Benitez would have gotten the pop up message when he pressed 'Play Match'?
This has been the story of our season. It's been a farce. It's been a humiliating last few months and I'm hoping this is the kick in the ass necessary to start off 2016 and for a resurgence of sorts. 

For the record, many of the people I've spoken to feel like expulsion from the league is just. It is an error on the club and anything less than an expulsion is blasphemous. Had this been a team like Osasuna or Betis pulling the same stunt, there wouldn't have been an eyelash batted at them being dumped from the competition. 

Edit: the cup*
Does /r/soccer need anymore fuel for the banter flame?
This has to be one of the strangest things I've ever seen in sport. How did no one know?
wow, they actually kicked Madrid out. This is insane.
it's ok, now they can focus on winning CL and the league. I mean, getting knocked out early from the copa del rey last season sure helped them. 
http://i.imgur.com/Oxscrw5.gif
Ronaldo wins the fans 5 star player award of the Copa
[**@sport**](https://twitter.com/sport):
&gt;[2015-12-04 15:13:30 UTC](https://twitter.com/sport/status/672795869989740546)

&gt;Última hora: El Real Madrid, eliminado de la Copa del Rey. Más información en sport.es

----

[^[Mistake?]](/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&amp;subject=Error%20Report&amp;message=/3vf927%0A%0APlease leave above link unaltered.)
[^[Suggestion]](/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&amp;subject=Suggestion)
[^[FAQ]](/r/TweetPoster/comments/13relk/)
[^[Code]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster)
[^[Issues]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster/issues)

They had to, if you don't uphold the rules for a tournament then you are allowing teams to field suspended players. Although, I wouldn't be surprised if there was a rule change for next season saying the offending team will forfeit the game with 3-0 loss.
http://plmemes.com/images/002700d4-0aa7-4222-a679-a885cf9b1127.jpg
Ha. I'm not even mad. Now we can concentrate on losing more points in the league aswell.
Florentino is now going to appeal the decision to the Sports Tribunal 
Hilarious 
This is a great birthday gift. Thank you Rafa.
Wow how embarrassing 
Icing on the fucking cake. Not surprised considering our board can't even properly use a fucking fax machine.  Lahey was right, a shit storm was coming.
New Club to take their place in the tournament called Meal Radrid. All players are wearing glasses and mustaches.
"At least we can concentrate on La Liga and CL now"
Madrid, cabron, saluda al campeón 😏

E: gracias a Benítez, todo empezó contigo 
well, this is as low as it could get.
No treble this year...
It's been a fun couple of weeks to laugh at Madrid.
# #InPerezWeTrust #InRafaWeTrust
Squad worth millions...can't afford to get a quality fax machine.
RIP
I'm glad that there was no favouritism showed because its "Real Madrid" and they're punished accordingly. Imagine the backlash if rules were slightly bend to favour them.
Can't believe they went though with it, I actually feel kind of bad for them
Seasons going great woohoo 🚽
How It feels being a Real Madrid fan lately.

http://m.imgur.com/gallery/Uubhkr8
It kinda remind me of the Thiago Alcantara saga : He had a minimum of games to play to keep his clause at 90 (If I'm not mistaken) but the coach missed that information and therefore, the clause went down to 18/20 (GG Bayern paid 24) and till this moment, I still curse the responsable for that error.
Shit happens guys.
This...is deserved honestly, I'm a Real fan and its disappointing to see this, but the club deserves to be disqualified due to it's incompetence and not being able to follow the rules. Watching Real has been pretty abysmal as of late even if there winning the majority of their games, it's just not fun, there not jelling well like they were under Ancelotti and I'm not going to say Benitez is better or worse, but something is different. This is a rough patch for sure...much like Barca lasta season, but they have a chance to bounce back.
The icing on the cake would be having the final in the Santiago Bernabéu Stadium and Barcelona lifting the Copa del Rey trophy, no?
[Second confirmation from Cadena SER](https://twitter.com/La_SER/status/672795823927857152)
**For all y'all coming in from /r/all wondering, "WTF is a Real Madrid and who the heck is a Copa Del Rey?"**

Real Madrid is a Spanish football (soccer) team based out of Madrid, Spain. They're typically seen as one of the top teams in the world in their sport. The Copa Del Rey is a cup contest that is played by Spanish teams in a knockout style throughout the entire season. Along with the various rules of the competition, there's various rules that are supposed to be enforced: one such rule is that after a certain amount of cards, players aren't eligible to play. A Real Madrid player this season had picked up too many yellow cards with his previous team in last year's Copa Del Rey, and played (and scored) a game in Real Madrid's most recent game. The other team found out, took RM to their football association (sort of like the big bosses of the league) and said RM should have been thrown out.

As Real Madrid is one of the biggest teams in the league with money coming in, lots of supporters, and the general politics/corruption that occasionally follows, no one really expected them to be thrown out of this competition. However, they were, which is why this is such big news, and, thus, why you're seeing it on /r/all.


I am not happy about this ... I wanted us to crush Madrid one more time ... I am afraid Rafa will get sacked and Madrid might actually hire someone decent. I don't want that. 
Thank you Cheryshev...Thank you Madrid
Carlo didn't die for this. 
Somebody eli5? I'm ootl...

[This, I think?](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/football/article-3346202/Real-Madrid-KICKED-Copa-Del-Rey-fielding-ineligible-Denis-Cheryshev.html)
I feel vindicated 
I'm glad that justice did prevail, but I actually feel bad for Cheryshev. I guess this means his Madrid career is in the gutter now?
Cheyshev mind voice ' hell yeah. I'm going to be the one who is going to take Madrid to next round' after some time' holy shit! I'm banned'
Good thing the Banter Bus is a double-decker
A lot of people are asking for explanations... You guys can just google "Real Madrid news" and read a 2 paragraph article on what happened.
Damn, Real Madrid being treated the same way as Osasuna? Would never have imagines that.
I hope they notify them by phone and not by fax.
they should be happy, they'll not face barca
Now it's Haha Madrid...
Can always count on Barca flairs to provide Real Madrid news on this sub.
:)
First the fax fiasco now this. Real Madrid becoming THE banter club
https://twitter.com/NeyMarvellous/status/672803534551715840
Even Flo couldn't get them out of this one.
I'm happy to know that we're not alone. 
LOLWELOSE
The fucked up part is me being suprised that justice has been done AGAINST Real Madrid.
Dumpster fire continues at RM.  Film at 11.
nice to see that they don't get some kind of special treatment just because they are Real Madrid.

But I find the rule quite interesting. Never heard before that a ban based on yellow cards applies to games in the next season.
http://i.imgur.com/aiEJH.gif
At least we know La Liga isn't THAT corrupt 
Everything went down hills for Madrid since the loss against Barca.

Ese club culero es mala suerte.
The error was so F* clear that not kiccking them would be, at least, corruption by the committee.
They simply outgrew the Copa del Rey.
Se busca rival digno para una Copa decente
So does Cádiz advance now?
Why? What happened?
For Faxs sake...
HAHAA
Party in Barcelona
so why were they Disqualified?
later real
HAHA MADRID
based Cadiz

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Si6ubeZhMc
hahahahahahahahahahaha
"I would have got away with it, if it wasn't for that darn fax machine!"
Holy hell, this is gold. Absolutely hilarious
Cristiano knows who is [to blame](http://imgur.com/r/gif/aiEJH).
[Ronaldo's reaction](https://twitter.com/Cristiano/status/672804188422807552)
Time for another press conference?
http://imgur.com/b8qSB1n
[deleted]
This happens when you grab one of the most useless coaches in the world and put in here, i hope he gets sacked today.
Porqué.... Porqué.... Porqué...
[It was us last year, now it's your turn to suffer.](http://footballmemes.org/_nw/21/76297664.jpg)
Good.
Rafa would have embarrassed us either way down the line by using his shit tactics against those small 2nd/3rd division teams and caused one of those historic upsets. 

This may not be directly Rafa's fault but man, that fucker needs to go. On paper this is one of our strongest, most complete squads. There is no reason why this team should not be competitive other than a shit manager.
Barcelona is the team with most chance to win the trebble this year. La Liga is basically theirs, Copa Del Rey doesn't seems to be hardest right now, you just have to look out for bayern
Yeah, but what about Fake Madrid?
ELI5: How is it possible for a club so big to fuck up so royally? 
What!! They couldn't buy their way out!! I'm more shocked at that!
Out of the loop, can someone tell me why?  

Edit: yeah fuck me for not knowing what's going on right??
Deserved. good to see them actually getting punished.
True happiness:

https://youtu.be/63DxSPR6m_c
It's a circus. Benitez should be fired just for this. What a mess. Real has become a laughing stock under Perez and Benitez.
This is on the front page of r/all.  Is this because the news is so important/shocking or because so many people upvote it hating Real Madrid?
I almost feel sorry for them. Almost.
http://imgur.com/gallery/nxMBqb4
There is no reason why this team should not be directly Rafa's fault but man, that fucker needs to go.
I'm only annoyed that a sport tweet is on the front page. We deserved to get kicked out though. 
it's only fair.
Interesting saga
Time to buys new fax machine, Flo
JUSTICE HAS BEEN SERVED!
Not a good year for RM
written in the stars for G-Nev to win it
[You know I don't speak Spanish, English please.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uOpjYE-iPnY)
Not sure how something retarded like this can happen to a club as big as Real Madrid.
you mean to tell me Benitez hasn't been sacked yet? 
Haha is this actually Benitez's fault or are people wanking too hard over it?
Someone is definitely getting fired 
I feel sorry for Cheryshev, he's not going to be able to play for Madrid without this coming back at him every time..
[Revenge on the fax machine will be sweet] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N9wsjroVlu8)
I'm glad justice was served here.  I wasn't sure that it would be.
Never thought they would have the balls to do it. I guess no one is untouchable ....
Good
Let's make sure they get the fax this time!
I'm legitimately surprised. I figured they'd just fine them considering that it's Madrid. Good move
What's the normal procedure on events like this with sportsbooks?  Is the bet nullified, or is Cadiz awarded the win?
rekt
perez is some fucking idiot huh
[deleted]
fuck this shitty season 
As someone who is comming from /all why did they get kicked out?
Florentino to give his 99999th conference of the year in 3, 2, 1........
Another nail on Benitez' coffin. 
...just how incompetent does one have to be?
Is there a record for consecutive trebles ? 
So...they're definetely not winning anything this year, right?
In all this drama I Feel worse for cheryshev,  poor chap must be feeling like shit,,eventhough its not his fault..I hope this doesn't affect his game mentally....oh and fuck bentiez hes not only shit but hes unlucky for us aswell
ive been out of the loop, this is because they used some random guy or something right?
Hello darkness my old friend...
Kind of hard to believe madrid would knowingly do this. De gea paperwork jokes aside, i dont think they would be stupid enough to do this knowing he was banned.
It should be asked once again. How the hell does Rafa keep getting big jobs?
Bring Ancelotti back!
Why? I am a little out of the loop
Deserved. Season is not going as well as they hoped to say the least.
When was the last time Real Madrid were out before Christmas?
Hey new soccer fan here trying to get "deeper" into the sport.

What happened? 
Good. Now fire that idiot president. Sell Ronalda.
Eligible or not, that's outrageous.
Could someone update me? What happened? What did Cheryshev do?
I'm more impressed that these people have the @sport twitter handle 
I mean this sucks, but mostly I just hope Cheryshev is doing alright. He finally gets off the bench, scores a goal, and then this shit happens. He's a good player and this was not his fault. If the club tells him it's ok to play why should he doubt that? He should not have to keep track of copa rules, yellow card accumulations, etc. That's the club's job. 
Non soccer fan here, why is this embarrassing? What happened and why?
It would be so funny if the final is played in the Bernabeu.
Another year without a treble. How long has it been? 102 years?
Another trophyless season for Madrid 
This is shooting up on /All. Any ELI5 explanation available?
For the first time in 30 years I read "Real Madrid" and my first thought what the heck is "real" Madrid. 

I am so old and over my younger days as a football fan...
Can someone explain what happened?
I can understand this level of fuck up on Sunday league team but you are fucking Real Madrid...
To people who know nothing about football, what is this, and what does it mean?
Unlucky lads.
Um, why were they disqualified?
Real Madrid shows up like :

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4-7BtG4FUXc

I'm not?! Whoops. Ya'll be good!
You can't handle the masculinity of that Adam's apple ayy lmao Copa del Rey Ray Rey trophy over the front edge of a rivalry is going down.
No nutmeg, 7/10.
19 years old, only 10 premier league games, what's he doing in the England first teaOOHH FUCK ME
Cut off the tackle. Anyone got a better clip, perhaps with alternate angles?

EDIT Found [this](https://youtu.be/iu_rF34ddzQ)
that keeper is dog shit
I THOUGHT WE WERE SUPPOSED TO BE FRIENDS, ENGLAND.
Jesus, scoring belters from outside the box at Wembley at 19...

When I was 19 my mam was still cooking my tea.
Got a feeling Pochettino will make a bigger contribution to England's future than Hodgson. 
Na he's just a Shit Andros Townsend. Move along Real fans nothing to see.
And just like that, Fabien Delph seemed useless and lost his place in the English squad.
He smacked that like Akon
YOUR WHOLE SELF IN 

YOUR WHOLE SELF OUT

IN OUT IN OUT

YOU SHAKE IT ALL ABOUT

YOU DO THE DELE ALLI AND TURN AROUND..

..AND THAT'S WHAT IT'S ALL ABOUT

OOOOOOOOOOOOOH DELE ALLI

OOOOOOOOOOOOOH DELE ALLI

KNEES BENT ARMS STRETCHED

RA RA RA RA
[http://eplwire.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/levy.jpg](http://eplwire.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/levy.jpg)
did anyone see the tender kiss between Dele and Wayne, so gentle.
Cunted that home
Hot chocolate, motherfucker!
Spurs have a diamond on their hands with this lad.
Mark Noble would of done that easy, 2/10
Thanks for posting. Mum was fucking around with Sky+ so of course I missed the goal. Apparently downloading Trollied and The Muppets just couldn't wait until half time...
Oh delli, delli alli!
England's most dangerous player so far. Really making a name for himself, hope he fulfills his potential!
First the tackle now the goal...that was glorious. You lovely heel fuck. 
WOW tho the fuck is this kid? 
I watched him during Arsenal- Spurs some time back, and I initially thought they signed some relative unknown from another top division. Then the commentator proceeds to say he is 19 years old.

Now I'm learning he has come from MK DONS??! 
Englands Pogba.
Lovely to see yet more quality kids coming through! What a banger. 
kane's hand is up in celebration when the ball's barely past the penalty spot. these boys, i tell you. 
Still no Glenn Whelan
I have an English father actually
What a fucking goal.
We've got some very lovely prospects. I hope we hang on to the likes of Dier, Alli, Kane, Bentaleb, Eriksen, Lamela etc and of course Hugo as captain for the foreseeable future. Even more excited to see other English youth players choosing to sign with us seeing how our players under Pochettino have received call ups to the NT. 
This still hasn't happened on my stream. Excited now. Not watched the gif yet.

Edit*  Damn that was nice 
This replay is cut 10 seconds short. Half of the fun in the goal is hearing/seeing the reaction from the players and crowd.
Exciting time for spurs fans. Potentially have the future of Englands central midfield pairing in their ranks.
May have taken a slight deflection, but what an audacious hit by the lad! 
Brilliant assist by Rooney.
Take a bow young man!
Got a slight touch off Kos but that was a cracking shot.
Incredible hit! 
The rise of this kid is insane
Oh dele alliiiiiiii

Oh dele allliiiiiiiiii
 
Oh dele alliiiiii
It's a ducking great hit, but without the deflection I reckon Lloris might have got that.
It hurts how good he is. At least MK only got £5 million for him, he is gonna be massive 
He's absolutely cunted it right into the top corner Clive
Always said he'd be an England star when I saw him play at 16. Love it.
If you squint your eyes it looks like something Ronaldo would do.
You are not supposed to cut Martin Tyler's commentary off. (if someone has a longer gif I'd appreciate it)
This lad was playing league 1 last season wtf 
This kid is going places
Gif doesn't show the great 50/50 he won before hand as well to start the move. 
Always rated him.
what a player he is
reminds me of a young Steven Gerrard
Not bad for 5 mill
Hopefully thats the only missile from someone called Ali we see tonight
Get in there Sarnie Street
what a hit
Mm yeah
WHAT A HIT SON!!!
That was delecious.
Noble effort.
Return of the caramac™

(if this ever takes hold in the public consciousness, please remember me) 
I fucking love this guy. I just had such a good feeling about him when we signed him back in Jan, and he's wildly exceeded my expectations. I hope he becomes a Spurs legend along with Dier, Kane and the rest. 
Wish the gif showed the tackle as well.
There's something about the way the ball rolls down the net that is fucking gorgeous 
This kid is playing beyond his years. Exciting times 
great goal but horrible defending, should not be having that much space
for fucks sake alli
COYS
man that was smoooooth
Is that his second call up? Yutes moving like he's playing virtual pro
It was great goal on his debut
I swear if he gets dropped for Michael fucking Carrick come the Euros.
What a thunderbastard of a goal
why would you watermark this
Out of a deflection
So are we pretending this didn't take a deflection then?
and on to the top we go!
Holy crap you were quick with the uploading. Sick goal though. 
What a fucking BANGER!
I feel a hype train coming into the station...
Unreal technique, what a goal
Enough to book a place in Euro 2016?
Outstanding goal. 
daaaaaaaaaaaaaamn
AA and a longer gif please!
Look like he tried to Dele the shot as much as possible and it worked well for him
Fantastic strike, but that gap between the French midfield and defense is inexcusable. 

Was it a foul prior to the build up? Whether it was a foul or not I can't tell, but they totally switched off and were punished accordingly.
Fucking smoooth.
This reminds me of the James goal from last year, good times, good times 
I feel like if \#22 had got up a little sooner none of this would have happened
Cracking strike. :D
Too soon!
Take a bow, young man!
as someone that go no time to see the games, i love this sub and the mad tekkers one
Thanks for that, my internet connection cut out right before this goal :/
Will be interesting what Alli's first phrase is to Lloris upon the conclusion of the break.
For the next week poor Lloris is gonna get reminded of that by the whole Tottenham squad!
Delecious Strike
He hit that like Akon.
All day in fifa 15 lol
Mr Koscielny


Im excited to see this lad's progression.
[Alternative angle at 2:04](http://footyroom.com/england-2-0-france-2015-11/)    
Incredible assist by Rooney.
Wilshere can do it without a deflection. Twice.
Good hit but takes a big deflection

Fantastic for him though, dreams come true
That goalkeeping was the worst thing to happen to France all week.
crucial deflection
WHAT A FUCKING THUNDERCUNT OF A GOAL!
that's a beautifully placed goal. 
As an Englishman - fuck yeah!

As another Englishman - sorry!
I love how early Kane celebrates. It's one of those strikes you know is going in well before it actually goes in the net. 
that assist by Rooney!!!
England is garbage though 
[deleted]
Good goal but took a deflection off Koscielny 
Spurs= Real Madrid B
That was a fucking bomb!
Fantastic strike. Only makes me wonder what Chelsea have on their hands should THEY EVER CHOOSE TO PLAY THEM, FUCKIN HELL.
[deleted]
What a killer. What a bomb from his right peg...
He thundercuntted that one!
FIFAd
that slight graze from Koscielny helped this one sneak in. What a good hit. He also had a hand in the second goal.
i hate watching amazing goals like this just to see a slight deflection... still a fantastic goal but it would be 10x more satisfying without that touch from kos that gave it a bit of curl
good. he fucked up that perfect ball to him earlier in the match
what a blast..
ITT: Spurs fans thinking they are funny.

Whatever happened to just praising a nice goal? Why all the sarcastic cringe worthy and try hard "jokes"?
He doesn't seem to want to do that for Tottenham tho....
What a bomb!
Nice goal, but really he had time to go camping on that midfield.
The Muslims strike France again!
Is Loris left handed? Like It was totally savable with right hand and he usd left ?
Reminds me of an english Anthony Martial
How soon after did they bring up 66 or were they already talking about it?
Sign him up Woodward.
Already overhyping Alli like hes gonna be Englands next best player will they ever learn?
Sounds like a Muslim.
Good to see our lord and saviour Aaron Mooy sparing the poor soul
He opted to be English, so I reckon we can pin this one on them.
And then Shelvey in a Man City kit misses
I didn't know that this is physically possible
Even though he fucked up, he did extremely well to cover that. 
That's so A-League 


(although bloopers certainly happen in every league)
I.... how?
The aussie commentary is what does it for me
Same game he also conceded a goal by passing the ball into the back of the legs of a defender who wasn't looking at him. 

Stop being injured all the time Theo, Young is a nutter
I was at this game and sat behind the goalkeeper's brother, mother and auntie.

Felt a bit sorry because no one else around them knew and some not so nice things were said.  He did fuck up again in the 2nd half which cost us a goal too, so it was a bit of an awkward game for the family!
That miss tho
The blooper series

[A-league bloopers Season 2014/15](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F6Bb3MeiM4I)

[2013/14](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ughNoJbjqbw)

[2012/13](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DUIpMv3lq6c)

[2011/12](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DruMnLAQPmM)

[2010/11](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ylf2YS1Qk84)

[2009/10](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TRjznWYy2IE)

[2008/09](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C0j2bJsHhnk)
So do I just show up at an A league match and get subbed on?
/r/me_irl
Which reminds me to watch this years A-league bloopers.
Can't decide which is more embarrassing. The missed shot or the nutmeg.
It is Australia. Obviously thought he was playing rugby league.
Is that the Mansour club in Australia?
Calamity Young
That was both hilarious and awful.
Do you guys know/remember [Tomislav Piplica](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NojBsu28j-4)?
In Denmark we call this (although its not very wide spread) a "Norsk finte" or Norwegian Fake. That is where you trick yourself trying to fake out your opponent.


Comical, but you gotta feel bad for the guy. He slipped in the worst way possible.
Man I love aussie accents
The first guy in white to touch should have just one-timed it in.
Well, that's not something you see every day...
What teams are these?

Edit: LOL, /r/soccer hates noobs
"when your girl comes to your game so you put on the skill show"
I played with him when he was playing in England, not at all surprised, no idea how he managed to play A-league!?!
I feel for the man. lucky there wasn't a goal at least
he's had a mare
This title should be based on the guy that missed that opportunity.
--It's not your fault...

--It's not your fault...

--Don't fuck with me, Sean. Not you...
He was just rucking over
http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/885/519/eef.png
top tekkers
Shocking miss afterwards.
Looks like a FIFA glitch. That shot too.
Typical MLS defend... oh wait.
I don't know what is more embarrassing. The keeper or the missed shot.
wtf how is that even possible
We should just stick to Rugby
I thought for sure they wouldve scored.  But what ever
Get him on showboat tomorrow
ready to become a center in the NFL.
To be fair he did close down the first shot and closed the angle for the second..
Hashtag Individual Brilliance
Wait what? How??
Most A-League thing in history. Comically stupid goalkeeping/defending gifting a chance to an attacker who fucks it all up.  
What does "nutmeg" himself mean?
And he's just given a goal away
another one for the blooper reel
At least it's not MLS? ;)
Romero is that you?
That is just perfect! 


I don't know what I'm more shocked about. The mistake or the fact that they couldn't even scored.
Two fuck ups in one. Magnificent. Glorious lack of coordination from the keeper.
Which is more lame?
The keeper or the fellow who took the shot
Looks like he went down undah there for a minute. 
Dafuq..
Nuttiesssss!
He looks like a dad that has to stand in goals because some of your mates didnt show up to the pitch 
This is like soccer suicide.
Never thought it is possible, until saw this video
How do you even fuck up that badly?

He's fucked up so bad I almost think someone tried to bribe him.
Thank you patio chair league
When i read that i didnt know what to expect. Wasn't disappointed xD
How is that physically even possible?
That's actually hilarious.
The fuck does nutmeg mean? 
Makes MLS defenses look pretty stout.
this is quite impressive to be honest, takes a serious set of skill to do that
I don't get what happened? Was the Pitch wet?
This entire sequence personifies the fucking A League:
- Total howler from goalkeeper
- Mooy unable to tuck away a ball gifted to him
- The keeper did something similar less than 15 minutes later
Nutmeg meaning?
I think that commentary may be worse than American commentary.
[deleted]
Poor guy was just distracted by the drop bear attack occurring in the back of the stadium.
Straya mate!
This title... is so perfect. 
Today I was just thinking not a lot of bloopers in the League this season so far, then this happens.
This is why the A-league will never be taken seriously. 

If you want a good laugh, youtube search "A-league fails"... 
Watched to see what a nutmeg was. Still not sure. 
It's not even the A-League and they still find a way to create hilarious over the top bloopers!!
When Australians play soccer
A-League has to have the most comical errors.  Everything about that clip was awful but hilarious to watch
This is easily the longest Streamable of my life :O 
Finally, some music on a montage video that I can agree with.
L1 + Triangle all day long.
This montage is relaxing af
Since last season, I began to notice how often he played this pass. It's incredible how easy he makes it look.
Now if only we had a Messi to receive those passes. 
That's just unfair 
It is actually unfair how incredible he is. We are witnessing history.
Getting it in the danger zone. I can only imagine the end result when Suarez is the man being passed to. I should watch more Barcelona. 
PUT IT IN THE FACKING MIXER
[Squawka ripped this and uploaded it to their facebook page with different music without credit](https://www.facebook.com/SquawkaFootball/videos/764318380340975/)
did Messi get bored of running and decided to become Pirlo? 
I especially like the one where Neuer just already casually sits 25m infront of his goal and clears the Messi pass. "Yup, knew that shit was comin, sneaky bastard!"
He has surely hacked the matrix. 
  
I think a lot of credit goes to the runners as well. A lot of poor finishes though. 
Came for the Messi, stayed for the music.


Seriously though, what was that music?
Fuck. He's going to turn into a deep-lying playmaker at 40. And kill it for another 10 years. Fuck.
Makes me think how incredible it would be for him to play with Cristiano, imagine that kind of service to Ronaldo streaking in from the left wing... 
I think he may have taken some pages for this one out of Ronaldinho's book. It has a very similar motion in his passing to how 'dinho used to pass at Barca. Anyone else see it?

Mirrored links
------

* [Original (streamable.com)](https://streamable.com/vocx)

* [Streamable](https://streamable.com/vocx) | [mp4-mobile](https://cdn.streamable.com/video/mp4-mobile/vocx.mp4) - [webm](https://cdn.streamable.com/video/webm/vocx.webm) - [webm-mobile](https://cdn.streamable.com/video/webm-mobile/vocx.webm) - [mp4](https://cdn.streamable.com/video/mp4/vocx.mp4) 


------

[^Source ^Code](https://github.com/hzsweers/gfy_mirror) ^|
[^Feedback/Bugs?](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=pandanomic&amp;subject=gfymirror) ^|
^By ^/[u/pandanomic](http://reddit.com/u/pandanomic)

Fking one trick pony /s
you could have had clips of messi just taking a shit or something and this would still be one of the best streamables ive watched because of the music
Always so perfectly weighted...
I have a guy like this on my Rec-league team. Just makes it so easy for everyone else to score.
I bet he gets the right toy from claw machines on the first try
oh pedro, im so sorry nobody is feeding you those godlike passes
Wow imagine if messi and this di maria guy were on the same team... They would probably win the world cup
What a relaxing video of floating balls and finishes. Rakitics smash into the corner is my favorite
Music? It sounds like one of those tracks from the late night playlist on Songza.
Put's a teammate 1 on 1 with the goalie almost every time. Wow.
This is equivalent to watching Monet painting a masterpiece with some elevator music in the background. So beautiful...
Good video but Laudrup's signature spoon pass is way more impressive. Laudrup or Guti (when he gave a shit) are the best passers ever in my opinion.
Great compilation man, really enjoyed it. Like what, 70% of those passes were to Neymar? Amazing connection those two have.
Classy music for classy Leo 
So if you play a high line against them this happens and if you play deep they just score from 25 yards out 
I miss him.  
Messi knows how overpowered the fifa 10 diagonal ball is.
I wish they'd keep stats for second assists, Messi would surely be at the top.
This was 100% learned from Ronaldinho. Look up Messi's first goal and he scores from a pass just like this one, after missing a chance at goal from the same exact pass.
Looks like it's always the same pass but it isn't. Every time he hits the ball the body angle is different, the position of the foot is different, the spot where the foot hits the ball etc.
God do I wish every youtube compilation used smooth jazz instead of mind numbing ADD EDM...

This video is the butter to my popcorn!
I know its repeating but I don't mind.
Looks like a Carlos Vela goal-compilation.
L1 + Triangle is OP
Leo takes that "wand of a left foot" expression to a whole new and unprecedented level.
The way it dips and it curls cool like a cucumber
What does OC mean?
He loves curving a ball from right to middle on the midfield to either Alba or Neymar. Always connects
nice to watch:)
Everything he does has his signature on it, no one quite like him
It took me way too long to realize where the music was coming from
Easily my favorite video I've seen on this sub. 
Great video
I miss him :(
ahh yes I miss this
Something he picked up from his mentor on his first [goal](https://youtu.be/y6jmrqUAMxk?t=9s) :')
no wonder why they score so many fucking goals. Its like he serves it on a silver plate 
Fuck why do people even need drugs just show them more Messi highlights
How is he so damn perfect every fucking time 
Good lord this video and the Di Maria one were irritating. So many missed chances!

Nicely done though OP, love watching Messi play. Incredible
Like a slightly better version of Tom Cleverley.
No doubt the best passer in the world.
This type of pass is more about the timing and sync between the players than precision and finese on the kick.

I guess this show how much Messi and Neymar are on the same bandwidth since most of these plays are between them.
Simply the best 
great post once again. head on over to /r/D10S for more
What do you mean "signature"? Does no one other than Messi pass like this?
just look at these passes man. It's obvious it's [Xavi's signature passing](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pQWqQiHNP5w)
Lecutinside man strikes again?
*boop*
you should do this for money, guy.
what a sexy video 
The weight on his ball and how quickly he gets it away is remarkable. 99% of other left footed wingers, an average keeper can read those and claim easily. 
You can see as soon as he turns inside in those positions that the strikers are going 'oh crap he's doing it again' and immediately sprint forwards. They know it'll be on a plate if theyre past the defenders.
I thought I was playing the Sims for a minute.
I see a lot of people saying poor/bad finishing, so in the runners defence...
 
This long pass takes some considerable time to reach the strikers and so the goalkeeper can react in time and is almost always in an amazing position to block the angle from the striker who received the pass. making it pretty hard to finish in some cases.
They're placed so perfectly between defence and keeper, causes chaos and forced the keeper to come out every single time. Incredibly consistent and accurate
I find it sad that the majority of defenders in these clips just give up and appeal for offside after the ball is lobbed. At least try and stop the godlike passes.  
R1+Triangle.
When I saw the title I figured it would be text based with some supporting video. Then when I saw it was a video I figured I would watch a couple passes just to figure out what he was trying to say. Then I was so mesmerized I watched the entire 4 minutes
The music is almost better than the highlights.
This music is awesome ahh
Dink. 
Can someone please link to the **music** source?
I came.
About time someone picks Messi appropriate music. 
finally a compilation of playmaking on this subreddit with better finishing
For as much of his skill as it takes him to be able to place these, I didn't see this pass made frequently until Luis Enrique's management. I'd chalk this up as much to Enrique and his tactics as I would Messi and his skill. Brilliant on both parts. 
i was watching with the audio muted and then I kept reading people talk about the music.

*headphones on*

Now I understand .....
1. Thanks for putting nice music on it.
2. Thanks for showing the clip til the end of the play.
Okay, this is Jazz right?  This is going to sound stupid, but every time I tell people I like Jazz it's always this loud close to rock n roll type Jazz (yes, I know that's where Rock came from).  

What is THIS type of Jazz called?  I love this.  How do I google this?  Anything, gaaaah?!
It's insane how many of those passes probably should have been goals due to another player taking a touch instead of the outside runner.
His ability to put it right on their foot every. Single. Time. So uncanny.
OP, what is this song called?
Reminds me of what Gerrard did for Liverpool. Perfect floating through pass to a run in. Beautiful.
His pass dissolves the back line everytime.  Dios mios.
Reminds of Ronaldinho. It's exactly how he does it actually.
The coolest part about this in my opinion is that he just RECENTLY added this pass to his Arsenal
This is a beautiful montage. What surprised me the most about it is how many times professional soccer players failed to score on a 1v1 possession against the keeper.
They have got to learn to score from them! !
He telegraphs each one, he pulls his right hand in towards his hip.

I'd totes be able to man mark him.
You can tell how excited the top 3 on the backside get when Messi cuts inside, every time they dart to try to catch the offsides line perfect. 
I feel bad for the keeper on all these passes!
bet he feels like a closeted gay man never knowing when to come out
He makes it look so easy.
Seeing these Messi compilations just reminds me of how many more assists he really should have.
People tell me Neymar was the 2nd best player in the world in the 2014/15 season. Yeah, I don't think so. Look at how many times he had opportunities from the genius of Messi. Now, he's proving himself to be close to 2nd best. Definitely not from last season.
Ahh that Rakitic goal... Good memories.
"Simply brilliant"
Sum up of the video: Soothing Jazz, majestical centers and desperate defenders raising their hands searching for an offside call.
It's crazy the amount of power he gets into his shots with a simple and quick flick.
Fantastic compilation.  Even more amazing is while watching, this is only a part of his amazing depth as a player.  He truly is a gift to the football world.  
I can do this too just by holding L2 +⏹
Imagine how fun as a striker that would be. 
I feel like Ozil passes like that a lot as well.

Also, best music in any soccer montage I've watched.
je suis charlie...bit me
Neymar missed a lot!
It's pretty absurd that this guy is literally the best goalscorer AND best playmaker in the world
TLDW:
Chipped through balls OP.
Messi = Lb + y
That one to Neymar was crazy 
I learn from this video dat #11 player can't stop the ball nicely...
Maybe he should stop.  It seemed that his teammate missed their goal opportunities more than they made them.

Ah yes, the signature left foot pass
These clips reveal so much to me about Barcelona's attacking strategy (or at least one of them). You can see how players in position to receive that pass go on a run for it as soon as Messi gets the ball and looks up. Awesome. 
It's so perfect. If you're a little ahead, the pass is so smooth it gives you a chance to chill and catch it.
Did anyone else have the urge to yell, "Stop ruining it!" every time they failed to score?
It also shows how Neymar wastes those chances XD
Anyone else find this more satisfying to watch than goal or dribbling compilations?

The music helped too.
Oooh Busquets with the dirty dummy in the box.
God I miss him.
is being a barcelona fan just an endless stream of fucking trophy parties and goals or something
As a defender, I would say the diagonal over the top is the hardest pass to deal with. 
I'm oddly aroused by this.
So hard to control a ball with that much spin on it. He hits it with just his big toe.
what's with the elevator music in the background
He gets to do this because his dribbling is so good. Players are afraid to tackle him in case they get megged so they stand off and give him space and time to curl perfect passes.
Long ball team
id like to see messi play on the left wing just to see crosses from him
Fucking incredible. All I can say about that. 
Imagine how many assists he would have if everything went in.
But can he do it on a cold, rainy night in Stoke?

He's so good, I got bored.
I love Messi but am I the only one that thinks that if you have runners behind the defense, anyone can make those passes? Again, Messi is awesome but these defenses are just standing their ground.
I wonder is it something really special? Not to take away from Messi, but aren't many top-class midfielders doing it on a regular basis?
If he doesn't win the Ballon d'or this year I'll start a riot.
I practice this pass so much, its so hard for people to defend because you can't predict how much back spin is on the ball. Also, it makes for such an easy touch when it drops. So happy Messi does this!
Messi is clearly the greatest player of all time.
If only Argentina could take Advantage of these passes. I saw only 3 clips from him with the national team here.

As soon as Messi turns around or as soon as he beats the defender everyone at the second post just starts running because they know the ball will come to them.
Is it just me or, as fantastic as Messi is with these, does he get away with a lot of offsides plays because he's so far back that the linesman misses where the receiver is standing? A lot of these looked offsides to me, but I could be wrong.
Having Aspergers can pay off sometimes
Some people might be interested in this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xKrwil8jpzs

He did that to one of the greatest club sides ever. Absolutely toyed with them. Legendary players in that team: Rossi, Maldini, Baresi, Costacurta, Tassotti, Donadoni, Gullit, Rijkaard, Van Basten.

Similar passing to Messi but more flicks and tricks.


some of those finishes were just awful
Neymar and Suares look like goons compared to messi
*Messi's thoughts must be "fuck I wish I was passing these to myself..."
An assist is sexier than a goal when done right.

Beckham to Ronaldo.

Bergkamp to Wright.

Bergkamp to Henry.

Alex Song to RVP.

All combinations that bring up memories of sexy goals.
Is this supposed to be a compilation of messi passing or neymar missing shots?
All I'm getting from this is that Suarez and Neymar aren't as good finishers as I thought they were

edit: /s
Those two ManCity clips he man at the back post has soooo much space haha. 
Oh god make it stop
Pedro should come back
Is it wrong that I expected him to shape a pass that spelled out his name?
It's like the back shoulder fade of soccer. Right where the attacker can get it, right past the defender's head, so deceptive, so clinical.
75% of Neymars goals at Barca are one timed headers or finishes from this type of ball
I am no Messi but this is a pass I do all the time in a sunday league.  I just don't have world-class people on the other end but its isn't exactly a hard pass to do when you have space.  You really just need to be on the same page with your teammates so they anticipate it and it helps for them to have a good first touch and a bit of pace to break the off-sides trap.  Honestly the person on the receiving end has to do more work than I do.

tl;dr -  I can't do a rabona, i can't do a scissor kick, I can't do an elastico, but I can weight a through pass in the air given some time and space.  
Makes you wish he was playing against proper defenders, the Spanish league is barely testing him.
Christ are the defenders even trying?
This pretty much puts to bed the 'bad service from mid' meme. 

Strikers have 1 fucking job and its basically pass (why call it shooting) the ball past this guy into a big rectangle. 
[deleted]
How the fuck does that even happen?
he scored too lmao
How stupid, someone's getting fired.

Considering he's scored, will Real Madrid be disqualified?
Aaaannd they subbed him off. Lmao. 

No one will ever know!
&gt; Canta el Carranza "Cheryshev no puede jugar". Hay poco cachondeo en Cádiz...

LOL, some people in the stadium are chanting "Cheryshev cannot play"
If we had had Casillas leaking the starting XI 6 hours before this wouldn't have happened :(

*(edit: thanks for the gold, stranger! totally deserved to be honest)*
My title is incorrect, sorry:

&gt;Cheryshev received three bookings in last season's Copa del Rey while playing for Villarreal.

Unlike in English competitions, suspensions in cups can't be served in the league (and vice versa), instead being limited to the specific competition
If this is true it's an inexcusable fuck up. Someone is getting fired
Breaking: Real Madrid buys Cadiz    
http://i.imgur.com/J2ZxfSw.png

His cover photo on twitter is rather suiting!
Staff on their bench is being called by phone about this. They just realised that they played Cheryshev. 




The Cadiz supporters are even yelling: 'Che-ry-shev no puede jugar'


Cope reporter is interviewing everyone inside the stadium LOL. Butragueño got his ass inside. they're fucked.
Cadiz C.F. president confirmed the club will file a complaint.
Ancelotti didn't die for this 
Osasuna was kicked out of last season's CdR for fielding an ineligible team.
[Canal+ announce that Madrid's, Borja Mayoral shouldn't be on the bench tonight as he was red carded in the final of the Copa Del Rey Juvenil](https://twitter.com/English_AS/status/672175033670832128), the gift that keeps on giving haha
Everyone is talking about Benitez playing him. But how the fuck was he able to even start without some official saying he can't play. Someone has to check over the team and make sure everyone is registered.     
Full story:

* Cheryshev was on loan at Villareal last season.
* At Villareal, Cheryshev accumulated three yellow cards in Copa del Rey, against Real Sociedad, Getafe, and Barcelona.
* The competition rules state that on accumulating three yellows, the player has to serve a one match ban in the competition.
* Consequently, Cheryshev was to serve a one match ban, [as confirmed here](https://twitter.com/English_AS/status/672170041077534720).
* Following the news coming out, Cheryshev was subbed off at half time.
* Earlier in the season, Osasuna was disqualified in similar circumstances when they fielded an ineligible player.
* Real Madrid would get disqualified if Cadiz, the club Cheryshev played against, make an official complaint, which they have confirmed they will.
* Gerard Pique tweeted [this](https://twitter.com/3gerardpique/status/672176304045838337) in the aftermath of the news coming out.


In all my years as a Madrid fan, no other season has worried me more than this one. The players look like they couldn't give a shit. Our starting forward caught a fucking extortion case. Benitez has no strategy, or even a clue what the fuck to do with the players. The ENTIRE starting defense is injured, not to mention that at one point 8/11 starters were injured. Barcelona raped us with more authority than I've seen since the tiki-taka days.. Now this. This is beyond troubling.
Does anyone remember when Rehhagel (?) used one more non-European player than was allowed and then tried to sneakily sub him off before anyone noticed? Good to see the game hasn't changed *too* much.
If Madrid doesn't get eliminated after the same thing happened to Osasuna...
omg how can this be even real...
How do they not know haha, any idea what a realistic punishment for playing him is? I assume the club gets punished, not the player

edit: Apparently Osasuna were thrown out of the cup for doing the same last season
It has been {0} days since the Real Madrid office have fucked up.
What a huge oversight.
How the fuck do you even miss that? Out of a competition this early for the dumbest reason
This happened to Benitez when he was coaching Valencia years ago, he fielded 4 ineligible players tho
Same thing happened to Osasuna and they did get disqualified.  This better happen.
This will be hilarious if they get kicked out 
Genuinely Sunday League stuff from Real.
How the fuck did Cheryshev not mention that
Real Madrid have outgrown the Copa del Rey.
[deleted]
This is absolute insanity.  This club is imploding right now.  Florentino Perez needs to be removed immediately.  There has been too much fucking bullshit under this man, he has made this place a mockery.  The fax bullshit in the summer, the constant managerial changes...but this is it.  
Haha ~~Hala~~ Madrid!
Everyone here talking about Benitez and administration not knowing or doing something and I'm here wondering why Cheryshev didn't know or didn't say something. As a football player you might pay attention to these things more, considering it is you who's in trouble, no?
But they aren't playing Celtic?
 Pique's tweet hahaha https://twitter.com/3gerardpique/status/672176304045838337
ARE YOU LEGIA IN DISGUISE? 
[Curious how this plays out and if they get punished](http://i.imgur.com/o6XfdTv.gif)
TO BE FAIR, I'm not sure this is all Benitez fault tho, someone back there should be the one checking this kind of things. Benitez just calls the players he wants and presents the list to another person.
Well this is beyond embarrassing..
This is Real Madrid. Fucking Real Madrid, one of the biggest clubs in world football. They were at least involved in the de Gea fuckup in summer and now this. Inexcusable for a club this huge. 
[**@Sport_EN**](https://twitter.com/Sport_EN):
&gt;[2015-12-02 21:33:06 UTC](https://twitter.com/Sport_EN/status/672166627677487106)

&gt;Madrid goal scorer Denis Cheryshev, it's being reported, should apparently be serving a suspension in the Copa....

----

[^[Mistake?]](/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&amp;subject=Error%20Report&amp;message=/3v7450%0A%0APlease leave above link unaltered.)
[^[Suggestion]](/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&amp;subject=Suggestion)
[^[FAQ]](/r/TweetPoster/comments/13relk/)
[^[Code]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster)
[^[Issues]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster/issues)

How does Cheryshev himself not know?
Why didn't the player say anything? Surely he would had to have known
Lol
How did they miss this?
Apparently Cadiz have to complain for Madrid to be kicked out. 
I'm not sure what happens in this instance... Can any Legia fans help me out? 
Apparently a guy sent a fax to Real Madrid earlier today about it but they ignored him (heard it on Cope, he's the one that told them about it). Fucking amazing. 
Guys, this is really simple to explain. There is a problem with the fax machine at RM.

[No, I'm not joking (poker face)](https://twitter.com/tancredipalmeri/status/672202376170840065). Yes, the fax machine. For fax sake.
Shades of Rehhagel.
now the tv is trying to know if borja mayoral's also in the same situation because he was sent off last season in la copa in juniors. major fuck up real.
They didn't get the fax
The third yellow card was when he was on Villareal in a game against Barcelona for a foul on Suarez. Suarez is always causing shit no matter what.
doesn't that mean they are disqualified from the comp?
The best part about this story is that this isn't the first time Benitez has done this. In 2001 Valencia were disqualified from the cup after fielding an ineligible player.
This morning Cadiz will denounce. Tomorrow afternoon the judge will make a decision, which by law, means Madrid will be disqualified from la Copa. This is going to be awesome :D
The amount of time this has happened on a high level (CL last year, CdR now), they'll have to introduce this as a feature into Football Manager 17
Cheryshev is going to Barca next year.
Feel really bad for Cheryshev. He was having such a great season with Villarreal last season, and did not got much playing time at Real this season. When he got first start, its a controversy. If Madrid gets disqualified, I hope he won't be the scapegoat.
The cup organizers did not send the fax to Madrid in time to tell them about Cheryshev's suspension. 
It's a bold strategy Cotton, let's see if it pays off for them.
Please tell me this is why Benitez gets fired  

Blessing in disguise
More likely what will happen (if anything) is Real Madrid will be given a 3-0 loss for this leg and a chance to make it up in the second leg. Normally that would be a guaranteed elimination, but Real Madrid at home against Cadíz can easily win by more than 3 goals.
Haha
I've heard this kind of thing happened several times, why would the officials let a player play if he's banned? They should have rejected the Real Madrid's starting line-up before the match begins. 
Benitez
How do you even make that mistake? Lmao
Holy hell how is it even possible to mess that up
Legia likes this post.
https://twitter.com/Troll__Football/status/672178228392566786

"I love you, Cheryzhev"
Well, that's one way to avoid getting embarrassed by Barcelona again.

Cadiz [officially denounced](http://web.cadizcf.com/noticia/14960/comunicado-oficial-del-cadiz-club-de-futbol) R. Madrid a few moments ago

I really hope cherychev doesn't get punished. It was honestly not his fault.
Cadiz has indeed appealed! 

http://www.espnfc.com/spanish-copa-del-rey/story/2738077/cadiz-appeal-against-real-madrid-using-ineligible-cheryshev
Don't worry, league president will veto it
Real Madrid in Copa del Rey http://imgur.com/ORETsvC
This is yet another piece of the lapidary that befalls this administration. 

Florentino dimisión.

Benítez dimisión.
Not only how did we field him, but how did nobody in the FA notice when we submitted the squad...
[Cadiz' board will get together after the match](https://twitter.com/Cadiz_CF/status/672171233228771328)
Countdown to Twitter account being made to let RM know which of their players are ineligible for each match starts now.

^and ^then ^one ^day ^leave ^someone ^out ^intentionally ^to ^test ^how ^much ^they ^would ^rely ^on ^it
I don't understand how stupid Madrid must be to do this. It literally makes no sense
Embarrassing for a large club such as Real Madrid
Benitez confirmed football genius!

Please Wenger lets do this next year in the league cup!
Real is just gonna slide Cadíz some money and say "fugiduh bout it"
Bet it was the cunts at the beginning of the Copa del Rey.
Guys, this is it.
Behind the scenes at Real looks a complete mess.
Who the fck uses a FAX in this age, is it because its easier to fake those documents or what?:DD
Manchester's fault, obviously. Jokes aside: Florentino Pérez is a fucking joke.
Oh boy this is gonna be good.

Imagine if Madrid get knocked out of the CdR for this.

There would be riots.
Haha Pique's such a troll

https://twitter.com/3gerardpique/status/672176304045838337
lmaoo thats shambolic
Fuck yeah Cheryshev, shouldnt even be on the field and scores a goal
THIS FUCKING CLUB...
Barca fans all over the internet think Real Madrid will somehow stay in the tournament. I don't know how it is possible or what reason they will use for it. But these football institutions are said to be huge pro-Real. So let us see. I hope these Barcelona fans are wrong, and that none of these tournaments are corrupt.
This is what happens when you rotate the team Benitez!
#letfootballwin 
RM might want to spend some of their considerable funds on a computer or two. 
Meh. They are already playing like shit.
Thats not even Sunday football stuff.
Wow. RM should be DQ ( like Osasuna). But that is a horrendous mistake for such a big club to make. 
Could things like this happen in the bigger tournaments? (imagine World Cup, Champions League finals.. etc). This is definitely Real Madrid's fault, but not only theirs. This should've been caught by the organizers when RM submitted their team.
Did they hire that administrator from Legia that got them kicked out of the CL?
There's only one thing that can be worse.
I wouldn't have done that in Football Manager, maybe they should hire someone to simulate the games.
who takes the most blame here? Ultimately Benitez as the manager, but what about Cheryshev -- he has to know he was suspended! Plus there are definitely people who work for the club who handle this type of administrative stuff. 
I guarantee you right now that they won't report them (Cadiz) or at most just a meaningless walkover and a fine which they will catch up with at the next game. They will not get disqualified.

If Real Madrid get banned I'll buy and wear a Cadiz shirt for a week and watch all their games til the next season.
LOOOOOOOL
Lol how does that even happen ? In any big club that's inexcusable. 
And this time, they can't even blame the fax machine
#LetFootballWin
[Piqué had this to say on twitter](https://twitter.com/3gerardpique/status/672176304045838337)
That explains Pique'slast tweet.
:'‑) :'‑) :'‑) :'‑( :'‑( :'‑( :'‑) :'‑) :'‑)

or another version:

😂😂😂😭😭😭😂😂😂
Real Madrid won't be banned. They will pay Cadiz a nice sum, and there will be no complaints and consequences. Unfortunately, laws do not apply to rich and influential. ;/
Lol. Incompetent fucks. First the de gea transfer fiasco and now this. How can a big club like Madrid fuck up on technicalities this badly. 
even if they cheat real madrid cant beat barcelona

you have an out of form ronaldo vs suarez, neymar, and messi.  good fucking luck.
FLORENTINO DIMISIÓN AHORA!
I wouldn't be surprised if some money if transferred under the table and Cadiz doesn't complain.
Pique has already started with the banter on his twitter
Ridiculous. An absolute disgrace. I feel embarrased
ROFL
[deleted]
Someone is getting fired.
let's wait and see what cheap way Real finds to avoid any punishment
This is more of a fuck up than I think most of you realize.

How on earth did Cheryshev himself not remember he was suspended? Getting a red card is kind of a big deal, and something worth remembering. This is his fucking job and he messed up.

How does the manager forget that one of his players is suspended?? It's his fucking job to pick the lineup and make sure that everyone he chose is eligible to play. Surely remembering that one is his players got a red card has to be on his mind. Or his assistants mind. Or his coaches mind. Or in SOMEONES mind.

Furthermore, did no Real Madrid player remember that their teammate Cheryshev got suspended and give him a reminder? For fucks sake, this is getting ridiculous. 

It's really just a total fuck up from the players, to the managers, to the club in total.

Sorry Real Madrid, but you deserve to be banned from the Copa del Rey.

Edit: Luckily someone corrected me. Turns out this was a suspension from last year when Cheryshev was on a different team. So actually a completely understandable fuck up.

I'll still keep this comment up though in case anyone wanted to read it. 

bold move
So they are reporting that he got red carded last season for Villareal. Do cup game suspensions carry over to the league? Or is it true that he is ineligible?
Obviously it's a dumb mistake, but shouldn't the officials have done something about it?
This is amazing. Laughing my ass off...
Didn't West Ham this aswell with Tevez or something
Benitez pure banter
That's good for us... I suppose.
i think the exact same thing happened to wolfsburg 10 years ago - also a cupmatch. they won 3:0 against some amateurteam but the match ended up being 0:2 in favour of the amateurteam because they subbed a player that was suspended because of a red card he got a year ago in a previous team :D
The lengths Benitez goes to to leave Madrid
This is so fucking stupid. Happened to PSV as well some years back if I recall correctly. 
Florentino will pull a few strings.
Well, looks like someone wants to get fired
Kovacic on for Cheryshev lol
Can RM's season get any worse? 
I remember when PSV did this with Manuel da Costa and got disqualified too. It feels like it was a few years ago but it's probably like 2004, and the guy is probably retired, I don't even want to know. 
That's incredibly unprofessional from a club of Real Madrid's standing
We are currently the butt of the joke, I really feel bad for Denis, at this point, knowing that Cadiz will probably notify the LFP what's happening, Rafa should've just let him play instead of taking him off. 
No Copa. No Sextete.
Our embarrassment continues in our dark period...
Benitez, the tinkerman
Lmao Benitez is such a potato.
Dont they have to turn in something to the officials saying who will be playing or something like that. So wouldnt the officials have told Real Madrid, no you cant play that guy. 
Reminds me of Valencia when they subbed in an extra non-eu player (Killy Gonzalez iirc). Oh Spain..
For fucks sake
At Villareal, Cheryshev accumulated three yellow cards when Cherychev played for a different league then Benitez.
If it's true he should be suspended, kick them out.  You know full well that any "smaller" team that was caught doing the same thing would be out of the competition in a flash.
Benítez, please stop.
How did it slip through the cracks that he has a suspension?  Truly doesn't make sense
Welp, time for forgot about this year 
You would think that the player himself would know and tell the team? Or maybe he was like fuck it no one will notice
Cmon Rafa
Even if RM are given a 3-0 loss, they can still make it up in the second leg, correct?
Legia Warsaw's admin team, strike again.
Should've delegated it to the assistant.
The cup organizers did not send the fax machine related problem.
As much as I'd LOVE this, it won't be the one bringing the bags Mysteriously ....
Apparently Real Madrid got a fax to all teams of a link somewhere?
assuming that fax machines are not working and the whole real madrid team admin is on hibernation mode... how come the player himself didn't know that he's suspended and not eligible to play!!
Is it his job, wouldnt a sports director in RM lately, and Florentino takes sports decisions instead.
\#LetFootballWin

Isn't that right Legia fans? ;)


Osasuna was disqualified last season for the same as eliminating you ourselves.
wouldn't have this issue if Benitez  played football manager.
I also think it is you who's in trouble, no?
Butragueño: “Article 41 of the Federation's Disciplinary Code states that the sanction will not take effect if the interested party has not been personally notified and Cheryshev was not notified"
https://twitter.com/3gerardpique/status/672176304045838337

Pique reaction

LOL get my popcorn
And this is how you get fired, Benitez....
First the De Gea fiasco, and now this... What a time to be alive.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHHAH

&gt; "Saca a De Gea, Benítez saca a De Gea"

https://twitter.com/DonYesu/status/672182296561192960
Rafa get the fuck out!
Benitez you fucking idiot
Well that's hilarious! 
Hopefully this is the start or Perez's downfall
ayyy lmaooo only god knows how fun and long will be this night HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
The gift that keeps giving. #HALAMADRID
https://twitter.com/3gerardpique/status/672176304045838337
Cheryshev got his last yellow in CdR for a foul on Pique. This can't get more funnier.
https://twitter.com/DonYesu/status/672175014179938305
its Real Madrid, they'll get a 20 euro fine and be asked not to do it again.
I really wonder what does he write on this paper he has then!? It's so useless that even these type of important information are not in it WTF.
Oh dear
Anyone have Borcher's block right before that?
Attacking substitution while parking the bus, and it pays off. Fucking weirdly brilliant finish, as well.
The problem with Portland is they always try to walk it in. Oh wait, it worked this time? Hot damn
Before everyone starts coming in and starts hating on the keeper. He's a young inexperienced mexican lad who has been quite solid this season considering his age. Unfortunately, lack of experience can lead to mistakes. 

But overall while he jumped in a bit early, still a very good play from Valeri and Melano.
He completely did the keeper. What a great substitution that turned out to be! 
Fantastic composure.
Picked an incredible time to have his shining moment as a Timber.
People will probably bag on the defending, and yeah it's obvious the defense was unorganized, but the context is that Dallas was down a goal and this was in the last minute of stoppage time in an elimination game, so they were pressing everyone forward. Thus the acres of space in the entire play.

Their defense was solid for most of the game and the previous 10 minutes were nerve wracking as they came very close to equalizing needing three goals (and they got the first two in the span of 5 minutes) to get to extra time. 

Credit to Porter for subbing Melano on as a counter-attacking threat to take advantage of it - but if Dallas scored on the previous play that Borchers blocked or somehow equalized, he probably would have been condemned as making a terrible decision when Portland needed to hold on to their one goal advantage.
I squealed like a little piglet!! ON TO THE CHAMPIONSHIP!
That was completely nasty, holy crap.
My voice is gone.  MLS Cup here we come!
I only said "no fucking way" four times when watching it
I remember when melano played in belgrano and valeri played in lanus. Man that seems like forever ago. 
Surprisingly composed finish and shocked because he's rushed many chances this year. Fair to say the wife and I lost our shit.

I think the first guys lunge actually led the keeper to make the move inside even more.  The keeper is young and didn't have a great series but sounds like he was pretty solid all year. 

Exciting game! Pumped for the timbers to be in final!
Well shit, I was at the game. Dallas fan. It sucks how the game plays out but it's also so beautiful
$5 million goal.
"avoids using weaker foot"
Cheeky bastard
This might be one of the cheekiest goals I've ever seen.
I'm crying
We are so hot right now it's rediculous 
http://i.imgur.com/Q6npEDX.gifv
I was so close to this at the stadium. It's been a while since I got so heart broken like this. #DTID
This reminded me of the type of move Pavel Datsyuk always does in hockey. (Yes I'm canadian)

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mg1E1uR4nkg
Dirty. 
For some context: This goal staved off the Dallas comeback to put the Timbers through to their first MLS Cup appearance and seal their first western conference championship.

On our back heels we really, really needed that, from an expensive signing that hadn't done a whole lot.
Wowzers.
Now that is skill and composure on the ball.
Where is the finals played? Columbus? Both teams have the same regular season record.

Legitimately one of the most exciting games I've ever seen, this makes me really excited for the future of the league.
Credit to /u/Fusir.
His hips do more dancing than shakira's
WOW thats must have felt so good to score
What a play by Melano. He did that goalie dirty. Can't wait for the championship game next week.
My favorite thing about posts from the MLS is seeing all the comments from users with Prem flairs hahaha
Damn that was nice 
definition of composure
Thank you defender for not kicking the ball out after it had crossed the line and letting it hit the net. Always annoys me a little when they do that. A goal that doesn't hit the net and just crosses the line doesn't feel like a goal either. Cool story bro, downvoting myself. 
Also worth noting that this guy is 21 and a top prospect in Argentina, and is a designated player in MLS. 

MLS isn't just 11 Lampards playing 11 Gerrards while earning pots of money. The average age of a designated player is 27. There are some overpaid old guys, but 1) the teams which employ those old guys, like NYCFC, tend to do poorly, and 2) most DPs are either in their prime, or young, and more often than not, they're South American. Fabian Castillo is an example of an ideal DP.
Haha, that was an epic goal! What a dummy on the keeper as well. Nice goal!
Linesman had a bit of a seizure there
sold on gumtree
How he didn't make the move inside even more.
yeah baby!
this man is going places
Look like he is podiski with his right
But overall while he jumped in a bit early in attempt to cut off the center pass.
That lad is a die hard fan and I've been wanting to go to a game they were pressing everyone forward.
awesome skill, go Timbers! :D
I love MLS, but why did it feel like there was a whistle blown right when this GIF started? No one, not even the crowd, reacts throughout the whole thing!
sick. 
Filthy
 Man, I was at this game and stalk about the air going outbox the stadium. The entire 15 minutes leading up to this was just Dallas taking it to them.  Then this goal. And the stadium just emptied. 
Introducing the new FIFA 16 off ball body movement!

Wow, can't say I've ever seen a finish quite like that. Not often you can say that. Poor defending though.
That was just lovely

this is the best goal ever 
Oh,, wow
Slang like above does not make sense according to the end so it becomes he did the keeper too much here though, #37 was wide open and this was going to cheer for the recent run of phenomenal form, but Borchers has shown up to take a shot with his left...
Nobody's charging on him!
Cool, cool, cool. Mr. Cool.
\#24 with that James Harden defense. 
What a shiet defender? 
Composure, skill, and hustle, it's nice to see they are playing like it's the playoffs.
That's as close to walking it in that I've seen in a while.
Easier to finish with the left foot surely?
Have this kid in football manager, it's cool to see MLS bringing in good talents.
Sad to see defenders give up way before the ball is in the net.
Utterly atrocious defending. 
That defending is very lazy, although I understand the context. Very composed finish in the end however, although the keeper will probably feel although he could have done better. 
Not exactly a happy surname. I bet he's been told "me lamo el ano" a few times in his teens. Or maybe not. 

Nice play though, any other argies tearing it up in the US? (other sports count too)
Shit goal

Obviously it got upvoted by americans with muh mls

Pretty cool that football is growing in those parts of the world though
How can someone be so right footed?
Defense level: match fixing.

It was a joke, lads ... Jesus Christ are people thin-skinned around here.
I'm an American and I watch the MLS, but come on people you have to admit that defending was terrible.
Come on Portland, you guys already have a big following over there, why couldn't you have just let us have this...
Nice inventive finish and skill before that, but that's shocking defending and keeping.
Wow. This looks like me playing FIFA against my 5 year old cousin. Incredible goal. 
Americans just stop playing football and keep going on basketball
Lol mls. Stop trying to make it happen
This is the worst advertisement for MLS
Seriously almost zero comments on the non-existent defending?
Soo fucking bad defending 
Typical MLS defending.
Refused to roll it in with his left... While the feints were impressive as hell that detail left a bad impression.
congrats fellow Americans for finally contributing to the sub.
MLS, what else
MLS, the league where great footballers go to die.
Does he have a left foot?
So not only are MLS defenders trash, but the goalkeepers too?
this isn't a great goal, it's a terrible mistake by the keeper. melano basically didn't know what to do and then the keeper got out of his way
Wait... So football is played in America? Really?

(Or soccer as you call it) anyways im shocked
Wait.. people watch MLS!
Toe poke. 0/10.
Didn't realize it's been 3 years already.
Still the only goal I've ever seen that made the entire pub applaud.
I love to remind my friend of the fact that he was there to see the game. I remind him every time I see him. Especially of the fact that he got bored and skipped the last 10 minutes to get a beer at the nearest bar.

Thus, he missed the most classic goal a swede has ever scored.

I will remind him until one us dies. 

Actually, I will go to his grave and remind him if he goes first, yeah that'll I do.
One of the greatest goals of all time, I don't mean to say it is the most important or skillful goal of all time, but this is just a type of goal that will never be recreated.
I was there!!

And what's more, I said Ibrahimovic was overrated all day.
Zlatan can cut through a hot knife with butter.
That was 3 years ago!?
And tonight he'll play at ~~Friends~~ Zlatan Arena again. 12 games there has given him 19 goals so far.
Impossible to everybody else but Zlatan.
I'm convinced that this match is why England don't switch out the team much for no consequence matches anymore. 6 players debuted there and they conceded 3 goals in the last 20 minutes after subs had been made. Of those six only Sterling has regularly featured since. I think Hodgson prefers to keep a similar team together as much as possible and avoid embarrassing losses.
wow, they really do make the most amazing goals against Hart.
The audacity! The absolute audacity!
3 years since that shit happened, and my good old boring life is still pretty much the same. Which is a good thing, thankfully.
3 fucking years ago?! 
A goal so impossible that it was made possible. Wait...
Sensational goal.

I remember a United supporting friend who claimed Rooney's goal versus Man City was better though. I don't think I even bothered trying to argue.
Thank god it was Shawcross running back, if it was someone even pretty good we would've been denied a classic goal. 
Poor Hart
He also did this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QeoEFsZTH28 the same game  one of those games i will never forget.
This was three years ago??!! Wtf??!!! 
Was that 3 years ago? Shit where has my life gone.
Has it really been 3 years already? Wow. 
I'm getting old.
No fucking way that was 3 years ago!
Still my favorite goal of all time. Just the sheer audacity to try such a thing. Without a moment's hesitation.
This was the goal that introduced me to Zlatan. Someone pulled this up immediately when i told them I had never heard of him. I spent the next hour watching his highlights. 
Such a beast,classic xi person
I got tickets to that game as a birthday gift. Pretty much the best gift I've ever gotten!
Lol Hart is in a lot of highlights videos but not as a compliment.
Would've been so typical if Shawcross ruined it. 
3years already??what?
As a proud northern Irish man, this was an absolute joy to watch while I was on mainland England for a training course for work. The fact I was being trained in Sandhurst military barracks meant that the day after the match I wasn't gloating too much... but that night in the bar was great! 
Feels like yesterday, jumping and screaming of joy with my mom infront of the tv.
3 years? Damn.. Thought was a lot more recent
Three years ??? holy shit time flies 
This feels like yesterday.
About this goal Zlatan said that some goals you can only score in the playstation and this one not even in the playstation you can do it.. and isn't he right? Damn.

Something along those lines.. someone correct me if I'm wrong!
And Mexes made a similar one the next day. 
Nice assist Joe Hart
Three years on and I still only have one thing to say about this: "Oh, fuck off!"
all hail zoltan.
Almost impossible. ftfy
This was the moment I began to like football. Serious, before this moment, I didn't give a fuck about football, but when I saw this, I thought "Damn, this shit's entertaining!". 
Best goal I have ever seen along with the Roberto Carlos impossible goal at essentially 180 degrees, and his free kick. I could watch this for hours.
Easily the best goal I've seen.
For all you fuckers that complain about FIFA not being realistic.
Greatest goal I have ever seen.
Ibra, what the fuck was that?
Also up there is the goal where he's just so big and tall, that the goalkeeper hits him on the goalkick and it richochets in for a goal
Great player!
Been three years and I still don't know what the fuck Hart was doing.
Wtf? That was 3 years ago?
Yet again I'm reminded how quick time flies :o

Wow, time flies. Can't believe it's been 3 years since that glorious goal.
Impossible is an understatement.
Look at the way his nose sways in the wind
Was in a math class when this happened. It's one of the goals you don't forget
Question in light of the discussion over in the Ronaldinho - Seaman post: is this goal a fluke too? 
Remember watching this game in the office. As the only Scot in the office full of English, I used to receive a fair bit of pisstaking so this was enjoyable.

I said at the time it was the greatest goal I've ever seen and I stand by it. There may be more aesthetic goals or well worked goals but with this goal, I genuinely can't think of another player who would have had the audacity to even try it, let alone execute it.
Joe Hart always looking like a bitch boy. 
WTF did i just witness, he is truly what i hear he is.
feels like ten years
The best part of this goal for me is, when Hart comes out to head the ball, Zlatan stops. He somehow fucking knew what was going to happen. 
Breaking news : Swedish man rapes 11 British  men 
Ima be that guy, its not really *that* impressive... its like a one in a thousand goal but its not like a piece of magic you'd see from Messi, its just like 'wooahh shit, that actually went in? dayum'
Not impossible. It's into an empty net...
I'm pretty sure this is the headline /r/soccer was founded for, all those years ago. 
Personally? Has he made someone else achieve an orgasm?

Best headline I've seen, along with "Sorry foi calling France a shit country".
Ramos for /r/soccercirclejerk mod. 
Good thing they play in white I guess
Gary Neville knows that feel.
Ramos acknowledging the circlejerk.
Not even going to read the article. The headline is enough for us. 
Anyone else picturing a frustrated Ramos heading back to the locker room with a raging hard on?
And Piqué said ["el clásico makes us horny"](http://www.marca.com/2015/11/09/futbol/madrid-barcelona/1447023771.html)
He should ask Ray Hudson how he does it
Haha i love the way this is phrased. 'y'know I've never *personally* reached an orgasm during El Clasico but in the changing rooms Carvajal and Pepe were bragging about climaxing whilst shutting down Neymar in a 2 on 1
To the top of /r/soccer we go lads
Hard to believe it, you hear so much moaning during a Clasico
Looks like the pain killers are working
No wonder he can never finish
Poor blue balls Ramos
He probably did reach orgasm when he scored *that* equaliser against Atlético
I think by him saying he has never personally reached one suggests he know someone from Real has. I put my money on Ronaldo, hopefully they include that fact in his new documentary.
Pique at it again.
What the fuck...lol
"Thanks for that Sergio, but we were just asking which goal you thought deserved to win the Puska award?"
They say a man can be stimulated to orgasm through his prostate but I guess not if Ramos didn't get one during that 5-0 anal shellacking a few years back.
Sounds like an ex-gf interview. 
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
I felt the same when we beat United 5-3 Sergio.
And here I thought BeIN was going out of its way to over-hype this match for the past month and a half.
Gotta tickle that prostate, buddy.
The way it's worded is as if an unsettling  amount of the players of the pitch have experienced it at one point...
I cant believe this isn't /r/soccercirclejerk 
That explains why his hair always looks so wet
u wot m8?
Best title on Reddit I have ever seen. Congrats on winning the karma lottery, OP.
What would it take to orgasm during a game?
At least his uniform is white
Here Ramos is working on achieving an orgasm: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4hgvmfE8h_M
someone get the lad some clamps!
As if we needed more confirmation on how Sergio Ramos is not among the brighter candles on the tree ...
Okay O___O
But when he does, [thats what I call, a sticky situation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bkmV9mnUTC4)
I know how he feels. I was once at a Cork City v Cobh Ramblers game. It was a mess.
http://i.imgur.com/Fhorac3.gif
wat
Ummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Me too Sergio, me too.
He should have just gone to Gerard Piqué's room.
TMI, mate
This is definitely a new version of trash talking
Is he talking about Ray Hudson?
Roy Hodgeface has
Bleacher Report is just awful. Written by Americans who garnered their knowledge from social media and FIFA games.
TMI, dude
Is this real life? 
I love this guy. 
Typical Ramos! Ha, gotta love it!
Not even when Ronaldinho fucked you so nicely ten years ago?

Probably to young and inexperienced to enjoy it, even the cheated  husband clap at that...
what with all these edgy fake n' gay quotes coming out of Spain?
Neymar's performance during messi's 2 month absence really killed the whole *he couldn't do it without suarez and messi* idea.
I'm so glad he decided to move to Barcelona instead of Madrid. Playing with guys like Messi, Xavi and Iniesta really improved his gamestlye.
He trains hard, so hard his hair fell off.
The thing is, to come into a team like barca you're forced to add 'playmaker' to your list of attributes, especially as a forward. Saying that, I don't think anyone expected for him to develop this side of his game to this immense level. He has better link up play than most midfielders in the world.
Guy's only 23 years old. Fuck. 
Astonishes me how much he has developed. Honestly, every time he gets the ball, I expect something special to happen. Remind me of the days before 5 players use to mark Messi.
Fucking Munir can't finish for shit.
Jesus Christ, he's a bit bloody good.
I've not seen too much of Barcelona this year, but from the matches I have seen, and what I saw in this video he's looking more and more like a dead cert to win the Balon D'Or in the near future. 

I know highlight reels can be made to make just about anyone look like Messi/Ronaldo, but the fact his is so long, and each highlight is of a high quality, and only up to November is crazy. A lot of players would be happy if across their entire career a highlight reel like that could be created, but for not even half a season it's unbelievable.

I'm sure it helps playing in one of the two best teams in the world at the moment, but if anyone is likely to replicate Messi and Ronaldo's form after they've retired, I'd say Neymar is looking the most likely.
As a Man utd fan it's weird seeing so many chances being created ;)
The boy really personifies what it means to take your game to the next level. People often talk about players doing it, not many actually succeed so flawlessly.
Typical Brazilian league defending 
When I see him play and dribble like this I get flashbacks of Ronaldinho. The most entartaining guy to watch right now by far.
I like how he has become more serious and less provocative to their opponents. He's really showing the world now. I hope he keeps this up. Also the hair is better this way.
He's always been a great passer/playmaker, he's got 27 assists for Brazil. He was just playing in a position where he didn't have that much liberty and you can't blame Lucho for that because for the sake of balance, it worked. Barca have since collectively evolved from last season and have added a few other facets to their style.
"Neymar isn't a complete player. He can only score goals, he doesn't know how to create plays." - Pele


IMHO Neymar is **comfortably** the 2nd best player in the world right now, and to be honest on current form he's giving Messi a run for his money. 

Also definitely the most entertaining to watch.
i can't even play that well in fifa
I´d say he´s pretty much on Ronaldinho level now. A little bit less spetacular but a bit more effective.
What's the song?
50% Iniesta
50% Messi 
100% Jesus 
As fascinating as it was to watch this video and see Neymar's skills, this was super frustrating to watch. Like holy shit people, do you not know how to finish? 
But FIFA says his passing is only 72...
His progress over the past two years has really been impressive.  The difference from this first year to his second was huge, for instance he went from 15 goals to 39. Now in his third season he is going up another entire level.  

Last season he was great, but it was clear he was still looking for Messi a lot of the time, either to pass to or receive one from him, particularly in the beginning of the season. He would hesitate a little bit too much.  Messi/Iniesta-style of his passing style is very evident, with his own flair.  You can still see he is not at their level yet, but with how fast he is developing, he might be there very soon.
In 2-3 years he will be the hands down best player in the world, It is really encouraging to see a young player (who had a few maturity questions about him) grow and become a more complete player. And he is only improving
Somehow the ability to make great compilations seems to always go together with a horrible taste in music.
So many waste chances... damn it
Imo the best example of that is the assist in the first match of Copa America.
The way Barcelona play is the opposite of the current Man Utd philosophy. They play to win, not 'to not lose'. They play with no fear, imagination, making runs and creating absurd angles. 

In my opinion, the person that has taken them to the next level is Suarez. He is a very talented player, who genuinely knows what being a team player means, and an incredible work ethic. Just look at what his inclusion did to that Liverpool team. 
I think Neymar is better than Ronaldo. There, I said it.
He's the closest thing there is to Messi, and we have both of them!


What a big screw up by every other top team in the world.


lol I still remember "but Gotze and Bale will be better!"

ha
I should watch Barca play more often.
The way this is edited makes Suarez look like a very poor finisher.
I remember a thread some time back asking what Brazil's all time XI would be and one guy was super adamant that Neymar wouldn't even make the bench. He would make the bench. 
Nicklas bendtner is the greatest striker that ever lived 
He's a much more complete and better player than CR7 and should get second or third place in the ballon dor after Messi. 
can't wait to see Neymar at United next year... together with Ronaldo, Messi and Pogba... 
It's great to see he can handle all the attention he is getting from defenders. I honestly think he is beginning to look like Messi with these crosses and genious passes
He is learning from the best.

He's staying on his feet a lot more now, which allows him to do a lot of these amazing skills. Based on their passing skills I honestly think, theoretically, only an ultra aggressive sweeper like Neuer can stop Barca's front 3, since he wouldn't allow many of these long passes to be taken without pressure. 

I really hope we can get Ribéry fit again and have our European counterpart to Barca's trio. Would love to watch a full strength Barca vs Bayern. When we beat them 7-0 they didn't have Messi and when they beat us we didn't have a lot of our starters either. 
I'm surprised Munir finished High School
Messi's influence in Neymar's game is evident, a lot of the great balls he's made are trademark Messi. Nice to see Neymar truly coming into his own. Second best player in the world if you ask me.
i have never liked Neymar,particularly because of the diving but you gotta give it to him, he has been playing incredibly well lately.
Neymar &gt; Hazard.
Based on purely this video (and other /r/soccer gifs), Neymar is reminding me more and more of Ronaldinho in his prime. The pure magic every time he gets the ball. The efficiency of Messi/Ronaldo has taken away the game's magic
Munir and Sandro choke every time 

Jesus Christ, he's a bit skeptical at first, I knew that he has a top spot in top 3.
... so many missed chances...
The skill level in Barcelona is so fucking unfair!
best OC I've ever seen in /r/soccer

goddamn Barca is playing the best I've ever seen them right now
Thanks for sharing this, loved seeing plays like this.. Must be amazing playing in a team where everyone is making intelligent runs, able to "click" together and passing moves work out beautifully 
What song did you use in this compilation???? love it
neymar's development is amazing. unlike munir's finishing...;)
Nice video!
good god... that was so much fun to watch!
he's like Messi with a bit more flair now.
Before he was all flair and goals. He's fucking amazing at everything now. 
I wasn't Neymar fan before because of all the floping and simulations, but damn he evolved so much. Best attacking trio ever.
It's the hair, he's in the form of his life atm.

Good to see he's not going down as much as he used to as well
Neymar has been the best signing since Messi. Simply beautiful to watch the greatest help mentor the next greatest.
Anyone else bored with the constant ranking of players on here? And the constant Ballon Dor predictions? Don't know why I open Neymar threads, always the same boring posts.

"he is the 2nd best player in the world"

Even more boring than the constant Messi versus Ronaldo debates that have gone away now that Ronaldo is apparently shit.
As a lifelong Ronaldo fan (I support Manchester United) I don't think Ronaldo will make the top 3 spot for the Ballon D'or this year. I think Ronaldo himself has realised this, hence why his movie has come out around around now. The movie is Ronaldo's Ballon D'or for 2015. Obviously, he has still had an incredible year and has pushed the boundaries of excellence yet again, but what Messi, Neymar and Suarez have done this year is truly a wonder. To be able to distribute and showcase the full ability of players their calibre AT THE SAME TIME is, on face value, impossible - yet it is something they're achieving. They're thriving off each other. You can physically see it. Yes, Ronaldo is obviously up there with a shout, and if he does make a top 3 spot I doubt too many would complain, though it is apparent that Messi, Neymar and Suarez have stolen the show this year. We are blessed. 
Suarez with the near post OP finish. 
Mildly frustrating how many great opportunities he makes and are missed.

I think Neymar is fantastic but it should definitely be acknowledged he wouldn't be this way without Barcelona around him. He has fantastic vision and can deliver perfect balls but you need your teammates to be making those runs all the time as well.
Sooo how would I go about downloading this.?
Awful misses compilation 
Second best player in the world,no doubt.
Nice song btw
[deleted]
damn, this is kinda scary

I think he's learned quite a lot from playing with Xavi, Iniesta and of course Messi 
Sizzling trickery,so sublime
Barcelona is making soccer look easy. The things they are doing aren't even that complex, they are just thinking at another level and have an understanding/awareness of each other at a different level.
That's seriously some Laudrup level passing.
dat assist into munir and pique furiously angry with his finishing lol
I didn't notice when the video stopped as it just started over from the beginning again. It wasn't until I saw him do that fake step over for the second time and I went to rewind and watch it again that I realised. Mesmerising.
I remember thinking that Barca over-paid for both Suarez and Neymar, I was very wrong. I actually believed that Neymar would flop. 
I really think it makes sense that we lost that much two days ago, since he was involved in all six goals they scored. This guy is outstanding right now.
This video really makes it look like he has the shittiest teammates 
Holy macarena, he is amazing
He's only 23 and already this fucking good
Pretty sure he could pass the ball before this season. Working with Inestia and messi will obviously rub off
Would any of you guys compare him to Rivaldo?
who's that number 17 &amp; how the fuck did he manage to end up at barca?
Wow, they are wasteful! Sorta...
It is awesome to see a young player develop over the years (both in skill and class). Watching him get clipped up in the box trying to turn and cross it without immediately going down was really awesome. Really an incredible team they have and some fun looking football being played. 

**Edit:** The play I was referring to was right at 6 min in the video OP posted. 
song?
If only Surarez could finish. /s
THATS MY RINGTONE!!! tRoPkillAZ
Crazy how many sitters they missed. Barca might actually be underrated based just on score lines. 
Not even a Barca fan and some of these attempted finishes are getting me riled up.
No wonder Suarez is smashing it this season, Neymar passing to him and not bloody Joe "Pirlo" Allen. 
And when I do it I am called a show off because my mates can not even calm down a weak pass right into their legs.
song name? this bangs

might be the first time ive ever heard a montage track that didnt suck
His teammates in this video are not worthy. 
The guy is only 23, barely older than myself and already one of the world's best footballers. Amazing. 
This is going to sound so stupid as its Barcelona, but from this video, Neymar actually looks too good for the team. Like a Pro stepping down a level or two for a kick about. Unbelievable how much he has matured....
This is what happens when you join one of top teams in the world. Your skill goes to the next level. These top programs breed another type of athlete that other programs try to but simply can't. Look at Navas at Real Madrid dude is down right one of the best goalkeepers in the world right now but I believe it's because of the program he's at, he wouldn't be at the level he is today if he wasn't at one of the top teams in the world 
I'm just waiting for someone to mention how annoying Streamable is. Maybe it's my internet speed/connection, but it takes two minutes of stop-starting for a gif of one goal to start playing and looping right through, so long ones like this are basically unwatchable. What I find strange is that Gyfcat gifs always work perfectly and I can stream any videos on YouTube, Alluc and so on with a minimal buffer wait, so why does this one gif website work so badly for me?
Neymar - doing it swiftly and with style
Still, one too many touches
It's because he got rid of that ridiculous hair cut. 
That flat, top-spin pass he does is devastating
It wasn't until I saw in this video he's looking more and more importantly, fully deserved You might want to jerk off somewhere more ehm... private.
he looks like Game of Death Bruce Lee in that all yellow kit
Never rated him. Guess that's why I'm not a scout I suppose. Barcelona either have amazing scouts or an amazing system of developing players, or both.
Somehow I'm also glad he cut his hair
Why the shit music? better than most YouTube dance versions, but why not use the commentary and crowd noises? 
So this is what happens when an elite skiller uses his talents to be a playmaker as well as a scorer
Seems like he started focusing more on the game and teamwork and less on his hair.
But he has still had an insane 2015 season, though.
What is this track? Can someone tell me who the artist is?
Awesome compilation.
Song name?
That was awesome
omfg what a god
That video is about 8 minutes too long.
Holy fuck that guy is good
Another great assists highlight that inadvertently makes the strikers look like shite.  
Ridiculous skill level. Pants have been dropped.
Its quite cool to see these world class guys only need 1-1.5 seconds to look and just know where to place the ball for a pass. Skills are unreal.
Fucking scary how 3 of the top 4 attackers play for Barca
barcelona have their next talisman sorted for years to come. neymar's speed of foot is amazing but also his decision making when it comes to releasing the ball is also spot on.
Neymar just shows how much progress he had made after he joined Barca. What also impressed me is his high EQ, given that he is still quite young.
learning from the best
What's the song?
He makes it look so easy. Imagine how good he'll be in a few years from now.
nice compilation
Mature Neymar is looking good. Not even his final form yet (bald). 
He seems to have adopted some of Messi's techniques while dribbling from deep from the sideline 
Does anyone know the song? it's hot
Stupid, sexy Neymar. 
Can't help but feel Neymar deserves the Ballon D'or! 
I wonder how many Ballon d'Or's he'll get once Ronaldo and Messi are out of contention 
Well, that's one of the worst soundtracks I've heard in a while.
Finally he cut is hair like a man. And he start playing like one
People are really forgetting what a 28 year old Messi is capable of compared to the rest of the world lol.

That said, Barca will be in good hands once Messi declines
As good as he may be, he's still not on Taxessi's level. 
It's the new haircut.
May be this is because of his new haircut.
Barcelona's attacking trident should be punishable by law. 
Its the haircut. 
If he hasn't done so already, he's just about to surpass Ronaldo and Messi as the greatest player on the planet.

His teamwork and ability to play incredibly well with others and not just as an individual are key to the above...and signing for Barca was key to it all.

Great player.
It must be the hair.
Please United do whatever you can to sign him in the Summer, forget about Ronaldo
2nd best player in the world behind Ronaldo, playing some great footballs out there. 
Ok. Show boating + slow as fuck football×proper shit defence = second best player on the planet.
Holy Shit, they buttfucked Real into another Dimension.
Although Guardiola is long gone his influence on the team is still very apparent. Barca still make passes that no other team even thinks of making. Passes they started making under Pep.
It's now sad to think Messi had to play for years with subpar players like Pedro and Alexis/Villa.
He's gonna get that Ballon d'Or instead of Messi.
Bale is better 
I can't believe people think Suarez is the worlds best striker with all those misses smh fam
Platini and Blatter are both lips of the same cunt
Platini is far more rotten than any other big figure in FIFA. He has hidden because the countries in UEFA have backed him strongly and deflected all negative attention to Blatter repeatedly. With Platini's fall hopefully some of the FA chiefs also resign for repeatedly backing this man
Interesting that it's Platini's lawyer that's revealing this rather than the ethics committee. They weren't going to publicly announce their recommended sanction until the final "sentence" in December.

I wonder what's the end game from Platini's side by going public, if there is any. Also, does that mean that they're recommending a lifetime ban for Blatter too? I can't imagine why they'd punish the guy who receives the bribe more harshly than the boss who gives it.
FIFA has to do something this drastic if they are to have any hope of regaining credibility. You have to cut of all of the Hydra's heads, not just one or two and then call it defeated. 
Quick, somebody call Adam Silver. 
I won't accept less than jail for both of them.
Could the FIFA please just ban everyone in it for life?
That would give me such a ragging justice clue. 
What a beautiful day!
Im ok with this only if they ban Blatter as well...
And to think he was expected to walk into the big job unchallenged... 

From the chosen one to the banned one
This is progress, but why isn't Blatter's name also on the table for a life ban? They both deserve it.
&gt; FIFA

&gt; Ethics
Chat shit, get banned.
Is it possible to ban him from life altogether?
This is character assassination.  Anyone thinking this is because FIFA's trying to reform is an idiot.  The same people that worship Blatter are still in FIFA, they're the same corrupt organization they were, and still will be for a while.

This is all about destroying Platini's credibility because when (not if but when) Platini finally reveals all the dirt he has on FIFA, they're going to claim "of course he says that, he's a terrible, dishonest person.  That's why we banned him!"


Isn't it a little bit strange to ban somebody for life while the investigation is still ongoing? 

I can get behind the suspension until everything is sorted out, but why take aburpt decisions now that can make you look foolish / more corrupt in the future?
Yeah, because Fifa "ethics committee" is not rotten at all.

This move is clearly a political one. Everything is done to prevent him from applying to the FIFA President Election.
The timing is ridiculous. They will decide if they suspend him like a month before the election. Maybe you could wait for real judges to do their job? 

I love Platini and the majority of his ideas regarding football, however if he is dirty he needs to go down. But please do it the right way. This so called ethics committee is a joke.  How can you expect these people that Platini wants to remove from FIFA to be independant? And they are the ones talking about conflict of interest? Rofl.
&gt; Fifa ethics

lol
Nothing in FIFA punishing them for breaking FIFA rules and deserve a ban without breaking any Swiss laws.
If I was owed that amount of money for some work, I wouldn't wait that long to ask for it!  They are only trying to cover their tracks, and looking more guilty for their efforts.
I hope they consult with the goal-line officials before making such a big decision.
We can only hope, what a rotten cunt
I can think they can still be banned.
Go ahead!
From my limited understanding of the bad side of the problem of course is that the torture has been cracking down on a lot of people there who will want Platini gone.
Good. All they need to do is ban Blatter for life too.
I really hope this happens to the smug shit
Platinic relationships are always trouble.
Yes please
Can we put the same ban on Blatter as well?
yes plz
FIFA Ethics Committee... where the fuck have these twats been up until now?!
Fifa ethics committee?

About as unbelievable a concept as a nazi jew love council.
The biggest thief of all ...
I don't like the man (pretentious douche) but I'm a bit tired of the circle jerk against him.. Was he found guilty of something yet (legally speaking)? If yes, Could someone send me a link to an article with details about what he did wrong? Genuine request.
L1+▲ is still overpowered
&gt; fifa

&gt; ethics

Pick one.
Ah yes, the Adam Silver way 
Yes please!
Them and like half the planet.
Blatter is taking him down with him.
Shutting the stable door after the horse has bolted.
Could you give me a link to an article or something with details about what he is accused of? A serious one will be much appreciated.
Fifa ethics committee?
I guess being a good player doesn't translate to being a good person lol

[deleted]
he needs to walk away quietly before we forget what he did on the pitch...
https://youtu.be/SdqMrgRi9dA
what a shame to see such a legendary player ruin his legacy like this :(
Never rated him anyway
Shits hitting the fan fellas (and the occasional lady who visits this sub)
Fifa ethics committee..... LOL 
Interesting that of the billions of dollars that FIFA deals with each year, it's this one little $1.3m payment that causes this to come crashing down.
Good. I'm sad because he is a Juve legend, but the way he has acted is shameful. 
"World bans all FIFA execs for life" 
I think the big thing here is that FIFA actually has an ethics committee... where the fuck have they been all this time??!
Because we all know FIFA is the gold standard in ethics.
Meaningless. 

Why is this at the top of the front page?

Are people in this sub really this naive?  
Newcastle United's new slogan: "We're the 'other team' in everyone else's' highlights reels!"
Leicester is top of the league as it stands, too. Holy shit.
Jamie Vardy. AGAIN. Equalling Ruud's record. The game to break it? Against Manchester United next week. Fitting.
what did he eat during the summer
http://imgur.com/zPW3wuV
[Alternate angles](https://streamable.com/qyua)
He's having a fucking party! Bring vodka and charlie

Does it look offside to anyone else?
At what point do we are we going to be fearful of this team?

Cause I am really scared.
He must be one of the most clinical finishers in the game right now. To put that in the near corner. Lewy or Suarez couldn't have done it better.
Chatty Chatty Bang Bang
Nutmegged the defender then fucking cunted that into the bottom corner. What a goal to do it
What is Madrid waiting for? 
newcastle must've been chattin shit 'cause they just got banged.
My God. That was a beautiful goal. Brilliant team play. 
http://imgur.com/a/9loPK
CHAT SHIT GET BANGED
for those saying offside

[looks to be in line with the defender in the middle to me](http://i.imgur.com/WJIL3g6.jpg)
To put Leicester at the top of the table too...
Absolutely lazy defending by Coloccini. 

But wonderful cut in and shot from Vardy. The guy is lightning quick and made a great run. 
BRING YA CHAMPAGNE AND YA CHARLIE !!!
Fantastic achievement. Jamie Vardy's having a party!
Jamie Vardy is avin' a party!
What unbelievable form we are in! Jamie Vardy the history maker and LCFC legend!
this makes me so happy 
Congrats to Vardy equalling Ruud's record. Next game - Man Utd.
He's getting annoyingly difficult to dislike 
We did it Reddit!
Jamie Vardy u wot u wot

Jamie Vardy's having a party
What a goal on top of that. Confidence is an amazing thing. 
Fuck me that was just so well played. He started the run and finished it, the finish was superb too, I don't think most people expected the near post shot. 
[deleted]
That was a great goal, will be interesting to see if he can sustain his form over the season.
alwaysratedhim.meme
CHAT SHIT GET BANGED
I'm more afraid of Jamie Vardy than I am of Sergio Aguero.
Football is so strange. Guy can go from being unknown to record holder in just a few months! What a fucking goal.
Was he off? Looked like he could be but the angle isn't great?
http://imgur.com/vALRiyw I think Mbemba (?) in the semi-circle is playing him onside
Where did all these great British strikers come from? Excited for Euros!
Yes! What a time to score too! Last few seconds of the first half!
Chat shit get banged
Apart from anything else, it's a lovely goal. Vardy is on fire.
HISTORYMAYKAAA!!! RAINMAYYYKAAAAAA!!!
Offside
So happy for the lad, fully deserves it at this point - unbelievable effort. I just wish he wasnt against United next week so he could get this record under his belt before going out to Vs Smaldini and his mini men. Best of luck to him though... fairy tale stuff
Great goal to equal the record too, hats off to him!
Nice finish, grats vardy.
Jesus, the man is in top form.
Oh yuss.
Congrats, great goal and great streak
Great movement and nice goal to tie the record ! Vardy looks like such a hungry player
Delighted for him
🐐🐐🐐
&gt;He's living the dream!

I'm sure he is, but my fantasy team is the main winner here.
Holy shit, his movement off the ball, his dribbling when on it...then that finish. His all round game seems perfect. 
That was fantastic all around
The weekly Vardy goal
10/10
Leicester City top of the table!!
those defenders look liked they weren't even trying
If you give me till summer i can sell him to Real Madrid for over 100mil
Edit: word
Amazing record!

Anyone know the record in other leagues?
what the fuck was that CB doin?he just jogging his way up there not realizing the threat?not taking credit from Vardy but surely something could be done better there on the defensive side
I came
Was he not clearly offside here? I didn't catch MoTD, not sure if they saw...
Give me one reason to not buy a Leicester jersey with the name of Vardy in it.
Alright Smalling, Blind, Jones, Young, Rojo, you can't allow Vardy to score...at all against us
Decent shot and well played but I'm not sure what sissoko was doing
He just can't stop.
His touch is so silky smooth, I just realized
I love the feeling that the entire footballing community regardless of club affiliation (I'm sure Liechester has some massive rival club that hates their guts) just wants this guy to break the record. It's rare to see this kind of backing for one player, it feels good.
Where does the "chat shit get banged" reference come from?
Fucking hell I should have put a bet on Leicester topping the league after so many rounds. I said before the first round to my friends that Leicester will win the league. Of course it was a joke, but they were playing fucking crazy towards the end of last season.
Offside, but the ref decided "Nah, just have it."
I'm not even mad. That's amazing.
Must be nice for him. Pretty big achievement playing for Leicester (don't get me wrong Leicester is a good team atm). Ranieri has done absolute wonders there.
We are literally watching history!! What a time!
comical defending
Definitely offside but a fantastic finish nonetheless. Looking forward to the rest of this match and next week vs. United. This guy just never stops working hard.
Looks like he's offside but still, nicely done to cut inside even though Sissoko should do a lot better
Only Aguero is better in the Premier League. England are so lucky to have him. He's on a great run, and his running is great.
With the angle they showed on replay it is very clear that he was offside. That being said, he was bound to score eventually whether this had been called correctly or not. 
congrats on breaking the record!
This year's Harry Kane.
Pretty sure that was offside..
Good finish, but Newcastles defending was awful, why did no one press the ball?
[deleted]
CHAT SHIT GET BANGED
And what a goal to do it in 
They say he is a legend...
Chat shit get banged
What a legend. So happy for him he deserves this success! 
Fuckin hell - if results hold - Leicester will be top of the league for about an hour
I don't know what the debate is about with the offside, from every angle that has been posted so far, he clearly in offside, it appears marginally onside, but even if they were perfectly in line it wouldn't be called offside. 
What a way to score for that record, though... 
did he match the record or break it?
Isn't that offside?
GOAT
Is Vardy a meme after this? 
This front three have broken football
Holy shit. These goals are insane!
Suarez is becoming legendary. One of the best strikers I can remember seeing in a long time. Not just goals but workrate, link up play, big game performances, off ball runs and assists. He has everything.
That body feint by Neymar was dirty. Beautiful finish too
I'm going to remember this period in my club's history for the rest of my life
HE's CUNTED IT
[AA](https://streamable.com/9q0a)
http://d31lhw9jl22o65.cloudfront.net/soundboards/rayhudson/03magesterial.mp3

I thought our front three were good last year, and I was impressed seeing Neymar and Suarez fill the void with Messi out, but this is just.... Literally *scary* good.
So much love of liverpool fans for Luisito 
hahahah oh my god suarez what are you fucking doing
HOW ABOUT SCORING NORMAL GOALS SO THAT I DONT HAVE TO SCREAM LIKE A LITTLE GIRL BECAUSE OF PURE JOY!
Suarez is literally Messi
That was fast OP.
Suarez is mixing up the all-time top posts on this sub.. off-ball movements, directing teammates, dummies, assists, and now a fucking cracker of a goal.

What's next? Dude's going to come up with something ridiculous next week


Can we just set up the Barca - Bayern final now?
Absolutely love Vermaelen's reaction
Dammit Suarez why you so good :(

I feel like Liverpool Suarez was only Super Saiyan 1 Suarez 
But could he do it on a cold rainy night against Norwich? 

Edit: Yes
HOLYSHIT. They have families... Stop, Barca.
thats some captain tsubasa shit right there
As I often say: fucking Suarez, man...
Can anyone argue that Barca's front three AREN'T the three best players in the world?
I honestly think Suarez is the best #9 at the moment. He's great with the ball and his runs off the ball are just as great.
Incredible technique
Best striker right now. No question
Fucking Suarez. What a hit, son!
Fucking love Suarez
This is cheating. It's too easy for them...
I can't believe he's done that.
I LOVE THIS MAN
He looks so uncoordinated ... then he punishes.

His trademark move is looking awkward. I love it.
Haha instant applause from vermalen in background
Too..fucking..good
That goal was more curved than Kate Upton.
"On the vollaaay!"
I can't believe he's done this.
Neymar also heard about no touch dribbling in fifa
Barcelona  are flying! What a volley son.
scary how good barcelona is, even compared to a top european side
Have my babies Luis.
Fuck me
El pistolero!
How is this not got more votes than the messi goal?
Best striker in the game right now. His confidence is absolutely insane
Strike from the gods. 
Lol at Vermaelen just clapping as the ball goes in
Barca players are turning this into a flair contest among themselves.
My God Neymar is fucking unreal right now. That was some Garrincha-esque stuff.
:(

Suarez come back pls
God I miss that bastard.
I love this man
I'm very glad Barca are back to dominating teams; the world feels right again.
miss you, buddy

My boner for Suarez has reached magisterial proportions. I can not wait for his return against Brazil!
Suarez and Neymar are ending the Messi-Ronaldo duopoly right before our eyes. Superb stuff.
I am never going to be able to express my gratitude for getting Suarez
What a volley!
Dam that was a quality goal! His off the ball movement is the best in the world!
It's a fantasy football for Barcelona.  What a brilliant volley goal. 
Holy shit Suarez OP

Pls nerf
Say what you will about Barcelona's history of attacking player combinations but these three are undoubtedly the best front line to grace the pitch at the Camp Nou.

They have the two best players in world in their prime and the third best player in the world yet to even enter his prime.

Incredible.
I remember getting downvoted in the Fifa subreddit for saying Suarez was better than Ibrahimovic in reply to a guy that said Ibra deserved to be rated higher.

Lol.

EDIT: Delusional Ibra fans ITT
How long until teams just start lining up with 11 defenders in the box?


They are so strong i'm indifferent to everything they do now.
Fuck!! you guys are fast.
The only thing I can say at a moment like this is wow.
This is what I would call "fuck your shit" goal. 
Roma really got shafted being the game right after el clasico. Barca are unstoppable
Pure class, only way to describe it.
Hopefully we will get to see a fully fit Barca vs Bayern match this season, these teams are incredible
So what now roma, what's the plan here.
Now they're just showing off
Can we just cut the other fluff matches and let Bayern and Barca play for the title
Vermaelen has the correct reaction.
&amp;#3232;_&amp;#3232;
This goal is extraterrestrial, the man can score the unthinkable. Pure freaking genius suarez.
I've upvoted a Luis Suarez post. I hate myself for loving this...
are you fuckin kidding

Florentino Perez: "Suarez is not that great"

Suarez: \*does this*
Barcelona are ok
[My Face When seeing the golazo.](http://i.imgur.com/n0CxVu5.jpg)
So Perez is Suarez still not a very good player?
Best striker with a beast of a strike.
Absolute rocket into the bottom corner, ridiculous volley.
Barca look incredible atm
FUCK THAT CURVE WAS BEAUTIFUL 
He's just too good. 
That perfect touch hnnnnnggg
The best team in the world.
This could probably get to the top of /r/all 
Jesus Christ!! that was so beautiful
Some tekkers are good!
Reminds me of Cantona's volley in the FA Cup final.
I came
Szczęsny must love playing against barca
his outside of the boot goals lately are on point
Cheeky nandos 
Clinical
Ok seriously what is this nonsense? Barca and Bayern are both scoring as if the universe has just intended for them to score. Whether it's beautiful or sloppy it's going in the net no matter what.
To the top of /r/all we gooo
10th goal in the last 6 games for him.
They way they are playing is absurd it is awesome.
this was so beautiful to watch that my shitty day is not that shit anymore even after 14 hours of work
Hahaha just what the fuck. How does that even work? Are we watching next years Fifa gameplay with enhanced graphics. This is insane. 
Thank you Manolas for ducking out of the way.
The kind of goal you dream about and practice once every blue moon to impress your mates, and now he's done it in an international stage. Rafinha's Revenge. 
that positioning tho
This is what happens when you give barça too much space.
How did he know it was gonna bounce to that spot....

This is basically just a Final Destination movie now and the goals are deaths, I'm interested to see how the next one plays out.
lmao who is the guy at the top just clapping once the ball goes in
Fuck
What a freaking goal. These goals are amazing today.
OMG......  
these lot don't do scrappy goals do they? 
Richard Scudamore (Premier League CEO): Premier League is better off without Luis Suarez
"Innovation that excites"

It's got a PS4 advert around the pitch. And that's fair. Because Neymar, Messi, and Suarez make it look like a god damn video game out there. 
I wish we stepped up and bought this guy, he's the best striker in the world..
How is anyone supposed to stop these 3
How about that feint by Neymar? Jesus
He looks like he's not even trying.  So nonchalant.
Icefrog please nerf
GET IN !
The 3rd goal has been a GOLAZO twice now. In El Clasico and now against the better team in their Champions League group. Absolutely stunning!
give the lad a cigar!
Jesus.
Can you imagine if he played on the same pitch as some the greats? Oh wait...
Not that it would have mattered, but two Roma players turned AWAY from the ball when Suarez kicked.

"I'm not getting paid enough to get hit by that ball..."
that is so easy for him:)
I think at this moment he's the best in the FA Cup final.
He's in the form of his life. To think people were writing him off after a slow start with Barca.
Thanks Gerrad!!! 

"is it Arsenal that you really want or do you want Real Madrid or Barca?"

How long until teams just start lining up with something ridiculous next week Absolutely love Vermaelen's reaction Incredible technique Even before the ball goes in Hopefully we will get to see how the next one plays out. lmao who is the better player.
He seems to move to a perfect position before the ball is even headed out to him. And I still don't know how that ball found its way through all of those bodies. Insane. 
I love Enrique's reaction at the Camp Nou.
I think Ray Hudson may have died somewhere between Messi's first and Suarez's second.
Incredible technique Even before the cross??? Jeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeez Pode pa Individual brilliance.
So happy to see him doing well. As much of an understatement as that is.
Just curious, outside of his punishment from his stupid act, did suarez ever get any major injury in his career?
I think at this moment he's the best footballing brain of all.
The only thing I can remember seeing in a long time.
And he is going to remember this period in my opinion.
Are Barcelona really better than Ibrahimovic in reply to a top european side That goal was more curved than Kate Upton.
Incredible technique Even before the ball movement is the better player.
Uncanny technique Can't emphasise how happy I am that he's no longer with the ball and his runs off the ball movement is the better player.
wooooo what a shot... breathless shot
I honestly can't believe it
what the hell are you guys feeding him???
man, I love watching Barcelona

It's a bold claim at the Camp Nou.
They understand each other well! Good luck to the defenders out there.
That Thomas Vermaelen golf clap though.
Barcelona is fucking unstoppable
How do you defend against this team?
Who on Earth can even stop this Barcelona front 3 in the form they're in?
Best fucking attack force in history
Must admit I didn't stay quiet when that went in.
oh my.
Barca chill the fuck out.
WHAT A STRIKE!
Falling over, and still does that. Incredible
Requesting a gif of Luis Enrique's reaction. 
Damn that ball was destined to go in
Beautiful goal
I screamed so loud
Luis "I only score worldies" Suarez
My God.
What did that ball ever do to him.
Fucking hell man
WHAT THE FUCK
J Christ, it's like a joke to him to score shit like that
I don't even know what to say anymore, that's an insane strike.
NainGGolan's had enough.
Hit it like a mathematician, at the right angle with single precision.
Audible "HOLY SHIT" was heard around my house and to my Xbox Live Party. Barca are on some other shit right now.
Wowwww just unbelievable to witness each goal as beautiful and stunning as the next tonight. This is what I dream of seeing from a striker... goooooooooooal
Such a typical Suarez goal - awkward and stumbly, but deadly
I love how Barcelona fans downvoted me to hell for saying they were fine without Messi with Suarez. Still feel that way guys?
http://gfycat.com/OffensiveDrearyAbalone
WHAT. A. HIT.
Outside of the boot, too! Hell of a volley. 
Fucking savage. Holy shit Luis!
I'm watching this by myself and I screamed like a little girl
What a belter of a strike
Except we can't beat Spurs.

Like ever.
Newcastle - Norwich was 6-2... sorry to be that guy
Leicester have still only lost once, and they went into the lead in that game, mad.
Should say "where anybody can beat Chelsea".
For La Liga (12 games played):

**Sporting** beat Malaga beat Deportivo beat Rayo beat Palmas beat Sociedad beat Sevilla beat Getafe beat Levante beat Villarreal beat Atletico beat Eibar beat Granada beat Bilbao beat Valencia beat Celta beat Barca beat Real beat Espanyol beat Betis beat **Sporting**.

There is nothing special about this specific cycle, there are 3657 such cycles for La Liga. Havent written code for EPL.

You can find the code here :

http://pastebin.com/QdRvfwRv

You will need to modify the arrays if you want it to work for the different leagues.


**EDIT**:

Coded it for EPL

There are 144 such chains for EPL.

A different example for EPL:

Bournemouth beat West-Ham beat Newcastle beat Norwich beat Swansea beat United beat Tottenham beat Sunderland beat Crystal Palace beat Liverpool beat City beat Everton beat West-Brom beat Arsenal beat Leicester beat Watford beat Stoke beat Southampton beat Chelsea beat Aston-Villa beat Bournemouth

For what it's worth, here's the version with the corrected scores:
http://imgur.com/JzpajZe

Edit: Correcterer scores...

Get ready for the Sport bible to steal this without credit... 
We only lost 2-0 to City not 3.
I remember this was the case during the 13/14 season as well and it turned into a very good season entertainment-wise, so hopefully it's the same here.
we only lost 3-1 to Southampton
It feels good that we only fit in this because of a very unfortunate own goal.
Literally a cicrlejerk
wouldn't you be able to do this in any league with no undefeated teams
I feel like "The Circle of Life" should be playing in the background. There's even a lion with a crown on its head.... 
BPL is the most entertaining league. Great density at the top, great international players, and teams with lots of tradition still being at the top. Downsides are the atmosphere in the stadium, and the lack of homegrown talent. 

EDIT: for some reason I like Stoke.
The whole "anybody can beat anybody" thing is true of every league in the world and I still don't understand why people only ever say it about the Premier League like they're unique or something. Even in supposed "one/two horse race" leagues like La Liga, the juggernaut teams almost always lose a couple of games a season to teams they shouldn't be losing to.
I remember that one time Villa won a match. What a day...
Well technically, it's after 106 games played.
Can someone make one of these for the 03-04 season? 
Football Feed on facebook have nicked your post
How does one read this? 
Any particular reason why you made the scores on the bottom half as if they were away wins?    
I am not moaning about it, just found it very confusing.
I'm glad we could do our part with our one win against Bournemouth... ^^^:'(
I'll believe that when we beat Palace.
A Condorcet circle. The cool thing about Condorcet circles is that you can delete all of the results from all of the matches involved in the circle and get the same rankings.

The thing is, though, that this is probably not the only Condorcet circle in the EPL this season.
https://twitter.com/SoccerAM/status/669613679013400576

Looks like SoccerAM have reposted this without giving credit.
Question is who'll be in the center of the bukakke circle at season's end
"Where anybody can beat anybody."
Except Villa.
Villa can only beat Bournemouth.
Spurs were an own goal away on opening day from ruining this
Congrats on finding a way for this to work. Villa's one win couldn't have made it easy. 
Plus imagine barca, bayern or madrid in the prem this season Kyle Walker Always rated him.
Look at how much we suck, look at our top teams failing week in week out! That must mean the league is more competitive. /s
this is really cool
Fuckin hell norwich scored 2 goals against newcastle, amazing up front. Just the back was the problem.
Awfully kind of Villa to only win one game this year to give our content creators somewhere to start.
I, too, have no fucking idea how to read this.
Giggled at Liverpool beating Stoke 1-0, thinking about last year and all.
Do this for the 2003/04 season :).
urgh probably the only team to lose to sunderland. Most depressing night this season :(
I will see if I can come up with scores this time haha Ah!
If you told me it'd be November and we only have 1 loss I'd tell you to pinch me.
NFL still doesn't have a circle of parity, suck it!^(disclaimer am NFL fan also)
And it almost never happened.

*sob*
We can beat one team.
Shouldn't be too hard to do a circle if that were the case.
Make one for the Bundesliga lol
ITT: Middle finger gifs
Cool now make one for France, Spain and Germany!  ;)
You give Footy Accumulators/Soccer AM permission to use this /u/Al_Gala https://i.gyazo.com/7b58ac810d2ef5c823ff8d80bb1fcd19.png
EPL 15-16, where anyone can beat Chelsea
"After only 13 games played"

I'm shite at maths... what's the lowest possible number of games where a circle of parity could be formed? Two?
Now if they'd just have less parity in the Champions League
Example circles for La Liga.
We won a game this season?
The EPL is the most overrated league in the world. Is it good? Sure. Is it the best? No. 
Your infographics are second to none matey ;-D
Can someone explain to me what im looking at, i dont quite seam to grasp it.
we win!
did you use some kind of algorithm to do this or was it just manually going through game by game?
How much does this prove the competitiveness of the EPL?

Is this a diagram that cannot be done in other European leagues?
Ok I'm having a little trouble understanding this graphic.  How do I tell which two teams the scores apply to?
I found this mildly confusing.
It should be noted that we only lost to City 2-0. That goal is *very* important to us. /s
Is there a way you could do it that shows us beating Liverpool and Liverpool violating City?
Best league in the world
Must have been pretty easy to choose for us. 

Only loss was Man U
wish it were like this in the bundesliga
What's the direction we should be looking at?
Where does this start?
Makes it more interesting, no?
What is this
Wow even Leicester were beaten...
Does Man U really count as being on top of Spurs? Technically Spurs beat Spurs. 
The fuck does this mean?
I found this mildly confusing. this is probably not the only team to lose to sunderland.
Best league in the world.
Barca will win La Liga with like 10 points or more lead.

Bayern, too.

PSG with 100 points lead.

Ajax might, too.

The Championships might be really friggin´ boring this year.
OP can't even get H/A AND Scores Correct:

Starting at 12 o'clock:

- **Stoke** 0-1 Liverpool
- **Southampton** 0-1 Stoke
- Southampton **3-1** Swansea
- Swansea 2-1 Man United
- Man United 1-0 Tottenham
- **Tottenham** 4-1 Man City
- Everton **0-2** Man City
- West Brom 2-3 Everton
- **West Brom** 2-1 Arsenal
- Leicester 2-5 Arsenal
- **Leicester** 2-1 Watford
- Newcastle 1-2 Watford
- **Newcastle 6-2** Norwich
- Sunderland 1-3 Norwich
- Crystal Palace 0-1 Sunderland
- **Chelsea** 1-2 Crystal Palace
- Chelsea 2-0 Aston Villa
- **Bournemouth** 0-1 Aston Villa
- **West Ham** 3-4 Bournemouth
- **Liverpool** 0-3 West Ham
Why did you put EPL when it's called the **B**arclays **P**remier **L**eague?
To be fair, that's pretty incredible. Just goes to show how even the EPL can be at times. Certainly no two-horse race here! I'm looking at you Bundesliga! ;)
I wanna know who figured this shit out
I prefer to watch other leagues besides EPL but it's hard to argue that EPL isn't the one with most parity. 
This comment thread is great 
Best league in the world, and there isn't even a close second
Best league in the world
Reminds me of Eto'o: https://youtu.be/lEhONxEOy68
Was that David Silva with the assist? Remember the time Valencia had Silva, Villa AND Mata in their team? Villa was a  
 Too much nostalgia. Cant take it :(
[this one](https://streamable.com/hyko) from Suarez against PSG is one of my favorites
He could [shoot](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OF3d2l64TJA)
[I like this one better =)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xO-azd4ZwVc)
How's he doing in the mls?
David Villa in his prime was the best striker in the world. Him and Torres upfront for Spain was scary. 
I like [Del Piero's]( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ehbfgISDEU&amp;feature=youtube_gdata_player).better. 
David Villa will be one of those players whose legacy won't escape the current generation; as in, he won't be often spoken about as a past great. Which is sad because he was one of the better forwards between 2009-2012.
[Reminded me of Pires' goal](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JHwsTWm_27o)
Ah, that Silva to Villa connection, miss it so much.
Wow good post op. sometimes browsing new pays off
Such a joy to watch in his prime. 
Fucking loved David Villa, amazing player.
Pires scored a goal like this but from much furthur out, anyone remember it? 
Man I fucking love El Guaje. One of the best forwards to watch during the last decade
Such a perfect camera angle for this beauty.
The one from [Cruijff](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rx6Ruc2_ndo&amp;t=131) will always be my favourite.
Hnnnng so good. 
A r/soccer thread where we circlejerk about how awesome Villa was is all I've ever wanted 
Such a stupid goal keeper, why would he come out when Villa is on the left side with two defenders running back. Wide open goal
Villa at his peak was such an awesome player, and with an awesome positive, determined attitude as well. It was impossible to dislike him. 
...What the fuck was that? Simply Amazing. 
beautiful pass
My favorite player of all time. Watching him at Barcelona was honestly the best thing ever. 
Take a lesson from it [Cavani](https://streamable.com/vn0r).
[Rory Donnelly v Linfield](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ih09AzzHlrc)
Reminds me of the Pires one that is about twice as good.
That's incredible...
Honestly, I feel every top level striker should put that away. Keeper mistake by being so far out. 
that was a really good team, if they had the financial situation they have now they would have been able to retain all of their players except for jordi alba 
Amazing. I love this whole thread
[This one from Suker](http://gfycat.com/IcyIndolentGoa) is still my favourite
Nice finish, but the keeper should not have come out. He got caught in no man's land.
Theo Walcott had an almost identical goal four or five years ago - does anyone remember it? It was in the Champions League, I *think* against a Turkish side?
Back when Valencia had Villa, Silva and Mata. Good times.
I think the brazillian Ronaldo was the best I've ever seen at one-on ones, [my favorite of his](https://youtu.be/iD79fiYkPdI?t=1m43s), I'd recommend watching the whole video tho
Bloody brilliant.
Silva? Wasnt that Aimar's asisst?
That looked so bloody awesome.
beautiful finish, but keeper seemed overzealous. anybody else think he should stayed in net?
I don't ever think I've seen a shot hit off the bar and out but still go in because of backspin like that. Incredible goal.
Class
Prime David Villa was unbelievable.
I like how it looks like it's curling into the top corner... then it bounces before going in...
Love him.
I like this genre of goal, for e.g. [Ariel Ortega's goal](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X4vH08IIFh4&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=4m08s)
Henry and Del Piero would like to have a word with him.
If one of my players scored this goal in Football Manager I'd roll my eyes because I'd think it's unrealistic.
Sumptuous as fuck
So many great goals in this thread, thanks guys.
Didn't he score the same against Chile in South Africa?
for me, I will always remember david villa on his goal against Chile in 2010 WC
HOW???
Arshavin had some better ones back in his Zenit days [http://youtu.be/IIRxxurh0xg]
Can there be a best finish? A goals a goal and this was a simple finish
One of the best through balls I've ever seen
Dat Unai Emery
Was that Aimar with the pass
Maybe there is something that I'm not seeing, but considering the way the keeper rushed out and the position that Villa received the pass, I thought it was a pretty standard finish for a player of his quality.

Edit: The keeper made it easy for him to score.
My vote goes for the goal that Lanzini just scored.
There is one where he is one-on-one with the goalkeeper and finishes with the outside of his foot as his first touch. Can't remember if it is for club or country. Anyone know what I'm talking about?
Villa doesn't get talked about too much but when history looks back he will be lauded as Spanish legend. This guy was such a beast and made so many incredible goals. Champions, International/World Cup, Domestic Liga. I know he was in a decline since his Barcelona injury, but I think he should have played as a starter for Spain. I'm so glad they included his heel goal vs Australia in the top 10 World Cup Brasil list. He is a hot head but also so passionate, practically in tears because he knew it would be his last time scoring for Spain in a World Cup. That's El Guaje.
Wow, what a fucking amazing goal!
Villa was my childhood idol and role model when I started playing. El Guaje will always occupy a space in my memory and heart
[Matt le Tissier also had some insane finishers](https://youtu.be/WVEcbvrxHQ0?t=1m)
NYCFC legend.
Nihat's finesse shot into the top corner to put Turkey in the quarter finals of Euro 2008 also deserves a shout:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f_3t6wv-KOE

Alternate Angles: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-prtIync7fU#t=52s
Great player. 2010 World Cup was his.
El Guaje !
Yeah that's a nice finish. I also like this one http://youtu.be/AasRVb_7TVA from Luis Figo against Schmeichel.
The finish isn't as good but it's one of my fave 1on1s because of the dummy he sells him.
This goal reminds of the one Asprilla scored against Argentina when Colombia beat them 5-0 in Buenos Aires.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wYIh6yLas4o

[Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain vs Monaco](https://youtu.be/fFvXCEzWSso?t=1m11s)
I sometimes forget that him, David Silva, and Juan Mata all played for Valencia at one point... what a solid outfit that was
Reminds me of [this](https://youtu.be/klPJMKIAMAE?t=10s) goal. 
[I liked this one by Villa better](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zLpTKRa2vBIhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zLpTKRa2vBI). 

This goal contributed to Mourinho losing his shit and unfortunately sticking a finger in Tito Villanova's eye.
Larsson v Rangers. 6-2 game.
Dope curl - http://youtu.be/bVF59IvoiRc
Getting Villa on that low minimum fee release cause on FM2010 was the smartest business I've ever done. 
Are you fucking serious? This is easy.
I don't know how long I was watching that loop for but I don't remember my name anymore. All I know is that was beautiful and I'm going to watch it some more. 
For guys my age (mid-30s) this style of finish - where the attacking player opens his body up and curls it into the far corner - will forever be known as either [The Asprilla](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GEoxKTLjgTI) or [The Caniggia](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LPwc2IoEtYU)

Of course for all the Premier League aficionados, [THIS](https://youtu.be/zepuqNyOp3g?t=61) would also be classed as "an Asprilla" 
&gt; one of the best 1-on-1 finishes I've ever seen!

You should try to watch football more instead of random youtube vids. But can't blame you ofcourse if you are only a child with no experience.
Props to the fans, that stadium was rocking
JABULANI LIVES!!!!!
[My explanation](http://replygif.net/i/144.gif) 
Has anyone noticed that the video's title is "Asprilla fucker vs Dallas"?
To score a goal like that, at home in the playoffs, it must be an incredible feeling!
What a goal! And huge win (especially by 2 goals) for the team! PTFC
The title in the link is better, Asprilla fucker vs Dallas. And holy shit that was a fucker.
ok this nice
How's he done that??
What a fucking strike.
the way that ball moves is insane 
Holy moly this is unreal.

And it looks pretty effortless for such a strike.

The poor keeper though...he looked so dejected.

Stupid question but does this guy have any relations with the legend Asprilla?
Timbers are peaking at exactly the right time.
Unreal movement of the ball. Looks like it was deflected when it wasn't
Damn. can a portland fan tell me if he's your best player or consistent or how he's performed in general?
Great time to score a fucking goal like that
I can't believe he's done this 
yooo i love when my colombians put in work!! 
Tasty strike. Also - MLS stadiums are getting really full on the regular. This is great.
Sexy goal. First name not Faustino. 7/10
That third angle oh my god
fuck
I don't know how the ref didn't call that foul. But I am so happy he didn't 
something's gotta be up with the MLS ball how the fuck do they score so many goals like this

EDIT: Im getting downvoted but I made my comment out of admiration 
Do you have the call in Spanish? It's pretty good too.
Beginning of the season me and my mates decided to get into the MLS and we all picked a team. I picked Portland Timbers, mostly because of the guy who runs out with a Chainsaw.

We lost interest pretty quickly but its still good to see a team I 'sort of' follow actually do well. 


out of all the teams my mates picked, mine have lasted the longest in the playoffs. If they win the final I get a load of beer 
I was in the corner he celebrated!! That cunt of a shot cost me about $6 in beer. Never seen a goal like that in the flesh.
There gonna win it all aint they? We've failed. 
can't watch this enough. WE'RE GOING TO WIN THE LEAGUE! DRUNK AS SHIT AND I FORESEE IT!
That is one where you can just say, "Wow" out loud after the highlight is over. Beautiful.
absolutely brilliant goal...kinda reminded me of the goal that Landon Donovan scored against New England in 2009, although that one was a volley! [Landon Donovan goal vs. New England] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=azhnbUh3tN8)
I couldn't even believe this happened. We HAVE to be the team of destiny now
i like how these commentators don't over exaggerate as much as standard american commentators....i could probably watch a game without muting these 2. 
In England they say he thundercunted it, in America they say he's gone and fucked it
That was wonderful to watch live. Didn't expect this game at all
I laughed, I cried, I fucking loved it. Go timbers!!!
[deleted]
It's like he threw a discus.
¡Que puta madre!
This put me in such a good mood.
Holy shit! I hope someone playing wasn't colorblind, because all the kits (well, except the goal keepers) look the same to me.
has to be in the nomination for goal of the year cmon
Was. Not expecting that to go in based on the way the keeper moved
What a fucking rocket.
that was dirty
:(
Wicked movement, twerking!
Better at scoring than dancing 
sexy curve
Did anyone notice on the initial downfield pass there was a foul.  The ref played advantage and we couldn't figure out why because Dallas won the ball immediately.

Then they gave it back to Asprilla and here we went!
Very nice curve on that shot, high quality goal.
LETS GO TIMBERS!
Reminds me of Vargas goal vs Peru. Very nice similar goals
For a second there I thought Faustino had come out of retirement
I like how the second it goes in, the FIFA ad shows the words "Play beautiful" in the background. 
Great shot, but wtf was the defender doing? He kicked it in front of him like some idiot, then horrible clearing attempt. I mean... come on mate.
Gotta love the name of the video in Streamable: "Aspirilla fucker vs Dallas"
Bend It Like Asprilla

The movement on that ball was insane. 
what a shot..... amazing shoot..
What a fucking belter
For a moment, i thought the Faustino Asprilla i knew was still playing soccer... i googled and found its Dairon Asprilla.
Any relation to Faustino?
That goalkeeper is younger than Donnarumma.
I thought this was Tino Asprilla for a minute.....
A true fucker
dat "uhh" hahahah
Tino?!?
I love the emotion of the commentator and crowd, quite impressed Yanks...
Anybody remember Faustino Asprilla?
That was fucking loud... feel like in a German home match or something.  
Say what you will about MLS but that stadium was buzzing, quite the opposite at Southampton this weekend.
How is US soccer doing? Crowd seems to be very enthusiastic, and apparently full stadium. 
Amazing shot but I fail to see how this is a "screamer."
As much as I hate Portland, being from Seattle... oh shit. Dayum.
ohh myyyyyyyy
Zack Lloyd is a useless piece of shit. 
Even as an American, I really do dislike the MLS commentary. Granted some of the others can be a bit cringey at times, but the MLS seems to be one of the worst. 
lol US soccer commentators suck. 
Great shot, but crappy defending.
[deleted]
Lol "screamer" and the commentators go quiet when he scores smh... English commentary is so bad for soccer games
inb4 shitty mls goalie and defense
Why is he telling that other guy not to celebrate with him?

Seems kinda douchey
dele alli v2.0
"You mean Phil?"

"No Gary"

"Really?"

"Yes"
Well this came out of fucking nowhere
R.I.P Monday Night Football. 
Damn, no more Neville punditry for the rest of the season. I'm really happy for him though, let's see how he fairs as a real manager.
hmm.. wonder what are Valencia fans thoughts on this?
That is interesting.
What about Phil?
Never thought Gary would have to rely on Phil to get him his first job as a manager.
Well now, i did not see that coming...
It's official: http://en.valenciacf.com/ver/47728/vcf-official-statement.html

&gt;Valencia CF have today appointed Gary Neville as Head Coach until the end the season.

&gt;He will officially take charge of the first team on Sunday 6 December ahead of the UEFA Champions League match against Lyon at Mestalla on Wednesday 9 December.

&gt;Valencia CF President Layhoon Chan said: “We are delighted to have secured Gary so quickly: “He combines top level coaching experience through his role as a senior coach with the England national team and a world-class playing career with England and Manchester United”.
I'm going to be watching all of Valencia's games for the rest of the season then. If Gary does well he could compete with Giggsy for the United job.
Does he even speak Spanish? I know his brother is learning it while he's there.
And so begins a daily thread making trend of [Valencia fans, how is Neville doing as manager?]
Brendan Rodgers is scratching his head, I mean he's a really good fit for a club like that. Plus I know from his Liverpool days that he speaks Spanish really well so transitioning to La Liga shouldn't be such a shock to him as it would other managers. 
I saw sky say they would have breaking news at 11:59.
"Scheduled breaking news? Must be bollocks" I thought.


But nah, fairly surprised at that, so I am.
this is straight out of Football Manager. Weird.
Barcelona at the weekend I would take over after that one if I were you Gary.
Imagine if an english club did what valencia did and appointed an inexperienced foreign guy who happens to be mates with the owner.
Just FYI about people mentioning Phil, he doesn't have the required badges and won't have them until May to become Head Coach/Manager. So he literally couldn't do the job regardless, so I assume he's happy he now gets to work with Gary as Head Coach.
I'm so excited about this. Gary seems so tactically aware in all his MNF stuff.
However, Phil must get so fucked off with his brother one-upping him all the time.
The fuck. [This man](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CVOAyXNWEAAQusY.jpg), they must be subbed to /r/nevillepunditry
If he ends up being a shit manager, his punditry will be affected by that too. If he loses often then anything he says tactics-wise will be scrutinised a lot more than currently, and people won't simply take it as gospel as is the current situation. It could actually damage his punditry career a little bit imo.
Can't wait to see all the English players linked to Valencia in January!
Wonder how this will impact his coaching role in England
Only thing that could make this news better would have been if he appointed Carra as his assistant.
I can really see him being a great manager as he has a great understanding of the game. Disappointing not seeing him on MNF anymore as well.
WTF? 
What a time to be alive
Touch of the Millibands in this
Didn't see this coming. Hope he does well, would love Gary to manage England some day if he turns out to be a good manager. 
I feel bad for Valencia fans that they've had this group infest their club. Very suspect this whole Lim/Class of 92 cabal. 
What the fuck!? That was unexpected!
Listening to the Guardian football podcast yesterday and they were joking about the **Phil** Neville apointment reported earlier this week:

 "Are you sure we have he right Neville?"

I guess they must have double checked...
MNF :(

@sportingintel on Twitter: ["Valencia of course owned by Peter Lim, billionaire who, along with 5 former Man Utd millionaires, owns Salford, so already G Nev biz partner"](https://twitter.com/sportingintel/status/672023233718276096?lang=en)
Raise your hand if you saw this one coming... 

Don't worry about MNF, he'll be back by February.
So as a yank I recently learned what MNF in the UK is and saw a few of the more recent shows and I was very impressed with Neville and really liked listening to what he had to say and I was looking forward to hearing more from him in the future aaaaaaaaand it's gone
Interesting, shame he won't be doing punditry anymore or be on MNF
I hope he brings a lot of his tactical analysis over from Sky and successfully puts it into management. 
Hopefully he does well there, it's clear he has a wealth of knowledge on football. Let's just see if he can apply it to the real world.
Gareth Seddon to Valencia in Jan... Watch this space!
In a recent interview Gary said he was at a crossroads between choosing business (I think tv punditry is included here) or coaching, his face illuminated when he mentioned coaching so I knew he'd eventually go that direction, good for him since that's what makes him happy, pity for us, his analysis of games are the best I've seen anywhere.
Poor Phil. Gets promoted to caretaker manager, next day his brother who has very little club coaching experience, is made his boss.
Fuck me with a chainsaw! Fuck Lim!
Phil is still the assistant manager at Valencia, should be interesting to see how the rest of their season pans out. 
Would be nice if he can bring Valencia to the early 2000 level
Good move for him, infinitely better place to start your career than a Sunderland / Villa relegation scrap. He's a smart guy with some coaching experience already, hope he goes on to be a great manager.

Interesting to see the relatively warm reaction to this appointment - this would not have been the case two years ago. It's a shame that he had to do telly gigs to win over the English public. Were it not for his good Sky punditry the reaction to this news would doubtless be ridicule and hatred.

Wow, that's out of the blue. This is going to be very interesting indeed. He certainly talks a big game on the TV, it'll be interesting to see how he gets his ideas across to his players and if his team makes the sort of mistakes he always likes to pull up on MNF. Brave move for him, hope it goes well.
Can't wait to see how he gets on, has all the attributes to be a cracking manager. 
Michael Owen sitting in the corner rubbing his hands together now
Going abroad to start a managerial career is a bold move, especially for an English manager. Good to see I say!
That's a huge first job for a new manager.
Manchester United v Valencia in Champions league last 16!
Interesting and very bold appointment [His articles in the telegraph] (http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/tottenham-hotspur/12020485/Mauricio-Pochettino-is-my-favourite-Premier-League-coach-he-has-transformed-Tottenham-Hotspur.html) was very interesting seems to give some kind of indication as to what type of manager he'll be, looks like he'll try to give youth a chance and play attacking football.

Really great seeing more British managers going abroad
Probably has something to do with the fact that the Valencia owner is also the owner of Salford FC along with the Nevilles and their Manchester United mates.
Phil "Jamie Murray" Neville. 
Saw this on the Sky News ticker and assumed it was meant to say Phil. Nice to be shocked by some non terrorist news for once.
Sky Sports punditry just got a whole lot shitter
Adding to more about Peter Lim.

Owns Valencia (70%) and Salford City (50%). Previous attempted bids for Liverpool, Rangers and Middlesbrough (among others). **Owns and controls Cristiano Ronaldo’s image rights** And as if this wasn't enough, the guy is besties with none other than Jorge Mendes. Below is an excerpt from a Eyrosport article

&gt;It was Mendes who originally proposed the Valencia investment to Lim, when the club were in the direst of straits and needed rescuing, and the club’s transfer policy since the takeover has led some to suggest Mendes works with Lim to prioritise the profitable purchase and sale of their clients, rather than the team’s results."
Great to see G Nev make the leap to managing. His punditry and tactical knowledge is fantastic, let's see if it relates to being a head coach.
Got to feel for Phil, always in his Brothers shadow.
It's a shame that he's leaving punditry, MNF was so good with him. Still, best of luck to him.
Thank you OP for not using the word "BREAKING". You're a fucking champ. If I can ever buy you a beer, I will, I promise.
I didn't realize Valencia was sponsored by batman. 
No more Neville on MNF, I suppose we are just going to have to get used to Thierry Henry 
I'm really looking forward to seeing how he does as a manager but I'm also devastated that we've lost one of the best pundits and commentators we've had in football for absolute donkeys.
The Neville-Carragher ship has crashed :c
Is head coach same as a manager  in England? ?
God dammit, now we have to listen to Jamie Carragher and Thierry Henry talk shit about football on their own 
what?! why would you even consider this?!
wtf is it with spanish clubs hiring inexperienced or ineffective british coaches?
[**@SkySportsNewsHQ**](https://twitter.com/SkySportsNewsHQ):
&gt;[2015-12-02 11:59:14 UTC](https://twitter.com/SkySportsNewsHQ/status/672022208420716544)

&gt;BREAKING: Gary Neville has been appointed as Head Coach of Valencia until the end of the season.
&gt;
&gt;More on [#SSNHQ](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23SSNHQ) [*pic.twitter.com*](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/CVN_1bsWoAAtxxB.jpg) [^[Imgur]](http://i.imgur.com/NXfzwR6.jpg)

----

[^[Mistake?]](/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&amp;subject=Error%20Report&amp;message=/3v4sho%0A%0APlease leave above link unaltered.)
[^[Suggestion]](/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&amp;subject=Suggestion)
[^[FAQ]](/r/TweetPoster/comments/13relk/)
[^[Code]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster)
[^[Issues]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster/issues)

Monday Night Football in Spain is about to get very, very good. Who is Spain's Jamie Carragher?
Was not expecting this. Very interesting signing. I reckon he could do a good job
Didnt see that coming...
Interesting. Can't wait to see how he performs. Analyises the game excellently, so it'll be great to see if he can implement it into a managerial role. 
I thought Phil had been appointed caretaker there?
WTF

Coooooool
What the fuck? Gonna miss him on MNF.
Who's gonna be on Monday night football then?
Disappointing that he won't be on Sky anymore but I wish him the best 
Interesting appointment. His punditry is pretty good, though he was also part of the England World Cup campaign
Cant wait to see how he gets on, all the potential to be a top top manager but will it work out for him? Time will tell....
Monday Night Football will never be as informative without him.
Fair play to Gary for agreeing to it. He could have stayed in England and walked straight into quite a few jobs or even just carry on with his Salford duties and MNF duties. Instead to he chose to go out of the country and out of his comfort zone.

Personally I'd have liked to see him stay in England but I'm so happy that he's finally become a manager. I'd like to think that he'll have more resources and trust at Valencia given his association with Lim. 

Overall, I'm happy.
Stunned me at first but I guess it kinda makes sense.

Valencia are underachieving – realistically he can't do much worse than Nuno, or any lasting damage to his career. He's not going to take them down, and if they start and finish mid-table, that's no massive discredit to him.
Gets foreign coaching experience, and in the CL. Excellent news for hopefully a future England manager (if it goes well).
That's the most shocking news I've heard in a few weeks
Phil's still spending his life wanting to be Gary.
what an odd match....but holy fuck I cannot wait to see what he does with them! Very exciting news !
This is going to be interesting
I can't wait to hear the Neville brothers speaking to each other in the Spancunian. 
Poor Phil, didn't even get a one game as their interim head coach. Excited to see how's Gary going to do as a manager, but I wonder what Valencia fans think about it? I doubt Lim's mate was their first choice.
They're gonna replace Neville with Jamie Redknapp on MNF and there's nothing we can do about it.
Wow. Okay.
Good luck to him. 
Peter lim knows him from salford city could be a very good appointment if he can translate his obvious knowledge onto a squad as well as obviously mastering the language etc.
Wow. Crazy. I always pictured him as having a huge role with us a couple years from now. Still, I guess this is the litmus test that could see if he can handle a big club.
Not quite Fulham are they?
IT'S A FOOTBALL MANAGER CHRISTMAS MIRACLE!
RIP MNF
Valencia's president watch Monday night football every week?
There goes Monday Night Football.
Uh what 
wut 
Extraordinary 
This makes me really excited. Sad to see him leave Sky, but I think he can do great in Spain alongside Phil.

Also, this makes me wonder if he can be a possible head coach for us in 2017? By then I reckon him and Giggs would both have "enough" experience to manage the team together.
Oh that's pretty darn sad, I loved him as a co-commentator and his analysis had been quite on point.

I'll also miss his goal orgasm. https://youtu.be/ReK1waJFhLI
Uno, dos, tres, quatro times.
Baptism of fire for Neville. Suspect that the contract is only till the end of the season so that he can take the England job if it comes up after the Euros.
Peter Lim seems to love Manchester United
Does he have his badges?
I find it hard to believe Mendes doesn't have some underlying motive to wanting Gary. Forget Lim and his support of Utd, Mendes is his business partner and would certainly have a large say in this hire. I just don't know what that motive could be. Money-related I'm sure.
What the actual fuck.
Well....that's interesting

Wot
The Neville brothers, showing us how it's done
The owner is the bloke they partially own Salford with. All feels a bit odd, but only time will tell I suppose. 
i reckon he'll go onto be a great manager, will miss his punditry and banter
Wow. Shame about MNF, but pretty exciting development tbh. Can't wait to see how he does!
Well, that was certainly uncalled for. 
But ..but the Gary neville podcast :(
Wait that Neville? Well that is so out of the blue.
Phil Neville, always living in his brother's shadow. 
[UNBELIEVABLEEEEEE](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iSdHnELY6e8)
Well this is interesting. His punditry reputation will take a hit if he shits the bed. That said I'd imagine he might become more forgiving having been a boss. Not sure if that's what viewers want mind... 
Last time i've seen a TV sports commenter lauded as one of the best technical/tactical analysts take up a managerial position without much previous experience it was a fucking trainwreck. Carlos Azenha was considered brilliant on paper but his results on the field were beyond embarrassing. Trained a couple of clubs with dismal results, disappeared and earlier this year was hired by a portuguese 2nd league team whose president wasn't happy that they weren't topping the league so he fired the manager and hired Azenha because they had history before. 2 months later and instead of fighting for promotion they were on the bottom part of the table and Azenha was out. Let's see if he finally learned he isn't fit to be a manager. About Neville, i think it's an odd decision and as Azenha showed, it's entirely different to comment and to really be in there doing the things you talk about on your TV show. Let's see how it goes. 
This is the first time in many many years that a BREAKING NEWS headline has actually been a breaking news.
Wow...he had such a good pulpit as a pundit, but clearly a lover of the game and a competitor. Needs something else. Best of luck, Gary.
If Niall Quinn steps in for MNF analysis im throwing myself through a window
Was only a matter of time before best Neville displaced mediocre Neville. 
Valencia fans, do you reckon Matt Ryan is still going to be the starting keeper?
Oh boy, this gonna be interesting. All the best to Gary Neville
I wish I was part of the squad just to keep hearing his analysis.... Hope he does well!
Very first game against Barca too. I think he will do well.. 
/r/nottheonion
Okay. 
I mean I guess it kinda makes sense for both parties. 


Valencia need time to find a new manager and Neville will get experience in a top club.  A short experience though, unless Neville does something extraordinary with Valencia I can see them replacing him as soon as a more experienced manager becomes available.  
A big club hiring someone with no experience? Why?
Does it mean he has taken a break from sky sports or has he left properly. 
So is it going to go LVG then Pep then Neville at the helm for United?
He'll be fine after a few spanish lessons from Moyes
You mean Phil?
What the actual fuck?
Well this is certainly out of the blue. Can't imagine anyone ever had the Neville brothers down as a coaching dream team, but it's a massive job to take on for your first appointment, particularly as it involves him moving to a new country.

No idea what to expect from Gary Neville as a manager, it's going to be very interesting to see how it goes.
His first game is against Barca? holy shit hes gonna get ripped apart.
So no more podcasts? :(
I had to reread this a couple of times to make sure it wasn't Phil. 

This just came out of nowhere lol
I hope he continues his assistant role at England as well. We play quite well these days so I'd hate to see something stop that.
Gary Neville? The guy who invented artificial gravity? Awesome.
I thought this was a typo on the Valencia website.
Well, Fulham have now moved to letter "o" for their quest to replace Kit Symons...
whys this a big deal?
At first I thought this was the joke post we'd upvote to have the Guardian or the Mail steal. Turns out it's legit. Good luck, Gary.
First game, Barcelona at home... 
United legend and a Liverpool fan, my team will only ever benefit from his Liverpool days that he had a few digs from Carragher.
Neville, more than most English managers, felt so much like a "I'm will only manage in England" type of guy. Impressed. Good luck to him.
Love Neville's punditry, and intrigued to see what he will bring to Valencia. 

I guess I'm a Valencia supporter now. 
Must have talked to Fergie about it surprised he didn't quash the idea of two jobs. 
Damn, no more Neville punditry for the last twenty minutes.
I imagine a big impact was made by the trademark Roy Keane Stare.
Happy Gary Neville day!
Time for Valencia to play the Manchester United way :(
I wish him and Valencia CF all the best in the Europa League!
Welp. First game up is Barcelona.
what about Monday Night Football?
This is one of those Onion articles mistaken for fact. It has to be.
The amount of Manchester United flares in this thread is too damn high!
Any official sources out yet? 
This is huge. I will miss his punditry with Carragher, I thought we were in for a new golden age. Best of luck to him, it will be interesting to see how he copes. 
Okay so Jamie redknapp and Jamie carragher on mnf. Ugh, think I'm gonna throw up.
Sad, he is the best pundit in football history I think. 
Can't wait to see him exhibit those man management skills he's been slagging off van gaal about
While Gary Neville is a football legend, he is still a very inexperienced coach so that in itself makes this a peculiar appointment. On top of that anything English (player or coach) in the Spanish league is rare. He doesn't speak Spanish, he has no history with the club and I doubt he knows much about the league anyway. The only connection to the club is that his brother has been an assistant there for a bit. This could either work out surprisingly well or end very badly
ahhhhh the interminable klopp/media circle jerk
I may be in a very slim minority of one here but I wish they would bring back Andy Gray on Sky.
Man! This is gonna be fun. His first game is against FC Barcelona.
So Feghouli to United in January then?
/r/titlegore
Hell do well there I'd imagine. I mean he's part of the England set up which is currently 10 games unbeaten. I know LaLiga is a completely different ball game to international games, but I think it'll be a refreshingly new experience for him.
inb4 orgasm jokes
Valencia winning the sextuple next year.
Excellent news, it means football will be free from his agenda based punditry for at least a little while. I know he's a God on /r/soccer but in my opinion is a pretty bad pundit. 
Really? This is breaking news?
I though the subreddit was going to be circlejerk. 
Suarez is handy as hell with that scissor kick
Absurd volleys are becoming his speciality.
Dani Alves is on fire, and what a finish from Suarez!
Suarez scores for fun, 11 goals in his last 7 games. 
Nice communication. He clearly tells the other two to leave it.
[Alternate angles](https://streamable.com/qvkc)
Alves with the assists.
God dammit, Suárez...
That pass from iniesta..... and that finish from suarez.... amazing
Seriously, the hardest part of being a Barcelona fan is deciding if the key pass, the assist or the finish (?) was the most beautiful part the goals. 
Fuck this shit
I love how Neymar and Messi just nonchalantly look around after Suarez scores. 'Oh look, we scored again. I wonder what's for dinner tonight'... 
Dani Alves is clearly past it
Lovely ball. Crazy finish and dani is good. 
So...how long till he becomes the best Luis Suarez in history?
Still waiting for Suarez to score a normal goal.....
Great pass by Iniesta
he's too good with volleys is Suarez, basically tap ins for him now
OK, Barca are just taking the piss now. The quality of goals they're scoring is ridiculous. 
My god what a player!
so hot rn
Barcelona delivered a lot of magical moments in the last 10 years in a recurrent basis, but man... this November month was out of this world.
Suarez please I can only be so erect
Incredible finish, to the top of r/soccer you go Suarez. 
Finish was awesome but damn Alves
£40,000,001
That goal accuracy.
Suarez seems to be getting into the 2013/14 form. 
HOLY FUCK!
Kind of a poor half from him too then he pulls this one off. This is what the best players in the world offer.
Alves run. Iniestas pass. Suarez finish. How do you choose what part was more beautiful??
Suarez needs one touch, he's lethal as fuck.
This bastard is so good.

I see no other option rather than Barca getting another treble this year.. even if their defense is not at it's best, the attack just can't score less than 3 goals per game.
Liverpool got ripped off!!
I am proud of Suarez. He did the right choice joining FCB. 
Wow that was unbelievable.Another great technique.Another great volley
Alves connecting really well with the crosses this game! And what a finish by Luis!
OMG. Dani Alves crosses are connecting.
God dammit Suarez, you beauty!
This Barcelona team is so good.
Your best bet against this current Barca team is just to tape all your players together and put them on the goal line. 
Volley king of Europe
all 3 barca players unmarked in the box lol
top class volley.
another Barca game, another collection of insane goals. 
When Suárez is on form, you just know he will appear at the top of /r/soccer week in, week out. The man scores magnificent goals, rarely tap-ins. 

From awkwardly fought balls in which he manages to go through with pure talent and commitment, gorgeous shots from distance to beautiful team-play goals.  
The most amazing part about that goal is how Suarez pulls off and for some reason finds the open space at the back of the box. Pure instinct and positioning 
Any other team would have freaked out if one of their players scored a goal like that. Messi and Neymar just go "Yup. On to the next one".
These goals have become common practice in Spain meanwhile England loses their shit for weeks when Rooney scors a Chilena goal lol.
I'm getting really spoiled by this team. I saw two of the best players in the world in the box and was pretty disappointed to see Dani cross it over them because I'd completely forgotten about a third world class forward rushing in behind them to finish it beautifully.
MONSTER

the best striker since Ronaldo
Suarez is just too good at taking it on first time
Volley King
Why do teams insist on playing such a suicidally high line against Barca?
This is just unreal. every single week these amazing goals are being scored by Suarez and Neymar. If this was scored in the premier league it'd be talked about by their clubs fans for weeks.
Phenomenal player.
Suarez holy shit 
Thanks for having Iniesta´s pass there too.
hole hsit
What a finish.
That's some Galactic Football shit right here
dream football
this team is insane
That was ninja-like 10/10
Suarez scores for fun, 11 goals in his prime he was just on another level.
What a ridiculous man!
You were too good for us damnit
It's literally not fair how good he is.
Luis pls come back :(
Nope, don't miss him at all.

****sob****
This team is ridiculous
Suarez has the best technique in the world. Whether it is his head, left foot or ass he always seems to find the perfect angle to smash it in.
Best striker in the world.
Channeling his inner Van Basten
Damnn the amount of space the front 3 had with no defender in sight
nice volley
I like it like that
Love dani 
oh man, do these guys ever score bad goals? 
I didn't know physics worked like that...fuck i need to go back to school.
It's seriously unfair to be getting into the 2013/14 form.
Jesus fuck sake! Ridiculously entertaining team.
That goalie was sniped.
Alves doesn't give you 100% every match, but when he does, there's noway Barcelona is losing. 
Insane goal, however, one must wonder why is there no defender within like 10 yards of him? Luis Suarez of all people...
You can say wathever the hell you want, but Dani "fucking" Alves!
Dat pass to Alves aswell
Yuri doesn't want to be near a Barca player after that yellow he got for touching Rakitic haha
More angles?!?!! 
motherfucking kamehameha
You just cannot be that good!
all these good goals every week are getting boring
How does he keep doing this shit? Surely these insane goals have to stop eventually, right?
Can Fifa mods nerd this team?!
Can't this guy score a simple, plain, old-fashioned goal?
What a beautiful move. Iniesta's diagonal, Alves' cross, Messi and Neymar as decoys occupying 3 defenders making space for that lethal, trademark Suarez volley.
The only player that reminds me of Ronaldo El Phenomeno
Alves had an amazing game. And of course, Suarez scores a beautiful goal! Best striker in the world, deserves top 3 in the Ballon d'Or votes.
Suarez: Mia!!!!!!
How do you choose what part was more beautiful?? Kind of a lot shorter than I would've expected.
Release the fucking kraken that power!
Alves : "fuck you forward, take this ball"
Messi and Neymar : "stupid ball again from alves"
Suarez : "this is mine boys"
Suarez is a specialist at shutting the haters mouths. 
Boss tha
He is a God amongst men
Welp
It's a bid sad that this gif starts after the. The run by Alves and pass over the entire defensive line was beautiful.
This guy only scores beauties i swear
Oh to have a world class striker.

It's seriously unfair to be anything but a Barcelona fan right now.
He's very fucking good.
Oh my god SAY IT AINT SO
Oh my god SAY IT AINT SO This is just to tape all your players together and put them on the goal line.
"Just get the ball close, I'll take it from there"
Suarez take a bow!
He's pretty good.
That darn hand in the end scared me.

One of the best finishers I've ever seen. He scores so so many types of goals, and you never expect him to miss. 

His one vs psg is still my favourite. He went ful power Top right just cause 
HOW. DOES. HE. VOLLEY. SO. DAMN. WELL.
So so good

did the goalie died
Of course, only because in his prime He played left-wing primarily at Barca.
jesus christ. what CAN'T suarez do?
Fucking ridiculous finish holy shit
LOL this is fake, nice try OP
omg he's insane ❤️
32 years old running full speed who simply lays it off with one touch to another player running full length of pitch aaaaaand two assists.
What a monster of a goal. 
He is so fucking orgasmic!
Since when can Alves cross?
The cannibal strikes again!
Ballon d'or?
Can I say something? Neymar and Messi looked hella pissed they didn't get to score that one, lol
Why do Neymar and Messi not seem to celebrate?
I remember the days Alves had no idea what to do when crossing. Now he's just crossing for fun! 
It's unreal how you can have players like Suarez, Neymar, Lewandowski and Muller playing like they are this year and they still won't get a look in for Ballon D'Or.. 
Roberto Carlos on the left and Daniel Alves on the right are definitely the best right backs in Brazil's history. 
He barely got to the top of r/soccer you go Suarez.
God i miss him.
This is what the best technique in the world.
Still can't hit his target.
Mikel laughing.
Would have loved to see Mourinho's response if he hit him with it!
If only he was as mature as his face looked.
I wish that had just draped over Mourinho's head. 
There's something fittingly infantile about the phrase "throws bib" in this situation. 
Diego is setting a Filipe 2.0

Nice.
Mikel's reaction though
[Another angle.](https://twitter.com/IbrahimKhadra/status/670962521172533248)
Throwing his bib over his shoulder with his back against Mourinho's direction. It is no different from his technique to foul players. He will always prepare his "it wasn't intentional" plausible deniability before doing anything.

Mikel was waiting for shit to go down.
He did intend to hit mourinho but couldn't.
Diego Costa being a cunt shouldn't be news to anybody  
If only Mourinho had turned around and seen him at that exact moment.
God I hate that man-child
This must be r/soccer's dream post. The player they hate up against the manager they hate, both playing for the club they hate..Somebody used up all their birthday wishes at once
Finally, time to unleash el Tigre 
Balotelli did it better.

He's as tolerant and understanding as a Leicester striker is to Japanese people
Title is incorrect. To add some context, this happened after he finished warming up in the 83rd minute, before we'd even made a sub. This wasnt because he wasnt subbed on, we hadn't even made a sub at this point - kennedy and RLC are still on the bench you can see them, BT Sport just cut this in after the final sub was made to cause a circus out of nothing.
God, HE IS SUCH A LITTLE BITCH.
most exciting moment of the match
360 no look quickscope
Yo fuck this big crying ass baby. Can't put a first touch on a ball that will stay at his feet, drifts out to the left, stands at the top of the box when the balls in the 5. 

Tired of his antics and his big baby ass.
What an utter cunt this guy is.
diego, you've had since august to play and score, you've barely done either.  take the stick out of your ass.
imagine the shitstorm if it actually hit mourinho
He's simply outgrown the premier league bibs
Every Diego Costa gif that doesn't show his ugly mug is a good gif. I enjoyed this one very much.
Tonight Costa's gonna get spanked by the special one 
Looks like he's joining Filipe
I thought the missed no-look shot was reserved for players like Mario Balotelli... I guess Diego Costa is a big wet flapping deusch bag to try and do that to Mou. Time to look for another striker. 
he honestly needs a player to give him a good thrashing, for his own good.  he's little more than a thug that cant score goals at this point.
Can't wait to see this cunt's career spiral into obscurity. THIRD DIVISION RUSSIAN LEAGUE HERE WE COME BABY!
Oh man oh man if that had hit Mourinho
Awww man, Mikel should haven't have laughed at that. He's probably going to get in more trouble than Costa. 
&gt;"He's a cunt, but he's our cunt &lt;3"

&gt;- Every Chelsea fan the last three years.  

Can't help but love this :)
Diego,

Stop it, you fucking gnat. You had 15 matches to make your impression on our offense. Your self-appointed position as third winger/actor, with your primary contribution being a cross into Oscar/Hazard/Nobody, isn't helping us score. You should be the one on the end of those crosses, not the one making them. You had a year and a day to finish that goal against Norwich. Even then, I had to hold my breath. I'd rather see Remy or Solanke. At least they move defenders by running in behind, rather than running into them and falling over (why did you stay up, Remy?). Acting like a petulant child in being dropped for the first time in forever. You have no idea what a position of privilege you're in. Stop it.
If the current Mourinho is the same Mourinho that won CL with three different, country won league title in four different country, Costa will be off in Jan windows. If he didnt, then its understandable why his team is really bad this season and the future looks bleaks for him imo.
Mourinho has a choice:

A) Lose Costa
B) Lose the dressing room

I just don't see Costa backing down unless there is some very strong action from Mourinho. 
He's like a child that doesn't get his own way. 
well he can fuck off then

What a baby. He's done nothing of note this year. Every time he gets the ball he doesn't even try to play it, just looks to hit an opponent and go down begging for a fall. I had high hopes this season with his injury seemingly in the past but its as if he doesn't even want to put in the effort
That's what he gets for being a tool.
I just see an outgrown child having a fit
Chelsea Things
What a baby. 
What a little bitch. 
What a prick.
classic costa
Costa is a bit of an enigma. It's hard to think of a striker as highly regarded as him that is more technically limited.

This season it would appear that he's been found out and he can't handle it.
what a pussy
With your shit form, be glad you're even on the bench.
What a baby.
Act like a 4 year old, that'll show em 
[Reminds me a bit of this](https://streamable.com/yy6n)
What. A. Baby.
Mikel's sitting there like "welcome to the (bench) club"
Cunt
Was he like this at Atletico as well?
Literally like a child 
Threw his bib off like a baby too
He's gone in January. He certainly won't start against Bournemouth next week. Our attack looked more dangerous in a 0-0 draw than it did in a 4-0 win against Tel-Aviv or a 1-0 win against Norwich. 
Lol what a man baby.
Why are people surprised?  Toddlers are expected to throw tantrums and throw their bibs off.
Mourinho didnt come to win, so pathetic chelsea boring, he was so afraid to lose this game.
Shots fired, Can't wait for Mourinho's post match interview. 
He is such a fucking child. I doubt Mou is going to play him at all after this
Can anyone explain how this got more than 2k upvotes? A player being tense and acting childish happens all the time, throwing a bib is really no big deal. Are people starving for Chelsea controversy since this week was kind of lame in that respect and the game wasn't delivering either ? 
Ew I don't like purple!!!
Childish. Maybe he should just go.
Credit to /u/Mamajumba.
Costa can fuck off if he keeps acting like this.
Mikel's laughter reminded me of Kevin from The Office
Loved Mikel's reaction, he's like: "Mate, calm down and be more chill"
Oh my god if this hit mourinho 
Could you imagine if it had landed on Mourinho's head?  The fallout would be sick 
I love all the reactions. People can't believe it.
Isn't he still hurt?
It's a prank bro!
http://www.viasatsport.se/nyheter/fotboll/diego-costa-visar-sin-frustration-vem-var-det-som-kastade/
Twat being a twat. Nothing new. 
Last week, vs Maccabi, he asked Mourinho to take him off at the half time. I was at the game and saw it in my own eyes
What a baby. He should probably put his bib back on.
Not much in that
Jose needs to work on his parenting techniques 
That I believe they are so fast!
Costa was always going to be a short term solution for Chelsea. They need someone better, more reliable or less injury prone. Let's be honest. 
Such a great headline
Look at those bib throwing skills. Such grace and elegance, such awareness of his surroundings, even without looking. Gonna sign this man up for my bib throwing team. 
Bibs is a necessity.
Mikel just starts laughing lol
mikel's reaction says it all.
Nah, in La Liga days.
Mikel is what I aspire to be shit, whereas any wrong move from Costa is highly criticised in the post game press conference or interview Diego Costa being a bell end for the media.
Was he tame under Diego Simeone?

I used to think Atletico was the perfect club for his passion.
Throwing bigger fits than Ronaldo nice.
I have to say I totally understand his frustration as a sub player back in the day.
I'm not sure if the Spanish love him cause I'm yet to see the replays, during the match.
Bibs is a victim.
So glad he doesn't play for Brazil. I would be so embarrassed
I think he did by mistake. He's not that stupid.  
Well, Jose, that's what you get when you recruit players that act as your avatar on the field. 
What a petulant dick.
/r/soccer loves this sort of shit. Enjoy :) 
As someone who doesn't understand soccer to well...can someone explain this to me? What's a bib? Is it like the arm band thingy? Or is he a goalie?
Do Chelsea fans not look at themselves and think, "I support such a shit club."?
Cunt.
How, just how, did Simeone handle this guy when things weren't going his way. It must take tremendous mental strength. I hope Jose plays Remy instead, he has a much better attitude.
[Dis gon b good](http://www.reactiongifs.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/05/THISGONBGUD.gif)
ZOMG, the drama!  Did you see him flip that bib with his wrist!  This is front page news!
https://www.reddit.com/r/JusticePorn/
I get that it's on live TV and publicized, but man, I'd get pissed at Costa if he gave that reaction and I saw it. You're not the fucking boss, I AM.
I can understand his frustration, but I believe he needs a lesson how to behave and Mourinho is giving him one. One thing is being a cunt to the opponents, but not respecting the manager and his decision is even worse. 
This was satisfying to watch. Scum.
Mourinho:  "If he (Diego Costa) wants to hurt me, it's not with a bib."
if you play like shit, you don't deserve to start. regardless that you scored a shit ton of goals last season
I hope Chelsea sell him. He was great last season but he's not lived up to that since. All he seems to care to do is fight with his defender. We need a reliable striker. 
The last time I saw two false starts in a row I watching my little cousins middle school football game. 
He needs to get rid of him. Cunts like that cause you to lose respect in the dressing room. Will be surprised if he's in the next 18 man match squad 
What did Costa learn today?

"No matter who you are, what have you done in your career. You don't fucking mess with Mourinho"
This video is bullshit. That bib throw happened in the 83rd minute. You can see RLC and Kenedy still sitting on the bench when he throws it. It happened after he was warming up not after anyone was subbed on.
Chelsea's U21 team should start to do really well now.
I love how Mourinho wears a suit and the players show up like they just arrived in Alaska, about to freeze to death.
Willian breaks record with freekicks scored in one season: Barely breaks 700 upvotes

Diego throws clothing around: Instant 1600 upvotes

r/soccer as usual
I don't know how Chelsea fans can repeatedly defend him. He's scored some goals yeah but he repeatedly acts like a cunt and is just a detriment to your team. Needs to go and bring in a replacement
It's minute 90+1 though, many players actually hate entering to play 2-3 minutes. Maybe he receives some amount per played match and was pissed for the money lost?
honestly this sub is really turning garbage, who gives a fuck if he threw his bib, hes  a pro , nobody likes being an unused sub especially stars...get over it, why is this upvoted?
I feel like watching TMZ or something. "Like, OMG, he threw his bib! Let's obsess for hours over a small act commited by a celebrity"

Football: soap opera for men
Watch this get more upvotes than Vardys goal haha
Surprisingly apt description of the goal
They're all dead.
it is like rocket league when the time has ran out. 
Tiki-taka Ipswich style
I can just about hear the old screams from the terraces of " GET IT ON THE FUCKIN FLOOOR LADS!!! "
An Ipswich town goal on the front page?? My God I've never loved this subreddit so much
Thats a lower league goal if I've ever seen one.
Pure quality 
Compare this to our 3rd goal and it's like night and day. I loved them both though.
fucking hell! as a football lover, that was satisfying to watch. 
Classic Ipswich goal!
Just finished watching gifs of Suarez scoring and another one of Neymar scoring, plenty of skill involved with both but this gif made me smile, it looks like a lot of fun. Great cross with that title OP.
BLUE ARMY!!!
rad
So frustrating that the officials didn't see the Ipswich player literally holding off Solly with a hand in his face just before the goal. Very clear from the stand behind the goal. 

I know we were shit (as we have been pretty much all season) but I definitely think Ipswich had the run of the referee's decisions today. 
Jogo bonito!
Loved it! Woah! Kinda pinball-ish!!
That's absurd.
Now this is what i would call hoofball! And they are great at it as well!
Probably the best keepy-uppy rally i've ever seen.
This is just the wonders of the championship in a nutshell! 
upatowunnn
rocket league overtime!
Wow!

Wow!

OMG!

Nice shot!
That was fucking beautiful. I've only watched soccer during the world cup, but it's stuff like this that makes me understand why it's called "the beautiful game."

Mirrored links
------

* [Original (i.imgur.com)](http://i.imgur.com/0bODb8f.gifv)

* [Offsided](http://offsided.com/b/ibdKBUi/) | [mp4_url](http://s3.amazonaws.com/play.offsided.com/at-56990c6-3a095202e0ac421f8c16119fa41d3e33.mp4) - [webm_url](http://s3.amazonaws.com/play.offsided.com/at-56990c6-3a095202e0ac421f8c16119fa41d3e33.webm) 

* [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/0bODb8f.gifv) | [mp4](http://i.imgur.com/0bODb8f.mp4) - [webm](http://i.imgur.com/0bODb8f.webm) 

* [Streamable](https://streamable.com/0oaj) | [mp4](https://cdn.streamable.com/video/0oaj.mp4) 


------

[^Source ^Code](https://github.com/hzsweers/gfy_mirror) ^|
[^Feedback/Bugs?](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=pandanomic&amp;subject=gfymirror) ^|
^By ^/[u/pandanomic](http://reddit.com/u/pandanomic)

When you play football with your mates and they all look up at the sky for the high ball
That was madness.
To be fair he's one of them brought the boys to the yard?
Keepy uppy
The longest in air build up to a goal I've ever seen. There probably is a longer one but does anyone have footage from one?
The ball didn't even hit the ground when it went in the goal!
Appearantly the ball is having hallucinations so it thinks the floor is lava only in the field of play (the goals don't count). The players are helping him.
Championship football at it's finest there
Can we make "the floor is lava" a thing in football? This is the first time I've seen a play described like that I knew exactly what it was without playing the video  
Ipswich should try their hand at volleyball lol I remember this would happen a lot you got away with as well that game.
Just finished watching gifs of Suarez scoring and another one of them brought the boys to the yard?
One of the more entertaining goals I've seen hahahaah love it!
The ball didn't even hit the ground for like 20 seconds so fun
Waterford United legend.
That's the same comment I was being nostalgic about when Swansea were in league 1 and this was the arsehole playing their entire team onside?
This was in the goal!
That dummy in the goal!
[This Emmanuel Gigliotti](https://youtu.be/JD7nxl42c64) goal is my favorite keep-up goal. 
Ultimate Headers and Volleys goal.
Damn, what a combination!
Well that goal could never happen in U.S. Youth Soccer, now.
Looks more like the sun with how bright it is.
lol I remember this would happen a lot playing indoor soccer but sometimes normally as well, both teams just kept heading the ball and it wouldn't touch the ground for like 20 seconds so fun
Might be the most 'Ipswich' goal I've ever seen.
As somebody who's been around the block many times with my club, Barça, I've seen a lot of shit, good and bad, and have to agree with Xavi. If RM or Barça play poorly, or have poor results, the fans turn on them very quickly. We've seen it many times before.

I remember being insulted by a fellow Barça fan on /r/soccer because he refused to believe that *Camp Nou has ever whistled its own players* like RM was doing to Casillas a few seasons ago.

Joder, flipo.
Most English fans are pessimistic by nature, therefore they are more tolerant of poor form. I've been shocked myself this season to hear our fans cheer Mourinho's name almost every game. 
Applauding the team at the end of the season is a tradition, no matter how well or badly they did.

It would be news it they didn't do this.  Relegated teams get clapped off in their last game.
Xavi was such a good player, but was always a little dramatic in the media.
Shit will go down if Barca finished third.
Lol they finished 6th in 2002-03, and no one was killed.
Xavi is literally a Spanish Paul Scholes at the moment.
Our love is unconditional.
Also the TV rights money is more evenly distributed in England, and hence more teams are expected in the competition. 

Now Google how it's distributed in Spain and cry.
I'm confused. What's the proper behavior?
One result of the PL being more competitive, is the pressure of being in a top club is less. Every year, 3-4 top clubs don't win the PL. They aren't alone and aren't the focus of attention.

If Barca/Madrid don't win, there's nowhere else to look
Spanish fans seem to have less going on in their lives, a lot of them seem like unemployed young men who only have football. Im not trying to be racist here but like spain has 50% unemployment among the young its not that big of a stretch.
With the advantage they have over the rest of the teams for Barca or Madrid to finish below 2nd is a capital crime, it's a very easy league for them
it was a transitional season , no need to read too much into it.
It's understandable when you're in the EPL and playing top tier teams like Newcastle and Stoke on a weekly basis. Who does Barca have to compete with? Celta?

In all seriousness though, I do feel that a lot of barca and real fans are extremely fickle in their "love" for the team. It's not hard to like a team when they're constantly #1 or #2.
Not saying they wouldn't have applauded them but it definitely made it easier that the club had already sacked Moyes. I remember most United fans were quite optimistic around then, Giggs stepping up, new manager coming in, lots of money ready to be spent.
The EPL is also much more competitive than La Liga from top to bottom so finishing 7th is much more realistic for any top level EPL team than it is for Barca or Real.
If we had Messi, Neymar and so on finishing 7th would cause an uproar. We don't have Messi and Neymar. 

Even playing awful under Moyes the fans still backed him and the players giving them support each week until the end. 
This is a similar feeling that a lot of foreign players get when they move to the UK.

At Watford, a few of our new recruits a few seasons ago remarked how strange it was when they were applauded off the pitch despite losing the match.
Yeah, I agree with Xavi here. Fans of La Liga teams tend to be pretty demanding.
Positive reinforcement is always better than negative reinforcement..
That's the difference between supporters and fans.
Context is everything. 

Utd fans booed Ferguson's teams off the field in the final home game of his third season. Had Utd finished down in 10/11 in his last season, the fans wouldn't have given a hoot. Likewise Moyes was afforded a lot of leeway by real fans (not the media or sky six viewers) and those within the game, but they'd have been screaming for his head had they failed to qualify for CL after a second season. 
This is just not true. They were screaming Moyes out after a couple of months. 
Xabi always has something to say.
That's because the Premier League is actually a competitive team and not just two teams with shitloads of money and a bunch of others with not nearly as much money. La Liga badly needs some form of profit-sharing.
what a backhanded compliment


Well it is a  two team league.
Wonder what mata thinks of Chelsea atm :(
Wonder what mata thinks of Chelsea atm :(
Well, this is an unexpected quote from Xavi.

Barca, &amp; Spanish fans in general, are not violent except for the ultras &amp; still I have not heard of a Spanish ultra hurting their own player.


If you think your fan base is above that, you are crazy.

When you are a dominant force in European and world football, this was bound to happen. Throw in the best player of all time and OF COURSE you are going to get entitled fans who believe they should win everything everywhere. 

It's understandable, even if it is not the best kind of fans to have. 
Keeping in mind that the Fans had already directed their anger and were convinced that there would not be a repeat of it in 14/15:

1. That was the first season in 25 or so years that United did not have SAF managing. Expectations had to be slightly down as a result
2. The very manager that tried to fill in Ferguson's shoes was the prime target of all the anger and for good reason - the guy was tactically incompetent to traditionally manage Man United. The fans were so used to seeing attacking pressure that they were getting frustrated the side wasn't attacking. 
3. We are talking the end of the season, right? A Legend had came in to finish the season as the manager and the owners had promised improvements in 14/15. 

In short, the real anger from the fans came before Moyes got sacked, not after.
Granted, its tough for a lot of people to name 7 teams in La Liga. 
Kind of goes without saying. Barcelona's place in LaLiga is quite different than any team in the PL
There was plenty of criticism both from matchgoers and armchair fans, it's true that English fans aren't as hot headed as Southern European ones though. Working class fans have also been mostly priced out of stadiums and there aren't any organizated group of fans (ultras)

EDIT: Fixed some of the wording given that a few had misunderstood what i said.
That's because everyone knows La Liga is 2 teams with a possible 3rd and 4th team to challenge. The rest of the league is fodder for the elite. 


Might of had something to do with the fact Moyes was gone, Giggsy, a United legend, was their manager and they finished the season in good form.

Still a class act from the United fans, but still, in other situations I think it would have been less likely to happen.
He's black He's mean He robs the fruit machine Nathan Blake, Nathan Blake
Blessing and a curse the sometimes complacent nature of BPL clubs. Arsenal fans and players applauding 4th place finishes, United happy with 7th, Chelsea fans giving a standing ovation to Mourinho after beating a small team in the Champions League. None of those would get applause from Madrid or Barca fans.
United Bandwagoners &gt; Barca Bandwagoners
Well United are not on the same level as Barca and they were not expected to win titles after Ferguson left. 
There are more than 2 teams in the Premier League.
"Oh ffs!"
That flick was absurd... 
That drop of the shoulder is so filthy. Everyone in the stadium would've thought he was going inside.
"He can't keep getting away with it!"
MUUUUUUM! Lionel won't let me have the ball!
Thought process:
1. Shit it's Messi and I'm 1v1 with him
2. Shit, he's by me and I didnt even lay a boot on him
3. Shit, this is going to be a gif within 10 minutes
His reaction is the least impressive thing about this clip.

Holy crap that is insanity. Anyone in the world would have been fooled by that.
Escape goat
he pjaniced
Can't hold it against Miralem, at least he didn't give up chasing him. 
Aww shit...at least he's in good company. And it could always be worse... http://i.imgur.com/QQGlEyB.gif?noredirect
[Aww here it goes](http://i.imgur.com/fAsUyDh.gifv)
I'm watching it over and over again, I just can't get how he can control his balance so well. He has already analysed every little detail about Pjanic, everything from how much weight he has on one foot compared to other to the exact pitch of the fart he let out that one time in 2004. In that split second, he has manipulated his body to outright trick everybody and have his momentum push on as if it never stopped, incredible.
His dribbles are so good. That flick!
He doesn't even lose a step. Ridiculous. 
You guys are right, the flick by Messi is probably the best thing
Honestly, Messi's trick is as impressive as Pjanic's reaction, he fooled him to believe he was going inside and went on the other side instead. All of this happening in a second makes it imindblowing.
What aspect ratio is that?  1976?
"Aw fuck I can't believe you've done this"
I think he reacted that way in larger part to the realization that no one was behind him to defend Messi. Looks like he was trying to pressure/prevent the dribble inside and willing to let him go down the sideline given that one of his fullbacks would be there to scoop up a hopefully big touch from Messi. But, maybe not 
Everytime I see Messi play I think who let the glitch in
He Pjanicked and had to rush back
I cry everytim.
Messi so fast he doesn't need to guide the ball to do an elastico.

#####JustMessiThings
Savage Messi
The flick is amazing and all but watch his right foot. Look at the quickness of those stutter steps as he's running full speed and while his left foot is solely focused on controlling the ball. That kind of balance and agility is godlike.
I like that he has the reaction to try get behind the ball again instead of lull off and fester in shame. Lazy efforts lose fans.
[relevant simpsons](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1tFDsL_mwBY)
[mfw](https://gyazo.com/c73ae151b2073638f1713276ad022e6e)
The look of sheer pjanic
[Meanwhile at Bernabéu](http://img4.cache.netease.com/sports/2015/11/26/20151126045317bb17d.gif)
Not again!!
You can see the exact moment his heart breaks.
Still just as absurd as when I saw it on TV.
Does Messi, or any soccer player, practice these moves or is it just improvised on the spot? 
Nolastico.
Broken ankle, or groin pull.
he looks like he pjanicked.. 
"I've got Messi this time! Now I woFORFUCKSSAKE"
That shoulder drop is ridiculous. How are you supposed to defend that?
Man, such a simple ball fake but executed so well. 


I wouldn't be to hard on myself, I mean It's Messi.
I just clicked this through slowly. In the original angle in two frames messi is like 10 yards away at full sprint while Pjanic is still standing in the same spot. How the fuck?
The funny thing is that if you google "Messi signature move" this is what you get.  There are dozens of tutorials breaking it down and teaching how to do it.  Yet, gets 'em every time.  And it feels a bit odd that -- for a player who is known for his dribbling, passing, and finishing--  a feint is considered his signature move. I guess it's just part of what makes the other stuff possible.
I noticed this one live, and I was dumbfounded, I was more surprised that it took this long for people to talk about it.
Ahhh! Fuck my football life.
That timing. Messi's a step ahead of him on the approach and just looking for one small bit of movement so he can hammer fuck into Pjanic's brain cogs. You can see Pjanic still thinking about the whole situation while Messi toddles off to do his thing again. Life in slow motion must be awesome.
"Football player opens mouth on field. More at eleven!"
I haven't played nearly as long as some of you, so maybe you can help explain...

Why do defenders poke like that so willingly? Especially against the best in the world. Do they really think Messi wouldn't see that attempted stop coming? So many times I see a defender unsuccessfully make the first move on the attacker, only to be taken out of the play. Isn't it correct to track the attacker and wait for him to make a mistake before committing?
Well.. he panicked.
Got him!
"Oh, fuck off!"
But what's most impressive is the least impressive thing about this clip.
Both great players, nothing embarrassing about Messi getting pasted you. If I remember correctly, Pjanic hustled back and caught up with him.
It's pretty much like one of those American informercials (who knows? they might have them in other places?) where there's a black and white scene of someone fucking up royally before they've bought a magical new product that's changed their lives. 

http://www.buzzfeed.com/julianbrand/40-gifs-of-stupid-infomercial-people-6eof
Escape goat -Nice His reaction is the presence of mind to do an elastico.
I would love to see pjanic at Barcelona 
He felt the wrath of GOD
That was like a mind/shoulders elastico. And then the clip and acceleration leaves Pjanic 10,20 feet behind him. Incredible skill and so happy that the recent knee injury hasn't affected his abilities. 
No surprise, Messi is the greatest player of all time. No one even comes close.
Watch how he takes so many tiny steps. Literally just waiting for Pjanic to commit and then he burns him. 
[deleted]
I dont want to sound callous and rude but *Ahem* 

MESSI IS BACK BITCHES!!
"Fucking hell man!"
This is genuinely the most absurd case of a player being in form I've ever seen. Take a fucking bow you chav
I told Jamie to score in 11 straight matches and he actually did it the absolute madman!
Scoring against United to break Van Nistelrooy's record! You cant make this shit up
HE'S HAVING A PARTY
Unfuckingbelievable. 11 straight Goals
Is this guy the Real deal? 
So it begins.
And it's against United!!
Arise, Sir Jamie Vardy of Chatshittingshire
I remember a few years ago moaning to my dad that a non league player has cost 1 million pounds and that it was a joke now look at what he has become
Upvardies to the left
And just think, this time last year Jamie Vardy was 16 stone, down't pit on the weekdays and playing amateur subbuteo for Inverurie Loco Works.
If ever there was a time for *unbelievable Jeff*, this was it.
Chat shit break records.
[**@LCFC**](https://twitter.com/LCFC):
&gt;[2015-11-28 17:54:18 UTC](https://twitter.com/LCFC/status/670662012804927489)

&gt;HE’S DONE IT! JAMIE VARDY WRITES HIS NAME INTO THE [@premierleague](https://twitter.com/premierleague) HISTORY BOOKS! [#LeiMnu](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23LeiMnu) [*pic.twitter.com*](http://pbs.twimg.com/tweet_video_thumb/CU6ri52WEAIgcXW.png) [^[Imgur]](http://i.imgur.com/CSV75Kv.png)

----

[^[Mistake?]](/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&amp;subject=Error%20Report&amp;message=/3ulwl8%0A%0APlease leave above link unaltered.)
[^[Suggestion]](/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&amp;subject=Suggestion)
[^[FAQ]](/r/TweetPoster/comments/13relk/)
[^[Code]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster)
[^[Issues]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster/issues)

Brilliant ball
Still got one to go guys. Jimmy Dunne holds the record of scoring in 12 consecutive games in the English top flight, let's not forget that English top flight football didn't begin when the Premier League did!
Amazing. Just a few seasons ago, he was playing in the English 7th tier. And now, this.
Vardy is having a party tonight, get twattered
maybe he'll finally get an in-form card
GET THE FUCK IN YOU LITTLE CHAV BEAUTY
What a contrast...with Rooney possibly in the worst form of his career
Now he need to break this record of Messi. 

Most consecutive league matches scored in: 21 matches (33 goals)
Unbelievable scenes

Well done that man!
Jamie fucking Vardy. May your form continue and the Madrid rumours swirl. Last I heard he was a lock for the managerial opening. 
Rooney playing for his England spot
After 7 games I didn't put him in my fantasy team because I didn't think it would last.  Now I'm not putting him in because I don't want to jinx him.
Being a Barca fan I'm always labeled a glory hunter. Guess they were right, it's about time I changed my flair to Leicester!
CHAT SHIT GET RECORD BROKEN
I imagine the Twitter team had that written out ready to post before the game even started. Well done Vardy.
Dank as fuck.
CHATTED SHIT

GOT BANGED
Props to Mehrez for letting Vardy take that penalty to keep the streak going, even though we are contending, we are playing absolutely shitty football 
He's not Jamie anymore. He's Ha-Mes now, just like James Rodriguez from Madrid. 
Good form.
where does "chat shit get banged" come from?
Fuck sake united couldnt even hold your own players record haha
He did it!!!
this guy really unlocked his mental strenghts.. jeeesus christ!
As I was saying in the other post, it doesn't matter which team you root for, Jamie Vardy is the type of guy you can get behind. Hats off too him!
Looking forward to next week's Jamie Vardy record-equalling hype.
Fuchs deserve shout out.  That vision doeee.
Jamie Vardy.

Is having a party.
*i believe i can flyyyyyy i believe i can touch the sky*
Man I still can't believe this is happening. What an outstanding season he is having.
Really happy for him. Great goal too and what an amazing assist
Congrats to Vardy, and to OP for winning the karma race!
Would've thought the Real Madrid speculation would have unsettled him but it appears not. Consummate professional.
Win this Leicester!!!!!!!!! Best no 9 in the summer or is willing to accept they could just be good footballers.
Amazing! So the English top flight record is 12, that will be the next target. What is the European top flight record?
Didn't know this, cheers
Who holds the record for this stat in other leagues?

I GOT GOOSEBUMPS. 
Jesus this man
BAH GAWD
What a season he's having for Leicester
Unbelievable.
Holy fuck nuggets.

He actually did it.
So happy for him!
I knew r/soccer is gonna explode if he scores 
We're seeing history, boys.
Seemed inevitable :(
was just thinkin schweinsteiger might ve wanted to take that yellow to stop schmeichel rolling it out....goal!
Was meant to happen, fuck me sideways!
Woooo... Rooney to start at the Euro's, wooooo.

Vardy who, oh Vardy who knows how to play fucking football right.  Well done to him. He's been completely fucking phenomenal this season.
What an achievement! Against the old record holders club too. Great stuff! 
I genuinely jumped up in the air when he scored it and I have no tie to any of this! Such a great story
What did he say as his celebration? 
Vardy for ballon d'or 
How many did Ruud score? 10?
Dude is incredible. A joy to watch (as is Mahrez). And against ManU to boot! An amazing story, almost impossible not to love if you are a fan of sports
Leicester is playing ridiculously good right now. What a moment
Now he can have a crack at the real record - 15 by Stanley Mortenson I believe.
Just sensational, take a bow.
He is single handedly keeping my fantasy team alive.
They're winning the league. They know what they're doing.
Things he does for his club.
Can anybody explain this Vardy guy to me? Is he going to a big club in the summer or is this record largely coincidence and not a true statement of his skill?
So what happens with Vardy at the end of this season? What is his current salary and what will other teams offer him?
He just smashes it at the real deal, think logically and you will see that.
The man is a fucking beast right now.
Had him in my Fantasy league team 9/11 of those good gameweeks. It's been a blessing and an honor to captain you Mr. Vardy. 
Best thing is that he's not even done.
Who would call Harry Kane look pretty shit by comparison.
Alright boys, we need Real Madrid to buy him so he stops terrorizing the BPL.
This is Jamie Vardys world and we all just live in it.
Great goal too and what will other teams offer him?
I don't want to get b....
He is single handedly keeping my fantasy team because I didn't think it would last.
Chat shit get banged 
Congrats /u/deception42! You won the karma race!
And now we wait for the streamable
Pretty mad but also pretty impressed 
Fuck me thats impressive! What a nice goal too!
I am stunned. This year is a dream
What a fucking guy
Nice job winning the karma race, nice link too
Top lad
Vaaaaaaaaaaaaardy
Delightful pass from Fuchs. 
I'm truly happy for this man. He worked hard for it. I really hope he doesnt stop at just 11
So Ive been out of the loop for a while, can someone tell me the huge appeal behind this jamie vardy character, I see him everywhere in football threads now
Man Utd could use a player like that. All we have are pansy ass strikers despite having spent 250mil pounds in the past few years.  
[deleted]
This thread is going to be full of "Chat shit, get banged" comments
So, bearing in mind football wasn't invented in 1992, who really holds the record for goals in consecutive games in the top flight?

Edit: Found it. Most consecutive top flight league matches scored in: 12, Jimmy Dunne, for Sheffield United between 24-October-1931 and 1-January-1932, 18 goals in all.
F
If Jamie Vardy was Brazilian he'd be called Vardinho and we wouldn't have enough money to afford him.
What's the excuse this week lads? Bad defense? Lucky Strike? I can't wait to hear them.


Vardy doesn't lose. What a player. What a runner. He's the real deal, think logically and you will see that.
Saw it live. 

Came back from the store, turned the match on. United had a corner, Schmeichel saves it, puts it out to Fuchs, Fuchs brings it up the field and puts in a first time ball in to Vardy, he takes a touch and puts it past de Gea. 

Just amazing. 
Can he get to 21! Let's see ;)
C H A T S H I T G E T B A N G E D

H

A

T

S

H

I

T

G

E

T

B

A

N

G

E

D
He is the Michu of england. He is only having a good moment and in a few seasons everyone will forget and he will play in the 4th division.
Chat shit break records
Now look at La Liga record.

Who?
The sad part is that Leicester will likely lose him this summer with the likes of United and Liverpool snooping around, and they won't even scoff at the exorbitant fee Leicester will command.  
Every "Chat shit, get banged" comment will be upvoted, one lucky person will be gilded...so chat shit lads!
Fuck this
Imagine if Rooney goes on to break Vardy's record this season.
Best no 9 in the world
Really hard for me to appreciate, just such a white trash. But still congrats to him 
Chat Shit Get Banged. Win this Leicester!!!!!!!!!
[deleted]
meh, congratulations I guess
[deleted]
&gt;160 upvotes

&gt;3 minutes

CHAT

SHIT

GET

BANGED
CHAT SHIT GET BANGED!!
&gt;If anything, he had too much time.
Just makes me love him more. He's simultaneously a fabulous footballer and just like me.
He's such a Neville Longbottom.
Ha ha! He could have had a hatrick if he'd finished that.

The useless bastard only scored two today!
Its fine Kane, Torres used to do that every week and he's at Atletico Madrid right now
Straight to the frontpage amirite

He's made a right Cazorla of that one though
http://i.imgur.com/0WRROHh.gif
We won 4-1, Kane scoring 2 goals, but what's at the top? -_-
I don't care if he embarrasses himself like this in every game he plays for the rest of his Spurs career so long as he scores a brace as well.
Aaand now he's twatted another in from 20 yards. 
Only got the two goals now haha what a scrub
1 star weak foot
You're just a shit Cyle Larin!
Happens to everyone. No idea why this is being upvoted more than his goals! Good ole /r/soccer! :D!
Harry's gonna derp out once in a while. It only makes me love him more.
Entertaining the crowd.
The spirit of Paulinho lives on!
Can anyone tell me why he is putting that much weight towards his left shoulder? Keeping his shooting side low to keep the shot low or something? Or was it just too awkward being given that much time to shoot?
Total one season wonder that one
Why the fuck is this top of the page ? He scored a beauty in the box. 
Had the exact same thing happen in FIFA yesterday; I screamed at the heavens "Only in FIFA is it possible to miss this shot!" but I must apologize to EA Sports because Goddamn, Harry Kane
I'm convinced he's a shit footballer that regularly does good things
England's new star
That was pretty impresive if you ask me
Vardy took his super powers. 
That should knock a few quid off his transfer fee to United.
Dude's had an amazing season.  Makes one mistake, everyone goes nuts.
Haters gonna hate. Harry says hi from the number three spot on the PL top scorer list.
When you think too much about it
I don't even know how it was possible to drag it that wide
Like a newborn deer.
Unlucky mate.
Looks like he thought about things way more than he should have.
Weird indeed
I think he was mouth breathing too hard 
Even as a Spurs fan, I haven't laughed so hard for ages.
My computer refuses to play the clip after he enters the penalty box and prepares to kick for goal - it's probably a software issue, but I do wonder if the cpu is cringing too much to process the whole sequence.
I once dragged a wide open shot like that extremely wide, I just pointed at the ground and complained it bounced up right before I hit it. I really just completely shanked it. 
Never really rated him
Rocket League players will understand

NICE SHOT!

NICE SHOT!

NICE SHOT!
One season wonder...
Rushed the shot because he came under pressure from the defender and didn't get the ball out his feet for a clean strike. 
Go home Kane, you're drunk.
hesitated too much and fucked it up
Isn't he awkward as a whole for a footballer? The difference being that he gets result most of the time, a bit like Inzaghi at his time
Harry Kane ! What a lad !

That's some Torres-at-Chelsea shit
It didn't even bobble...
Haha lovely lanky bastard
Looks like he can't decide which foot he wants to kick it with.
He looked odd planting his feet before that like he tripped a little or something similar..
I have nightmares of this happening to me. 
I think a mole popped out of the soil and blocked the shot. This is ugly as fuck 
I've never heard of a miss being described as awkward!
Why didn't he take it with his right foot?
Harry Kane! He's one of our own!!!
That's pretty much a Cavani-level miss !
If we bought him in the last window, he would have fitted right in at United.
At least there was something to enjoy this afternoon
He put too much crema in his tacoo
Vardy would have scored that.
too much time to think
Welp, no one's going to want to buy him now!
Looks like me in Fifa 
Bro!
I wasn't aware that Soldado was still playing for spurs.
Here I am, rock you like a Harry-Kane, oh shiiiiite.
Haha I've done that at least once. ^^Maybe^^^2^^^^or^^^^^5
sums up my love life

That's not top four material. 
Shouldn't have checked this sub today, i was pretendeding it never happened.
He was trying to trick the keeper, instead he tricked himself
Like me, on the first date :|
Did that in my indoor game last night. I'm p much Harry Kane.
Football Manager 2017:

Harry Kane
Left foot: Very Weak
I just love when I wake up and this Harry Kane thing is still here because it's pure gold
It a tough shot. to be fair I would have missed that shot too
I like to call these:

"Closer to the corner than the Goal"
Wait is that Fernando Torres?
Top of /r/soccer oh my days... 
Don't be too hard on Harry, Cazorla-f us slip up every once in a while.
Guys, help me. I can view gyfcats but not streamable links, they just wont load. (Im on an android tablet btw.)
This just proves that Harry Kane really is just one of us. ONE OF US
This is the most Harry Kane thing I've ever seen
no confidence going into that
*Here comes the story of the Harry Kane!*

*One on one, but the shot was tame!*

*He sliced it behind the goooal!*

*Oh you should've seen that ball roll!*

*And he missed the chance to equal Romeluuuu!*

http://thinktopia.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/bob-dylan.jpg


HA! THE MLS SUC.... oh wait.
Fucked it up
[deleted]
Ha! I just *knew it*. One-season wonder. 
[deleted]
Top drawer hahaha
Zero star weak foot
Munir? That you? 
He is so, so average on the ball.
He's one of our own...
One season wonder, im telllin' ya!
Didn't RM want him in exchange for Benzema?
Chat shit get banged
Dreadful.
Kane reminds me of a selfish little kid who always thinks he deserves to shoot. Pass the fuckin ball once in awhile.
That's so Spursy!!
Maybe I'm biased but Vardy would've buried that 
Top of the page. Sometimes I love this sub XD
YAY FOR SPUDS

He was approaching [Joe Hart speed](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CVEwTYaEoLE) for a second there.
31 years old...
...while winning by 4 goals. Above and beyond.
This shit almost looks fake, what the fuck. 
Wow. So fast.

Completely unrelated: what kind of toaster did you film this on?
He must have the highest pace relative to how fast he looks ratio in football.
It looks fast but the player on the wing who's running with the ball towards enemy terrain is setting the pace and he clearly waits till his team mate is in position. The forward in front of Robben can't outpace his team mates because he would be off site. So they're just slow and Robben is fast but it looks mighty like Usain Bolt.
I don't know what kind of cruel brain-washing technique they used on him in the season 2012/13, but since then he actually plays for the team quite often and I really like it. He matured a lot and also became a bit more humble on the field (heard he was humble in personal life all the time)
Reminds me of [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HBCr77OolB0) goal v Spain at the world cup, such pace. I definitely didn't think he would make it and my mouth was left agape when I saw it live first time.  
I love how even when he's running THAT fast, his arms pretty much don't move, at all. 
He's obviously one of the fastest players in the world, but looks even faster because the attacker (that Robben is catching up to) is slowing down trying to stay onside for the pass.
Le track back man
That's a pretty sweet filter on the video 

-no one 
He is literally always hustling.  Winning or losing, no matter what minute, he's always good for a lung-bursting sprint.  He's the fucking man and Bayern is lucky to have him.  Him winning the CL with that goal was the best.

I don't watch Robben too much. Is this level of defensive work rate normal for him?
This makes me wonder about the raw pace of footballers and how they'd fair had they devoted their lives to sprinting. 
[deleted]
How have none of my Spurs brethren posted Ledley King's tackle on Arjen Robben (hopefully not the only one, but rather THE tackle)?

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SjxmyjLp9tg
Is this real life? 
He cut inside
Robben can catch up because the player he is defeding isn't running full speed.
The problem in this play is that Lahm, with number 21, is way too far down into his own field. He is completely out of position in the whole play.
The attacker on Lahm's back is just keeping the line with Lahm so that in the case of an eventual pass to him he is not offside.
Robben was the fastest player last year. 37.1km/h apparently, only Ronaldo could match that. 
What happened to that gif mirroring bot?  gfycat is blocked at work :(
Impressive run! He ran for the whole pitch to cover the far post when his team was four goals down, that's what i would call fighting spirit
The speed of sped up shitty gif
LeCutInsideMan is evolving
Wow respect, even when they're up 4-0. 
Wow! Now let's see him do one of the drills where you let yourself fall on the ground, get up, and sprint a few meters as in as little time as possible.
not bad for a 50 year-old dutch...
The gif is sped up and the striker isnt going close to a sprint because he's just staying on side. Boateng also seems to cover the same if not note distance. Shit post all around I know Robben's fast but this is s terrible way to show it
The Red Streak spotted at a football game!!
He's not running that fast. Most of the players aren't even running at full pelt. The few that are keep level with him.
Arjen robben looks like a potato...
What is the point of posting such atrocious quality gifs?
He was obligated to since he just came off the bench.
He's going to be 40 and still faster than most players.
And they were 4-0 leading.
He turned up the speed to 11. Great marking. 
If this was FIFA, Robben's run would be a massive glitch.
Boateng did the same thing, but made it look easy. Yes I recognize Boateng is the CB and Robben is not.
This is one disciplined Arjen
The great thing here isn't the speed (Boateng covers the same distance), but that he allows the defenders to go up against the ball-leading opponent while he backs them up  

This is what mourinho wants from hazard
I was expecting a left foot cut
Sure he's quick but why is this even a thing? Players should track back
Bellerins run was better
Hey Eden Hazard, the fact you aren't prepared to do this is why you get dropped sometimes. 
I was sitting at the North Curve v. Stuttgart last week, first few rows, and I looked away for literally two seconds to put down a beer and boom, Robben was there and Costa right behind him. It's not real how fast he is. 
Someone needs to show Hazard and Depay this. Apart from the frightening speed, his commitment and work ethic with his team 4-0 up is a standard to aspire to. He's already a superstar and yet look at his ethic.
I think you have to compare him to other people sprinting. The people next to him aren't sprinting which makes him look faster. Having said that he's still probably in the top three fastest players in the world. 
The curious case of Arjen Robben
Love this guy, really impressive work from him there
He's quick, but the man he was chasing to cover def had to slow down to stay on side. Giving the illusion he's going even faster.
Holy Balls
when watching this live I could not take my eye off of him during this.. it looked like he was fucking sped up on the t.v
This would never have happened early in his career. He is such a boss and workhorse now. What a great player. Also big props to Bayern, they have such a strong mentality.
This *might* be impressive if it was played at actual speed and not in potato-cam quality, but it doesn't look that fast.

The player with the ball plays a little bit of hold up so that his team can get forward and they all move with the offside line. Robben looks to be the only player actually flat out sprinting toward the goal where everybody else is following the line.
Am I the only one who thought this would be on the attacking side, despite the title implying otherwise.


the other guy slowed up. He is still fast, but it makes it look faster than it was. 
At what point do we agree that football is much better when players are doping

If ever they're gonna have massive overhaul on tests, it's gonna be like old mlb vs new, the new one is gonna suck
i remember that game. he came on as a sub. literally only been on the field for 2 minutes. not that impressive. 
Chat shit get banged
I don't care. The guy is the worst diver. I have no respect to anything he has done.
This isn't cutting inside!
NoEraPenal
Sky Sport News Germany are now reporting that there is an immediate threat and the terror warning has been extended to all of Hannover. 

http://www.sueddeutsche.de/news/panorama/terrorismus-absage-des-laenderspiels-nach-hinweis-auf-drohenden-anschlag-dpa.urn-newsml-dpa-com-20090101-151117-99-12746

Edit: Police are saying that were plans to blow something up

Edit 2: The NT was redirected to a safe place on the way to the stadium

Edit 3: Everybody has left the stadium including the [medics.](https://twitter.com/Maramesch/status/666695458710908929)

Edit 4: EMT truck with explosives is being reported right now
 https://twitter.com/Kreiszeitung/status/666695147644715008

Edit 5: Press conference  to be held at 20.30

Edit 6: Concert in Hannover to still take place according to Bild infos.
https://twitter.com/BILD/status/666699477156237315

Edit 7: ~~All~~ metro stations in the city center ~~Hannover~~ are closed according to Bild news
https://twitter.com/BILD_Sport/status/666701000116408320

Edit 8: No new news regarding the ambulance and the press conference is delayed. Will try to report as soon as possible.

Edit 9: Police are ~~recommending~~  urging everybody to stay at home
https://twitter.com/NDRnds/status/666705575351345153

Edit 10: press conference delayed indefinitely

Edit 11: Police in Hanover have closed a section of the city's central train station as another object has been discovered

https://twitter.com/dw_sports/status/666711255432957953

Edit 12: press conference has started

Edit 13: De Maiziere does not want to comment on the source or the extent of the threat

Edit 14: no explosives found yet and coming bundesliga weekends are being thought about

https://twitter.com/BILD_Sport/status/666718057172213764

Edit 15: Pistorius says there are no reasons currently known to stay at home

https://twitter.com/rakeeede/status/666719580958629889

The press conference has ended and I will stop live reporting now. To any German speakers out there. [Here](https://twitter.com/c_weckwerth/lists/gerned) is a twitter list which gives you all the current info.
Evacuating the stadium apparently
This isn't "letting the terrorists win," you lumps. This is "authorities responding appropriately to threats of violence." 
Between the team hotel threatened at Paris. And then the attack at Stade de France. And then this. For some reason the terrorist seems to target the Germany National Team. 
They just showed it on Sky Sport News HD that people are leaving the stadium. Calm atmosphere, everyone was prepared that might happen.

Edit: German SWAT (SEK) now arriving at the scene. Perimeter is completely and quickly being evacuated.
Dutch reporters in the stadium are tweeting that they have to leave the stadium as soon as possible.. 
Police president: "There were serious plans to create an explosion." [Link(German tweet)](https://twitter.com/NDRnds/status/666692312634912768)
[One man held at gunpoint](https://twitter.com/Jeroen_Grueter/status/666695058255650816)

edit: [Documents of the man have been studied, the man walked along to a police van, it all seems to turn out okay](https://twitter.com/Jeroen_Grueter/status/666698662744035329)
Damn. Wish these idiots could just enjoy sport like everyone else. Really worried for the Euros this summer. 
Crazy how much I have relied on not just Reddit but this sub to follow these events the last few days. 
The Dutch reporter outside the stadium just got sent away by the police live on air. Apparently the threat is now not just to the stadium, but to the entire city of Hannover. That's what the Dutch NOS is reporting anyways.
Fucking extremist cunts. 
Any information regarding reasons?
Apparently there was a package found with a unknown or suspicious origin. At least that is what Dutch media are reporting
Watching the press conference. De Maziere is such a fucking retard. Can you pls talk faster than 5 words/minute?
~~Damn. And RTL Nitro chickened out and isn't showing Den-Swe because they probably didn't want to compete with this match~~

Edit: It's now on RTL Nitro. Also ZDF (the TV channel that wanted to show Ger-Nel) [tries to determine whether it's possible to show England - France instead](https://twitter.com/ZDFsport/status/666698605911240704).
Apparently 2/3 of the players didn't want to play today. 2 players straight up refused. Or so I heard on Sport1. I can't even imagine being on that team bus right now. Must be really stressful. 
According to a regional paper, explosives were found inside an ambulance which was parked in front of the stadium.
http://www.kreiszeitung.de/lokales/niedersachsen/fussball-laenderspiel-rettungswagen-sprengstoff-vorm-stadion-5875541.html
Apparently explosives found inside an ambulance: https://twitter.com/Kreiszeitung/status/666695147644715008
This may just be a case of overreaction following Friday's events, but I'd much rather miss 90 minutes of football than have a tragedy
EMT truck with explosives has been found [**allegedly**](https://twitter.com/Kreiszeitung/status/666695147644715008) 
[deleted]
Better to cancel 100 huge games than let a terrorist kill a single person. 
That fucking sucks. Hopefully it is just a precaution because Merkel and other Ministers were supposed to attend.

edit: According to security sources, match was cancelled due to 'concrete' threat. 
This is getting really terrifying. How do you even combat this kind of thing? Tens of thousands of people in one stadium and it only takes one nutter getting through to kill a lot of people. I just don't know.
'Some people believe football is a matter of life and death, I am very disappointed with that attitude. I can assure you it is much, much more important than that.' 
"At this point, no explosives were found" - Press Conference with Home Secretary
FUCKING SHIT

CAN'T THESE FUCKING TERRORIST-APEFUCKS QUIT THIS SHIT FOR ONCE

FOR FUCK SAKE
This is getting ridiculous
It's gonna be a shit winter.
Scheiß Terrorismus.
apparently there was a truck remade as an ambulance  with a bomb inside (rumor)

high threat of bomb inside the stadium 


An ambulance filled with explosives... For fuck's sake, humanity.
Hannover chief of police: says there was a "device" intended to be detonated inside the stadium. Just now on Sky
Commentator of U21 Netherlands game just announced his colleague in Germany told them the stadium was being evacuated. 
The Interior Minister just said in the press conference that he does not want to release any information regarding detailed information (to protect their sources and to protect the way they gathered their intelligence) about why the game was cancelled.

edit: 21:39 - according to the press conference so far no explosives have been found.

21:40 - they can not provide confirmation that explosives were found in an ambulance
#NO ARRESTS YET, NO BOMBS FOUND AS OF NOW

Just now at the Press Conference. 
Livestream from NDR: http://www.ndr.de/nachrichten/niedersachsen/hannover_weser-leinegebiet/eventlivestream2352.html

Police cars are driving around and saying that "you have no reason to stay and that you have to start your trip home immediately"
Living in Hannover. Friend was in the stadium. He is on his way home now, seems the metro is also not driving anymore. At least thats what he told me. Don't see anything unusual though at the moment. I am right next to one of the main streets from the north, where for example the hospital is, to the city center / south. Not more ambulances than on a usual day. Really hoping nothing is going to happen.

Edit: Local newspaper now also wrote that the big metro stations in the city center are closed to avoid big crowds.
Edit2: Small correction. Only the stations in the center are closed, the metro is still driving. Its just not stopping in the city center.
Seems to be a real threat, the TUI Arena (were a concert should be played today) is also beeing evacuated...

e: conflicting reports on that... zdf said it would be, others say it's not... very unclear atm
To all fellow Germans: RTLNitro is now showing Denmark-Sweden, if you want to get your head off things.

EDIT: a letter.
https://twitter.com/dw_sports/status/666711255432957953
[Minute's Silence](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=epEXLOAjals) of Turkey vs Greece.
So this is the society we live in now. 
I almost think ruining football matches may be the final straw for the international community to finally band together and stamp out ISIS. So many muslims are huge fans too.
So how the fuck do you secure every Bundesliga-stadium, when you can't even secure one stadium at time? scary shit.
German officials were saying everything would be done to secure the stadium. They had over 72 hours to secure the stadium. Police with machine guns all around the stadium, and now one hour before the game they have to cancel it. Does not make me feel safe. How are you going to protect a whole subway system in say Berlin or Munich 24/7 when you can't protect a stadium for 2 hours. 

Edit: And the security officials do actually owe us a good explanation. Not some bullshit press conference about how "we got information" or "sources". That's just cover for "we overreacted" further proving my point. 
the TUI-Arena in Hannover is getting evacuated as well
https://twitter.com/BILD/status/666689284112556032
German team got stopped on their way to the stadium and apparently is now "[at a safe location](https://twitter.com/jensgrittner/status/666692868401184769)" 
"We can't say more right now"
God let's hope FRA+ENG is going through.
Have been there. A lot of police around, sirens and gsg-9 (special forces). There are rumours that there was a bomb-warning. 
Taking football away from the people. Fuck you, ISIS. Fuck you. 
for fuck's sake, can't we just all get along and not bomb each other
According to BILD, a nearby concert venue in Hannover is also being evacuated. [Link](https://twitter.com/dw_sports/status/666691172107223042)
Great job by the German/whoever intelligence and security to find this in time. Those heroes will probably not get the recognition they deserve, but they saved an untold number of lives.
Glad they found something BEFORE something could possible go down.
Why would Dave Whelan know?
I like this RT picture, the islamist nightmare
[https://twitter.com/RT_com/status/666697517728440320](https://twitter.com/RT_com/status/666697517728440320)
Better safe than sorry I guess
Someone know why ? After having been in the Stade de France on friday, I really, really hope this was just a forgotten/lost package.
German livestream (NDR), apparently not geoblocked in the Netherlands: http://www.ndr.de/eventlivestream2352.html

They are evacuating a arena nearby aswell, where Söhne Mannheim were about to give a concert. 
According to the police president no information about danger outside the stadium, but since they don't know if attackers have a plan B everyone should go home and keep away from public places. 
German Interior Minister announced a press conference for 8.30 CET. [Livestream here](http://www.phoenix.de/livestream/)
Well. I guess this will be something to get used to- and I can only imagine how much worse it will be for those on the continent. I hope living in fear is not something any of us have to get used to.
Fucking terrorists ruining my football experience. I was looking forward to this game..

This sub turned to worldnews quickly
[Police checking a car near the entrance before kick off.](http://nos.nl/data/image/2015/11/17/233418/864x486.jpg) 
According to Sky Sports News a suitcase was found in the stadium.
NOS also says the stadium is being evacuated and that it has been cancelled "on orders of the police"
Probably for the best.
Justified, of course, given the circumstances. But I was looking forward to this game, at least to get my mind off of things, and now the game's off because some dumbass probably couldn't pay attention to his luggage for thirty fucking seconds.

Keep your stuff with you when there is an acute terrorist threat. It's honestly not that hard.
Man, this is crazy. Safety is the easist choice.
I always wondered why terrorists hadn't targeted large sporting crowds before as security is never tight. I assumed that they at least had a shred of humanity and saw football as something they'd just leave alone. This could seriously change the way people feel in stadiums for a long time. Their terror is clearly spreading. Cunts.
German newsreporter on ntv said that a package or a case with unknown origin appeared at the stadium. The police cleared the item and everything went on as usual. 30 minutes later the match was cancelled, reason unknown yet.
One guy periscope's it 
https://www.periscope.tv/w/1vAxRoYrAmXKl
Edit: He stopped
explosives found in a pick up truck? these dudes need to get a grip
Police confirms, that the nearby concert will go ahead as planned.
http://www.ndr.de/nachrichten/niedersachsen/hannover_weser-leinegebiet/eventlivestream2352.html

Here's a link to the press conference that is supposed to happen soon
Seriously terrorists? We just want to watch the beautiful game. 
lousy fun haters got what they wanted
ITT:

"We have to get used to this"

"This is europe now"

"Euros have to be moved!!1!"

It's been 3 days since the paris attack ffs
I just hope it's an overreaction to some stupid idiot claiming he's got a bomb and nothing worse. 
This is tramuatizing for the German NT. In less than a week the games they've been in have become targets. Kinda makes you wonder if they're the ones being targeted for some reason? 
Am I the only one who gets a bad feeling particularly? First the hotel threat. Then, the attack in Stade de France. Noe today: a suspicious suitcase is found, roads blocked, then everything, people going on with their lives. Then suddenly an ambulance with bombs OR a **device** waiting to be detonated inside the stadium, which causes the team bus to change its direction, while in normal circumstances they'd already be inside the stadium. The team hotel was kept on check with dogs and everything, I can't remember the last time a hotel was kept under surveillance like that. 2-3 players were against playing. And now the police is making sure to enforce and repeat countless times that the  German players are in a "secure and secret place", while no words about the Dutch players (they're safe but that's all). First news were that the concert is cancelled, now the concert will be allowed to go on. And now the interior minister delayed his press conference.
If you want to kill somebody, kill yourself please. 
well that was the most useless press conference ever.
Nothing happened other than there was a threat of an attack. Yet people freak out over every little detail, even it's unconfirmed. That is terror. You don't have to be genius to predict, that there might be a threat. Some idiots wrote "do not open, ISIS bomb inside" on a van in Cologne on Saturday. 

I wonder if the DFL will use this to tighten up their security measures in form of personalized tickets etc. 
From the Dutch radio: the evacuation was very hectic, no time to pack for journalists. The police found a suspect briefcase, but after a short inspection it turned out to be nothing. 30 minutes later the stadion had to be evacuated. 
One thing that comes to mind: at this point, how can you be a player for Germany and not fear playing a match?
Don't know if this is legitimate or not but this is apparently from the scene, looks like maybe a bomb in a trash can. 

http://imgur.com/Q5MGBZO

Really can't verify this is legit, just sharing.
Holy shit, this is not good. 

Better to be safe though I suppose.
Sad but understandable. Its just a friendly. Lets get those fuckers that are still running free first.
That fucking sucks.

Even if it's just fake and some crazy ass bastards just toy with the fear of the people it sucks that people are so fucking dumb as to target events like that where usually you all come together to have an awesome time and where it most of the time doesn't even matter who you are or what you believe as long as you wear the right jersey.


Journalists were told to fast go far away ftom the stadium
I'm getting more and more anxious about studying in Europe next semester. haha I just want to improve my German dammit. 
All I can say is for fucks sake.
Does anyone know where to watch the press conference that is supposed to happen now?
If you're wondering what else to watch tonight, the tennis match between Federer and Djokovic should be superb.
That's a shame. 
Europe needs to do something about those Amish people over there.
"Exklusive Info: Rettungswagen mit Sprengstoff vorm Stadion in Hannover entdeckt."

It says: They found a Ambulance full of explosive material
[deleted]
fuck...
Suspicious suitcase sent to the stadium, it's centred around that.
So what match can I watch instead on German TV?
Hope everyone has a safe and calm exit, leaving a stadium is quite logistically tricky. 
Wouldn't be suprised if the whole aim of whatever is happening right now was just to cause panic.
This is just horrible. The terror is settling in. 
De Maziere says the info came from abroad
Fuck it..
fuck
Damn, that sucks. Obviously there is a good reason for it. Hoped that we could get football back into the old state as soon as possible, sadly not tonight.
https://twitter.com/BuzzFeedNews/status/666685724817793024
That will make for an interesting situation at the EC. 
That live stream that someone provided from outside the stadium was stopped, seemingly by the police, if you watched it closely.
Probably nothing but they know better than me so it's probably a good idea 
A concert at TUI-Arena in Hannover was canceled as well now.
Sky sports just said reports are coming out that there were concrete plans to detonate explosives
Do we have any statements from Dutch officials?
##Press Conference is over
Fucking bastards ruining football for the rest of us
So much for being a friendly..
So transparent lol...
An ambulance. So no link with the lost suitcase or the man held at gunpoint. What the fuck is this? This is nuts. This is a terrible situation, at one point we'll become numb to it. 
"We're not about to confirm or deny anything". 
Most useless presser ever.
Angela Merkel was already in the stadium

EDIT: apperantly she wasnt: false report from sky and ZDF
This is the new normal in Europe, better get use to it
where was the good old years when football hadn't have any security problems of bomb alarm or suspicion. There wasn't any problems in the countries and people were going to watch and be entertained even with a country like mine (egypt), banning fans from feburary 2012 till feburary 2015 then just opened one day for the fans and closed the next after a stampede and still the ban is there till feburary 2016 so all those years no fans due to whatever problems occurred. how can people bear the problems in the countries to able to watch a match then anything happens with or without fans
Suspicious case found inside the stadium, seems to be false alarm
According to Bleacher Report, they just "received concrete evidence" that it was an explosive device planted. Stay safe everyone in Germany and the rest of Europe.
If we're terrified of terrorists, they win.
the england france game may get cancelled now due to suspicions that isis have some plan for tonight
There is a man being held at gunpoint 1km away from the stadium.

https://twitter.com/Jeroen_Grueter/status/666695058255650816
[deleted]
This feels like a worse defeat than anything that could have been done on the field.  
[deleted]
According to the Swedish foreign secretary, this is Israel's fault also. 
2:35AM right now, I decided out of this week to stay up and watch this, and this happens.

Seriously, whoever that decided to do that, fuck you, seriously.

meanwhile 4chan is finding the cunts who did it
[deleted]
The match was cancelled as the safety of the Dutch team could not be guaranteed, there was good reason to assume they'd be murdered on the pitch by the German team. :(
Sure is interesting times in Europe these days
Everyone change their profile pictures !
First letting everyone to the country now cancelling games. It's their fault. 
[deleted]
There was a guy that was trying to argue with me the other day that the Euros wouldn't be at risk at all....now we have multiple bomb scares and these are just friendlies. The guy was an absolute moron
At this rate, I wouldn't be surprised (and maybe relief) if EL Clasico also gets postponed. After all this is the BIGGEST football game in the planet .... 
Thanks diversity!
Nobody cares if a russian plane is beeing bombed down or people in the middle-east are murderd day by day.
But everybody hollas up when Paris got hit.

don't get me wrong, Paris was brutal... everybody needs to calmn down.
They are fucking retarded. If someone wanted to bomb the shit out of people, they would definitely not announce it and threaten people before LOL


I want to get off Mr. Merkel's Wild Ride. 
more Euro chaos
Euro 16 has to be moved to a safer country in my opinion. One that is not known to Have Muslim Extremists.
[fans now stay on the pitch in Stade de France](http://i.imgur.com/zoGX4vy.jpg)
Listening to German radio livestreaming the match. You can hear how afraid and nervous the commentator is.

Just imagine, you just want to watch some football between to great teams and meanwhile there are grenades thrown right outside of the stadium.
Man, I heard them too during the match. Knew they weren't just firecrackers. The police are reporting at least 18 dead. The doors of the stadium are closed and nobody is allowed out right now.

How fucked up must you be to just kill completely innocent people who just want to watch a match? I just can't comprehend it.
This makes me feel quite sick.
Sky News are saying there was a shootout in a restaurant near the stadium.
fucking hell. BBC News all night it is, then.
The police has just issued a warning for people to stay away from Place de la Republique as one of the attackers is still free and is trying to escape. The more the time goes on the more i am starting to think it was a well planned attack that required the backing of some strong organization behind
[Terrorist attacks in France it seems](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-34814203)
Heard the French president had to be evacuated as well
&gt; @BreatheSport: BREAKING: French media now reporting that no one will be allowed to leave Stade de France after grenades directed at the stadium.

https://twitter.com/BreatheSport/status/665284884680867840

Holy shit.
/r/worldnews post

https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3sphue/shootings_reported_in_central_paris_reports_of/

Live Feed (in English):
http://www.france24.com/en/livefeed/

Key facts:

- Shots fired at a Cambodian restaurant in the 10th Arrondissment, Paris
- Reports of grenades thrown outside of the Stade de France
- Reports of hostages at the Bataclan concert house in Central Paris.
- BBC News is reporting at least 18 dead, including 1 at the Stade de France
- There is a report that a **dismembered body** has been found at the Stade de France
- Stade de France has been sealed off by police, and the game is continuing (France have scored again)

2203 GMT
- Police are reporting **at least** 26 dead

2207 GMT - 11 killed at the restaurant, 15 at the Bataclan

2212 - AFP reporting at least 30 dead now
Fuck and euros set to be held here. Is this a statement from terrorists or something?
CNN says somebody is tweeting from inside the bataclan saying they're killing them (or are threatening to kill them) one by one.

Holy fucking shit.
What the fuck?! What is going on?

Edit: tweet that I posted has been deleted now. Hope all you Paris redditors are okay.
[deleted]
Don't care that we lost, we stand with the French people and the the citizens of Paris.
Suicide bombers according to French news.
I don't wanna live in a world where we can't play the worlds most beautiful game without fear 
Explosion heard during France - Germany match earlier: https://vine.co/v/iBb2x00UVlv
The Euros next summer will be exciting for all the wrong reasons...

edit: Let's hope this situation doesn't escalate further.

edit2: It did, way further. :(

edit3: Holy. Fucking. Shit.
http://www.lemonde.fr/societe/article/2015/11/13/fusillade-meurtriere-a-paris_4809485_3224.html

Translating from french: 

* A gunman opened fire with a heavy caliber weapon from the rooftop of a coffee shop in the 11th Arrondisement. Several reported inured


Fuck guys it was a Eagles of Death Metal concert in the bataclan where the hostages were taken and executed, they were the band that did the theme song from the Nike World Cup ad last year http://youtu.be/Bv09DRd4lsM I started listening to them cause of that commercial Jesus Christ I'm gonna be sick
This is really tragic to hear. Sad to have heard people have died, this is really sad :(
Wtf....why this happening 
Hollande ain't fucking about. Borders closed, military fully mobilised.
Once again, I really love this sub.

You guys are really the best of Reddit in handling this tragedy. While the rest of Reddit bickers over should we kill Muslims, you guys are staying rather collected atm.

Thanks /r/soccer.
Fuuuuck brother of my gf is there right now and he's not answering his phone. We're freaking out

Edit: just to be clear, he was NOT in the stadium, he is in the city center, that's why we're freaking out!!! Still no sign from him


Edit2: gf just called her mum and the mum is crying and still doesn't know if he's ok or not. Guys i'm freaking out


Edit3: for information: he's french and lives in paris, near the shootings at the bar/restaurant

EDIT4: **GF'S MUM JUST CALLED: HE'S FINE!!!!** Everything is good, apparently he was outside near the shootings with friends but he's at home now!! We're sooo relieved. 

Thanks, thanks, thanks to all you guys commenting and giving advice, you are all great!! 

but this is still such a horrible situation.. 

Edit5: holy shit 60 people dead confirmed. omg. 
Man...


I'm speechless...

I feel like throwing up, that's absolutely disgusting.











This is awful -- there was another post like this that just got taken down... what's going on?? 
As of now there are 3 explosions and 2 shootings that have occured in Paris. Some near the stadium and some further away. Horrible news.
Sky and Rai are reporting 18 people killed
I keep thinking of all the times I've gone to a gig with my friends or girlfriend and imagining the horror of having a gunman burst in. It makes me feel sick to think of what those people went through. I wish I could help. 
Fuck. Stay safe Paris redditors :(
Could this be related to the bomb threat made to the hotel the Germans were staying in last night?
60 hostages held at Bataclan according to Italian TV
At least 100 dead according to French police :'( this is the French 11th September, this massacre is doomed to change Franch society forever
Damn. First one in my hometown of Beirut and then another city the next fucking day. 

Fucked up shit.
Seems clear these terrorists are hitting multiple places at once for maximum confusion.
Fuck this fucking shit!

I feel so bad for everybody involved in this! :( No matter how many times shit like this happens it makes me absolutely sick! 

Stay strong all you wonderfull people in Paris!
4 deaths confirmed, looks like. One journalist said he saw at least 10. Looks like the deaths weren't near the match, but still, what the fuck.


So they'll keep the fans in the stadium until it's resolved? Can't see them let that many people out in this situation
Plenty of streams coming from Paris on Periscope if you have the app. I'm watching a guy taking cover behind a car somewhere in the city while sirens blaze away. It's awfully bleak. :(
Sky Sports is reporting 40 deaths and many more injured. Hostage situation is emerging. Clearly coordinated attacks with this soccer match in mind, as well as other targets spread around the city including a concert arena and restaurants. Clearly an attack targeted at the heart, culture and life of Paris on a Friday night. Absolutely gutting. 
http://www.france24.com/en/livefeed/ english news.
[Video- 100's of fans have run on to the pitch and are afraid to leave](https://twitter.com/GFN_France/status/665289340126404608)
God damn terrorists
My French brothers, and travelling German fans. You are not alone at this time. Any one who attacks people enjoying a Friday night in a city of culture is inhuman. 

Viva la Francais. 
https://twitter.com/GFN_France/status/665285613432737794
Reddit live thread here: https://www.reddit.com/live/vwwmqtrc17ul

Please, Parisian redditors take care tonight.
Not sure if it's been posted here already, but [sound of the explosion during the match](https://streamable.com/8u30?t=2.4)
Reports of another shooting on the 11th Arrondisement coming through on BBC news.
French gendarmerie forcing a blitz through the Bataclan, there are about 50-60 hostages, there were many more at first, they were 90 at first and about 30 of them managed to escape
I've been in that damn stadium, I've visited Paris four times and always loved it. I cannot eat anything, how the fuck can these things happen? Why do they have to attack the last thing people could use to distract their minds from all these horror stories we hear everyday in the news? It's terrible, it's impossible to feel safe nowadays
Lafayette -- Si vous avez besoin de nous, nous allons revenir. - Amérique

---

Lafayette -- If you need us, we shall come again. - America
Live feed of what's happening https://www.reddit.com/live/vwwmqtrc17ul
Cowardly savages, outright murdering innocent people for the sake of their disgraceful and immaginary god.
Being so close to a football stadium makes this feel worse. Fucking hell

At least this subreddit is commenting properly, the ignorance and racism in other threads is disgusting
Why are they still playing??
[Oh God someone needs to be sacked...](http://puu.sh/lkqh0/06a0ab8cce.png)
Worrying amounts of terrorist attacks in France leading up to the Euros
Looks like some sort of coordinated attack - shootings and bombings/grenades :( 

http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-34814203


Utterly disgusting.
you could actually hear two explosions on tv
Tragic, can not believe it. Prayers sent
Going on holiday there next year, genuinely scared; so sad that stuff like this keeps happening
One of the sound of the explosions on live [TV] (https://streamable.com/oge7) during the game
&gt;Breaking new attack reported in Les Halles #Paris

it's still ongoing jfc
Places reporting that dozens of hostages are dead.

The terrorists should have died slower.
100 Dead, Isis need to be exterminated.
[Fans have flooded the pitch after the game.](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CTuWTWpW4AAGkZB.jpg)
These terrorist fucks make me boil with rage 
What the fucking fuck. Can't we all just get along
This is so fucking sad. I can not believe that these kinds of things happen 2015. Innocent people getting killed because of religious beliefs. Disgusting.
People on r/worldnews make me sick
I said that Germany must cancel this match.
its probably isis/isil. they did say they would attack france and its civilians in retaliation for its participation in syria resulting in many civilians dying there. 
Anyone knows who was responsible for this? It makes me sick as this is the first piece of news I read since waking up.
Holy shit
Hold on, is this real? I know there was a shooting in Paris but grenades in the stadium. What the actual fuck.
Christ. Awful. Hope everyone in Paris stays home and anyone out gets to safety. 
Right outside the stadium? Holy fucking shit that is sickening, unheard of. How the fuck is this match still going ahead?
Sounds horrible. Thought it was going to be one of those exaggerated reports when a few fireworks have been thrown.
wtf
You could hear it during the match 
Why weren't the players and the fans evacuated.
[One of the explosions outside the stadium being heard on live TV[1]  ](https://streamable.com/oge7)    from /cppn02
Any streamable links of the explosions being heard on the broadcast?
What the fuck!???
The announcer associated with the ESPN feed said fans were popping fireworks after hearing the second explosion
Fuck.  Best with all of you Frenchmen 
We go to football to escape this sort of thing. I can't stand it. Leave this one thing peaceful. That's all we want, but no. I can't take this. 
Sick.
Jesus that's awful, thank fuck my family live on the other side of town
I truly hope this turns out to be a false report.  My great-uncle was injured by a grenade in the Vietnam war, those things are devastating.
This is absolutely insane. I feel sick.
Fuck that is scary. That is so fucked up. I'm supposed to be in Paris from Wednesday to Saturday too.
What the fuck is going on
Omg! Shit got real. I thought we're fucking save at football. 
Crazy! There's a new shooting going on in the middle of the center of Paris according to Sky TG 24. At Les Halles, another symbolic landmark of the city
Stadium is nearly fully evac'd now.

https://www.periscope.tv/w/1mnGeqBOaoYGX
[deleted]
jesus christ
Where are the players? Are they still on the pitch?
Why did they keep on playing?

France 24 reporting at least 140 dead.
Bomb alert earlier in the day at the German team hotel. It seems to me that's who they were targeting, along with the French players too.
120 dead now, what the fuck
Sickening events last night. Thoughts with everyone in Paris.
Horrible news. Prayers go out to everyone there.
Was Hollande really the main target of all of this?
Wtf is going on 

It can't be the fans can it.
The Euros next year will not be a happy place to be. Unfortunately there will be a lot more to come.
60 dead fucking Christ.
shooting at Les Halles 
At least 3 dead at the stadium itself, would explain why it was so loud on the recording. So shaken right now. 
The two terrorists of the Bataclan have been murdered by the French police at the Bataclan, the hostages have been freed. I hope they don't let the identity of the attackers be known, they don't deserve to gain visibility for their acts, they deserve to buried without their name next to their tomb. The same goes for the rest of them

Good news: https://twitter.com/sophiepilgrim/status/665314148272742402
You know it's bad when you'd rather have grenades being thrown...
Can anyone explain what's happening. What's the cause of the attacks? Is it Islamic terrorists once again? If it is, it's the government's fault, they are allowing batshit countries like Saudi Arabia and Qatar to keep building mosques and bring their own salafist imams
[deleted]
Soccer should unite not divide..
Grenades seems a little extreme. I think they were just fire crackers or something. 
This is horrible 18+ dead
What the fuck..? How was the match not abandoned? 

edit: ah not at the stadium.. but seirously what the fuck
enjoy your diversity :)
And the proceeds of their tickets went to bringing even more "refugees." How progressive.
[deleted]
Women and children first, President Hollande is already gone ... lol a man of the people, I see.
[deleted]
[AA](https://streamable.com/a8lx)
Zlatan after the game: "They (the danes) told me that I should retire...but I sent their whole country into retirement tonight". 

Genius. 
I FUCKING LOVE YOU ZLATAN
He just keeps on going and going, his cockiness is justifiable for sure, it's why I love Ibrah, fantastic goal and will remain a legendary striker
That "happiness" after scoring that goal isen't often you see when Zlatan scores! 
I WANT TO GO AND GIVE YOU A MAN HUG!
Shortly after, Bendtner gets subbed off.

Check and mate, Danskjävlar.
ZLATAN DIN VACKRA JÄVEL!
Extended gif of celebrations needed STAT!
"Zlatan never scores in big games".
Ingen kickar fotboll som han! 
Damn Ibra. That's class
Not this time Schmeichel 
I love how he celebrates. So much passion. Really, celebrating like that is rare nowadays. 
That curve is unholy. 

Well done Sweden. 

Never write off Denmark though.. They did win the competition even though they didn't qualify before...
Score for 6 different teams in champions league, he is the kid with the golden feet, bring the dream to every team ZLATAN IBRAHIMOVIC!
I thought he wasn't world class anymore? Lol, people on this sub were calling him finished last week and that he should be in MLS.
I admit it. I'm a Zlatanholic.
But...but..Zlatan doesn't show up in big games!! Fucking legend. 
Dat bend. 
I wanted him to get the hat trick on that 2nd free kick so bad...woulda been fuckin nuts
Does anyone have a gif of the celebration they showed in slow? Most passionate celebration ever.
Draws level with Ronaldo Nazario on 62 international goals. 
Someone post a gif of the behind the ball cam!

Edit: [Thanks](https://streamable.com/a8lx) /u/rodrigoelcrack
What a strike. He really carries Sweden to France on his own, amazing.
Such a fucking beast!
I'm so fucking happy right now. Kung Zlatan



Heja Sverige
Not the best angle, he curls it around wall so perfectly.
He makes it look so easy
It's amazing how easy he makes that look. 
this guy is pretty good
There you have it. This match is a school example for how decisive a world class player is. 
Lovely.
This defines sex! 
At 34 he's playing better than people younger than him. 
Zlatan in Euro 16! 

Be warned any and all terrorizing bastards next year you have black belt &amp; hunter Zlatan to deal with 
He saw that he was at the bottom of the free kick conversion rate table posted the other day
Even as a Dane, I clapped at this goal. Sunuvabitch.
I love you, ich liebe dich, Zlatan Ibrahimovic!
What a goal!
Fucking perfect! 
[Alternate angles!](https://streamable.com/rbpg)

Anybody know the best place to get zlatans jersey from? He's been my favorite player for years and it's time I get his jersey
Why is this dude allowed aimbots ?
I wish I could watch him play for another 10 years.
Greatest of all time
so calm and direct shot. Only Zlatan
I was just happy to see Zlatan live at stadium for the first time. Even though we lost (badly), it was pretty amazing!
Is it a rule that Sweden has to score after every ridicolous goal line clearance. Man this sucks. Started preparing my trip to France ages ago - guess I'll prepare my trip to the couch instead. 

RemindMe! 7 months "Buy chips"

Luckily Olsen is off now.
Put them on the fucking map
My danish buddies ;(
Mercy
Sound as a whistle. 
Beautiful! Fucking magnificent.
Magic!
This is one sick goal damn nice shot
I love this man. 
Just looks like so little effort for him
I will sign him for ten more years!
Hats off
Go la zo 
At least we're spared the international humiliation of playing better opponents than Sweden.
Not gonna get that one Schmeichel
Zlatan already started celebrating before it went in.
I don't know how I never realized this before, but is Zlatan the Kenny Powers of soccer?

He even kinda looks like a thin Kenny Powers.


He just can't stop scoring against the Danes. 
Väl rutet Micke och Ernst-Hugo, med plutonium tvingade vi dansken på knä!
I liked the bit where the commentator growled "KILLER ASSHOLE!"
Retired Denmark
According to a survey Norway favoured Sweden to win. Reactions to the goal in Sweden: http://startbound.com/v/08ef82cb/ and reactions in Norway: http://startbound.com/v/1909bd88/
Some context to this:
Euro 2016 Playoff match, 2nd game between neighboring Sweden and Denmark. Fist game ended 2-1 in favour for Sweden at home. This is the second games second goal making it 0-2 for Sweden, meanig Denmark had to score 4 goals in 14 minutes - making Sweden practically ready the Euro.

Sweden made 2 goal line clearences before this, and 1-1 would have made quite a difference for the remainder of the game.

In the interview after he said that he'd said that its the one who wants to go to the Euros the most that will. Seems so fitting with this goal. Zlatan is going to the Euros.
Can someone ELI5 the reason why goalies always go to the furthest side of their net when a player is doing a free kick like Zlatan was here?

I think it has something to do with visibility, but wouldn't it make more sense to be positioned in the middle so that they have a better chance of reaching the ball?

It's almost like they are asking the kicker to go for the corner, and expecting them to mess up. Feels like a really bad strategy to take.
[He got Schmeichel back for the save in the first leg](http://coub.com/view/97523)
I have never seen Ibra celebrating like this
I like the commentators reaction much better than the goal it self ... even though I have no idea what is he saying. 
wtf
Effortless!
Ibra-ka-dabra... Real magic from zlatan.. And it shows how much the NT means to him.
Example: Touch
As a Dane I'm extremely disappointed that we are not going to Euro 2016. We have good players that should be able to qualify without having to be in playoffs.

That being said I'm glad that Zlatan is going to have a final international tournament..
The wall was completely misplaced and the keeper was way too far to the side. That's Zlatan taking the shot fer crissakes. He could nail a flea from 100 yards. 
ugh **G.O.A.T.**
Vad gör han med bollen! 
Pero que GOLAAAZOO!
Wth is a DEN-SWE
ARSEHOOOOOOLLLLEEEE!!
What's the point in having a wall if only one player jumps?
I will never understand how this guy is the most clutch player for his national team but lets his club down in big matches season after season.
[deleted]
God, I so want this as the Puskas winner. 
I thought for a second that he did that on purpose. 
Chicharito would be proud...
Hernandez level of mind games.
That commentary is brilliant
Happy accidents are the best
Came in here expecting a screamer.

Come away with my expectations exceeded.
If he had a heart attack and died as he fell down and ball went in, would that make his goal in life complete? Die as a footballer
Fallon D'floor winner 2015?
CALCULATED
Your move, Messi.
This is some rocket league level shit. 
Abou Diaby!
2 more wins like these, and austria gets another champions league spot. danke, liebe rivalen.
http://i.imgur.com/nyBIk3v.gif
This is this kind of shit in FIFA that makes me break my controller. I can't imagine how the goalie feels.
he was trying the phil jones move
Lovely bit of skill, up there with [La Gravesinha](https://youtu.be/klBeje3-ZGU?t=108)
This is the funniest thing i've seen posted here in a long while. Did it stand? every one looks bewildered 
Can't tell if trolling

The old rope-a-dope
That was weird
Haha definitely gonna try that at the park next time
Most spectacular goal of his career
WOW
This is the third post if I'm correct. Also two posts from some weird Russian site.
r/me_irl
get in
This goal perfectly sums up my life. Things are going well, then I fuck up, but it works itself out.
fallon d'floor nominee....hell, it's a winner.
I'm perplexed ... did he mean to do that !!?
"Was war dass?"
Impressive.
He was trying to pull a Demba Ba
In the process of faking the goal keeper out he also managed to fake himself out as well. 
Genius!
"I totally meant to do that"
Rocket League
Definitely didn't mean to
Goal of the year.
Just like the coach draw it . The surprise factor 
lets see him do that again!
The drunken master of football.
What a dummy.
still laughing about it 

His head cut inside but his legs wouldn't let him :)
Mirror?
Didn't we find out that Jar Jar Bings was a master who acted clumsy? So why is this different? Think about it. Defenders will laugh when they see him but in actuality it is all talent and he will trick them again.
We could do with a finisher like that at United...
"I meant to do that"
I was there, and we all didnt know what happend, we just stood there with big questionmarks in everyones face. Best goal ever!
Master!
It was a trick - T.Muller
It really looks like he did it intentionally... Wouldn't be the first football player to be involved in that shit...
Puskas award for all the years.
Bronze trophy unlocked: Extra Effort
Plus he got a penalty for it. 
Couldn't stop laughing when I saw this on TV, it has to be one of the ugliest goals ever.
[deleted]
How the fuck wasn't this scored against Spurs

Such a Spursy thing to happen to you
A proud day to be from austria.
Wow. Didn't even last a year there. Only 364 days. 
Where do people think he'll go next? He always used to say Celtic could be an option in the future so maybe there?
See you at Celtic next year, mate.
Mourinho to Sociedad
Playing the long con so he can dedicate his time to Fallout 4.
I'm really sad to hear this because we'll most likely never hear him say [errmendi](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iQ45u38deRM) again.
Moyes to Chelsea
Poor guy. Always seemed an odd fit in Spain, hope he finds a home back in the UK.
Give it Giggsy till the end of the season!
I don't think the problem was entirely Moyes's fault. Our players are more fit but at the same time, tactically inept. We can't execute a great play at all and it's usually scruffy goals. Most of the fanbase blame our President and VP for this. Selling our best players when we didn't even need to and not renewing Montanier. Montanier was the one I was most furious about. The new additions for this season have been great but some of them have not performed at all (Bruma). 
His replacement is actually Eusebio, enjoy relegation then
He was an utter failure but I can't help but respect the guy.  

Moyes stepped completely out of his comfort zone, it was a huge risk for his career and I'm honestly kinda sad it didn't work out for him. 
That's a real shame, was really hoping he'd making a good name for himself after the disaster at United 
"If anyone wanted to leave [Everton], they'd be poorer for it. Most people that have left here, it's not tended to work out for them."

\- David Moyes, April 2010
He should never have left Everton. 
Dáselo a Giggsy hasta el fin de la temporada.
My friend is a big Fulham fan and wants him there. I seriously doubt he'll go down a league but since I kinda like Fulham it'd be cool to see him there.  
Something something shows how shit Chelsea are. 
LGTSS

&gt;[&gt;Moyes](http://i.imgur.com/gzCMU66.jpg)
How was his record in Spain anyway?
It was worth taking a chance and giving La Liga a shot, but ultimately it hasn't done anything positive for his career. I don't think it will be long before he gets another job in England, but he needs to go a club who'll give him time to build something.
    &gt;moyes
Have those responsible for the sacking been sacked?
When he joined Sociedad last year, he joined a team with 9 points from 11 games, and now he's leaving Sociedad with 9 points from 11 matches... exactly after 364 days. 

(stat stolen from a football podcast) 
[Real damn shame](https://youtu.be/GKMqpOyLCvQ?t=32)
Apparantly he didn't had the interest to learn Spanish. That's very poor if you ask me.
People say he should wait for Newcastle. I disagree, that club management is toxic and nothing good comes under working for Ashley.

Instead, he should go to a high market PL potential Championship club where he can be given time to rebuild a loved club in a low pressure (from the fans) environment. If Leeds Fans United can take over the club, he would be perfect to give the reins too. If not them, a club like Forest or Fulham.

I fear QPR under Fernandes is just as toxic of a position as Newcastle.
Come home Dave, it's been too long. 
Can someone give me a quick summary of his time there? I thought he was getting praise for starting well. Where did it go wrong?
YA BASTARDS!!
Thought they had a perfect understanding there with Sociedad not expecting much from him and Moyes never delivering.
Being linked with Leeds today. The guy just can't catch a break!
I know it hasnt worked out for him, but Moyes has quite the CV. United manager, did great for Everton, Sociedad..he's developed a "decent" international reputation. Wouldnt be surprised to see him hired soon
Goodbye sweet prince :(
[deleted]
Where have I seen this before...
After this failed adventure(s), I am not sure what to make of him. Did he "succeed" at Everton due to situation (lower expectation/low budget/long tenure to make up for mistakes) and that's his limit?

Is he too stubborn to learn from his two failed experiences to become a better manager or does he have to find a similar situation as he had at Everton to be "successful".

I think the EPL is even more competitive than it was during his time at Everton so even Europa qualification isn't as much of a guarantee for a team like Everton as it was back then. 

I hope he gets another chance in EPL, but his track records against the top clubs would suggest he is better fitted to mid-table teams, like what Pardew is doing at Palace. 
I hope this thread won't involve Chelsea some...

Yeah right.
Not surprised, he hasn't changed his tactics since leaving Everton. He is also a grump. 
Aren't there a couple Championship vacancies?  QPR, Fullham, Leeds?
How can it be that this thread is 5 hours old and there are still people posting 'Moyes to Chelsea' like it's funny?
dude can't catch a break
i guess he can't cause a meltdown at barca this year that leads to us dominating everything. 
Should be heading to QPR then
I've got a fiver saying he quickly interviews at Fulham and fights Rogers to the death for the job. 
If only they gave him more time /s
Onwards to NYCFC!

EDIT: Dammit! Viera beat him to it!
Good Luck Moyes!, i will always have great memories watching Everton with him at the helm, we had some great moments.  I hope he makes it back to the epl at some point
Seems a nice bloke, but tactically limited and stubborn. I wonder if anyone would still give him a chance. A stint in the lower leagues could reinvigorate his flagging career.
Moyes will be back in the Premiership this season. Wish him all the best and still think he can succeed somewhere. 
The return to english media will be interesting, David.
Can we get an opinion from a fan of La Real?
It could be worse than getting a nice severance package and taking a vacation until something opens up in the PL. 
MOYSEH IN AT... Wait who needs a manager in the prem these days?
Monk out Moyes in
"Thanks" "cheers" "thanks for the opportunity" "it was nice to meet you"
Wonder how it could've affected the Villa Manager decision. 
I'm calling it now: Rodgers and Moyes to face each other in the Premier League by the end of this season... 
I'm interested to see if he continues his continental adventure, and opts for a job elsewhere in a top league.

I can see him managing in another country for sure. I'd like to see him have a go in the Bundesliga, purely because I think his style of management could do well over there.

Ultimately, his reputation has taken a beating, but it was a torn reputation from the start, so I doubt he's that cut up. 
David Moyes to Swansea would be a terrible move for both. Moyes' turgid defensive football with Swansea's squad?
We'll take him
Seeing Barca play Sociedad at the end of the month for my 18th, sort of wanted to see Moyes abroad, inexplicably.
Would anyone like Pulis.

and everything is back to normal now
Yeah man. That happened like 2 years ago
Aww, hope he at least learned something from managing in Spanish football though, however short his time was there.
like ... put in a sack and thrown in the ocean ?
Irrrramendi!!!
Moyes to Fulham
In fairness, all the poor guy ever wanted to do was to sit in the stands with the fans and eat their crisps.
I'm sorry to say...
He didn't manage to adapt his craft to La Liga. His Real Sociedad played poorly and withouth imagination.
how much does he miss his Everton throne?
lol what's new 
Brendan Rogers, please.
Does Moyes have a better chance of landing a job in the Chelsea office or the Chelsea outfield?
MLS bounded...Or is that only for players?
Makes sense
between this and being sacked from united, just how many millions did he get from indemnities?
Man I hope he gets his groove back just like Stella. 
Damn. Can't help but feel bad for the guy.
Brendan to Real Sociedad

QPR could do a lot worse.
This will be the most upvoted Real Sociedad news ever. Just because of Moyes. Stupid. And the top comment is recycled 'banter' about him going to Chelsea. I bet the news of Sociedad's new manager won't even be cared about by anyone. 
david moyes getting sacked has 2.3k upvtoes. think about that. 
chelsea might looking for him right now
Always felt Moyes got a raw deal at United. He was successful at Everton, without having massive financial backing. Yeah, the first season at United wasn't the most successful in their history, but when, arguably, the most successful manager of all time is there most weeks to watch every single game, the pressure mounts more quickly than usual. 
Didn't even know he had a job
Utter imbecile. Any director/CEO/owner stupid enough to appoint him with the accumulated evidence only has himself to blame when it inevitably blows up. His tactics worked 10 years ago, now they are just lame and opponents rejoice to face them. Totally clueless moron.
Still not really sure why he took the job.

Easily could have waited out and got a prem job that would have fit him better.

His style of football was always not gonna go down well, and if results don't either you've not got a leg to stand on. 

Should go for the Villa job. They are in a similar position to what everton were when he took over.
I bet he is the next Swansea manager
Ahaha yes
I need these gloriously overused memes to keep me going through this crappy Monday

On a more serious note, what do La Real fans think the reason behind his sacking is? A lot of people on here seem to think hes tactically limited. Is that the case?
EL SACKICO!
why is he sacked? I thought they are doing well. Unless 7th isn't good enough...
fuck yes now the chelsea board will sack mou to bring moyes in
#Welcome to Chelsea Moyes.
[deleted]
at least there is a world-renowned manager to take over after Mourinho gets sacked /s
Moyes to Chelsea
sad for those who get the boot but always loved the sound of "sacked".  like "smackeddd!get outta here!" 
Opening the way for a Chelsea move obviously
Just in time for a heroic return to the Premier League! I hear a lower-mid table team should have a manager position opening soon! Moyes can do great things at Stamford Bridge!


The Manager Transfer Window needs to come into effect. This is becoming a joke.
Why did in his right mind leave Everton at the peak of his career? 
Chelsea's savior
I wish more refs sanctioned goalies for this. I've seen it happen so many times, and when a goalie does this numerous times a game, the time wasted really adds up quickly.
And [here's](https://streamable.com/gpr1) the goal from that freekick
Things that could be done, whilst Mignolet was carrying the ball: 

Usain Bolt could run 200 metres and have two seconds to spare. 

What else?
So fucking amateur. This is inexcusable.
What was he waiting for...
Fuck Sake
Utterly stupid. As a professional, he should know better.
If Klopp wants to bring in a new goal keeper, who should he bring in? 
Does Mignolet have OCD?
I've watching him dither like that on so many occasions even when under no pressure whatsoever. It reminds me of my brothers OCD moments
One of my biggest pet peeves is the fact that refs never fucking calls this. It's **six seconds**. How fucking hard is it to keep time ref? It's already one of your main functions.
Really won't be surprised if he is the first player Klopp moves on. 
Finally something to laugh at that isn't chelsea this season. 
http://www.fullmatchesandshows.com/2015/11/26/liverpool-vs-bordeaux-highlights-full-match/

If you want the english commentary to this. Its the first thing in the highlight video.
sooo no link to the actual goal?
This actually happens a lot more often than people might be aware. I recall a Scottish keeper holding it for even longer at one point. First time I've ever seen it called though.
Even aside from holding onto the ball for way too long, this is shitty goalkeeping. Had absolutely no trust in his wall, you can see him wandering to the side of the goal that the wall is supposed to be covering, leaving the side he's supposed to be covering open. And guess where the shot went?
to top it off he shifted towards his wall instead of covering the one spot the ball could have gone. What an imbecile  
Guillermo Ochoa to the Liverpool again?
As backhanded as it sounds, mignolet is a good shot stopper, but nothing more. He can't command the box in set pieces, he has no idea what a wall is for, his distribution extends no further than the left stand and the dugout. Everytime he plays out from the back he has to make a last ditch clearance for cocking up, you didn't get this nervousness with reina. We need a more confident keeper but I don't know where to start with looking for one. Handanovic may be too old now but I like his style
That is really odd. Is he so scared to distribute the ball or deliberately wasting time?
Wow, Mignolet is getting shit on here, unreal. He's a decent keeper IMO. Not sure what all of you are talking about. 
By the 6-second rule, that should be 3 yellow cards :)
How does he just forget?! He's been playing his entire life. 
Inexcusable really..  Bring in Leno or Horn
[Get on with it!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l1YmS_VDvMY)
When you're high af and you're playing goalie
Give the lad a break he wanted to make it to the top of r/soccer and this was the only way he knew how
England just doens't like Mignolet, he is one of the best keepers in the PL(amount of clean sheets, spectacular saves, do your research).

When Neuer or Courtois makes a fail, everyone forgives them immediately. When Mignolet does it, he's toast.
I think this just set in stone that we're in for a keeper in January. I really think he shot himself in the foot here.

So amateur.
he always fucking does this and it annoys me so much
How is it that refs often book a keeper for the same thing, thereby recognising foul play, but the free kick isn't given?
Comments after the game against city :

Lyonaire 38 points il y a 5 jours 
Yeah, i think three 1 on 1 saves? Great game by him. Mignolet also had a really good game actually
-iusedtobecool 200 points il y a 5 jours* 
Not so long ago everyone was shitting on Mignolet but he has been absolutely brilliant recently

Why did the ref wait so long? Keeper is clearly asking for it
did the ref warn him 
I definitely read this as "sectioned"
He's as attached to the balls as Jenna Jameson is
Dumbass
Ridiculous. This rule should really be enforced more often. 
What an idiot
When was the last time anyone saw this happen at such a high level? I sure as hell can't remember.
I'm embarrassed for him... 
I mean I've had this happen in a Pub game before and it was ridiculous then...

This is supposed to be the highest level of Football...
And yet the fans were complaining about the ref making that decision.
what a dolt    
Good.
What an absolute dickhead. Is he that unconfident in his distribution that he couldn't have rolled it to those guys (can't tell who they are) just outside the area??
They need to be a point of emphasis in the European qualifiers.
What a knobhead.
I wish this were called more often. Keepers regularly hang onto it for well over 10 seconds, really fucking frustrating.
Just a side note, it was the last time they had a 100% squad in years.
Dumbest thing I've ever seen.
One of my brothers OCD moments He can't kick the ball for too long.
In bird culture, this is considered a "dick move." 
Good Mignolet was pulling this shit in Manchester on Saturday.
We had last year somewhere near the end of the keeper is able to play the ball could have rubbed one out with seconds to distribute isn't enough The 6s timer isn't supposed to be cleansed Valdes hasn't been any better than him.
I remember seeing a game with him involved and Liverpool were losing and he was still taking his fucking time kicking the ball. He is so slow when distributing it's frustrating. Glad to know he's finally been punished for it.
Canada - USA in the first year I didn't renew my refereeing license, but I'm pretty sure what we used to call a keeper I, in many ways, expect this level of leniency as well.
Laughable.
Drop this idiot, drop him right now. Really no excuse for that kinda stupidity.
What are the rules for where the free kick is taken from? If he was holding the ball right on the goal line when called out for time would it be there?
What an idiot.  All he had to do was put the ball on the floor.  Why's he still holding the ball with no one around? 
Mignolet had already burned my head in, but to be fair to him here, the number of times where I've seen him (and other keepers) hold onto the ball for 10-15+ seconds is ridiculous.

As a keeper, I don't think it's something they think about. Referees never call it, like it's a forgotten rule.

I don't have any problem with the ref calling it of course - it's in the rulebook.
Same as happens in basketball, I think the referee should signal the seconds with his arms, and there should be a hard limit to pass the ball.
One of the dopiest footballers ever. 
Kept making 2 or 3 glaring errors every game, absolutely can't handle anything in the Netherlands that was too big for my size.
I.  Y u uh 66 the same uh 

So uncommon to give a free kick for these kind of fouls, although I think it's a good thing to pay attention to as a referee. Same thing with handball if the keeper kicks the ball at the edge of the box. Happend to me a couple weeks ago in a friendly for fuck sake. 
Mignolet will be one of the players that Klopp will clear out during the transfer season.
Herpa derpa its 0-0 30 mins in, lemme waste some time. Its only logical,guys.

Nah but srsly, what a tit.
Are you fucking with all of us!!? That is absolutely unacceptable and should be sanctioned every time. Ten seconds, sure. 
But 20+ seconds and you have time to bounce the ball against the ground??? Fuck outta here u can't do that. If you support the opposite decision, you should never be able to referee any sport.

Edit: a word 
so much composure in front of goal ^^^^/s
I think we need a new keeper...

This is inexcusable.
Literally how is this possible
[deleted]
Mignolet has never been a top keeper. he's so fucking infuriating god why's he so shit
I mean letter of the law its the right call, but really weird refereeing.

You almost never see that called, and thats because most refs would've given Mignolet 2/3 warnings prior to giving the freekick. Refs entitled to immediately give the free kick, but its unnecessary. Its a tiny infraction in the grand scheme of the game, and it presents a huge opportunity for the attacking team to score.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qjp1Zrvn8VQ
He'll be the first to go. Shite keeper
[?](https://youtu.be/yWA4uJOXF-g?t=4m14s)
Mignolet keeps the ball 21.4 seconds before getting sanctioned - Bordeaux scored FROM the freekick
Tie breaker to determine the third spot was "Fewest players eaten"
Neymar ends the eight year period without any Brazilian on the top 3. The last Brazilian to be nominated was Kaká in 2007. Sign of good things to come?
Here are some statistics for 2015 for the 3 nominees:



Name | Apps | Minutes | Goals | Assists | Win % | G+A Per 90
----|----|-------|-----|-------|-----|-------
Lionel Messi | 56 | 4793 | 48 | 24 | 77% | 1,352
Cristiano Ronaldo | 51 | 4464 | 48 | 14 | 63% | 1,250
Neymar | 59 | 4946 | 45 | 13 | 83% | 1,055

Some other noteworthy performers throughout the year, if we're looking at attacking players:



Name | Apps | Minutes | Goals | Assists | Win % | G+A Per 90
----|----|-------|-----|-------|-----|-------
Sergio Agüero | 45 | 3315 | 32 | 10 | 53% | 1,140
Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang | 48 | 4155 | 41 | 8 | 65% | 1,061
Kevin De Bruyne | 55 | 4662 | 22 | 27 | 65% | 0,946
Robert Lewandowski | 53 | 4377 | 46 | 5 | 70% | 1,049
Thomas Müller | 52 | 3971 | 35 | 11 | 71% | 1,043
Luis Suárez | 52 | 4501 | 40 | 22 | 83% | 1,240


Obviously these statistics should not decide who is to win, but I merely wanted to compare the three nominees to some other goal-producing players who have all had a great year, as far as goalscoring (and for De Bruyne assisting) goes. 

If you're interested in other player statistics for 2015 please let me know, I'll happily provide.
Those who are saying Suarez was robbed are forgetting that a lot of footballers, coaches and journalists who get to vote don't like him as a person. He's widely viewed as a biting, cheating, racist by many people and even if he's been a model footballer for the last two seasons people don't have short memories.

It doesn't matter how good he is if they don't like him they're not going to vote for him. Messi, Ronaldo and Neymar are performing at a similar level but are ultimately more likeable/respectable. 
Ninth consecutive year that Messi is among the top three. El rey.
Neymar has really no chance to win anyway, Messi is probably the winner this year.
And so the great r/soccer discussion of who should really be on this list begins...
Where is Vardy
Aaaaaand that will be the same order when the results are out...
Tbh I'm more interested in the [Fallon D'floor nominees](https://fallondfloor.com)
I would like to see Messi win it, but not for winning the treble.  Rather, I think he should get it for bailing Barcelona out in the earlier part of last season and allowing the team to be in a position where they could win it.  

Barcelona ended the season so convincingly dominant, it's easy to forget how many problems they were having in the fall.  There was a lot of turn over in the team, Puyol was gone as was Victor Valdes.  Xavi came back for one last season by played relatively little.  Some of the players that remained were ghosts of themselves when it came to play (Pique, Alves, Iniesta (less in his case)).  New keepers, new defenders, new midfielder, and -- most importantly -- a brand new manager, the third in as many years.  His idea was to rotate the team to have completely different line-ups and formations, which made it very difficult for the new team to gel.  He also had to train with a new star forward, but play without him for two months.  

Back then, the midfield was a shadow of what a Barcelona midfield is supposed to be, the defense was all over the place, and the leadership was untested and possibly untrusted, but Messi remained consistently good.  He played in every part of the front half (and even further back), whatever gap opened in play he would go to fill it.  If there were problems with scoring, he was there; issues with creative play, he was there.  He was maligned for his low goal-scoring totals and even relatively low assist numbers, while what he was doing for the team just doesn't go on a score sheet like that.  In those early days, you could see Messi just dragging the team over the finish line in every game and keeping them within a point or two of Madrid the whole time.  When Suarez came back and the team began the gel, Alves and Pique came back from the dead, Messi blossomed into the monster he was at the end of last season, the one people think of now.  But I think what he did to make that possible might be more important and easier to overlook.

When it comes to winning those trophies, to actually win them, it was the whole team that did that.  With a few exceptions, past January, it was no longer about Messi winning the games for Barcelona.  He knows this and he has said this many times himself.
https://media.giphy.com/media/PFwKHjOcIoVUc/giphy.gif
The only argument that Cristiano actually had for making the podium was for his raw production as a player. Even with that, Suárez has him ~~almost~~ matched. Suárez has scored ~~39~~ 40 goals and assisted 22 goals in the calendar year (~~61~~ 62 in total); Cristiano has scored 48 goals and assisted 14 goals in the calendar year (62 in total). There is nothing that puts Cristiano ahead of Suárez this year. And for the ones who want to talk about service: https://twitter.com/WhoScored/status/620962757035327488

The most amusing thing is how people claim that the thought of Suárez being better this year is due to *recency bias*. That's just shameless. Suárez scored two against PSG, two against City, assisted two against Bayern, and scored the **winner** in the Champions League final. He also scored the winner in the clásico in March which put Barcelona firmly in control of the title race. And then he has continued his form into this season whereas Cristiano hasn't.

Recency bias? Some people are just delusional.

Edit: Suárez has actually scored 40 goals in 2015, not 39. So yes, they are actually matched in terms of goals and assists.
[deleted]
Is it possible to see the  4th, 5th (...) players?
Who are these people???
It's funny seeing so many people getting so mad about a pointless award. And it's not even about who wins it, it's about who's going to come 3rd
Gonna be 1) Messi 2) Neymar 3) CR7

EDIT: I just remembered that this is more of a popularity contest, and seeing as it's mostly based on the second half of last season CR7 will come in 2nd most likely.
Have a feeling people will vote for Neymar over Ronaldo for second place.

Also, I can't wait to see what the Maltese FA coach votes. Last year it was Mario Gotze.  
I can't die before seeing Ronaldo and Messi play together. UEFA should go all MLS and play a mini tournament with the all star la liga vs premier league vs bundesliga vs serie a. 
Only a question of whether Ronaldo finishes 2nd or 3rd.
This is starting to get a little boring. 
do they release the ranking of the other 20 players before the ceremony in january?
Went to Barça vs Sociedad at the weekend and Neymar was outstanding - much better than Messi and Suarez, obviously its only one game but I think he'll be these best player in the world over the coming decade.
Messi, now five
I hope some bayern players get top 3 next year!!
Suarez was robbed tbh
Lewandowski
wild, controversial picks this year
Basically the "Who is gonna third wheel Messi and Ronaldo"
My logic: If Allegri isnt even nominated as CotY, despite having the second best chance at a treble last year; had a poor start to this years domestic league, but still doing very well in europe, than neymar should win PotY - he's had a far better start to this season than messi and last year wasnt so far of messi. of course we all know messi is gonna win tho.
First of all, Suarez was robbed for a podium finish, that much is clear. 

Second, Ronaldo played great football at the beginning of last season, that is the end of LAST year and deservedly got Bdor in 2014, but its 2015 that is now being decided and he doesn't deserve to be on podium.


To say Ronaldo has been better then Suarez this year is frankly nuts. He was absolutely invisible in first 3 months of the year, Messi catching up on his 18 goal advantage in La Liga, Real going from +4  to -4 in matter of month, him being nowere against Atletico and getting 2 match ban after kicking a player for no reason.

He did pick up his level in April and May, but ever since this new season started in August he is not deserving to be mentioned as top 5 player currently. So I don't know where is this entire scenario coming from about him having great year. Mentioning penalty scored against Juventus where he didn't do anything else worth a shit for entire match is laughable, and they even lost at the end while Suarez was critical for every knock out match Barca played and won actual treble in the end.

Frankly this is BS, but this is BS that Suarez is to fault as well since alot of people didn't pick him for his history of bad behavior.

I dont think anyone honest can say Ronaldos all around game is better then Luis's, you could only rely on stats to say they are close but this year Suarez has more goals+asists in less games and he didn't even shot a single penalty or free kick for his team.

BS award tbh.
All those calling for Suarez's inclusion over Ronaldo, recency bias much?

Suarez deserved a spot over Ronaldo. He has been absolutely amazing in 2015. Messi and Neymar deserve their spots, of course. I think this will be the last season in which Ronaldo is on the podium.
Ronaldo in it may be not deserved but it is hardly a surprise. He still has good arguments over the year (like best goalscorer of the year... okay that may be the only one) and it is close between his and Suarez (even if Suarez consistency can arguably put him ahead). Suarez is only the third best player in his own team so in a vote like for the ballon d'or it doesn't help him.

But the fact that Ronaldo will probably be second is kind of a joke in my opinion. Neymar had such a better year than Ronaldo it's not a good thing for the award to be so obviously a reputation contest.
Does FIFA also share how many votes each pleyer had ?
I'm Brazilian, but I honestly thought Suarez was playing better than Neymar until the last two months or so, when Messi got injured and his confidence and passing ability skyrocketed
Messi

Neymar

Ronaldo. 


I have seen Ronaldo's film/documentary, man if I only stick playing football.  What a amazing life he's living.  
Honestly Suarez was robbed of top 3 but you can argue Ronaldo could've been 3rd place anyways. That being said if Neymar doesn't get 2nd place during the final vote, that'll be some grade A bullshit.
Ha it's Messi's world.  Everyone else just lives in it
I know people are upset over Suarez not being nominated, but please keep this in mind. The balon d'or is a popularity contest, and when you have a guy like Suarez who bites people various times, who's said and done rascist things, and to be honest isn't "camera friendly". At the end of the day it doesn't matter because Messi will 100% win it to deservedly so.
I don't believe this award is relevant anymore. 
Suarez deserved it more than Ronaldo this year  


Wish Lewandoski got a nomination :/ 
Suarez isn't in because most of the people in football who vote on the Ballon D'or (international managers, coaches &amp; journalists) don't like him. He's an absolutely unbelievable player, but he also bites people, dives and throws tantrums.

Remember Africa is the biggest voting bloc in Fifa, and after what he did to Ghana in 2010, I'll bet a lot of African FAs hate his guts. 
Dont bother scrolling, it's just suarez getting robbed and wanting the exclusion of Ronaldo. 
Poor Suarez
Messi is going to win by a landslide. He's been exceptional!

Also think Neymar deserves this recognition. Ronaldo will sadly have to cope with a 3rd place finish this year. 

MRN :( 
[deleted]
Although we all knew Ronaldo was going to end up top3, it's still disappointing to see that sheer popularity has so much influence.
Bullshit. Suarez should definitely be there, he is so important to Barcelona. His ban has nothing to do with this, as it ended before last years award. The ban surely  robbed him last year, this year there is no excuse.
It should have been:

1st - Messi


2nd - Neymar


3rd - Suarez


They each scored over 40 goals in 2015, provided dozens of assists on their way to deliver a treble. Ronaldo won nothing.
Messi, Neymar, Ronaldo for me. And I believe Next year the nominee's will be Messi, Neymar and Suarez. Have the 3 nominee's ever come from the same team before?  
How awesome it would be if Messi calls Suarez and Neymar on the stage when he gets the Ballon D'or, and shares it :)

Probably won't happen right then though, but definitely later.
Big Madrid fan here, I love CR7 but Neymar had a better year. I would even bet that Neymar could win it, of course Messi will but there's a chance.
Suarez scored two against PSG, two against Bayern, and scored the winner in the top 3.
Honestly, who else would not put CR 7 in top 3?
Ronaldo scored 48 goals in the Liga last season...he deserves second place..(Barca fan)
Suarez wasnt robbed. You can argue that he deserved to be up there with Messi and Neymar. But lets not gonna forget a guy that burried almost 50 fuckin goals in La Liga (plus 10 in the CL). He won shit, sure. But you cant say it was his fault. I would accept both decisions. 
You guys are forgetting this is a popular contest...
No Suarez? Wow. 
The fact that people can even argue that the 3 best players in the world all play on the same team is just mind-blowing. Barca's recruiting team deserve some kind of medal.
I like how people only judging player due to stats and not the players impact on the pitch... :D
suarez is being criminally overlooked here imo
I am a huge Barça fan, and as much as I hate Ronaldo, I think he truly deserves to be in the top 3.  He had a fantastic season scoring 48 goals in La Liga, and 61 goals in all competitions. People seem to forget what he did last season...

Luis Suarez can easily be in the top 3 for next year.
I really thought Suárez deserved a spot, even if it was over Neymar. His Champions League performances alone merited a spot in the top 3
Reading through the comments. People really do care about the ballon d'or. 
They had a fantastic season scoring 48 goals in all competitions.
Do club captains who are also national captains get two votes?
Boring
Will probably be that same order for the result too.
We can all agree that he didn't even shot a single player on the pitch...
I'd like to see Suarez in the top 3 but whilst Ronaldo hasn't had his best season I think it's fair that he's there
Messi this year, Neymar next year. 
I am Jack's complete lack of surprise.
Messi should get first, there's honestly no debate at all. That's awesome that Neymar made the top 3 though. I'm so happy for him!
Guess there's no point in watching this year.
Suarez for Neymar imo, either way it's Messi's year
If Zlatan was born 5 years earlier or 5 years later I am sure he would have won it but no. He had to be born in the same era as 2 gods, not fair.
Is this really interesting to people still when there is nothing new about it?
Why would anyone want a door made out of balloons?
Fucks sake, I thought Ronaldo had to be a model footballer for the ballon d'or it doesn't help him.
What about Lewangoalski?
I haven't been watching much soccer lately but what about Mueller?
Thought that Lewandowski would be there. 
I don't think the same players should be nominated for two years running. I feel like it would be great if Neymar won but he probably won't. Just like Neuer last year. 
Zzzzzz
Why Neymar?
where is bale? :O hahaha
guardado should be nominated
   
just kiddin   
   
sort of
Who's this Ronaldo bloke, and what is he doing in Suarez's podium position?
This just goes to show how fucking incredible Messi and Ronaldo are. When a player like Suarez isn't in the top3 even though he played his heart out. 
Ridiculous Barcelona bias in this thread, some getting upvoted for saying that Suarez should be in over Ronaldo. Ludicrous...
Suárez should, in my opinion, have been there instead of Ronaldo. Maybe I'd even put Suárez over neymar. 


I have a feeling that Cristiano will slip to third place this year.
I don't get all the hostility towards Ronaldo in this thread.

Messi was a given, that leaves two spots. Ronaldo should also be a given because he did nearly as well, despite not winning anything in 2015. His raw numbers are exceptional. Sure, Suarez matched him, and Suarez had an excellent year as well and should be in contention, but I'm thinking the logic went like this:

Messi is a shoe-in. It wouldn't be fair to put all three Barcelona forwards because when they play together, they have an exponential effect on how good each of them can be. Ronaldo put up his numbers without having another player on his team who could score 40 goals and put up 20 assists in a season. So Ronaldo goes up there as well. I'm not saying that's fair, or correct, or right - but it's difficult to argue that he didn't do enough for at least a podium finish, especially considering that he didn't have the benefit of having two other out-of-this-world players feeding him and to feed. You can certainly argue that if you took Suarez out of MSN and put Ronaldo in, Ronaldo would put up the same numbers and probably more in both goals and in assists.

That leaves one spot, and this time it absolutely has to be between Suarez and Neymar. Between them who do you pick? Both are unbelievably gifted players. Both have PR issues, but Suarez' past has far more PR gaffes than Neymar's. He's bit people three times, he's been accused of racism and presented a defense saying "look we call black people in Uruguay 'negrito' all the time" which might be fair enough, but in the European context and against a European player is a huge no-no. So logically Neymar despite the diving/play acting/tax issues is clearly the better PR bet. Someone here also mentioned that the various African FAs might also still hold a dim view of Suarez from the intentional handball in 2010 as well as the racism accusations, and they have a significant voting bloc, so that could have contributed as well.

I can absolutely understand why lots of people think all three of MSN should be up there... having watched my team and our vaunted 'best defense in the world' get absolutely bent over by them in the CL final, I know they're absolutely superlative players. It wouldn't be abnormal at all if all three were on the podium at Ronaldo's expense... but it also shouldn't be considered abnormal that Ronaldo finished up there, that's all I'm saying. He doesn't deserve quite this much hate.
Suarez over Neymar
Suarez should be swapped with Ronaldo.
Shame that Ronaldo is there before Suares
Neymar only being 23 fucking blows my mind, imagine what he'll be like at Messi's age? Fuck
People saying Suarez didn't get in the top 3 because of the journo's not liking him. Fair enough, but even still Lewa should be in ahead of Ronaldo. Messi, Suarez, Neymar and Lewandowski all had better years.
Suarez vs Cristiano in 2015:

Games: 52-52

Goals: 40-48

Assists: 22-14

Trophies: 4-0

Just gonna leave that here for people who argue CR deserves the nomination, namely /u/Molni
So Messi. Got it.

First time in 8 years a Brazilian is in the top 3.
These awards are so boring.

It's going to be the same players every year.
Fun fact: Only two people have ever won the FIFA Ballon d'Or: Christiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi, if you don't count the honorary award Pele received. Looks like that streak will continue.

Of course, this is because [the award has only existed since 2010](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FIFA_Ballon_d%27Or). Before that, it was only for European players.
For UEFA, it was Suarez, our best finisher and the best striker in the world. For FIFA, it was Neymar, who is on fire right now and is seeming to turn into a true superstar. His dream his coming true, hope he's 2nd coz Ronaldo deserves 3rd.
Title has the final order already.
I'm really hoping for Neymar, just so the other two don't get it again. 
Not bashing on ronaldo or messi, but it gets a little old seeing the same crowd on top all the time.

Looking at you, Bayern.
Why bother nominating Ronaldo anyways?
He won´t attend the ceremony if he doesn´t win it.

So he certainly won´t come this year(I know it is in january)
Ronaldo had a great 2nd half of the 2014/15 season and at times carried Real Madrid when they looked like they were about to crumble. Well deserved inclusion although it is almost guaranteed he won't be winning it.

It's so absurd how people let his dislike of him as a person taint their view of one of the greatest forwards of our generation.
I expected Ronaldo to be on the list. His documentary that just came out, his many goals, his 5 goals a game games, his charisma, his English speaking abilities.
Ronaldo definitely deserves top 3, 100 %. 
Bullshit that Suarez has never won. He was the best player on earth while he was at Liverpool. It's probably cus he was such a cunt.
Pathetic. Wtf is Ronaldo doing there. He can't even dribble without falling.
I know its been said but Suarez deserves a mention at 3rd
oh come on! JAMIE VARDY!!!
when Ronaldo was in the Prem playing for united he didn't score 11/11, what does a non-la liga player have to do to be nominated?
I don't think a poacher will ever win the Ballon D'or especially without winning any major trophies, Messi wins it for the 5th time
Suarez scores game-winning goals against domestic and European giants, wins the treble and gets snubbed.

Ronaldo has a shit run of form, releases a movie about him slobbing on his own knob and wins no trophies. Gets Balon D'or nomination.
It will be Messi, but I would love to see Neymar win it.
I hope Neymar wins 

Just for the narrative 
Ah the yearly Messi or Ronald'or
So, it's basically Messi v. Neymar. 
Absolute travesty that Joe Allen wasn't nominated.
Fifas annual popularity contest...once messi and ronaldo get too old im sure neymar will win multiple awards due to popularity.
1. Messi 2. Neymar 3. Ronaldo
If Ronaldo gets it, I quit football.
Getting real sick of seeing these guys faces. There's so much talent in football that doesn't given half the deserved spotlight that these three get. Sure they're great, but they're not the only great ones. 
CR7 had a really low performance in 2015 .... Suarez on the other hand was critical in key games to help Barca win the treble (winning goal to beat RM as one of them), specially if you considered that he joined the team a lot later and still had a pretty big impact right away with his assists. 

On the bright side, it will be interesting to see CR7 face when Messi gets the award, chances are that he might not even go like he did a few years ago.
Idk why everyone thinks Suarez should be third over Ronaldo. You all say that Ronaldo had a bad year yet despite that he still scored and assisted the same as Suarez. So Ronaldo has done the same amount of work playing badly as Suarez who has been playing godly. 

Don't you think that sort of makes Ronaldo the better playing considering he can do the same as Suarez despite playing poorly?

Also Suarez has the best team around him to help. Two players who are arguable the best in the world who have done the same amount of work as Suarez, so it kind of adds to the fact that Barca are the best since 3 people got the same amount of stats. While Ronaldo has above average players but noone near his stats. 

But yeah just a popularity contest really. People still punish Suarez for his eating habits. 
Ronaldo? WHAT? He shouldn't even be top 5.. This is mad politics at it's finest. Suarez or De Bruyne should've gotten the 3rd spot. Did you see KDB play at Wolfsburg last year? Even better than currently at City while he already is playing on high level. The most consistent player there currently is, week in week out, never injured, always giving himself 120% and never stops working until his face turns more red than his hair. He should've gotten the 3rd place or Suarez, but Ronaldo is proper shit.
Lewandowski was robbed
Stuart Sinclair has been absolutely robbed. He should be on the shortlist for his beard alone.
Should have been Suarez instead of Ronaldo.
Read the title wrong and thought it was "Fallon d'floor awards" 
Where's Vidal?, he was a great part of Juventus 3 championships and the UEFA CL 2015 finals, also he was the star of the Copa America and he was the centerpiece of the champion, Chile.
How did Cristiano get in the top 3?

Should have been Suarez. 
Luongo was robbed...
It's starting to get a bit boring now.
For me, Suarez &gt; Neymar 
Would be a crime to not give it to Messi, however considering its FIFAs price I wouldnt be surprised if he didnt get it..
Easy win for Messi this year.
Called it
Buffon had one of his best years... But everyone just thinks about goals scored and assists made. 4th consecutive Serie A, Italian Cup, and reached the UCL final with a team that is far below Barca, RM, Bayern, etc.
The fact that biter got nominated is yet another stain on FIFA.

The organization needs to be shut down and the World Cup needs to be rebooted with at least one ethical employee.
that's bullshit. suarez :((
Where is the presentation this year?
Why isn't Ozil or Thomas Muller a consideration? Ronaldo isn't even good yo.
This is not a hard choice, right? =)


Was about to say, how is Neymar there but Luis Suarez not? I guess international play?
[LOL](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CU8ez9HWEAAjrPe.jpg)
Cant believe Lewandowski doesnt make the short list. The dude plays pretty damn good for Poland too.
Unpopular opinion: Suarez is rightfully out of the top 3 and should be out of the top 3 because what he did 2013 and 2014.
The sky is blue
Should be lew or suarez in my opinion 
I'm glad Suarez isn't on the list, despite being one of the greatest footballers at the moment, he just doesn't DESERVE to be awarded with the most prestigious football award... due to him being a massive cheating cunt.


Ronaldo still deserves to win it
Did neymar deserve it over Suarez or lewandowski, that guy recently broke 4 world records ? 
Neymar&gt;messi&gt;cristiano
Suarez deserves being out for being a cunt.There I said it.

Come, downvote me.
If I had to pick the 3 candidates:

- Messi
- Vidal
- Mascherano (or at least the most influential defender between the UCL and the Copa)

and how about an overhaul in the voting structure:

- Nominate the players for "Best Attacker", "Best Midfielder" and "Best Defender"
- Attackers consist of: ST (9); WF (7, 11); FW (10)
- Midfielders consist of: CM (8); WM (7, 11); CAM (10); HM (6)
- Defenders consist of: GK (1); CB (4, 5); CDM (6); FB (2, 3)

- 1st round of voting should be the respective candidates for each of these distinctions
- 2nd round of voting determines the three positional players of the year
- 3rd round of voting determines the player of the year as well as the FIFA team of the year (must include the 3 positional winners)
[deleted]
No Suarez? That bites!
The Scottish Messi, Ro-bald-o, Naimar.

Steven Naismith for Ballon D'or!


Again no midfielders or defenders...
It's only a matter of time before the three nominees are messi, Neymar and Suarez.
It should be MSN tbh. Oh well there is always next year. Congrats to neymar. 
But what about Ozil?
Why no Suarez?
suarez's stats in terms of goals and assists should have had him at 3rd. easily the 3rd best player in the world....but FIFA don't like him much
Neymar ahead of Suarez is hilarious.
ITT: strikers, strikers everywhere  

such a joke of an award.  
It's weird how when Messi has a bad year they schedule El Clasico before the voting closes. When Ronaldo has a bad year they schedule El Clasico after the voting closes. Suarez deserves in if El Clasico counted.
Whoops, I confused this with Fallon D'Floor. Shit. 
NOBODY CARES
Neymar should get it.
I stopped taking this award seriously after Thierry Henry never won it in the 03/04 season(you could include the 05/06 season too..for all he did at the WC and the CL. How he never won at least one is a travesty. For a good time he was the best player in the best league in the world and by extension the best player in the world. Scoring n assisting all over the place yet he didn't win. It's like they wanted to give to anyone but him. Heck even when English teams were dominating and winning the European cups(mostly the CL) and everyone else was playing catch up etc... The balon d'or still went to players on the continent(Italy but mostly the big two in Spain etc. I remember Ronaldinho winning ahead of Premier League players in Champions League semi-finals and finals for just playing well in La Liga). Premier League players hardly got a look in, despite at that time having the best players in the world and regularly bossing European competitions. It's always been a Latin centric, Anglophobic award, esp since Sep Blatter with anti England bias took over), let alone when Wesley Sniedjer didn't win it in 2010(despite being instrumental in Inter winning the treble and helping to drag a mediocre Holland to the WC final etc), or how Daniel Sturbridge wasn't even nominated when he was banging them in even more than Messi n Ronaldo, Neymar). Or how bout when Bayern n Germany were dominating and it still when to a Barca/Madrid player etc etc..Confirmed beyond all doubt that its all just complete bullshit.

It's an arbitrary, inonsistant criteria, eurovision like glorified popularity contest. It has no relevance to actual on pitch performances and is more decided by the politics n what the sponsors want behind the scenes. You have to be playing for one the big two in Spain and be south american/Latin to even be considered as well it seems. A utter joke, ppl need to stop assigning such importance to it.
Undeservanaldo penaldo
[deleted]
Shoulda been Messi Lewa Suarez and I hate Suarez
I think it's time for Neymar. 
Is there a chance Messi does not win? 
Can someone tell me how in the hell Fellaini was not nominated? He was pivotal in Man U returning to the UCL and was arguably the best player in the EPL smh...
Neymar should win because he had done everything Messi has done this year plus the last 6 weeks or so
Should be: Messi, Neymar, Ronaldo

Will probably be: Ronaldo, Messi, Neymar
Messi should barely be on there, Ronaldo shouldn't. Neymar is a good one, but the other two spots could have been filled by other players. But what's a Ballon D'Or discussion without Ronaldo and Messi dueling over it? Ontop of a tank full of *a* hungry ~~sharks~~ Suarez.
Good. We shouldn't change our lives because of these utter fucking cunts. 
Nice to see, we cannot let them control us with fear. Hopefully it'll be a good game for the fans. 
Imagine if we smash them like 7-0 how awkward would that be

This is great news, I imagine the game would be followed (or at least reported on) with a bit of interest. 
Good, I've got tickets and can't wait to stand in solidarity. It might be the most minor thing possible to do, but keeping a football match on in face of adversity is a good thing to do. 
I expect at least a tribute for Paris and hopefully Beirut as well. 
I really think we English should come up with some sort of gesture of solidarity. Miles Jacobson (the bloke who made Footy Manager) suggested **everyone** singing the French national anthem, rather than just the [EDIT: ~~English~~] French.

Maybe a crowd mosaic or something. 
Only because it's in England, if it was in France, no chance. Thing is all these comments saying "well done!" "They can't stop us!" Etc. Security and Safety&gt; making a point. If peoples lives are at stake safety should and always will be the priority.
Football: Fuck terrorism, let's continue playing.

Best decision I think and it's going to the most secure place in the UK on match day.



Excellent news. Show these fucks that the world is not afraid of them.
On the same note the Euros are been held in France in less than a years time.   I know you aren't supposed to let these things scare you as that's what they want,  but they do.   It's going to be a very tense time with this attack and the Charlie Hebdo one in the back of peoples minds.
Good, but I hope security is at an absolute maximum.
It might make for a strong sign to call games off, especially classics like England - France and Netherlands - Germany as those 2 teams were affected, but at the end not only should we not let terrorists dictate our lives, it would also serve no purpose. The tragedy already happened, cancelling anything wouldn't help anyone :/
Fantastic. Show solidarity and strength in the face of terror. 

to cancel would've shown that there's fear present. 

I just worry how mentally ready the French players will be but i'm sure neither side will be going gung ho...
The national anthem before the match is going to be very emotional.
Would it be a good idea to go the game as a group of very "Muslim looking" Muslim men? (brown skin, beards, black hair, early 20's etc)  A group of my mates where planning on going to what would have been our first trip to the new Wembley stadium, but we are worried that we may get abused/assaulted by a minority of idiots for looking the way we look.  
I've got tickets to this game so good news. Gonna be interesting. 
I don't usually watch international friendlies because of school, but I'm going to make a point of watching this match! ISIS can suck my long, hard, and circumcised cock
The best way to honor those that died is to live your life to the fullest, without fear.

I cannot wait for this match.

Vive le France. Vive la liberté.
People of Wembley do the world proud, big France Tifo or sing La Marseillaise 
Terrorism can't stop football.
Well done, brave decision. Our peaceful and civilized society should not be stopped because of these vile terrorists.
Christ, gonna be an emotional game I think.
Can't see either set of players being bothered about the result, but if they called it off it would be defeatist.  I'd like to hear the entire Wembley crowd sing La Marseillaise in solidarity with the french though.

,

*marchons, marchons!*
i think there will be some english fans that would secretly want france to win
Good. Criminals don't decide when we play football.
Surely there will be a moment of silence or some sort of recognition for the tragedy that unfolded in Paris. Glad to see that the game is still going to happen, shows that we're not going to let those bastards control our lives with fear. 
Good. Fuck fear. Fuck terrorism. 
Good. We must not let these murderous thugs win
Good, it has to go ahead to show that we aren't afraid of them. The English fans inside the stadium will want to show a lot of solidarity with our French friends.
emotional game for france for sure
Football can help us heal :)
Good
This is great news hope it's a good game with great security I'm sure.
Well done! We can't leave those people who want to disrupt our lives succeed on their terrorist acts.
Good. It's time for the world to unite, instead of living in fear.
The right decision
Well I'm going to this game so I hope they won't be any "surprises" there. The security should much higher than usually anyway. 
Good, we shouldn't let them make us live in fear. That being said this game should only go on if the French team is okay with playing, I can't imagine how they're feeling right now.
These weeks have been a bummer for me.

As a Romanian, I just had to experience one of the starkest tragedies in recent history as about sixty people died and probably more than a hundred were injured due to a fire caused by pyrotechnic elements in an underground club. What's worse about it is that the owners of the club (close friends of my mum) weren't actually given clearance by the Bucharest Fire Department for utilising them in any way or form but they somehow convinced the Mayor of the city's Fourth Sector (bribes I reckon) and his close associates to veto the original decision and thus they were able to legally use pyrotechnic elements inside the club. No more than one fire exit either as the second one was inaccessible and the third one was locked. Of course many of you may not know this as it didn't receive a lot of international media coverage. But what you'll now know is that a close friend of mine was wounded and lost six acquaintances that day.

And now this shit. As for the actual announcement regarding the friendly, I find it absolutely shocking. This was a tragedy, an act of terror, many have lost somebody during the shootings and/or bombings. Why they're continuing to go ahead with a football game when all Frenchmen are mourning for their lost brothers and sisters right now is beyond me.
[deleted]
Pride aside, I don't think this is a wise decision. There are real human lives at peril here, I'm not buying any of this "we have no fear" nonsense.
Christ I hope France just batters them. Would be really moving 
Mixed feelings about this one. I'm happy they didn't budge but I'm just hoping this isn't what IS expected us to do.

They said they're gonna continue so I'm really not 100% comfortable with this.

Edit: Just figured out it's ENG-FRA. Yeah then I have no issues.
Stay away from that game, you could end up coming back in a coffin.
BREAKING: stfu with the breaking
Terrorism such as this will happen very often in the future if we continue to let muslims into Europe. Can you see the difference between muslims and terrorists? No you cant, if you want to be safe don't let them in. 
If i were a muslim i would be highly ashamed of my faith and question what's wrong with it instead of playing the victim role as Islam had nothing to do with this. 
it would be really tragic (and ironic) if France lost tho . . . 
Imagine if that massacre was in Russia, how the FA would have raged about WC2018. Such hypocrites
Great job. Can't wait to see this on Sportbible next week. 
Arsenal need to beat Olympiacos by two clear goals in the final game of the Champions League group stage. Now, where have I heard that before..? *oh yeah beautayyyy*
Great job, but ultimately all you're saying is that Sevilla will win the Europa League.
To make group B even more complicated: PSV can still get first place on goal difference, if they beat CSKA by at least two goals and Wolfsburg and Man United draw. Winning by three goals would definitely put PSV first in this scenario, if they win by two it will come down to goals scored.

Also, if PSV win 2-0 and Wolfsburg draw 2-2, they will be tied on goals scored too and I'm not sure what would happen then.

Edit: [Looks like the next tiebreaker is the number of away goals in all matches](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2015%E2%80%9316_UEFA_Champions_League_group_stage#Tiebreakers), which Wolfsburg would win 3-2.
So in Group B:

If PSV win, they are through.

If Manchester United win, they are through.

As long as both of the above don't happen, Wolfsburg are through.
[Oddly familiar...](https://youtu.be/yFOvldn_IRw)


In Tuesday, watch Wolfsburg vs ManUtd. In Wednesday, watch Chelsea vs Porto.
Not gonna lie, this "Group of death" turned out to be way more fun for us than I anticipated it to be. Now to close the deal boys.
To make it worse, some teams (like Gladbach) might be out of the CL but they're still playing for the EL spot, and the fight for 3rd place is quite tight (and important) in some groups as well.
"Athletico Madrid"
Wow. I didn't realise just how fucked we are.
&gt;[easy](http://i.imgur.com/l9JmpmQ.png)
Can someone forward this to Pellegrini?
I'm may be going crazy but Arsenal's goal difference is -1 and Olympiakos' is -4, right? So Arsenal can win 1-0 and go through on goal difference?
It could be that it's a typo or maybe you were unaware but it's "affect" and not "effect" for image 1.

Just for future reference.
I hope Gent can make it
OP did a tremendous job. Well done!
I was hoping to see something with all the scenarios here soon!
somebody's been learning to use Dot!
Only one goal to keep a Greek team in the next phase of European competitions
&gt;Athletico Madrid

&gt;Athletico

&gt;Athl

AAARGH

*affect
Jeez you sure you made it easy?
Great work OP; you've obviously put a lot of effort into this. Personally I usually build (or download) a spreadsheet then input the results and see what changes. So you could download this - http://exceltemplate.net/download/213/ then input the results so far, and then add your predicted scores to see the situation. 
Why isn't stuff like this in the newspaper?  
Nice work!
Man, of course we are in that group B. Last, and only time ManU played againt us at home, they won so I´m hoping for our squad to fight this time and stay in front instead of letting them get back into a game.
Also hoping for CSZKA to show up for a change.
Cool charts, though I find it odd that you have no problem spelling Mönchengladbach but you fucked up on Atlético and Sevilla.
So pumped for next week.

Porto X Chelsea should be interesting.

But Benfica X Atlético will be the cherry for my eye, especially now that Rui Vitória undestands we need a midfield.
/u/kinetic37 spotted more possibilities for group B

Any other mistakes you spot, or preferred spelling or team names. Reply here and I'll fix it by lunch.
Wow 
That was easy :)
Nice
Neat! Did you do it by hand, or did you use some sort of a tool? As in a tool that would plot the graph itself after you provided it with input, not a 'tool' as in drawing everything manually in ms paint.
I cant wait! SO many awesome teams.
What is the point of playing psg vs rm if it can't change anything?
Crazy that we might end up topping the group with the season we're having. Though I still we are going to fuck it up.
When do you peeps find the time for such things I'll never know! Good for you for spending your free time of the convenience of the nice and civil /r/soccer readers... 
amazing job
So Chelsea can most likely make it through but Arsenal wont in there group
Group B has just given me a headache...
Minor quibble. It should be Sevilla not "Sevile". Even if you'd written "Seville" (which is how you spell the name of the city in English) you wouldn't be quite right, since the city has another club (Real Betis)
Dat group B doe.
Oh wow Group G is wide open.
So you're telling me all Roma has to do is beat BATE Borisov to advance..lol sadly I already know how this is going to play out.. :(
It amuses me that you managed to spell Wolfsburg 3 different ways :D

Nice work, this will come in handy! :)
According to the graphic if we draw with Porto, it can put us either above them if Kiev beats Maccabi, or below them if Kiev draws or loses...

Sorry, but that doesn't make sense at all.
I feel like I need a degree in analytics in order to fully grasp Group B. What a clusterfuck. 
Why do you hate Dynamo Kyiv so much that you spelled it wrong in three different ways?
So it could be possible that there are clubs from 12 different countries in the first round of playoffs. That would be surprisingly diverse.

Countries:

* Belarus: Bate Borisov

* Belgium: Gent

* England: Manchester City

* France: PSG

* Germany: Bayern

* Greece: Olympiakos

* Italy: Juventus

* Netherlands: PSV

* Portugal: Benfica

* Russia: Zenit

* Spain: Real Madrid, Barcelona, Atletico Madrid

* Ukraine: Dinamo Kiev

Then the remaining spots would be for a second English or second German team: Wolfsburg or Manchester United and a second/third English team and a second Portuguese team: Chelsea or Porto.
[deleted]
We could see all 4 BPL sides make it out of the group stage, been a long time since that's happened. 
LETS GO KYEV AND PORTO!


YOU CAN DO IT!
This is great. But it's still confusing as fuck. 
'easy'
athletico madrid............. sevile........... wtf
What is the tie breaker based on exactly? Why isn't it goal differential like in the knockout rounds?
Would be better if you included info about 3Rd place
*atletico
&gt; Easy

&gt; Group B
What I learned today is fuck group B.
Thanks for putting this together. It helps to know what each team has to do, even as situations may change.

I'm shocked that BATE still has a theoretical chance to qualify.  Has any team from Belarus made it into the playoff rounds?
Everyone will say I'm crazy...but.... Chelsea to win the champions league?
Bayern Barca plz 
So this just means we play Barca, right?
Lol group B but c'mon PSV! 
So Wolfsburg has to win and Olympiakos needn't lose by more than a goal. I am ready for rival football 
Do one for Europa League mate! I'm sure it'll be twice the hassle, so many groups so many unknowns
Nice! Can't believe how poor ManU have been. 
Good work op. Tables are easier to understand than your desciptions of them though.
Some of these hurt my brain even though they're put as simply as possible. However, good work op!
I appreciate the effort, but it's still easier to just look at the tables.
When are people gonna get it right. It's ATLETICO. NOT Athletico
Wait, what? Why do Arsenal need to win by 2+ goals to qualify? Arsenal sit at -1 and 6pts while Olym sits at -4 and 9pts... Shouldn't a win just do it? What am I missing here?
Kiev to beat Tel-Aviv and Porto to beat Chelsea :) That would probably the nail in the coffin for Jose?
Forza juve 
Get a job
So many spelling errors. Seems like you had nothing better to do, thanks tho. 
Somebody likes Microsoft Visio 
Well, Augsburg, at least you have the nicest "last six" color scheme!
Nope, you're on your own on this one!
I didn't realise Berlin was doing so well. Are they like the Leicester of the BuLi?
God, Bayern Munich with a 33 GD over 12 games. If you lose by less than 3 goals, you actually are doing better than average.
The collective incompetence of place 3 downwards this year is astonishing. Or "competitiveness", or however you want to call it.

But BVB was 18th just a couple months ago, so I shut up now.
I for one welcome our new Bayernmundian Overlords
[Could be worse...](http://www.worldfootball.net/alltime_table/sco-premiership/)
Haven't noticed that Gladbach was doing so well after their horrible start. And Ingolstadt being 2nd best defense is also not something I would have expected.

Dortmunds offense is giving us some entertaining games, that's for sure. And the defense is trying their best to make them more exciting than they should be.

Still it's just a third of the season, so many other clubs will fight for the CL spots. For me the only Bayern-related interest is whether a club will defeat them this season.
Ingolstadt. Bus parking par excellence.
Great to see Dortmund back this season. Even with the Europa League they are playing lovely football.
I'm sure we'll be fine. Our defense has been solid as rock and our strikers on point.

...
Just kidding, we're fucked.
I think Bayern has outgrown the Bundesliga......
last week bayern was the only dominant team and noone had a chance. Now it's bayern and dortmund. I don't know. Could it be way too early to talk about who will be the next champion after 12 fucking games?
Why is Bayern bothering everyone so much? Just curious... I see anti-Bayern and anti-Bundesliga threads like a religious routine almost every 2 or 3 days.
Meanwhile in MLS there were only 9 points between 1st and 6th place in the west and 11 in the east with none of the playoff spots determined until the last day. It was pretty damn entertaining and I certainly don't feel like I have to justify why it was with excuses like "there's more than the title race to watch for."
Bundesliga is exciting, I wonder who will win..
"They're not monsters, they *monstars*!"

Can't believe no one referenced this classic Silvester quote.
That's very satisfying.  The table is in order of GD as well as points.  I'd love to see the league decided on GD instead of points.  Every goal would matter then and it would force the better teams to attack all the time (Yes this is because watching UTD has become boring).
So question from an American who mainly watches BPL and some MLS. Is the Bundesliga just like La Liga where there is mainly two teams vying for the title and everyone else is happy with finishing below them? I know La Liga is getting better but jesus this table is crazy. 
Does the league being like this ruin it for the fans of the other clubs (aside from Dortmund and Bayern) or not? 
Ugh, that one draw ruining a perfect season
B-but I thought Bundesliga was competitive! 
Looks like I'm a minority guy but I find the race for the title is far from done. It's 5 points atm and those points are 'closer' than you'd expect. Dortmund did drop points by conceding last minute goals while bayern got a lucky penalty against augsburg and won against hoffenheim with a last minute goal. In the end it's 5 points though. 
Then bayern thrashed the bvb at the allianz arena but that is something that happens almost regularly to teams that visit and bayern at home for some reason is a different team than away. Arsenal won their home game against bayern and got thrashed at the allianz arena. Why shouldnt the bvb be able to beat bayern at home? There is a third of the season played, bayern still has to play gladbach which has proven to be a problem for them last season while dortmund already have them beat for the first half. To me dortmund looks just as good as bayern in the buli this season and it feels like people are writing them off because of that big loss. Say barca beats real at the classico and goes ahead with 6 points would people argue la liga is a done deal? 
It's more likely the gap between bayern and the bvb will get bigger than the gap closing or dortmund outracing bayern, but at this stage it's far from impossible.
Meanwhile, Leicester are a point off the top and Chelsea are 3 points above relegation zone.
Love me some parity!
Bayern are always going to score tons.

Save you from Aubameyang more like. He's unstoppable.
Why do some teams have a number after them? 
The top two goalscorers have more goals combined (28) than any other club and the same or more goals individually (14) than nearly half of the table.
Bayern only 4 goals against as well, they're too good
Notice how there is a bigger gap from 2nd to 3rd than from 1st to 2nd.
My question is how are these two teams able to compete with the top tier clubs of the world while facing utter (relative) crap teams?
Bayern has best duo in Europe and it's called Mullerdowski. 25 goals out of 33. 
It's odd. Say what you want about the Premier League's quality but it remains the most exciting league to watch in terms of competitiveness as far as I'm concerned. 
I was always pro the 51% rule (you can't sell more than 49% of your club to some company, very basic description), but when I see this, it's kinda ridiculous. Bayern and Dortmund as well (if they don't fuck up like in the 90s) are not even reachable atm. Only Wolfsburg and Leverkusen can stay with them in the long run, since they have already strong teams, have big companies behind them and what feels like unlimited money supply.  
Some other teams get lucky once in a while, but in the end these are the top 4 teams who will probably always stay on top for the next years. Maybe Red Bull Leipzig will be a contender for the same reason as Wolfsburg and Leverkusen.  
  
So is the 51% rule good? Fuck that. Fuck the "plastic club" stuff. Every club whores out anyways already. But wouldn't it even out the league if every team had some kind of big player behind them? Wouldn't it be more fair? I'm not even sure anymore, as a Hamburg fan I actually don't want to wait for any wonders, we won't win anything in the next 20 years like we didn't win anything in the past nearly 30 years. For all I care, Emirates can invest in my club and I maybe get to see them win another title in my lifetime.  
  
It's just boring to discuss football, once there is a Bayern or Dortmund fan nearby, I'd rather talk about television shows than looking up that high horses anymore. 
La BundesLiga
Borussia M was dead last just recently, now they are 6th. This league is seriously unbalanced.
Bayern have conceded just 4 goals?  That is insane.  Also, Ingolstadt must play the most boring football in the world. 
This is what the SPL used to look like when it was Rangers and Celtic.
i feel like bayern would do that in almost any league, they have been pretty stupid good lately, and super glad barca can't possibly play them till after january. 
Bundesliga AKA Buyernwinslol makes La liga look competitive. 
&gt;w-why doesn't anyone talk about the Bundesliga on this sub?
If you ever wondered why there so much TV money in Premiership, this is your answer. Teams might not be on the same level as Bayern, but league is highly competitive and interesting. Same can't be said for La Liga, BuLi or Ligue1.

You can downvote me all you want, but lack of competitiveness is the reason why only Germans watch BuLi. I'll rather watch the paint dry.
The DFL changed the format of the Bundesliga. Who has the least points after at the end of the season will be the german champion. Too bad nobody told Bayern and Dortmund.
how is a league fun to watch if the winner is determined months in advance?
well, now we know why the tickets are so cheap.  Only 2 league games a year worth watching.
Stop getting whupped by Bayern and Dortmund, would be my advice.
Euro soccer is in dire need of a league and revenue sharing.
**Competitive.**
Shouldn't the red circle go down to -5 at least if it goes to +5? This kinda seems to make it look worse than it is. Whatever it is supposed to show us.
I can't even imagine that the Bundesliga is even fun to watch for Germans that are fans of teams other than the power 2. I am from the U.S where no matter what, every team has the chance to become really great thru drafting players and signing free agents so you can always expect your team to do something (of course considering good management). I just dont see how this could be any fun for fans of the other Bundesliga teams. Dont downvote me, I am honestly curious why?
*Bayerndesliga
this is why this league is hard to watch
Don't worry this is good for Germany football. Just keep watching their games, give them rating, keep it going and then when there is only one game to watch per week come and complain. Down vote button is right there if you can't find it, but deep down you know i'm right. 

That's beautiful
This is the most one sided of the big leagues in Europe. FCB just poaches the players of any other Bundesliga team that dares to challenge them. Even worst that the Scottish league, at least there they have two. 
Bayern Munich are beasts, Lewandowski is unstoppable!
dembele? more like dem*pele*
[AA](https://streamable.com/wn7o)	
[Better angle (though Vine)](https://vine.co/v/eLrDLAeIwKW)
3 in 3 for Moose. This is after scoring about 1 in 80.

I think Poch is the main reason behind his improved form.
insert Larry David gif
He has to start vs. Arsenal. 
what a hit son
I guess I'm a little happy for the national team, just a little
I don't know where we got the clone Dembele from but can we put an order in fora Townsend one?
Mousa didn't want Mkhitaryan to get goal of the week.
His bad foot too
Dembele is in incredible form right now, love it
I've got a boner.
What a fucking goal. I love me a late winner
and this legend has to sit on the bench for fellaini when belgium plays.

Fuck me what a strike! Reminds me of Ibra's wonder goal against Anderlecht in the CL 2-3 years ago.
Moose Droppings
THE MOOSE IS LOOSE
Dembele seems to have gotten his injury woes behind him.  If he can keep up this consistency he may be the most complete midfielder since yaya
Where the fuck did he pull that from! 
I was not ready for this goal. Stunning.
Moose, my fuckin man get in. He's been playing great lately 3 goals in the last 3 games. 
Mousa^a^a^a^a^a^a^a^a^a^a 

#Golazo !!!!!


I'm not even mad.
THUNDERBASTARD
That ball was determined to find the top corner.
Cunted it
Fucking cunted that. 
Minutes after he chubbed another shot with the right foot, I love it.
All three substitutes (Dembele, Son, Onomah) are involved in this goal.
Dembele is proving why he needs another contract with these performances.
Anyone have the full build up play?
I didn't know his right foot was usable all this time he avoid using it, seems like I was wrong.
He must have a foot like a traction engine! 
Dembele Donnerstiefel!
I wanna hump his leg
Savage
Mousa, you absolute god! Definitely deserves to start every game with this form.
I fucking love this guy, what a season he's having. That goal was Scholes-esque, who the hell knew he could do that.
fucking shit i love that man
MOOOOOOOOOOOOSE
If you watch this enough times eventually the commentary starts to sound like a song.
it just kept going up until it hit the net. what a strike
He's got a taste of the goal, now he's hungry for more. 
COYS!
yid army
You gotta see the reverse angle of this. The curl on it is mindblowing
I absolutely lost it
Who is this guy and how did he end up like this?
any chance of the angle from behind the ball? Its delicious.
A little unrelated, but that ESPN score ticker for Europa League matches is god awful.
lovely stuff
It should be illegal to edit a Spanish commentators 'GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL!!!'. Sacrilege. 
Disappointed that the commentator was cut off
Good hit.
yes
Remember the days when Mousa was very one-footed? Apparently those days are behind us.
And ^some spurs supporters were wishing him out in the summer.
For a guy that doesn't score much, he sure has scored 3 goals in the last 3 games. 
No other fans even acknowledge this brilliant goal?
idk how the goalie came out of this unscathed? he smacked the post with his forehead it looks like.
Dam son. 
We're always conceding amazing goals in Europe, remember Mexes' bicycle kick...

Happy for Dembele though, great player when in form
One of the more in form players in the league. Both Europa and Premier.
He's got a foot like a traction engine! 

Twat! 

Both are appropriate here 
My favourite type of goals. Absolute incredible, so smooth
Perfect ball from Son out wide to start the move, he looks so well-utilized with the Spurs
Bloody hell,he's getting back to his Fulham form!
Dembele will never strike a ball that cleanly again in his life.
I'm sure Mike Dean is off somewhere celebrating this one too...  F'n twat...
Whatta *spursy* way to win.
[Don't click](http://i.imgur.com/KNLZyCN.jpg) if you're Dutch. 
Robben to Wolfsburg confirmed.
Muller would fit right in if he were to come to /r/soccer
Bantzdeuter
[quality German bantz](http://polpix.sueddeutsche.com/bild/1.1387801.1355298373/900x600/mats-hummels.jpg)
[talk shit, get hit.](http://img.welt.de/img/fc-bayern-muenchen/crop101745273/6866932965-ci3x2l-w900/as-robben-DW-Sport-Bremen.jpg)
He's such a comedian. 

First Dante now Robben.
Are Germans ever really short on opportunities to mock the Dutch about football?
Müller comes across as the kind of guy who winds his missus up when she's on her period for fun.
What do you call a traffic jam in Holland? A camping ground
I like this guy too much.

I can't imagine a bad day goes by for a Bayern fan.
if not now, when? yesterday you said tomorrow
Goddamnit, why can't i dislike you Müller, you beautiful bastard. I think its only good that we're being ridiculed, would've been bad if it didn't happen. We'll be back! Hup Holland.
The expression 'shit-eating grin' could have been coined for Muller
I see that German and Dutch relations have moved on a lot since Rijkaard added a bit of product to Vollers lovely mullet.
Müller a savage bruh
He should tease Robben about his acting jobs.
Obligatory:
https://youtu.be/oWvKVE6rLI0
🎶 Wenn nicht jetzt? Wann dann? 🎶 
If I had the chance I would do this too
The banter bus has no stops this year! Where willthe next stop be???
HA HA HA...HA HA HA... Hes such a comedian! 
[The good old days!] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ogw8IkX9nF4)
Netherlands would have won 3 World Cups had they won all 3 of their WC final matches 
GB and Ireland 11? Not one Irish player....
I love this fucker
He is a funny fucker
[deleted]
Dae goofy?
Well losing to Palace is just one of those things that has to happen in the world. 
He's managing to get a lot out of this current Liverpool team. It'll be interesting to see who he brings in over the next few transfer windows.
&gt;Liverpool 3 : 2 Wolverhampton Wanderers

Erm, you can't really be giving Klopp credit for winning a friendly played behind closed doors.
[The normal one](https://fbcdn-sphotos-d-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-xlf1/v/t1.0-9/12308638_10208328171788855_6995746416298365467_n.jpg?oh=542b6dc6551e20ff95b5fa5b8b19f94a&amp;oe=56EB5BC0&amp;__gda__=1457330303_d0c6d3b0412c5622ecfdf331490d862f)
Seems like he forgot to reload the save for the game against Crystal Palace.
To all the English fans who are just getting used to the idea of Klopp being in your league, to try and dislike the man is futile. Even when he beats your team, that smile. Have to love him. 
Next game is Newcastle. I'm guessing a lot of goals.
8-3-1 Pretty damn good for a coach since he doesn't have the players he desires 
Guess their streak had to come to an end at some point.
Not even Jurgen can tactically out-manoeuvre Big Man Pards 
How come the Newcastle match isn't filled in as a win?
Ranieri's Lester Sity

http://www.whoscored.com/Teams/14/Fixtures/England-Leicester
What . . . what does it feel like?
not relishing facing these over christmas
Stop it, Klopp
Fucking Palace 
It pains me to say but Liverpool and Spurs have been involved in the most entertaining Premier League games. Even that 0-0 between them had reasonable action.
This season's EPL has been so much fun to watch
I've never loved a man that I've never met in my life this much.
It will be very interesting to see who he brings to the club this transfer window. Could blow the title race wide open.
Looks like what happens when I take over for a manager in FM. 
that *fucking* lose against Crystal Palace, c'mon Jurgen
This isn't even Klopp's squad, this is Rodger's squad. If he's done this much with Rodger's squad, I don't even want to imagine how good his squad will be when he brings in players he wants. 
good luck newcastle D:
Fuh-ckeeng Crystal Palace.
Fucking Crystal Palace
You may as well throw 3-0 against us in there now, before this weekend even happens. 
Uh oh...
Well, that Palace result shouldn't be looked into too much. Liverpool's bogey team for sure, fate has made it so it is impossible to beat them. Liverpool could be 10 Messi's and Neuer and would still lose. 
...Help
Early days....
[How Klopp got to the Kop](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rT660LZ6qkc)
we go again
just gotta love him
massive respect for klopp for what he has done. other top managers wont even think to come to liverpool with there current squad like guardiola or mourinho they all want good squad to begin with. am not saying liverpool are bad side.
There's always a honeymoon period, give it time.
What changed?
As Gooner, fuck...
I love attacking football. Defensive teams and coaches are boring as fuck and should be left without jobs. This is a spectacle after all.
source: whoscored.com
:)
Klopp is a very obvious good, loveable guy, excellent, succesful coach. But does it take this for the BPL to realise the quality of german coaches? 
The approach he has tacticaly is one very widespread in the Bundesliga where counter pressing and strong focus on the midfield and merger of attack midfield and defense into one compact unit is played throughout the clubs.
Why not get more such coaches? Especialy with the money the BPL has at its disposal they should be dominating european football, not just scrapeing by in recent years in danger of droping to 4th place in the club coefficient ranking.
Am I missing something here?
Hate the team (I know it's mutual), but love Klopp.
People will now understand why I was fuming when Rodgers was sacked!!!
Hopefully he learns from his mistakes at Dortmund and comes up with a plan b for when teams start to figure him out
Jurgen Klopp never fails to amaze me.
Looking good boys!
Damn.
I'm not saying we're gonna a win the league, but we're gonna win the league 
There's really only one word for it... Darn.
If teams want to pass out of the next few transfer windows.
Mcclaren will stop them
scary
As a newcastle fan......shit.
I don't know what should surprise me more, that *fucking* Crystal Palace loss they had, or absolutely throttling Southampton.

I guess we'll see what happens when Southampton plays *fucking* Crystal Palace
Sakho was in for Lovren and Skrtel while Sakho in injured.
He never has a good chance of anchoring the next few transfer windows.
There'll be camps for and against some of the next generation of the German midfield.
It's a beautiful thing
for fuck's sake
I honestly can't remember the last time my liverpool-fan buddies were in such high spirits
Whoever says this is just momentum from a manager change, I dislike you. 
That's what can happen when you bring in one of the worlds top managers to replace the myth who said: "Judge me after 3 years" and then finishes 7th, Suarez, 6th. Whilst not forgetting, blowing £300 million of course.
"Fucking Crystal Palace" 
Damn, we dodged a bullet
get Klopped son 
I miss him (Dortmund fan)
thats better than my liverpool ^^^^by ^^^^default
Yes Pards
All i'm seeing is games he should have won besides two....
Hope he goes to Real Madrid 
once he has won a few titles with Liverpool and needs a new challenge, I hope to see him give Barca a look. 
WTF is IUC and ECC? 
Can someone remind me why did we(Real) get Rafa over this guy?
God I live Klopp but I fucking hate Liverpool. It's like seeing your best friend fucking your ex after you have a proper messy breakup.
Breaking: Klopp to replace CR7 on the Ballon D'or Podium!! Extra Extra read all about it!
That's almost Leicester form. ;D
Might buy a 'pool kit some time. Just can't help myself but kinda like them now.

The third kit looks rad. Now only to decide who shall be on it.
Klopp has rejuvenated the side, that can't be in any doubt. Saying that though, surely nearly every match that they've won are games that they'd be expected to win. The two exceptions being the amazing 4-1 away at City and the 3-2 cracker with Wolves.
How much of this could be attributed to the new manager effect? In modern footballing terms, Rodgers was at Liverpool for a while, so it's entirely possible that these games could be a part of the new manager bounce, and that after these results performances could slow down.
Klopp is an amazing manager.. sucks for us that he never showed any interest in RM.
Apart from the very impressive game vs City they are all expected results
Eagles!
Literally no one reacted. Not even him.
It's things like this that make you realise just how good professionals are. That's a center back, traditionally the least "skillful" player on the pitch. 
Even better, he's right footed. 
If only we won games as well as looking good during warmups. :(
Well, we lost 0-6 that day. Still a thing of beauty though.
Would have been cooler if he didn't look at the ball go in the net.  Cool guys don't look at explosions.
Im not sure if you know this guys, but professional footballers are really bloody good.
Fook yeh Danmag
That is filthy.
If that was done in an actual match it may well be the best individual goal ever. That was just gorgeous
Plot twist: his teammates actually applauding him because it was shown on the stadium's big screen
I had a friend some time ago who could pull that trick off (minus the flawless shot on the volley afterwards part).  He'd use it while dribbling to move the ball over a backpeddling defender's head.  He practiced the move like crazy until he could pull it off with regularity.

Much of soccer is practicing little moves like this until you can repeat it at will to perfection.
You do that in the 90 and its the greatest goal ever. 
COME TO NEWCASTLE
You don't have to do that, just be tall, have a pulse and run around and you'll be better than Colo!!
Wow. Everything was just, so simple. 
TIL we share a birthday
It's mesmerizing.
Four star skills?
Sick.
Too bad he can't prevent any.
he should do that more often
How the fuck does he even do that dude, jesus christ.
Am I the only one hoping he hit the kid on the head?
That's actually bloody insane.
that was filthy! 
Nice skills, but that's not special nor wondergoal. If you've ever played football you'd know that a lot of amateurs can do that.
That was so good his teammate started clapping before he'd even scored!
Loved the one that sanchez did a couple of months ago (sorry no gif)
I know not everyone watches football and even if one does, they can't recognise every footballer in the world walking around in normal clothes or in different circumstances other than football, but come on... 

As if you could recognise a terrorist by having tattoos and a mohawk
He looks more like a raider from fallout
[typical Muslim extremist](http://www.forza-roma.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/Nainggolan.jpg)
[Good guy Nainggolan then took a picture with the police who were called on him!](https://twitter.com/_Naoufal/status/666767376520753152)
&gt;Police called as Roma's Radja Nainggolan

FFFFFFFFFFFFF

&gt;is mistaken for a terrorist by hotel guests

oh lol
Benatia, please buy a bunch of "USA" T-shirts and wear them everywhere
luckily he didn't get tackled from behind like James Blake did for standing in front of a hotel
/r/nottheonion
"IT'S BECAUSE I'M BELGIAN ISN'T IT?" 
He looks like a Tibetan monk on LSD to me.

How on earth can you mistake him for a terrorist?
It was probably just some dickhead Lazio supporters that called the police.
After what he did to Rafinha, this isn't too far-fetched.

**Don't kill me, I'm clearly kidding**
Funny how his nickname is the ninja and he's mistaken for an isis member. Maybe they were South Park fans trying to be funny?
With that shit haircut?
As Indonesian reading this made me chuckle. Not only because he has mohawk and tattoos which aren't really muslim extremist's fashion style but also because Nainggolan is a christian family/clan name.
This 'witchunt' for terrorists is stupid and dangerous. I'm worried someone will see me on an unshaven day on the street, assume I'm a terrorist they recognise off Facebook and despense some mob justice on me. Ridiculous.
[Matthias Schoenaerts](http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0774386) was at their table (and is on the picture), they could have recognized his face
The only thing Radja terrorizes is my midfield on Fifa ultimate team 
Oh fuck off you xenophobes.
least he wasn't tackled to the floor and cuffed like some countries do
And this is exactly what terrorists want. For us to turn against our own and live in a constant state of fear. Disappointing.
Nice. Racism.
Yet the Belgian international, whose father was Indonesian, reportedly caused alarm with his hat and tattoos while relaxing in in the Raddison hotel in Antwerp with family.  

I have to say they are some dumb fuck tourists.
Xenophobia wins again... can't we differentiate terrorists from every day, hard working, muslims?
Rafinha sends his regards.
I imagine it was a case of...

"Hey Bob, get over here! It's Nainggolan! He's in our hotel lobby!"

"But Billy, I'm on duty. You know I can't just disappear from work."

"What if we said there was a terrorist?"

"Perfect! I'll grab the rest of the boys, the "terrorism" camera and we'll be right there!"
Isn't he like Asian? Plus he doesn't even look like any of the guys they're looking for.
Seems a wee bit racist.
The long, really really long con.
HE HAS TATTOOS FOR FUCK SAKE!
I really hope the retard who called the police saw them come, take one look at Naingollan, and then ask for an autograph. 
Fuck this judgemental society.
I can imagine someone calling the police on Radja to report an assault, but terrorism? Ridiculous.
This new tactic from ISIS is brutally brilliant. The enemy within. Once this fear catches on in America, we are gonna see them shooting up every Black and Muslim person for miles around them. Hopefully governments do something about this.
It's probably the eyebrows 
Oh my days, Ninja got feds watching
He is a terrorist, because he blew up my heart.....
Mattiello would tell you he is one.
How?? Lol
"Hotel guests" aka Matiello.
Even though people are saying you can't recognise every footballer...this guy is really fucking recognisable. The hair. The tattoos. Come on. 
Well, his tackling should be on the terror watchlist, so no wonder.
I have a full grown beard and I am planning to travel through Europe in December, I am genuinely concerned that someone will call police on me. 
So much racism in this thread, disappointing 
"Those god damn sketch artists..."  

[reference for those missing out](https://youtu.be/G8gYh1pYwQg)
It's an insult for the terrorists more than it is for Nainggolan 
It's common in Belgium, jealousy, it's the biggest disease around here. Probably some poor antisocial guy calling the cops on purpose while knowing it's not a terrorist but Nainggolan.
LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
A terrorist on the field...
It's kind of understandable,  cause the dude is known for his bloodbath and carnage in the field. 
God damn what a ball by Shaqiri
That pass from shaqiri was perfect 
STOKEALONA
Absolutely brilliant by Shaqiri. Been having a field day with Baba Rahman all night long. Class finish from Arnautovic too 
COCKS OUT LADS!
Chelsea never fails to deliver
[More Angles 720p](https://streamable.com/xtpp)
Arnautovic is like zlatan lite
MY FUCKING HOMIES
GUYS IT'S HAPPENING
here for the banter
For fuck's sake
Austrian ibrahimovic making his country proud :)
And /r/soccer is back.
I never dreamed the hater in me could be satisfied so much in only 12 match days 
Terrible defending. Taking nothing away from Stoke though. Excellent team goal.
Shaqiri made that
You know why I'm here. 
Shaqiri is just a joy to watch right now!
I love Astronautovic
Always a great feeling scoring against your league rivals!
MARKOOO FUSSBALLGOTT!
Sexy sexy Stoke
Bye bye bye, bye bye bye Jose
*hue* *hue* *hue*
Chelsea, the gift that keeps on giving 
brilliant commentary!
Very bad defending, it may have been the camera angle but that through ball looked easy to intercept.
damn even stoke can play some beautiful football
Everything about this goal is beautiful starting from Shaqiri
Does anyone have a gif of Costa telling that Stoke player his armpit smells hahahaha 
On one hand, fuck yes! On the other, it had to be Arnautovic who scored... 

Credit given where credit is due, it was a great buildup and a pretty finish. 
That celebration.  Dude was stoked. 
He's gone, shame really.
That was actually shocking defending
Jesus the Chelsea defense still tries being two banks of 4 but gets ripping apart over and over. Plays out of position, no adjustments when attackers switch spots or beat a man. Its incredible/impossible for a Mourinho who were perfect at it last year.
What was Zouma doing? should have cleared it away
hahahahahahahah
...We need Ivanovic
Not seen many Chelsea flairs about in this thread. Are they Arsenal fans now?
welcome to bantercity
Context/Chelsea loss aside, that is still a gorgeous goal.
Nasty serve and nastier finish. Golazo.

Plus it's against Chelsea so it's even better!
Loving the frame rate /u/Fusir
If only the 6 was watching the ball rather than its opponent.
That's some FIFA-like defending right there..Are they even trying anymore?
Nourinho
As much as I hate it, that's bloody beautiful. 
"I have outgrown my will to live"

- J. Mourinho
That's a fucking terrible haircut
Sack Mourinho right away, I'm really starting to believe that an amount of players in the squad are intend to see that.
So fucking depressing, we're playing well for once. Good passing football making chances and we concede this. 
Poor from Zouma and even worse from Azpilicueta.
We are celebrating goals against almost relegated teams now? That's not cool guys. 
Beautiful lead up and shit
Is Walters not deemed offside by the new rules as he played for the ball?
Damn me, that's a very nice goal.
https://comedymends.files.wordpress.com/2011/12/southpark_nice.png?w=584
Uncoachable, eh??
Like a boss
Nice but he's still a knob. 
Shit. Good goal. Bayernesque.

Even if its against relegation fodder its still a damn good goal.
Can't wait for the Chelsea game tbh
There are now speculations that Mourinho will take Louis van Gaal's spot as Manchester United's manager.

He's ruined one team, now he's looking for more. Stay aware of this beast, gents.
Luck
Chelsea was dominating the game some what too. Unfortunate 
Chelsea have stolen our comedy club mantle.

Go forth and procreate.
:')
IT BEGINS
That MLS defending there.
Holy shit. I'm actually starting to feel bad for Chelsea. 
I think that's the lowpoint of Chelsea's season.

It's Stoke. It's Arnautovic. He's got a fucking man bun.

Call it quits Roman.
Now I actually feel bad for them
twat
I can hear Michael Owen's hamstring tearing already. 
So essentially its our 2002-2006 WC/Euro squads with Ryan Giggs and Andy Cole. OK.
"Great Britain and Ireland XI"

Not a single Irish player to be found. More like "Beckhams Mates who were available, but Roy Keane is away with the Ireland team. Can we change the name to just Great Britain? No, it's too late... Fuck"
It's a team full of defenders...
Both XL? Must be a pretty big pitch. 
Let's hope Ronaldinho doesn't miss this game as well
I think we can confidently just call it the England + Ryan Giggs XI.
of course the ref is in fergies column
Is nobody gonna mention how insane Zidane's side is?
Lets hope Ronny doesn't start lobbing seaman again.
most exiting name on this list is pierluigi collina
WOW, so many fantastic players and Landon Donovan
Becks definitely has the fitter team. Neville, Carragher, Terry, Rio and Cole could all be going strong after 90 mins, and Giggs and Scholes should be fine.
Shame no Henry and van Nistelrooy.

Always wanted to see them play together.
Solsjkaer wouldn't look out of place on the GB team, practically half his ex team-mates. 
Why is John Terry in the squad? I thought the relegation battle would be his main concern.
Just Ronaldinho hype.
Edwin van der sAAr? :D
Are and UK TV channels showing this live? 
Is this being broadcast anywhere?
Andy Cole dropped out, anyone know who's going to replace him?


Is Ashley Cole still playing for Roma or did he retire? Haven't heard a single thing about him for over a year now.
'GB and Ireland XI'

13/14 are English. Typical. 
Ballack. Giddy.
Looks Like Beckham is plotting a devilish 6-3-1 formation with his 4 stout CBs
Roy Keane was surely approached to play, but fergie is involved.
How could I watch this from Australia?
RONALDINHO

Don't care if he's old. Dude's a legend and I love watching him play.

Is this televised in the US?
Zidane and Ronaldinho on the same team?
My body is ready.
Team GB...Basically England with Giggs on the left. 
That awkward moment when Landon Donovan asks to play but you already have even sides...
TIL GB and Ireland = England
Is Henry not allowed to participate in these matches?  I can't imagine he isn't getting invited, but that's two in a row like this he should have been in
What a list of World class Players!!! And Nicky Butt.
The pitch will be pretty crowded with 40 a-side
Best name on the roster is Collina
Dear Lord what has Beckham gotten himself into? And how did all his friends agree to such a massacre?
Terry and Rio on the same team? Interesting.
A shame that Shearer was overlooked, he'd still be the best striker on the park. 
Surprised he didn't ask Gary, probably busy with the national team.
Can this be watched anywhere? 
£50 says Ambrosini gets the first yellow 
Any way to watch this live in the US? 
XI*
VdS with Nesta and Cannavaro. Dayyuuum
Landon Donovan?
[deleted]
XL? Just because they retired doesn't mean they got fat, OP.
Michael Owen to wear a wrap-around microphone so he can commentate while playing
who will play lb in World's XL ?
2**0LE**GEND
Is there a way to stream this?
Two things stand out here.. Landon donovan and the legendary collina 

http://youtu.be/DadWNbkfCP8 
Start at 6:00 min mark 
lol nicky butt
[The line ups i think they could play...](http://prntscr.com/91wxmy)
I used to be a sucker for these types of matches - but the level of play and intensity understandably end up being rather low. Don't get me started on when they bring on someone's kid on to the pitch to kick the ball around and the defenders throw themselves to the ground like buffoons. 
I know it's fun to give Landon shit, but he's 23rd all-time in international goal scoring with 57 goals and has over 50 assists as well. And before anyone says anything about the competition, how many goals has Wayne Rooney scored against Andorra and San Marino?

He's also the all-time leader in goals scored and assists in MLS. Sure, he's not an all-time great, but he's not a scrub like most want to paint him because he's American. 

He's scored massive goals in World Cups, won the Young Player of the 2002 World Cup, and has been the face of US Soccer for 10+ years. That's not too bad.
what formation/lineup do you guys think they will play in?
Got tickets for the game and cannot wait for it. So many legends on one pitch.
With Michael Owen being the only striker for GB (Andy Cole pulled out) were going to be seeing David James go upfront again aren't we?
Great Britain solely to include Ryan Giggs. 
On another note I'd still pay good money to see our Euro 96 squad again, fuck me we were good
Why is there a porn star on David Beckham's team? 
Also I saw Sol the other day, he had trouble finding a switch for a door. Not sure if he's up to this...
Andy Cole actually dropped out
Best hope van der Saar doesn't get injured, or Rio will have to swap teams and go in goal
Hey Becks, since your playing Ashley Cole more than us, want to subsidize his wages??
Where can we watch it ?
This is a must watch.
What time is the match on? It's my birthday Saturday so hopefully I can watch it before I go out. 
watch Carra fuck up Owen at some point during that match
headbutt incoming!
is this game going to be broadcasted?
my childhood in a nutshell 
Hollllllllly hell
Collina reffing yesssss
They should have made some legit way to watch this for $. 

It would have been a nice excuse to support Unicef. 
Makes me sad that Gazza is not and probably cannot be in that team :(
What impresses me the most is that they got fucking Collina as ref
It's a shame Roy Keane's relationship with his Manchester alum is how it is. He would have been a great addition. 
Jon Flanagan's playing in the world X1
Figo Hype
Andy Cole won't be playing, he's been in hospital after his liver shut down.
I'm surprised to see Phil not Gary Neville.
Ireland? But there is not one Irish player 
World XI is gonna whip some Great British ass
Are these games played normally or are there different substitution rules?
where's gerrard and lampard?
2006 WC All-stars
Odds on Owen getting injured?
http://www.espnfc.com/barclays-premier-league/story/2710001/rio-ferdinand-wont-team-with-john-terry-in-reunion-match

Where can we stream it?
Becks Team : Man Utd plus Seaman, Campbell, Terry and Carra
zidane-ballack-viera-ronaldinho, good luck boys
woah, collina as ref as well!
England side looking a little light with only four attacking players.
holy shit
Anyone have any idea where we can watch this game in the US?
Going to this tomorrow. Should be good.
Holy shit, that World XI looks absolutely terrifying.
I see ireland and Scotland are well represented... 
Gary Neville should commentate at the very least 
Oh,  XI rather than XL(40). That makes sense. 
Zidane, more like heads down 
Is this on tele? 
Is there even any doubt which team is better?
Just seen on Sky Sports that:
Rio
Andy Cole
Canavarro
Nesta
Ambrosini
All aren't playing. Interesting to see who comes in! 
Does anyone know at what time it starts and what channel I can watch it on?
Fuck. How awesome.. And they not gonna show it on TV..thats a shame
Lol the Zidane squad is stacked as fuck. Well, 10 years ago.
I wish these were the 2016 CL final teams what a game it would be
Van de Sar
Cafu, Ambrosini and Nesta in a team coached by Carletto. Oh my feels. 
Wow, a 40 vs. 40 match sounds exciting!
Terry and Ferdinand playing together? Should be interesting. 
Ronaldinho Viera and fucking cafu? 
Stoked.

Two things. World X1 should easily win, and unfortunately, Carra might have to suck it up and play at fullback. 
i'm so happy that on the world xi team, we get to see a lot of legends from the new world! Including the Ronnie O Rei Ronaldinho, the express train Cafu, the Tobago monster Dwight Yorke!

and then there is donovan 
Obviously, Donovan is invited because he and Becks developed such a close friendship in LA.
XL≠XI
What do you think XL means?
Donovan is on the team due to " the Beck's" owning a US team. This is a fundamental growth point for the mls. That's all folks
Of course the ref is on Ferguson's side.
Donovan
LANDO!!!!
TIL: Euros bagging on Landon Donovan because American!

Landon Donovan 5 World Cup goals, 24 Fifa tourney goals    
  
David Beckham 3 World Cup goals, 8 Fifa tourney goals  

Let's check the rest of the team:  
Sol Campbell 1 World Cup goal  
John Terry 0 World Cup goals  
Phil Neville 0 World Cup goals  
Rio Ferdinand 0 World Cup goals  
Jamie Carragher 0 World Cup goals  
Ashley Cole 0 World Cup goals  
Nicky Butt 0 World Cup goals  
Paul Scholes 0 World Cup goals  
Ryan Giggs 0 World Cup goals  
Michael Owen 4 World Cup goals  
Andy Cole 0 World Cup goals  

Maybe England "Legends" should stop shitting the World Cup bed before you mock an American player who shows up far more consistently on the world stage than your side. 

Try not to choke too much while you mock me. 
Holy shit some of these people are gonna be struggling to get through the first half
No Ronaldo (the Brazilian), but Donovan is on there?! Why?
donovan seems really out of place
It's official: DONOVAN is world-class.
ROFL Landon Donovan.
Did Donovan cry his way onto that team?
Did someone cancel that they had to ask Landon Donovan?
You mean XI? Or maybe u meant it to be XL. 
It's just me who's troubled by the title ?...
God what I'd give to watch Phil Neville in his prime 
GB and Ireland? Ehhh I see a lot of England and a Welshman but no Roy Keane, no Robbie Keane, no Shay Given. And the excuse isn't hey they are still playing because Terry and Ashley Cole are still playing. Like they are putting a 50+ year old David Seaman in goals and not Shay Given who has been bossing the premier league for years and doing well on the international scene. Robbie Keane has more goals for his national team than Owen or Cole probably even more than both put together. 
Fucking landy cakes...
I can't wait to sing some sweet tunes to John Terry from the stands.
Is this going on TV in the US? If not, where do I stream?
XI not XL forty and eleven are mad different
I dot get r/soccer. This is the most pointless match ever and it gets a lot of up votes. 
You mean XI, not XL.

XI is 11, XL would be 40?
I feel like they picked Donovan out of pity
Not a big Donovan fan at all, in fact, can't stand him. Talent wise, he has no business being on the same field with those guys. This was a sympathy pick by Beckham. Funny enough, they put him on Zidanes side. I can see the conversation now between Beckham and Zidane, "You take him. No, you take him. OK, paper, rock, scissors, lizard, Spock. Shoot!"
Any idea how to watch it in the US?
5 players from Arsenal :)
That's absolutely quality
I'm gonna have to learn Spanish, entire league of banter I'm missing out on here.
As good as the banter from /r/soccer is about this incident, the banter from Spanish teams and players is even better. 
That's fantastic. Genuinely cool and clever of them to do. Good move by the team/social media manager.
Cadiz FC is my new favourite third ~~second~~ division team!!! When the crowd was signing "Benitez, bring in De Gea" I was laughing so hard.
LOS BANTEROS
Real Madrid is becoming a laughing stock
So, it's confirmed. Madrid is out of copa del rey?

Edit: Yeah, it's a domestic match. Sorry.
http://i.imgur.com/99i3hS2.gifv
Banter train has no breaks.
"Unverified" the player is tied up, what's to verify? Lol
[**@Merida_AD**](https://twitter.com/Merida_AD):
&gt;[2015-12-03 16:20:08 UTC](https://twitter.com/Merida_AD/status/672450252285345792)

&gt;NOSOTROS YA LO HEMOS ATADO..
&gt;No queremos sustos.... Jonhy seguro no jugará el Domingo.
&gt;
&gt;[*youtube.com*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OvTEmdFPYEA) [*pic.twitter.com*](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/CVUF8JXXAAAnx_v.jpg) [^[Imgur]](http://i.imgur.com/dnbcNY9.jpg)

----

[^[Mistake?]](/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&amp;subject=Error%20Report&amp;message=/3vau30%0A%0APlease leave above link unaltered.)
[^[Suggestion]](/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&amp;subject=Suggestion)
[^[FAQ]](/r/TweetPoster/comments/13relk/)
[^[Code]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster)
[^[Issues]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster/issues)

I'm not even mad. That's hysterical! 
Damn, this has got to be the most hilarious thing i have seen a lub pull in social medias. Actually, most of the reactions both from Cadiz fans and from other club's fans and management have been hilarious
Spain has been producing quality trolls for a while now
La Bantera
11/10
Urrrm, bit of context anyone?
I wish our media department was this creative. 
 . . . god dammit. 
Los Nandos Picaros
We should be thankful for Real and Chelsea for providing us with fuel for top quality banter
This is so dumb, all they have to do is not mention to the players that they are suspended and then they can play. Article 41 says so!
Mejor chiste
Me gustan estos Banteros!
Possibly the best banter ever.
I fucking love it!
Top bañts.
Madrid are gonna hear about this for a while aren't they?
I'm ashamed that I only just got this.
That is their captain too
I only hope they have the tied up player at the press conference trying to answer questions.
...
Lmao
Holy shit. This is amazing.
Now that's what I call banter.
Top Banter!
Today, I become a loyal Barca fan. &lt;3 MSN &lt;3
Ayyy
This was the J.League Championship stage semi-final. Winner advances to play Hiroshima in the final. Gamba scored twice in the final 3 minutes of extra time to win 3-1.
It was all an elaborate ruse to confuse Urawa. 
Self-imposed counter-attack. The new revolution in football tactics.
Does the goalie try to overhead kick the backpass?! I can't tell which limb is which!
Football. Bloody hell!
I thought Gamba Osaka was a player, which would've made the title even more insane. Still pretty sweet.
"Yeah I meant to do that"
Japanese commentary is beautiful!
this is like that watford game where the guy missed a penalty then watford scored
God, I miss the Japanese commentators from old soccer games like winning eleven.

SHOOOOOTOOOOOO!
That flying kick try by the keeper though, something out of the anime world
Counter attacking themselves... I like it.
[deleted]
For those who are not understanding of Japan's soccer league format you can always try the [wikipedia.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2015_J1_League)

It's something like an extra knockout stage after the league has ended. Technically you could win the 1st stage, tank the 2nd, end up mid table and still represent Japan at the Club world cup. 
Smash it into your own post, then ride the rebound into a counterattack. This is Rocket League basics.
Man I can only dream my Osaka club performs at the same level :P
I love football
Good spot by the keeper though. Nice ball out considering.
All according to keikaku.
I want to watch all my football with Japanese commentators.
I wish they had the Japanese league or national team in FIFA so I can get familiar with the teams and players.
/r/jleague
How to distract your opponent: lesson no. 1
Calculated.
Japanese always seem so passionate about sports. I love it.
Everything is more intense in Japan. 
Gamba at the top of /r/soccer, and I'm too busy recovering from my heart attack to notice until now!
Urawa, along with Yokohama are the ultimate choke artists of Japanese football. Its amusing they had to introduce this Championship playoff thing to give them a shot of winning the title. There is no way they have the mental capacity to do this over 34 games now. 
Everything worked as planned.
NANTO!!!
So I don't think it is a nice city to hang about out in.
i need to watch more nihongo football
That passion though... so happy for Japanese football
That pass by the keeper to start the counter though.. So many keepers would just hack the ball clear in such situations.. 
Looks like all that pachinko practice paid off.
/r/illuminati/
That's incredible!
It screams Shaolin Soccer.
Im thinking about doing an Asian Champions League away game next year. Hoping we draw one of these two teams.
Well that's one way to set up a counter attack.
This is that Watford - Leicester type of shit
Loved the japanese commentary.
This brings back so much Winning Eleven memories. SHUTOO.
Feels like playing those Winning Eleven games after hearing that commentary
Best counterattack I ever seen. 
They're one of the world is it wrong?
For the love of the game!
Straight from the training ground.
Here's a link for anyone else that has to be without the JLeague for too long.
You mean he's on a big striker to just save it.
Looks life a real life version of FIFA.
Man I should really start following Japanese football. 
Its not really that hated.But maybe it has to be some of the anime world I like it.
Insane
Back when Fox Soccer Channel was a thing here in the US they aired a J.league highlight show every week called "Ganbare!". I loved getting to know the different teams. I remember being a casual Kashima Antlers fan. Anyway, glad to see some J.League on here, reminded me how much I used to like it.  
Just wondering, is this actually a counter-attack? They had the ball in defence and kept it as they went up the pitch. The opposition didn't really seem to be going to attack, they were just pressing. So I don't think it is a counter-attack.
wow.. The Japanese league seems to be of pretty good quality if the way they pass the ball and coordinate on this streamable says anything. Unexpected cause you barely hear about it over here.  
holy fuck lmao
All of their home games, they're generally seen as one of these two teams.
what a fucking strike!
A goal so good you could base an economic system off it.
Invisible hand pushing that one in
That camera angle of so satisfying 
*Insert economics related joke here*
What a great strike for his first Premier League goal! And what a great finish this match is going to have with the controversial calls and constant pressuring. 

EDIT: When I said there is going to be a great finish, I definelty did not expect that. What a match! 
[AA](https://streamable.com/c3fp)	
Worldie of a goal but holy shit how much space did he have? You could see he was lining one up for ages...
Bournemouth love a screamer don't they?
Reminds me of Pogba's goal against Udinese.  What a fucking strike
That ball went exactly where Smith wanted it to go

What a strike
Absolutely smoked that right in the postage stamp.
Horrible defensive work by Arouna Kone. He didn't even try to close the angle.
Surely a contender for goal of the season thus far. What a strike!
He really Capatalized on that chance
I enjoyed this far more than I did *The Wealth of Nations*.
Reminds me a lot of Darlington Nagbe's GOTY in 2011 [Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vTzTjP1Na0o)

Edit: year
Loved how he didn't waste a second celebrating. The whole team were straight back in position waiting for Everton to kick off again.
Was F5ing for this gif! 

This is such a beautifully finessed shot. 

Amazing goal.
knew that was going in as soon as he set it up
That's one hell of a strike 
wew lad
Perfect camera angle
EDIT When I said there is going to be a great finish this match is going to be a great finish this match is going to be a great finish, I definelty did not expect that.
Goal of the week
I swear there's an insanely high correlation between fullbacks and incredibly shooting ability 
Nice of the Everton attackers to move out of his way so he could see the goal clearly.
Oooooh go on Adam!
Another Spurs product.
That's going into the fap bank 
Goal of the week for sure. Amazing shot!
Great strike! Good little comeback for AFCB.
You know when you're watching a highlight and you see the possibility line up and you think to yourself "Nah he's not really gonna make it is he?" - And then he does make it and you yell out audibly in surprise. Well, that's what happened to me here.
EDIT When I said there is going to have with the controversial calls and constant pressuring.
Sure that was a wealthy shot
This is gonna get some serious upvotage.
He looked shattered after it! 
Beautiful strike

Everton players stood off, obviously didn't think he had that in his locker!
Holy crap.. This is soo sweat, deserves 2k up votes!
Absolutely atrocious defending. Nobody even attempted to close him down. As a defender, this makes me cringe hard.
Need to close him down there, just ball watching but great strike to punish
Just like Adam Smith in his prime...
God ! I love BPL broadcasting ! They always happen to have their cameras at the right angle.
What embarrassing defending. Everyone just standing there waiting for someone else to close him down. 
WTF was Kone doing?!
The whole team were straight back in position waiting for someone else to close the angle.
The Father of Corner Goals. 
Oh my days what a fucking strike Bournemouth love a screamer don't they?
fuck me I can watch this over and over again. What a strike.
Fucking twatted it! Go on you beauty 
And what a fucking strike!
TIL sylvin distin is still playing
I mean I know Vardy broke the record but I still have no idea how this isn't the top post in this subreddit. I had to change my pants twice. 
Am I crazy or do they score more wondergoals than anybody?
Beautiful 
Great goal. 
get fuckedddddddddd
So when did Suarez come back to England?
Oh my days what a fucking goal!
The [picture](http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2015/11/06/19/2E2F058C00000578-0-image-a-1_1446838216874.jpg) that was used.
The article did a lot of explaining about what cryotherapy is and why it is used, mentioning that many athletes incorporate it to prevent muscle soreness. Using a picture of an athlete in cryotherapy seems like fair use. 
What the fuck...
This is the same CNN who use Lamarcus Aldridge picture when talking about Lamar Odom
Franckony Riberytano
/r/soccerbanners PLEASE
Should have posted a picture of Han Solo.
/r/nottheonion
Anything that hurts CNN is welcome.
Oh CNN.... Never change please
Franck doesn't have a leg to stand on in this one
Wtf why would they use a picture of him? Pretty funny though, reminds me of the nazi schweinsteiger doll
It COULD be used for charity or medical research, but really it'll just be used for more underage prostitutes 
WTF are the damages he is suing for?  The American legal system isn't there to put people in better positions than they were in before.  It's there to make people whole. Does he think people think the MAN in the picture is the WOMAN who died?  If so, how in the fuck is that worth 1.5 million?  Fuck this guy.  I hope he loses and I hope he has to pay CNN's legal bills.
Ok wtf is wrong? First a solider doll named Bastian, now this with Franck, our legends are not advertising models. Next we'll see Lahm in a commercial about tweezers and Mueller's photo in a "How to take care of your curly hair" article in a women magazine
You'd think he'd just be happy to be alive.
Get 'em Franck!
That title though... a wild ride from start to finish.
Reminds of this one: Bacary Sagna looking for his ["cannabis treasure"](http://www.101greatgoals.com/blog/an-rt-article-on-cannabis-treasure-in-italy-uses-picture-of-ex-arsenal-man-city-defender-bacary-sagna/)
It will be a cold day in a cryotherapy chamber before he sees a single franc. 
So a young editor fucked up I'm guessing and a multi-millionaire wants massive damages. FFS.
Why does it always have to be money? He could just demand a public rectification and be done with it. He should be better than that imo.
thats for all the bonuses he's missing at bayern
Ya...lol. Good luck with that.
Get money, fuck children.
I just came across this headline for the second time. I thought it was an ambien dream the first time. 
This is pretty funny actually :D
Is Ribery Mr. Freeze from Batman or something? 

I always thought he was more of a Joker 

"D'ya wanna know how I got these scars?...."
This just doesn't happen in tennis.
I don't care what happens either way, but money annoys me. He has probably been paid 1.5m while injured.
I hope Franck wins by a landslide if this is something even debatable at this point. Wrongful picture used to associate something awful...CNN deserves to be punished. 
cool
[deleted]
I hope he gets the money. CNN has been a disaster for over a decade now. Terrible organization. 
[deleted]
the most important channel in the world. 
Damages.
HAHAHA Fuck CNN!
CNN really shit the bed on this one.
Obviously they should have asked his permission. But how exactly do they decide that $1.5 million is a fair settlement? Seems kind of random.
He suggests he will give it to charity or medical research. I think the media need to have some checks on their dumbest behaviour, especially these days when they can ruin lives and careers so easily.

Ribery has good justification to to be upset, CNN didn't have the right to cause his upset.
Bundesliga.de did a [video](http://www.bundesliga.de/de/bundesliga-tv/bundesliga-tv_390583.jsp) on Chicharito getting the Player of the Month. The things they mentioned apart from the general great performance on the pitch include: 

* He's highly appreciated by his teammates and coach for being professional, friendly and down-to-earth. 
* He is setting records as a Mexican player in the BuLi which is something historical. 
* He scored 10 goals in 9 competitive games for Leverkusen.
* He averages one goal shot every 24 minutes and one in every five shots goes in.  

Player of the Month is not a huge, strict award. For a player who only came to Germany at the beginning of September and is already bailing out his club, which hit an unexpected rough patch, left and right by November, a little appreciation and admiration is not exactly outrageous. Bundesliga frequently recognizes players whose performance gives their club a huge boost during a certain period over the absolute top players, otherwise Lahm would have won 80% of any "player of the week/month" in the last 10 years. Seriously, people here are giving the award the meaning it wasn't intended to have to talk down the performance of a good player because he has passionate fans from his home country? /r/soccer, that's twisted.
[yo quiero ser como el Chicarito...♪♫ ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=94FOlBC8uAY)
http://www.quecrack.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/IMG_0268.jpg
FIFA shouldn't have announced the top 3 for Ballon d'Or already then, Chicha got robbed
Wish we had signed him.
Finally, the greatest striker of our time is getting the recognition he deserves. [We are all witnesses.](http://i.imgur.com/TL363B2.jpg)
Is this fan voted? Don't see how he beat out Aubameyang or Müller on merit.
Chicha is love. Chicha is life. 
CHICHADIOS
[¿Llego tarde?](http://i.imgur.com/uswumoy.gifv)
I am really happy for Chicharito. He finally found a team that he can unleash his full talents. 
Really happy for him.
And we can't buy a goal. Im thrilled for Hernandez. He was always one of my favorites during his time as the club. He deserves everything he is getting right now. Keep it up Chicharito!! N
I have an image of Chicharito kicking Lewa and Aubumeyang standing over them shouting, "Is there no one else!?!?"
Best player in the world right now.
He's the closest thing to Pippo Inzaghi, Mexican style.
The greatest player of our generation 
He did good this month not only for club but also for country. Yeah couldve easily been aubemayang, muller, lewandowski? But theyve been here longer and perhaps have had this title a number of times so for those who dont agree with this just remember its only a month award. 
[**@Bundesliga_EN**](https://twitter.com/Bundesliga_EN):
&gt;[2015-12-03 19:01:37 UTC](https://twitter.com/Bundesliga_EN/status/672490890171142145)

&gt;PLAYER OF THE MONTH
&gt;
&gt;@bayer04\_en's @CH14\_ named November's best [*pic.twitter.com*](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/CVUq5rsUsAASHGt.jpg) [^[Imgur]](http://i.imgur.com/hJKVzgK.jpg)

----

[^[Mistake?]](/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&amp;subject=Error%20Report&amp;message=/3vcdeq%0A%0APlease leave above link unaltered.)
[^[Suggestion]](/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&amp;subject=Suggestion)
[^[FAQ]](/r/TweetPoster/comments/13relk/)
[^[Code]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster)
[^[Issues]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster/issues)

Very happy for the lad. He was a great team player for us, and maybe not what the club/staff deems right for our system, but fuck it. Great lad, wish him the best.
How? what about Bayern and Dortmund tearing up the league
Chicha winning player of the month in Germany, Di Maria doing really bloody well in PSG...if Falcao was doing well i would be fully triggered atm.
Siguen ladrando los perros, señal que voy avanzando!
Thought it was going to be Aubameyang.
But Chicharito is fine too. He's doing a great job at Leverkusen.

Then I heard it was fanvoted. So yeah - Imagine if we'd see a mediocre chinese guy playing in the Bundesliga. He'd be man of the season.
I think he scored more goals than anyone in that time and probably carried Leverkusen on his own, so why not.


Just goes to show that the Mancs were holding him back. And they used to say that he was better than Suarez 😵
:'(
fml

https://imgflip.com/i/v7jkx
I'm glad Chicharito has gone somewhere else other than united to play football. He is a class footballer and I feel like united didn't start him enough to help him develop as a player. We are already seeing what he do when he starts games! (I think he is starting games anyway I don't keep up with German football)
Sometimes I wonder how great a striker has to be to perform well under LVG...
Something something Real Madrid's strikers 
"nicht zum letzten Mal Spieler des Monats." hoffe schon :)
congrats to the pea and méxico!
el tigre esta en mi casa de bigote porque bigote del tigre es crudo
so happy for him :)
Funny, when I said Arsenal should try to get him as an alternative I got downvoted to hell... Always been a fan of this guy.
Why not world class? Obviously he's not a giant, but the man has held his own and shined with Chivas, man u and real when given the opportunity. He's kicking ass in Germany now too. While I do think he is a little over hyped, I also think too many people like to hate on here and don't give him the credit he has earned.
Silly Man Utd.
Hate LVG so much
ChichaFhurer!!
Completely undeserved, but it will please the Mexican fanboys
I wonder how United feel about this 

Please......no
always rated this guy highly. i would have loved to have him at arsenal as a impact player. pity lvg couldnt see his worth
son of a bitch LVG
When a player has more followers than Manchester United. This is expected 
We have that award? Huh, never knew. 
This must partially be a joke thread. 
Has to be the most over rated player in human history. 

The perks of being from a country whose populace will hero worship you irrespective of how good a player you actually are
Sad day to wake up as we prepare for today's playoff against Norway. He had over 20 games in the NT, and our last goalkeeper in the Premier League. I remember when he was up against Gordon at Sunderland and did a really good job. The last time I heard about him he was saying he was doing better and wanted to get back to football. This is just a shock. May he rest in peace. Horrible day.
Bloody hell, didnt even know he was ill. We had him on loan very briefly.

32 is no age to die.
He was with us for a bit, fucking hell. This is crazy. RIP big man.
Cancer really can fuck off.
Served him a few times at our local supermarket when he was at Ipswich. Always polite and struck up conversation, and knew I was an Ipswich fan so asked for opinions about how the club was doing etc. (This was under Roy Keane, so I had to lie a little bit!) and he performed heroics in the league cup game against Arsenal! 
R.I.P
the guy did city a fucking solid back in 2010, top fella. 
Such a shame, that's no age to go. Knew he had cancer a few years ago but thought he got through it. Seems not... :(

Was a decent Goalkeeper for us.

R.I.P
Damn, never played for us much but still... Cancer can fuck off
That's terrible news, cancer really is a shit disease. He was considered a bit of a cult hero among Arsenal fans for helping us finish above Spurs a few years back. RIP.
Met him when we signed him on emergency loan, was very sound and signed my program, gutted :(
How very sad, always used to buy him on football manager when I got promoted and remember him from the cup game we had against Leicester where they allowed our keeper to score:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sAMK7EMKMx4&amp;list=PL8678CAF1360DC33F
Jesus, RIP. 

That's a real shock, it was only about 3 years ago he was playing against us for West Brom. 
Is this true? Usually when things like this happens, his wikipedia is instantly updated but hasn't. Is he really dead? I'm actually really sad :( RIP
He pulled of some top top saves in his career such a shame to lose him this young
Rest in Peace. Terrible shame really didn't realise he was still so young 
On the Sunderland forums there is a lot of shit said about ex players (sometimes rightly so) but not Marton. He wasn't a world beater but he was solid and above all else, he was a professional. He sat on the bench a lot but you would never hear that he was disrupting the dressing room or upset with his position. He genuinely seemed like a man who understood how privileged he was in life to just be sitting on a Premier League club's bench. It's terribly sad that he has passed away with the rest of his life ahead of him and even sadder that the world has lost someone who has the right and admirable attitude to live in it. Sadly, A lot of the current first team at Sunderland will never have the mental maturity and humility that you did. RIP Marton Fulop 
Aged 32, that's depressing as fuck. Just so sad.
I don't know why but I've always had fond memories of Fulop, he always seemed a very genuine, affable guy and a good keeper as well. 

He came to Wembley last year and happily stood on Wembley way having his photo taken with our fans for ages, a lot of friends saw him that day and said how lovely he was. 
Rest in peace! Greet Miki Feher and Gabor Zavadszky in Heaven :( :(
that's horrible, my condolences. fulop was solid on fifa back in the day
Awful news, it's a cliche but that really is no age. 

RIP and thoughts with his family.
Fuck cancer... 
Damn. I wasn't even aware. Did recall him two days ago when I was trying to remember the keeper that City brought on loan for 2-3 games when all their keepers were injured.
So very sad, 32 is such an awfully young age to die at. Thanks for your time at Sunderland, RIP. 
rip :( 
That's shit. RIP Marton. Heart goes out to the family.
Remember him performing heroics for me on FM. RIP
Very sad new, I didn't realise he was so young. RIP.
I was just reading about the passing of Tomasso Trani, a former youth team goalkeeper for QPR, and it left me rather downhearted. This has only compounded the sadness, tragic news.
RIP. A true boyhood hero. Being Hungarian and living in Britain, he was a player I always looked up to.
Hopefully someone finds a cure for cancer as soon as possible. It really pains me to see people dying due to cancer. Can anyone give me an accurate estimate of how far we are at this stage to find a cure for cancer??
Leicester fan here. Marton Fulop was brilliant for us, a shining light in what was an absolute shambles of a club at the time. He was a huge fan favourite and it was gutting that we couldn't get him on a permanent contract because make no mistake about it; he was the best keeper we'd had in years and we wanted him to stay. Things like this show you how insignificant football really is but also shows how football brings everyone together at times like this and collectively remember the great things players did for the sport. RIP Marton Fulop. 
Well that's shit. Great keeper, should have played more.
shit, I didn't even know he was ill...
Sky reporting this now :(
It's always horrible to hear about players dying when they still have so much to offer. (This applies to everyone I guess).
Awful news, didn't even know he was ill. Cancer is shite! 

RIP Marton.
Holy fuck I didn't even know he had it

RIP
Very sad news. May he rest in peace. Prayers up to family and friends. 
Fucking hell I remember him coming in for us for like 2 games on emergency loan when all our keepers were injured and doing quite well. RIP Marton 
This is incredibly sad.  I remember him when he was at Sunderland. RIP.
I wonder if I'll still be here to tell my cancer to fuck off by this time next year..
Used to love this guy purely because of his funny name. Didn't have a clue he was ill, I always thought we'd see him again as Chelsea third-choice keeper for some reason.
Rip, horrible news. Seemed a genuinely good guy. 
Wow. Really shocked by this one. Likewise, I had no idea his life was in the balance following the cancer scare in 2013.

I remember spending a season or two watching him play for Spurs Reserves. Always seemed like a strong and calming force in the area and I really fancied his chances of stepping up to the first team. He even signed a couple of team sheets for me when I asked. Struck me as a good guy.

Very sad loss. RIP Marton.
Sad to hear this news :( RIP 

Still remember him at the Albion
Shit that's horrible! RIP
Rest in peace, Marton!
It's always a shock when still so young. RIP.
RIP, so young :( thoughts go out to his family.
Poor guy
RIP :( 
So sad, RIP, fuck this evil illness. I never heard of arm tumors before, a very unusual location and quiet scary. Does anyone has more infos on the type of cancer he had? Bone cancer?  
Shocking sad news. RIP
Proper shit news. RIP
RIP didnt even know he was sick
once city always city


Rest in peace mate
That is horrible, RIP Marton :( 
This was such a shock didn't even realise he had it
He was awesome for us, and he got stuck in when it looked like he was going to be No.2. He obviously proved otherwise and had some key performances for us. He was always kind in interviews and in person. Really guttered right now about this, hope your family and friends are OK. RIP
Could someone explain to me how you die from cancer in your hand?

I always thought that cancer just destroys organs and thats why you die afterall. Couldnt a hand just be amputated instead of - well dying?

Dont want to be a cynic, I just dont understand it at all.
Only played one game for us but he was still a Baggie. 32 is way too young.
It's saddening to hear, just five years ago I remember watching him play for Chesterfield. RIP Marton.
What kind of cancer was it?

Sad news. Very young.
RIP
RIP
Absolutely terrible, thoughts and prayers are with all his family and friends
Horrifying that people die from cancer so young.
RIP Márton Fülöp. The tributes to him today seemed to go above and beyond the usual soundbites. Seemed like a genuinely decent chap. The tribute I heard on Sky Sports News today from Niall Quinn was extremely moving.
cancer can fuck itself right in the ass
Who the fuck would downvote this?
i despised him since his performence vs arsenal on the last day of the season a few years back  but football probably shouldn't even be mentioned in a thread like this as it's insignificant in comparison 

it's incredibly sad and my heart goes out to his family. really shocked by this. had no idea he was even ill
You gifted Crouchy our Champions League ticket. We will forever love you for that Marton, RIP. 
Horrible news. RIP.
Fucking hell. At the age of 32 he could easily still be playing professionally.
Very sad.  Dammit. 
May he rest in peace. For those wondering how you can get cancer so young; common cancers that affect men in their 30s are usually leukemias/lymphomas, testicular cancer and more rarely bone cancers such as sarcomas. Not sure which one he had but likely a leukemia or lymphoma. Really unfortunate I must say. 
RIP...and FUCK Cancer
I hope he lived a good life in his pro footballing career. Escorts every other night
RIP. 
Such a sad news,,  Cancer is such a random killer..  Fuck Cancer
fuck cancer
Wow, very sad to hear this. Fuck cancer, man.
BDE
Another goalkeeper with cancer. Do any fans know if he had regular practice/warmup/matches on artificial turf?
[Streamable](https://streamable.com/dd5i)
I was at the stadium, their was a fucking general panic at the end of the game when people where going out.
I was terrified, like a fucking movie. Fuck this. 

I will give more details when I go home tomorrow, I'm crashing a friend's place tonight. Stay safe this is a nightmare

**Update (and [proofs](http://i.imgur.com/lMwhV1v.jpg)):**
So here is the full story of how things went down at the Stadium yesterday night:

When we arrived at the stadium 45mn before kick off, the place around the entrances were crowded, as you could expect from an event gathering nearly 80 000 people as it was a big game. Me and my friends stopped in front of the McDonald's for a few minutes where we were with some friends and taking pictures with some kids as we were dressed up for the events and the kids were happy to have a memory of meeting 3 power rangers at Stade de France.
When it was time to go inside, I had to leave my Britanny [flag](http://i.imgur.com/yJMNED9.png) at the deposit because flags other than the french and german ones were not allowed in.
Match begins and the place was nearly sold out. After 16 minutes of game, we heard the bigs "boom" that you all saw on the frontpage, and then again 3 minutes later. We thought nothing of it as it sounded like a big cracker, like the one you usually hear in stadiums, except it was a little louder and remember it made us all "shake" a bit. Maybe that is why Patrice Evra looks worried on the video. Anyway, match continues and the nice evening of football goes on, except for that one helicopter circling around the stadium but we just assumed it was the TV or whatever making aerial views of the stadium for the live retransmission.

At half time, people in the stadium started to get some infos from famillies and friends that were not at the game that some shit were getting down in Paris and near the stadium and that, in fact, the explosions we heard were not crackers and that bodyparts were found around the stadium (suicide bombers I guess). At this point, people were remaining calm but speaking for the raws around us we were not focus on the game at all, people were starting to talk to their neightbors of the nights trying to gather infos about what was happening outside and if we were at any risk. At this point, the live retransmission on TV in France ended to a "breaking news" live stream and the class of middle schoolers next to us got ask to leave by their two accompaniants. We did not enjoy the second half at all as we were more and more expecting some shit to happen before or after the game and we were starting to get a little worried that danger might be outside when we leave.

At full time, people quickly stood up as usual and the stadium speaker quickly grabbed the opportunity to ask people to leave the stadium from the north, west, and south gates but to avoid east gate due to "incidents outside the stadium". We learned afterwards that this standed for "a fucking terrorist blew himself up in the Mc'D you were waiting at earlier".
People calmly started to leave except for some people on the east side who waited a bit at their seats.
However, when most people were not around the stadium leaving throught the main gates, their apparently was a false alarm because a police officer yelled "Alert!" on the east side and that made people panic and start running for their lives on circle around the stadium. People were starting to yell and scream, run and fall, and pushing everyone over as they were running for their lives thinking a guy with an Ak-47 was meters away from us...and we did too, because we were trying to survive like fucking hunted animals in the jungle. 
After a few minuts of alert, people started to understand nothing was happening and there were no immediate danger. Police with assault rifle and helicopters were all around the place and some people were having panic attacks and crying. It took me 5 minutes to find my mates again.
During the false alert, the stadium speaker told spectators to come back inside, that is why you can see hundreds/thousands of people of the field.
After that, nothing much happened in the stadium, people started to leave slowly, me and my mates avoided the metro just in case and chose a 20mn footwalk instead to get some air and not to take risk as terrorists were clearly all around Paris.

tl;dr: we won 2-0, get rekt germany
[Stade de France right now](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CTuVKDoUEAA7E6Z.jpg)

edit: [Another pic](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CTuVZlMXAAAtedZ.jpg)

edit 1 : [3rd pic](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CTuV9VHWwAA0NSK.jpg)

also, [Video](https://twitter.com/v_menichini/status/665288818711519233) thanks to /u/kugrian for the link.

edit 3 : Stadium PA system at the Stade de France: "Everything is secured, there is no danger in leaving the stadium now."
I don't think people realised it was a bomb, some of the fireworks used by ultras are pretty loud too.
Good they didn't stop the game. Panic would be awfull
That's terrifyingly loud.
That is terrifying, can't imagine how that must have sounded from in the stadium. 
Sick and tired of this shit, I don't even feel safe in my country anymore.
wtf is wrong with these people, who wakes up in the morning , thinking they want to kill 40+ people WTF.
Horrible.  Horrible in every way.    Now French police are reporting the Bataclan Concert Hall is being used to hold hostages.  I hope the hostages and Eagles of Death Metal get through this alive.  My heart goes out to the people of Paris.
Shit that's louder than I thought it would be
Holy shit, must've been terrifying for the crowd and players.
U can from another angle see og Evra looses focus, he knew that was not a normal explosion 

Thats fucked up.
Holy shit.
Holy shit that's fucking scary
Thoughts and prayers are with the French 
Fuck, everybody was having a good time too.
Jesus that's crazy
saw it on facebook and thought it was weird video editing. Jesus...
Martin Kelly is currently out in Paris. Hope he's alright 
Qatar 2022. Fuck. That. 
... Wow
There's a hostage situation with 100 people as well.
BBC Feed: http://www.bbc.com/news/live/world-europe-34815972
Police confirmed it was 2 suicide bombers at 2 gates of the stadium. dismembered bodies were found
Holy crap, so surreal
I know people said you could hear explosions in the broadcast but I didn't think they would have been that loud. This is fucked.
I feel sick watching this.
thats terrifying even if you were prepared for it, absolutely underestimation for the rest of summer

Scary as hell
Man what the fuck. Why must people be so horrible how does this help anyone in anyway. Sometimes I get fearful going to games as its such a large venue. Scary scary world we live in. 
Holy fuck that must've been terrifying for everyone there. Terrible stuff
Does anyone know what the sound was? Sorry if I'm being thick and it's really obvious
During halftime there was a shot of all the players looking at something out of view from the shot. I wondered what they were all looking at and I figure now it was a TV presumably showing the attacks..they must not have realized how serious it was because they shortly ran onto the field 
I don't think /r/soccer is the place to be speculating or passing on unconfirmed reports about the number of people dead or held hostage or injured.

Something terrible is happening in Paris right now, speculation isn't helpful.
fucking terrifying. 


my heart goes out to all the families. 40+ dead as of now. 
Anyone else get cold shivers from that?

That was terrfiying and Im not even there right now
Holy shit,that was scary.
Players seem mostly unfazed. 
Shitting Nora.
CNN just played this live on tv. I didn't know it was this fucking bad.
There are still lots of people in the pitch. Must be terrifying
Did they stop the game?
This is incredibly jarring. My wife grew up dirt poor and lived close to the US Mexico border where there was constant violence. One night there,  a car bomb went off. The sounds were similar. 
My god, this is an atrocity
Apparently the German team is still in the Stade de France.
10 million loops in 2 mins. wow.
So I assume the threat at the hotel of the German Team is connected? Maybe we don't know yet but it would be too large a coincidence 
The first explosion could also be heard in the broadcast https://streamable.com/oge7
Heart goes out to all the people of France, but it was a good win for France on such a tragic day. 
I think it goes without saying, but /r/soccer has its thoughts with you France
I was half watching (while at work) this live on ESPN here in the US, and I thought it seemed like a rather loud firework.  I muted halftime, but I wasnt aware of the attacks until I turned on the US game later.  Did ESPN not bring it up or did I just miss it?
the three bombers who blew up near the stadium were apparently trying to sneak in but they were stopped. Imagine what would have happened if they hadn't spotted them
Why did they go on and finished the match?
There is a special place in hell reserved for scum like this.
These things are not human...
The first explosion was at 19 minutes in and they continued to play? I don't agree with that decision. 
Is France going to address a certain problem they have or just mark it down to a yet another tragedy?! 
Zidane's way. The only way.
&gt; USA

r/soccer will like this.
Central Coast Mariners must be in with a shout, then.
I actually think Ronaldo will end his career earlier than everyone expects. I watched his movie and the entire time I got the vibe that he's already thinking about retirement sooner rather than later. I think he wants to go out on top in a way and doesn't want the world to see his gradual decline if you get me. I wouldn't be alarmed at all if he flat out retires in 2018 after his contract with us is up. I think he's realised he's pretty much at the pinnacle on his career so why not go out as a champion and be remembered for being an unreal player always in top shape, rather than having constant sources bashing his physical decline
Ronaldo to Mexico confirmed. 
&gt; with "dignity"

Looks like he's not going back to Sporting then
It's okay Ronaldo, not even Stevie G could do it on a rainy night in Seattle.
I'd love to see one super player towards the end of his career think to himself 'I wonder if I could get Stevenage promoted to league 1 by myself'.
Didn't say anything about Canada...Ronaldo to Whitecaps confirmed
What I'm learning form this thread is that nobody hates Americans quite as much as Americans who like soccer hate Americans.
Honest question, is it really without dignity if you love the game so much that you will continue to keep playing at the highest level [that you can] for as long as you can. I get some stars get lured to the middle east for money and such, but is it really awful for someone to continue playing the game they love professionally as long as they can? 
I'm not a big Ronaldo person but I wouldn't mind him at PSG
Liga MX  it is then.
[deleted]
He could do a job at Rangers. 
Alright fine we'll take him, jeez. Don't twist our arm about it.
Looks like he's coming to the A League lads!
Ronaldo to Montreal Impact confirmed
"I'm definitely thinking about playing in the USA for a year," he said. "I've always said living and playing there is a possibility."

http://www.espnfc.us/story/2701946/cristiano-ronaldo-praises-man-united-and-is-keen-on-mls

So which is it?
Fair enough
Ronaldo to Mumbai City FC confirmed?
I don't blame him, much as I'd like to see him play in the states.
So he IS coming to the whitecaps! 
Is this because we didn't go see his movie?
So Basel it is? :D
The Gerrard experiment shows he's right. Better to retire comfortable on the bench not taxing an aging body than whining about how playing in MLS is harder than you expected it to be.
Ronaldo ending his career at Sporting confirmed.
death with dignity ey ronnie?
Prob PSG
Makes me sad that there are talks of such a legendary players' career ending.
Come play in Australia then!
Abu Dhabi it is then 
I don't know why people have a problem with him. Guy wants to be the best and puts in 100 % dedication to the cause. 

even ronny knows mls is just a retirement league
To be fair, the leagues in those countries just aren't there. I don't think it was pure disrespect, but think about what levels Ronaldo reached and then coming over here in the US. As much as I like MLS, it's a **major**, ***major*** step down for Ronaldo. So it's fair for him to say that it's undignified to go from where he is now to that point. If he's idealistic about his career and he doesn't need the money, why should anyone criticise that? 
Good. The average age of a DP in MLS is 27 and there's no reason to raise it with old big name players. We should focus on young talent instead.
Does that leave the door open to an A-league stint?
yeah ,well ,you know ,that's just like your opinion man..
Though this will be seen as him taking a dig at those leagues, I gotta respect him for that (assuming he keeps his word). Not that I don't respect players that go to those leagues, but I just think Ronaldo wanting to compete and win at the highest of levels as long as he possibly can is pretty admirable.

He gets a lot of stick but his must win attitude is what the game is all about. 
Ronaldo to A-League 2018 confirmed
Cough PSG cough
He has a net worth of $310M and it will most likely grow more and more,he has no need for MLS or Arab money 
Ouch
Told ya.
It doesn't mean anything until he gets to the age where he can't be as effective in a top tier league.

Once he gets closer to 33 - 34 we'll most likely hear a different tune. Though I highly doubt we'll ever see him in Qatar.
BREAKING: Ronaldo confirms willing to play for Corinthians before retirement.
So China then?
Love you too, Ronnie...
Turkey it is ! 
Yea well after tonight he's going back to Old Trafford.
i guess he is going to japan?
Can someone give a short translation of this please, what is he saying?
I can't blame the man, I think most of the big stars coming to the MLS now a days are more enticed by the money aspect rather than growing the sport. 
I think he will pull a Jordan and take a year off (after his Real contract is over), before returning to either Sporting or United, and scoring 20 goals/
He should do the Cantona. Retire at 31 from football and move to Hollywood.
Scotland it is!

Baby come back
Lots of comments but no video? 
You end your career before going to the MLS
I'm American and I completely agree with him on this. Get over your blind patriotism and come to terms with the fact that the MLS is shit. Literally can't get through a single, full game.
He earns way more money off branding than playing anyway, and playing in qatar is not really good for your image..
Money talks. We'll see.
That squashes the Chelsea rumours then.
Didn't like his shit haircut anyway
Pirlo is not impressed. 
Ugh... fine, we'll take him.
In his film he said he enjoys the pressure he has on him at Madrid and when he no longer has that pressure he'll stop playing.
Its like the US and basketball. You're not getting the same quality anywhere else.
Welcome to the A-League.
Hopes he could finish with Manchester United are still alive.
RONALDO TO MEXICO
You will have to retire early to leave at the top.

Some players just absolutely love playing until the very end of their ability.

Look at Drogba in the MLS. He loves every game and sure kept his dignity. Scored 11 in 11 and changed a club. He has massive dignity.

Also MLS consists of Canadian teams too.
India it is then.
Bit unfair on the MLS, to be honest, the league is becoming more and more enjoyable every season. 
Shit league. Good, MLs Is a piece of piss, they act like drogba is tearing it up because he is world class and not a washed up Prem star against bang average teams
MLS is a medium-strength league, so while many players will play there with no problems, someone like Ronaldo will not want others to see him fall so far from grace. It's like playing in Belgium or Holland. A player of such arrogance who has reached such heights won't play in a non-top 4 league, no way.

My guess is he'll finish in Italy or Germany in the likes of Roma, Leverkusen, Schalke, etc, or may be Manchester United will take him and they will wheel him out for 15 minutes at a time like they did with Giggs when he was 45.
He doesn't want his child's mother to sue him for more money if he cashes his checks in the US.
India is up and coming.
That's good on Ronaldo but I want to say something about the MLS and its fans. If Ronaldo or any of these big European stars don't respect the MLS or take it serious enough to actually play in it seriously then I hope you make it clear to that you don't support their acquisition. I don't follow the MLS in any meaningful way but I do respect the seriousness with which players like Robbie Keane, Clint Dempsey, Obagol, and David Beckham took the league. Don't support players who refuse to respect a league you care about and love deeply.
I'm not American, but I don't get the dig at the MLS 
I get the whole MLS is shit argument, but cmon man putting us with Qatar and Dubai...wtf
Take that Gerrard.
Harsh on USA who seem to be developing nicely. Agree with the other 2 tho. Full of greedy, shady owners play things. Probably why he won't join psg or Chelsea too.
Anyone else feel that equating MLS to the domestic leagues of Qatar or Dubai a bit ridiculous?
I'm sure this will change once his body starts to age even more and he realises he can no longer play at his best. A huge pay off in a lower quality league will seem like a much more feasible prospect then.
"That does not mean it's bad play in the leagues of the United States, Qatar or Dubai, but I do not see myself there," said the Portuguese footballer.
Absolutely took what he said out of context. Love it. 

Bring on the angry yanks.
Is he telling Mr. Pirlo that he has no dignity? Tsk, tsk.

You can't buy class Cristiano.
He said that he wants to focus more on his brands and his business once he retires..... the US is the perfect place for that so I definitely see him going to the MLS just like Beckham did.
Wtf. So playing in the MLS later on in your career rids a player of their dignity? Fuck that shit.
  
Also, the apparent animosity towards MLS and America in this subreddit is gross. Get over yourselves, none of your countries or leagues own the sport, or the right to say 'our league has dignity, yours doesn't.' 
  
edit - These downvotes just go to show how entitled you cunts can be.
I like him, but that is such an ignorant thing to say.
Here a compilation of ["Ronaldos dignity"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fQSHMbfhw-Q)
Ronaldo to ISL confirmed.
What an immature, stupid statement.  Who knows what those leagues will be like in 4-5 years and what level his football will be at when someone offers him once last payday. 
As an American, I'd love to see him play in MLS, just to be able to physically witness him playing for or against my team at least once in my life but hey, it's totally up to him where he applies his trade, hopefully more for the love of the game than the money, before he hangs up his boots.
Maybe he thinks coming to the US to play would be a media circus.

 I mean, it would be.
I'm actually okay with this as an American that wants to see MLS grow.  Of course I'd be lying if I said I wouldn't like a chance to see even an aging Ronaldo playing in MLS, but I don't like the whole designated player issue in MLS.  It made sense early on when Beckham came, but I don't think it helps teams now.  MLS has not trouble selling out stadiums.  They're beginning to get better and better TV deals. I don't see the point in a team pays $6M for a 34 year old player when they could spend $600k on 10 players.  IMO the MLS is insulting American soccer fans by thinking all they care about is seeing super stars.  The American Soccer fan wants to see winning.  We want to see our MLS teams win the CONCACAF Champion's League and get a chance to play in the Club World Cup.  I know most of the other teams that compete in that competition don't really care for it but it would be important to us.  American fans want to be measured against the best in the world.  I don't harbor any delusion that a MLS team would be competitive any time soon.  But hopefully someday. And they won't get there by spending a huge chunk of the their cash on one aging player. 


You didn't have to hurt our feelings. Asshole- USA
How he lumps us in with two countries who don't compare sports wise is insulting.
That's fine Cristiano, our national team will still do better in the World Cup than yours. That's enough dignity for us.
Good luck cause if he doesn't do that then he will end up on the bench at real. What does he expect, to start every game right up until the day he retires?? No chance. Can't see him wanting to retire early or take a step down. His knee might make his mind up for him
You, Ronaldo, are an asshole.  Why don't you try playing with some dignity right now?
I think Cuervos in Mexico is looking for an ex La Liga stud...
inb4 Ronaldo to São Paulo/Corinthians for shits and giggles.
Guess LA told him to shove it after they saw his shitty movie
What a cunt....glad he will never win a euro or world cup.
[deleted]
Sounds..like....he's........coming............ba..........................
[deleted]
Well....fuck him.
Edit: am I supposed to be glad he considers a league like MLS beneath him? r/soccer you confuse me.
Hahahah who's Ronald?
He will have a career ending injury soon anyways....don't want him in the mls
wat is happening
the banter train never stops, it just switches lanes
What. A. Backheel. 
Is this real
Life?
Glorious play 
*Firmino
This is some of the sexiest football I've seen in weeks 
Thank you based Klopp
At first it looked like double offside but god damn the linesman did a great job there.
WHAT A TIME TO BE ALIVE
Who needs strikers? 
Thank you Liverpool
What a pass by Can
[More Angles 720p](https://streamable.com/e419)
Incredible play. Great goal 
What the hell is wrong with City defense?
Klopp is in full effect. 
The Brazilians have destroyed city! 
There is no H in his name, it's Firmino.
It's Firmino, not Firminho
Joga bonito
It's like Sepp Blatter owns shares in Leicester.
Who did that back heel? I thought Suarez is playing against Madrid !
The team is playing with so much creativity right now it's great to see! What a move! 
Take shirt off and get yelled at by Klopp, hmm, I'll keep it on
I'm just gonna hang out in here for a while. 
Work of the "normal one".
Thanks - Arsenal Fans
Lovely football. And delighted for Firminho to get his first goal. He has been incredible today 
The trouble with Liverpool is they always try and walk it into the net!!!!
I hear Athletico are interested in Firminho. 
THAT PASS
I cannot believe this, we are completely on top of this game
Coutinho repays the favor
/r/kloppklopp
Incredible start. It's fully deserved too.
Holy shit
Brilliant by the assistant referee
What a fucking unbelievable goal. That backheel is orgasmic.
Can you beauty
how many INHO's are there in Liverpool?
Firminho is the kind of name I would expect in a very dirty brazilian, dwarf porn film.
This is really a team with a -1 goal differential going into this match. GET FUCKING IN!
What a day ! 
So beautiful :) 
2 assists and 1 goal vs City. Superb display. The real Firmino is back. He could be our AM version of Suarez (albeit not on the same level).
Emre Can did something right!
City are in fucking shambles. 
Firmino, Fred. 
There's nothing better than winning and playing attractive football. As a Utd fan, I envious of you guys. Hopefully Klopp gets you higher up in the league.
Can someone explain to my exactly why this isen't offside? My mate (city fan) says its offside, but i say its not offside because both Coutinho and Firmino are behind the defense, but im not sure though. Someone care to ELI5?  
What's going on... Should have watched both games
All abroad the front-page train!
Can we expect 5-6 goals?
From the turnover from Milner in our RB position to playing like Barcelona up top, we look dangerous as fuck 
Too easy. 
was it an offside? 
the Brasil squad is on fire. this is exciting me way too much
Behave
Can wtf.
I just klopped my pants 
Nobody tracked his run, terrible defending
Fucking Hell Can!
Kloppo train keeps CHOOING
This one was jaw dropping.. Sergio Aguerooooo o my as I'm typing this .. What a match
Mangala is making Firmino look like Ronaldo
Sensational stuff from Liverpool.
Incredible team play
Reminds me of that one Guti pass.
firmino not firminho..coutinho not coutinyo wait..
RIP the back line on this one
Just realised I think Can's backheel was meant for Firminho.. Still, don't care and what a perfectly weighted back heel it was. so so good
Good job, Jürgen!
BOBBY
Manchester city's deffence was bad.really really bad

Not many players out there could make that play work. But Emre Can. 
That was like something out of the training ground. City haven't really showed up defensively tonight.
Isnt he offside?
dear god could the mangala-demichelis-fernando bermuda triangle of garbage even start for bournemouth?
Wengerball.
Oh Can you believe it. What a firm(ino) back heel!
Watch us lose 4-3.
Hart's just distracted by Jack Butland's footsteps getting closer. Hart's let in more goals in 30 minutes than Butland has in the last 7 matches.

Edit: Downvote me all you want, doesn't make it less true. Hart conceded 4 vs Liverpool, Butland's conceded 4 in the last 9 matches.
Good old Liverpool, helping out ManU.
Wright-Phillips was offside on the header that hit the post.
Brits are right... our commentators really do sound like WWE commentators... :|
:( I was there when it hit the post I started to celebrate but the my heart sunk this was the most emotional game I have been at.
Background: Crew SC leading the series 2-0 going into the second leg. New York RB at home manage to pull a goal back ~~late in the game~~ at 90+2, requiring a second to send the game into extra time. This is the final minute of stoppage as NY throws everything they have at goal.
Should the whistle not be blown and corner retaken when the two balls were on the pitch?
guys stop making me watch this
I was really impressed with all 4 games for the Conference Championships. Great play and hopefully MLS got a few more fans. 
The NASL isn't this exciting but the Indy games are still fun.
Against all RB clubs! 
Congrats Columbus Crew!
This was pretty painful as a semi-New York fan. Like fuck me you wait until the 90th minute of the second leg to score and then hit the post 30 seconds later. Wright-Phillips did look offside on the header though. 
I expected much more given the title was "absolutely ridiculous final minute"
Wow. I'd heard there was a frantic ending and saw some tweets but hadn't seen what actually happened. Amazing.
And to think I stopped watching this match around the 80th minute for Pats V Broncos game. Shame.
Honestly, both of these semifinals were absolutely amazing in terms of dramatics and excitement. This just capped it off.
for those who were actually in the crowd and were there how is the atmosphere at a mls playoff game. Ive been to multiple Colorado Rapids game and they were fun but the crowd was acting like we were watching a bunch of old grandmas knit.. granted the Rapids are far from a playoff team is it worth the money to go to playoff game even though it truly isnt that expensive
Dont want to piss on your chips mate but I was expecting more ridiculousness. Something like [this]( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=nWSc3-NACSY)

I have zero affinity to either side and I get goosebumps whenever I see it, in my mind its the epitomy of being a football supporter. At both ends of the spectrum.
Some poor officiating there, really poor.

Bradley Wright Phillips was offside when the ball was played to him and he headed it against the post, shouldn't have even been a corner.

And then there's two balls on the pitch and the referee doesn't force the corner to be retaken.

Piss poor.

I'd be fuming if City conceded a late goal in that manner.
That was great
Watching this and the last minute of the Napoli game made you remember why you love the game.
I for one loved the commentating. Really captured the frenetic pace. 
This satisfies me 
The MLS playoffs were incredibly entertaining this year!
Well, I have a question... 

Why did so many people leave the park during a "do or die" playoff game with a 1-0 scoreline? 
Just when i had made it 5 minutes without bursting into tears, i can count on /r/soccer to bring me back down...
Thanks OP for not spoiling it in the title, made watching it so much more exciting. 
I know I'll get the downvotes, but what is so "Absolutely ridiculous"... pretty much a scramble in and around the box, crosses and weird defending...

EDIT: Also, quite sure it's offside...
Heartbreaking to watch. Winning the shield was excellent but it does devalue without an accompanying cup trophy. 
This is why Europe needs playoffs 
That weren't that ridiculous...
That...didn't seem that crazy. Was expecting a Scholes-esque volley from the keeper.
That wasn't ridiculous.
why did the ref go a full minute over the +4? Crew was wasting time I presume?
Did anyone hear that guy going "oh my god" repeadtedly in the background right at the end? 
I didn't hear Michael Cole tell me what's trending on twitter in this game?
I was all tears of joy at the end of that.
Man, that was an exiting game.!
Jungle ball.
We like to call the ending as "going metro"
This video reminded me of [Watford vs. Leicester City in 2013 playoff](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LFQkqLfY_5k&amp;ab_channel=TriopticTraitor).  The commentators enthusiasm, the urgency to get down and score in stoppage time...yeah...awesome.
I think some americans saw the 1-0 red bull score and didn't realize the 2-1 agg and what that meant...so when wright -phillips missed it wasn't to make it 2-0 it was to tie it 2-2...
Why don't they make the colors in the TV score board match the jersey colors for idiots like me who spend half of the video figuring out which team is winning already..
delay of game (yellow) for kicking the ball into outer space after the whistle before the corner.
That was a lot of fun - I will have to watch the WHOLE game the next time the Crew plays after seeing that!  

I think I will have to be a fan now, I do live in Columbus, and I love Soccer.  What a nice surprise, my local team actually winning something.
I wish the commentary was this energetic in every game.
Was the officiating this weird for the entire match or just the ending? There was a very clear offside that didn't get called and then less than 10 seconds later a corner was taken with two balls on the pitch with no retake.
Fuck a duck that was exciting!
I almost passed out watching that live. Great call by the announcer. Looking forward to going to the game on Sunday.
the Manutd Bayern match at camp nou still is the craziest finish I remember :) this was fun though
To people saying it wasn't that crazy...What is your definition of crazy? Is it because the score was 1-0? Because it was 2-1 aggregate.
Best last minute of a game in last 7 days:
1. Bournemouth - Everton
2. Napoli - inter
3. this

Steve needs to be a little bit more confident when he comes out for those 50/50 balls in the box. If he comes out to get the ball he should get it, he can use his hands!
If you didn't watch the game, I'd like to add that you didn't miss much. The majority of the game was a boring midfield stalemate consisting of multiple forced long balls and poor passes. It only got exciting around the 85th minute when the Columbus defense started cracking and we started getting our act together.  Kinda frustrating considering I've been spoiled with watching all our good performances, so I'm not used to us getting so shut down, especially after this incredible  season we had. I was seated in section 229, on the second tier just to the left of the curve in view. Feel bad to all the fans that left early though, they missed the most exciting part of the game.
Holy shit when did Columbus climb out of their bottom battle with Chicago?
Damm :(
yea this sucks. I was hoping for something epic to help me get into the MLS and that was just disappointing.  
What is this, hockey?

edit: There's nothing wrong with hockey and nothing wrong with the MLS.  
Am I the only one who doesn't see what's special here? There's a header in the post in the last minute of the game. It feels like that happens every now and then.

Edit: Ok america i get it
I almost peed my pants for every single minute after 90.

Happy to have the game being played right down the street from me, though! Glory to Columbus!
I would like to see those teams in Spain, maybe Ponferradina, Villanovense or Tenerife would be interested in some players from there
I almost had a heart attack re watching it
Was I the only one expecting a couple of goals based on the title?
/r/unexpected
All that was going through my head when we went into full defense mode was "Oh my God we're about to be the QPR to their Man City. FUCK."
still waiting for NY to score
What a fucking mess...
&gt; Two balls on the field

I have never seen two balls actually *in* play at the same time without a whistle going off. 

^(Please no jokes about the players privates.) 
lol, at one point one player was kicking a ball, while another ball was in play. It wasn't even off to the side somewhere, but right in front of goal.
That's nothing against the last minute in the Napoli v Inter match from Monday.
Ridiculously poor play.  So much panic on the ball.  Some level headed plays by the NYRB would have gone a long way there.
stadium half empty for a semifinal. is the attendance that poor or did people leave cause they thought they didnt have a chance ?

edit: downvoted for asking a question. thats being really butthurt about your league
the title made me think there was gonna be a goal...
That looked like some kindergarten football
Wasn't that ridiculous really was it. They hit the post that's about it. Bournemouth Everton had more 
And once again the most mediocre things in the MLS gets upvoted far more than it deserves.
[deleted]
What's absolutely ridiculous is that this is a semifinal.
ITT: Excited 'muricans, the rest of the world appalled at how many full stadiums the MLS has with this quality of football
lol mls soccer just so bad.
I swear if the US would go to a promotion/relegation system soccer would actually grow the way the MLS wants it to. Our local club has tons of supports as do neighboring cities, if they had a potential to be in the MLS the support would only grow.

The MLS is silly
Horrible defending really. Never would happen in the BPL 
[deleted]
MLS post mind your step lads
Well apparently some doesn't remember RM vs ATM CL.
two balls on the pitch. wth...XD
does the MLS do wibbly wobbly stoppage time now or did +4 actually mean +5?
Credit to our lord and savior Omar
Take notes Klinsmann
Excellent touch, he would make a great fullback.
I'll take Fabian over any player in the US pool right now. He's been our best and most consistent player for the past 2 years at least. Bradley, Dempsey, Yedlin, and Jozy all take a backseat to Fabian.
Fuck Bernie, fab 4 prez 2k16. 
53 shooting on FIFA :(
A nice goal scored by an American playing in the Champions League? To the top with you!
commentator had a little orgasm
Niceeee
Gladbach could have had a real shot at this group if they'd changed trainers earlier.
As cool as you'd like. Hope he can do this for the USA team now!
Sweet curve
Hope he can do this for the past 2 years at least.
that was sexy as fuck oh my god
How is an American on the top of the sub? Are the Europeans still asleep? 
Great...now my wife is pregnant
Didn't expect it to be that sexy
When he did this, right before he shot I told my Pa

*Oh he´s gonna Robben this. Oh yes, yes*

*Oh yes, yes, he Robbend it, that just happened,*

*he Robbend it. Oh yes*
Klinsmann pls
Nice ball in.
Johnson in, Klinnsman out. 
What. A Goal.
hit a beauty there, perfect
At LB we have Yedlin.
Oh this makes me so happy.  Most dangerous RB since danny (flop bagel) alves.
Cause I'm proud to be an American
gave me a freedom boner
the AMERICAN
Dempsey is a good player in the final third and gets into decisive positions. he's a very heady attacking player right now.
He is without a doubt, the best player on the national team.

I hope he moves to an even bigger club sometime in the future.
He should be called Polite Van Nistlerooy
RVN playing mind games. I like it.
Putting the mockers on. Nice one Ruud.
No, don't. Sincerely, Newcastle. 
Nice of him to comment, hopefully this helps motivate Vardy, a new record being made is always fun to see
 Class comment from a former great. 
I personally would have preferred "COULD YOU FUCKING _NOT_ VARDY!!"
As a Wrexham fan I sae Vardy at Fleetwood... knew he was good, but not this good.
So did Vardy not get banned for giving the linesman the finger
What's the record in question? And what's the status?
Legend
In with the jinx
This is awesome. I hated him as a player, but hey, he's still a legend.
something, something, football began in 1992.
This is how I want to see legends acting when someone comes close to tying/breaking their record.
Awesome to see. This is one player I wish was still in the premier league. He'd be my fantasy football captain every week of the season. And what a guy. 
Could you not, Ruud? He's playing us next week. 
welp there it is
class
"I knew my record would stand until it was broken." -- Yogi Berra
He's going all Fergie with the mind games now. Imagine that, Vardy holding a record and going in the records, but nobody will remember him in times to come
The Facebook pages are full of 'chat shit get banged' any time vardy is mentioned. So fucking annoying. 
so much class.
Newcastle fan - still hope he scores today.
Genuinely believe him aswell.

He had one poor moment in his career, realised he was wrong, albeit late and seemed to change

If he was 30 now he would be fuming about this prospect
Is he definitely starting today?
Well, he won't break it by scoring vs. Newcastle, he'll equal it.
I'm still waiting for someone to say "No, fuck that guy, that's my record I hope someone break his legs" in that situation
oh fuck off
Loved Ruud. So clinical and perfect as a striker. Laser like targeting of the goal from any angle. 
Maybe he is just scared to chat shit
class
I fucking love van Nistlerooy, what a guy
He's just saying that now he knows Vardy's gonna get it.

Inside, he's tearing up.
[deleted]
don't think that's a legit account he's linked to
Its a Vardy Party!
at least he got the ball to a Chelsea player this time
Fabregas was absolute shit today. 
[Streamable mirror](https://streamable.com/hkbg)
Fabregas has a real knack for getting his balls in peoples face, remember West Brom?
Willians face took a beating today.
[Fabregas vs Brunt](https://streamable.com/5tml)
Fabregas to Willian: Take that you SOB, I used to be the main free kick taker, you have taken everything from me. 
He also waltzed in a circle around the ball on a free kick and booted it sideways straight out of bounds. Not sure what kind of drug he was on
he could have killed him
wait what is he doing
was he just pissed off
ARE YOU FUCKING SORRY?
I remember playing a amateur games years ago. Had a lad, 7 foot tall, two left feet, lash the ball out to touch fairly low and smash straight into the face of a 9 year old lad.

He was knocked the fuck out, rushed to hospital. If anyone remembers the old Mitre balls back in the early 90's you'll understand more. 
Walker smashed the ball in Willian's face a short while later.

Edit: Yup, it was Rose.
Fabregas was awful today, probably the worst player on the pitch.
It didn't hit his face
"You're an idiot, Cesc." 

Well, I can't say I disagree. 
That looks really intentional 
Looks like a random fan barging onto the pitch that just wanted to kick the ball before he got kicked out
Shit control by Willian, has to do better there. 
Poor first touch from Willian there. 
Doesn't even stop to say sorry. This is great. Keep at it, Chelsea. You're making me love watching the EPL again.
Cesc Fabric Ass
Only accurate pass he made all game
...but why?
Anyone got a link for mobile?

Twitter does not work through alien blue
i just...dont understand why he was trying to kick the ball in the first place, i didn't see the game but the only conclusion i can come up with is he wanted to kick the ball at willians face.
I can't for the life of me work out of Fabregas's motivation
Still counts towards pass completion!
Just about sums up our year so far
A metaphor for Chelsea's season thus far
Somewhere in the UK, Fergie is mourning the death of Willian...
Pedro come home you don't belong here :-(
Was he trying a pass to the person on the wing making a run ? o.O o.O

Disappointing non-pun once I looked I looked it up. he could have hit the ref stop play and redo the free kick?
That just sums up their whole season.
Fuck up the only player actually doing something in your team. Makes sense. 
Same guy who pushes refs out of the way, he has a mean streak.
Good to see Cesc putting in top effort once in a while!
Use iAlien I think it was Rose.
They are losing it!    
Yeah he was trying to kick the ball in Willian's face a short while later.
omg, this team is a mess. lmfao
And then Willian got hit AGAIN in the face in the same game.
There is something really wrong with that team. 
lmao goddamn
what the actual fuck 
Yeah he was trying to kick the ball out to touch fairly low and smash straight into the net.
You're on the wing making a run on the wrong thread.
Same guy who pushes refs out of the way, he has a real knack for getting his balls in peoples face, remember West Brom?
At least this time is not a pizza
Rocket balls.
W ... T ... F?

What the hell was he hoping to accomplish?
Has there been any notable example of a player being booked for something he did to a teammate? I mean, this was obviously unintentional, but if it wasn't, it would be a sending off.
[deleted]
Willian, immediately after: "why is this happening to me i did not even chat shit"
That should be a yellow.
this makes no sense to me whatsoever 
The award started in 2013, but this is still really surprising. 
More Atletico Madrid players (6) have won it than Real Madrid players (3).  Celta Vigo players have one it three times as well.  Players from only 9 different teams have won it.  


Club	Wins

Atlético Madrid	6

Celta de Vigo	3

Real Madrid	3

Real Sociedad	2

Sevilla	2

Eibar	1

Levante	1

Rayo Vallecano	1

Villarreal	1
Is there a reason for this?
Not that Barcelona should care, but if the league thinks it's promoting relatively lesser known players, then that's total bullshit. Ronaldo won it twice and Benzema won it once. 

If not Messi, Neymar, Suarez or Sanchez (previously), I can't think of a reason why Xavi, Iniesta or Busquets shouldn't have won it at least once! 
I honestly doubt they care tbh
When I pointed this out [twelve hours ago](https://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/3s8oru/jamie_vardy_is_octobers_premier_league_player_of/cwv4mfq) it was downvoted.  /r/soccer for you.
conspiracy against chelsea
A Barcelona player has won it. Rakitić. Ok he wasn't at Barca at the time.

Of the 20 times it's been given, Ronaldo has won it twice, Vela has won it twice and Godin has won it twice (Godin actually won it two months running).
**Ballon D'or wouldn't be too bad now..**
Is this Spain bullying Catalonia? Really looks like it.
Honestly, there's no reason messi's shouldn't have won at least once. 
LLPOTMAOTB.
I thought this was a political issue?
That seems next to impossible. Messi has never won it before? With all the incredible scoring stretches he has had in La Liga play?
Ronaldo &gt; Messi Confirmed.
You've got to be kidding 
wow... pretty unbelievable...
I assume it's political.
That's pretty surprising, but I find it most surprising that they've only had player of the month awards since 13/14 season 
You're telling me that Messi has never won this? 
Not surprised, their attack is absolutely dreadful.
No player of the Month even in a Treble winning season with fewest goals conceded (edited)

Creates awards to give to Real Madrid players to boost their Ballon D'or claim, like the MVP award

Banning Barca &amp; other teams players for atleast 4 games, and Real players for utmost 2 games

and now allegedly coercing referees to support Real..

if there was ever a clear picture about taking sides...
[Here are all the players that have won it](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/La_Liga_Player_of_the_Month)

Speaks volume about how dominating they are... They're taken out of the equation because they would win it every month.
Didn't even know this was a thing. New awards are always a bit shitty.

To be fair, Rafinha did win it. He was just on loan with Celta. Definitely weird stat, not seeing Messi there anywhere but Ronaldo "only" one it once in one of his best league seasons ever.

I think it's fairly safe to say that the award looks to players that stood out in a month and Suarez and Neymar being involved in goals isn't standing out, that's business as usual. Definitely a weird award.
Thought it was troll at first.
If the award started in 2013, since then we've won the 2012-13 La Liga and the 2014-15 La Liga. And you're telling me not ONE of our players deserve POTM? And then you hear stories about the El Clasico linesman and you can't help but wonder how corrupt La Liga really is.

EDIT: Just to give some perspective, April 2015 was a great month for us. We played 6 La Liga games with a record of 5 wins and 1 draw. In that time, we kept 5 cleansheets (conceded 2) and scored 17 goals. That's an average of 2.8 goals a game.

Goalscorers:

Messi - 6

Suarez - 5

Neymar - 3

Xavi - 1

Bartra - 1

Mathieu - 1

Bravo - 5 cleansheets

AND NO ONE ON OUR SQUAD DESERVED POTM?

EDIT x2: nvm just checked. Griezmann scored 8 goals in April 2015. He's a fantastic player, I'll give him that he deserved it. Either way, in 2 years the fact a single player on our team hasn't won it is still bogus.

This is good. Let players from less successful clubs gain at least some semblance of prestige in their comparatively mediocre careers.

EDIT: Apparently major Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid players have won it. I retract my statement.
Probably because expectations are already pretty high for them. 
How the hell
I was waiting for the "except Messi." in the body of this post...
If Neymar doesn't win it during this Messi drought then there's seriously something wrong here because he has been an absolute blessing
Ronaldo and Messi's performances are almost taken for granted in that league. The fact that between them they've won it just twice in two and a bit seasons sort of confirms that.
TIL No Barcelona player has ever won La Liga's player's of the month award in the last 2 months since this was last posted.
Don't care. Pretty standard stuff. 
I think a large part of this is expectations on the player. Nobody is shocked when messi gets a goal or two for 4 straight games, but when someone like Nolito has consecutive braces its a bigger deal. 

I don't think this is some form of Spanish Catalan hate. I'm not saying that that doesn't exist in any form, but I don't think this is a clear cut example of that.
REVEALED!!!!!
Ronaldo &gt; Messi confirmed
maybe they are more used to winning annual awards than the monthly ones.

Messi can win the Ballon D'or this year but not win the player of the month. Nice.
So many honest Barça fans.
The Chelsea fan screams "Let's keep it that way." But the football fan in me says that's a god damn crime.
La Liga's Player of the Month Award is a joke. They probably feel like they're being real smart but most people who actually watch the league think they're just stupid.
You can tell the quality of this award then. Should not be a big deal.
Similarily to the Grammy's or the fact that Leonardo Dicaprio has never one an Oscar.
They really do strange stuff with the individual trophies. For 1 year they introduced a new trophies "[Jugador más Valioso](https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/Premios_LFP)"(Most valuable player of the year) gave it to Ronaldo, and the next year the award disappeared. 

edit: Wikipedia link = https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/Premios_LFP Scroll to 2012/13, the only season they gave it.
I read the title probably 4 times to make sure I was reading it right
Welcome to La Liga, a fair and righteous place.
That award has probably virtually no meaning in Spain.
What?

Fucking what?

You just need to see who awars it. I think its awarded out of Madrid the capital and if not mistaken by Marca. They have an extreme bias anti Catalonia. 
I mean, it's player of the **MONTH**.
Then how could Messi win La Liga PoTY without any PoTM?
Doesn't messi play for Barcelona? 
I can say with almost certainty that no Barcelona or Real Madrid player (except possibly Ronaldo) gives a fuck about that award
Maybe they are using the award to market less known players to the big buyers. In football, very little is coincidence and almost everything has cunts fighting for money in the background
Halilovic
They play so well as a team that no individual stands out so to speak
I thought this was common knowledge. Why is there a post about this every month?
Yeah, because they're too busy winning all of the LFP MVP of the Season awards.  
I would imagine nobody gives a shit about the award since it has no actual merit standards.
I somehow think last years treble is helping their fans sleep at night
TIL I don't give a shit about who wins "flavor of the week" awards
I think it's just freak coincidence 
I want one to win just so this will stop getting reposted.
I think it's a good thing to be honest. Real or Barca players would probably win every month if they competed on equal terms, nothing wrong with other players getting some recognition.
Not that I don't hate the FIFA but it need to have a complete overhaul of the system. The country I'm working at right now is quite corrupted and the regional football federation will surely be in the same way as well. And then everyone in FIFA  will be corrupted. Change a few people won't improve the situation much better, because there're too much bribery.
In all seriousness stop expanding these tournaments. 32 is the best amount. I hate the idea of teams still being able to qualify when in third
Der Bantz.
The World Cup does not need 40 teams. It's the right size now and the competition is the right length too. More competitive international fixtures is rarely the right solution for anything, but in this case, the World Cup finals do not need another 8 teams.
please don't expand the WC to 40 teams. It's quite astonishing. They should have enough on their plate already with cleaning up internally. Why would you tackle such a topic now? 
Clash of the titans in Group W as San Marino play Andorra. 
Scotland still wouldn't qualify :/
Got to love Germans
I actually support the expansion to 40 teams. As a European I don't want our allocation to decline; however, I see the merit in extra places for South America, Africa and North America. I believe an expanded tournament should have 2 more places each for South America, Africa and North America as well as 1 more place each for Asia and Europe.
It will be so boring to have mathematicians figure out who will be the best #3s etc in the final 10 minutes of the games. Just let it stay at 32. 

Qatar won't get in even with 60 teams after their farce of a worldcup so maybe they shouldn't waste their money on this.
There are already too many bad Teams in the World Cup, that would only work if the 8 more Teams are all from Europe. No one want to see us humiliating even more bad Teams from other Regions.
[deleted]
A 40 team World Cup? At this rate San Marino will make it.
Am I the only one that's actually okay with expanding the World Cup? There are a lot of solid and entertaining teams (mostly from CAF and CONCACAF) that miss the tournament each year. Honestly, I have a gut feeling that teams like Panama or DR Congo (teams that are good, but not good enough to get through current qualifying) could do extremely well in the tournament if they could qualify. If I had it my way, this is how I would handle allocating places.

Host: 1

AFC: 5/6

CAF: 6

CONCACAF: 5/6

CONMEBOL: 6/7

OFC: 1/2

UEFA: 14




Unlike Gazprom :)  

God I hate Heldt so much, I can't wait for the day where he FINALLY gets fired and Schalke can move on and actually improve  

Ohhhh ya burnt
For a second I thought they were drinking all that beer on the podium and answering questions.
Rekt
It's the right length too.
I'd like bigger squad size if there are more games in the tournament. Wouldn't mind a 30-person squad in general.
Everyone in this thread claiming that if more teams qualify for the tournament there will be more bad teams to be demolished... While this would actually give more nations to show what they're really made of on the biggest stage of all. Small countries can compete too and Iceland just proved that in the EC qualifiers. With the right spirit and chemistry anything can happen. Feel like most of the people in here against the expansion are cocky jerks who qualify regularly and this doesn't really matter to. But there are a lot of people out there who think they're never gonna see their countries play in the WC and an expansion could just give them a massive hope.
SICK BURN!!!
And we're gonna let it **burn, burn, burn**...
I would love to have more games so i can watch more, i miss the World Cup :/
Andre breitenreiter is the manager at Schalke
Half the teams that make the World Cup are shit as it is. Why add more garbage teams? 
Scotland might actually make a world cup if they expand it to....80 teams.
National teams outside of Europe are improving in quality at a faster rate than European teams. This is the second time in a row when most of the European teams failed to make the knock out round. If this trend continues then FIFA faces three choices. 

1) Take away world cup berths from Europe 

2) Expand the tournament (which would also increase revenue) 

3) Tell the rest of the world to go fuck itself.
fire the guy who came up with this, the euro qualifiers were already bullshit, gibraltar??? really, gibraltar???
Lots of people are against the expansion, so what about reducing the number of UEFA teams? They currently have 13, which seems like too much. 
holy shit that assist from Castro, what a touch
Everything is just beautiful in this goal: the pass, the chip, the celebration. Gorgeous!
Attempting a chip just as everyone thought it was a wasted chance. Such quality. 
*That* flick followed by *that* chip... Pornhub football!
No.16 in the Bundesliga,what a beast.
I'm pretty sure Marco Reus and Gonzalo Castro switched kits before the match.
Tschüß bundesliga 
Thanks, Aubama!
you can see his confidence through his finishing, looks like he can score from anywhere
jesus what a fucking goal...
What a flick by Castro! Finally seems to be settling in at BVB.
I had a couple of Mexican co workers who kept on insisting that chicharito would be top scorer this season.  I just lol 
Absolute filth. The assist and the chip. 
I just lol What a flick by Castro!
that celebration was also pretty good
Pierre is a class act and that goal was great but he needs to fix that front tuck before he  blows out his knees
What an incredible goal
Can someone explain to me why Barcelona goals get at least 1k upvotes and 100 comments, but better goals like this don't? 
What a form! Already has 16 goals. Crazy bastard
This guy is so good I am so sure he is gonna reach 20 by 1st half of the season
Beautiful pass by Castro, wish we'd kept him
That touch from Castro is perfect. Dortmund really is a scary team. In the space of about 8 seconds they got the ball from the half way line into the goals. 

It's really an exciting and terrible time every game we play against them. Tiki taka is great because it limits their time on the ball, but its effectiveness really is reduced when they can turn the momentum so quickly. You might argue that Stuttgard was playing very low pressure and the ball got just outside the box easily, but with the pace of Aubameyang you can't play too far up without the (high) risk of him breaking the back line and ending up in a 1 on 1 with the keeper. 
Best striker is the Bundesliga, right here.
3 of the quality of the quality of the top 5 players in the world on their team...People want to watch the most famous player.
another one.
The absolute state of the defending. Lazy shit from the left midfielder to not track back.
great assist and goal, man I can enjoy stuff like this.
No.16 in the world on their team...People want to watch every goal, this is the first time I clicked to watch every goal, this is the first time I clicked to watch the most famous player.
Against Mainz was the first time I clicked to watch the most famous player. another one.
Damn that was an awesome pass
Fuck, he's good.
Barcelona has the most famous player in the world on their team...People want to watch the most famous player. another one.
dat fifa celebration though
it's interesting to see german teams run these set plays - it reminds me a lot of american football, actually. Creating overloads with running vs doing it with possession, like a lot of spanish/Italian teams do
Fekin stop showing ex Milan players doing well after they leave us, it's making me depressed.  

Thank fek there was no reddit when Viera left.
Don't forge the flip... the proverbial icing on the ball, but its effectiveness really is a scary team.
I have played the sport, but I haven't been playing it as long as Castro has, nor do I get paid to play it like he does. Backheels are fun to pull off in training or at the sunday league, but when you grow up with the ball at your feet backheels are as easy as taking a touch in a tight space, you begin to lose that feeling of satisfaction. I mean, look at the faces on the players in the video: unphased, unamused, unimpressed. Its just a normal part of the game, and it happens. When its during training and its the result of a cheeky rabona, its banter, when its just a touch at the byline and the defender opens his legs, its just business as usual. Castro pulled off three backheels today, and each time I was unmoved because it was just expected of him in that situation. Yet I come on /r/soccer, and each of them have their own post, and each of the posts are well received. Lets get real, its just a backheel. You don't have to upvote each one.

Edit: guys https://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/3upmtm/oscars_cheeky_nutmeg_on_lamela/cxgqyru
The spaces left by stattgart are huge, the center back has way too much space
Playing this good should be illegal, please stop it Dortmund you're scaring me (╯°□°）╯
[The Olympique Lyonnais news](https://twitter.com/OLNews_eng) has translated Valbuena's Le Monde interview:

&gt; Valbuena's video may have been stolen on his phone by a acquaintance of his who was helping him with some technical stuff. 

&gt; Valbuena first got a phone call in May 2015, by Djibril Cissé, warning him that he heard something about him, but hadn't seen the video. Cissé taled to MV about how difficult this position was b/c he was in the same in 2008. Cissé just let MV know - no blackmail/

&gt; MV:" for the time being, there is no video, that's the issue. Is there one? No one knows, that's the worse. I'm questioning its existence"

&gt; "When I asked for proof, Ii didn't get anything. I may have done videos but who knows, they may have nthg. They maybe saw sthg that's it"

&gt; MV: "I got a 1st phone call at Clairefontaine in June 15. The person called 4 or 5 times. The guy didn't introduce himself, said we need to meet &amp; that I need to send a trusted person to Dubai. I informed the policeman in charge of the team who immediately understood"

&gt; "I didn't try to arrange anything with that person. I have values and I will not be played with."

&gt; "I then told tje police what happened &amp; filed a complaint. But the person wontinues to harrass me. So I tell him that I'd rather work via a trusted intermediary, a certain Lukas who is actually a police officer. It got me off the hook since he was harrassing me!"

&gt; "At some point, I told the guy, here is my email, prove to me that you have the video, even a clip. I never received anything..."

&gt; "Police offered that idea to me. I was relieved to have gone on the record and that they were in charge of it from then on."

&gt; "On Oct 4, I had a meeting with the police to get an update. As the policeman knows I am going to the French team the day after, he said 'If someone comes to talk to you about this, directly or indirectly, don't be surprised' It's only afterwards that I understood that he had had access to the wiretaps where Benzema appeared. On Monday, KB says we need to talk" which they do the day after.

&gt; "Benzema is a work colleague. We're not best friends but there is no animosity b/w us, no problem. He's a teammate."

&gt; KB "talks to me about a video. I immediately think about what the police officer told me on Sunday. I think "fuck, seriously..."

&gt; "He then asks me to meet a friend that he presents as very reliable, serious, in which he has entire trust, so that he can arrange it for me

&gt; "I mean, I'm not that stupid. I'm skeptical. I fisat say 'thanks for warning me' but I know that he doesn't want me to meet someone for nthg

&gt; "The way he brought it up, it was to incite me to see someone, and indirectly yo play that person to destroy the video."

&gt; MV was surprised that KB "was involved. But when you know the details, nothing is surprising anymore. I'm not stupid. I'm 31. I understand"

&gt; KB "insisted a lot for me to meet his friend. He was not aggressive, he didn't talk about money, but when you insist like this... pfff."

&gt; KB said "'you need to be strong. If you don't want to pay, let it go, not an issue. But I can present you to my friend.' Always with that!"

&gt; "I'm beyond disappointed. It's lack of respect, simply. You can't behave like this with just anyone.. Before leaving, Karim asked me: "So what do I do? Do I give him your number? Do I give you his number?" MV says he didn't do any of these two things.

&gt; MV"Karim knows, even if we never talked about money, that if I meet this person it isn't for nothing."

&gt; KB then tried to call MV on the phone on an OL coach when OL was playing in St Petersburg. Told him textually: "Mat, my name is out, what the fuck is this, I can't be associated in these sorts of affairs." MV responded:"listen, there's not much to it"

&gt; KB then asks MV to publicly issue a denial, but also says "I can't do anything about the gact that you name came out of the wiretaps."

&gt; MV: "At that moment, I know that the huge difference between Cissé and KB is that the former never asked me to meet anyone. Karim did."

&gt; About the wiretaps, MV: "more than disappointed. His words denote a lack of respect. I feel like I was played. I respect everybody."

&gt; "I can't defend the indefensible. I wouldnt do this, even to my worst enemy."

&gt; Hardest thing to fathom is that "it's a colleague from France who is involved. I never expected KB to be involved. Investigative team told me 'don't worry, we don't need your testimony' " because they already had the wiretaps incriminating KB.

&gt; MV, about KB: "I can only be very, very, disappointed &amp; note that the relationship with him is not as sincere as he may have let on."

&gt; MV; on Nasri who apparently offered to be a middlemen instead of KB: "My relations with him have always been difficult. But, nothing surprises me anymore. When you in a racketeering affair and you see these names, it's like you are in a mental institution."

&gt; "I thought it was just some small bandits from Marseille who wanted some cash", not two players from the French national team.

&gt; On the risk of hurting the relationship with KB (??!): "justice is for everybody. I am defending my honor. Had I done that..."

&gt; "A lot of people thought you would defend Benzema": "yes but it didn't happen this way. This is about justice, not football. It's a racket."

&gt; "It's not my fault if KBb got involved in this. In any case, in this affair, he's gotten it all wrong."

&gt; "What is for sure is that one year afyetwards, I am the victim. Playing for my country is always a breath of fresh air."

&gt; "I talked to the coach (about not being called up).It was hard to live w/ at 1st because it felt like a dble sanction, even if i'm a victim"

&gt; "But then I started thinking that the coach wants to protect me and the sqaud. He's probably right about it. But w/ the Euro... it's strong"

&gt; Why would I be left out from the FR squad? "because you could be accused of having caused KB's removal from the team" "I'm not responsible!"

&gt; "I'm not the one who put myself in this affair. I'm a victim. The only thing I did is defend myself!"

&gt; "Could you understand why Deschamps would not choose you for Euro16 b/c of the affair?" "No, I couldn't, but it's too far away."

&gt; "I've never had a problem playing with KB, all tjhe contrary. I've played with plenty of people I didn't get along with, esp. at OM."

&gt; "For me, with France, the group comes above all, before individualities, before egos."

&gt; "So you wouldn't refuse to play with KB?" "I'm trying to separate sports and justice. What the latter will decide is out of my hands."

&gt; "So I can play with Benzema again. But, he wouldn't be my best friend, that is for sure."

&gt; "I've had support from players from the national team with whom I have very good relations. And huge daily support from OL players."

&gt; "I've had no support from the federation. When one doesn't know what is in the affair, defending KB, ok, but talk about me too!"

&gt; "Once again, here, I am the victim. President Aulas trusts me a lot &amp; often takes my defense. But no sign from FFF. Not sad, just a fact"
I was really hoping it was a misunderstanding, but it's all pretty damning at this point.

I can't believe he threw his career away over something so stupid.
What is the likelihood Benzema will actually face prison time if/when found guilty?
So, Vardy? 
In other news, FC Prison announces an imminent "big" signing.
Wild Prediction: he's gonna face a few months prison time join Watford bring a few prison mates to their game against united where he scores a penalty and an own goal.
Can someone please give me a quick review of what's happened and what Benzema's done wrong? I haven't kept up with it and judging by some comments on here Benzema could be throwing his career away.
But I thought they were still friends on Facebook?
Unfortunately, I strongly suspect he won't get any jail time, Madrid won't sell him, he'll still play for France and nothing will come of this. 

Nothing would make me more satisfied than to see him jailed and have him spend the rest of his footballing days in Siberia. 

This is one of the absolute dumbest stories I've ever heard. You're a world-class footballer and you piss it away to be a wannabe gangster with your scumbag childhood friends. You can fuck right off for the rest of your career, you pathetic loser.
**Benzema done fucked up**

Friendship ended with BENZEMA

[Now Giroud is my best friend](http://imgur.com/u4fQcT2)


(If someone didn't get the reference - https://www.reddit.com/r/indianpeoplefacebook/comments/3l6998/mudasir_done_fucked_up/)
Shit just got real. Can't see Benzema getting away now, idiot.
You goin to jail nao!
If Benzema gets called by Deschamps again I swear I won't even watch our team play this summer. I'm sick of all these spoiled brats acting like thugs and shitting on our NT.
I'm just hoping this won't be shrugged under the carpet. Benzema should end up in jail, and not get away with it just because he's rich and famous. 
Say goodbye to the french national team, Benzema. As a french guy, good riddance.
I still can't believe Benzema would do this to his colleague. What was he thinking? He is beyond stupid to ruin his career for blackmailing a colleague.
What a fucking idiot.
It's pretty certain now that Benzema is a dick who used his friendship with Valbuena to play gangster. 

What does he get out of this? He has money enough.  

Only "street rep"  with his ghetto friends.  
How much does he make in a year, and how much did he blackmail him for? I mean what's the tradeoff? Just makes no sense. 
[;(](http://s-www.ledauphine.com/images/A816A9D0-2DE8-4F85-B1DD-A9BD6D90DE93/LDL_V0_12/la-page-d-accueil-du-compte-facebook-de-mathieu-valbuena-ou-on-le-voit-en-photo-avec-karim-benzema-qui-l-enlace-amicalement-capture-d-ecran-facebook-1446728164.jpg)
RIP Benzema's career
I haven't been following this but it sounds like Benzema's accused of helping blackmail somebody he doesn't have a grudge against, risking his career and jail time, all for less than a week's wages 

what possible motive could he have?
I heard/read somewhere that blackmailing serves 5 years in prison in france. Nothing like from 1 to 5 years, exactly 5
[**@English_AS**](https://twitter.com/English_AS):
&gt;[2015-11-27 09:44:26 UTC](https://twitter.com/English_AS/status/670176345503191040)

&gt;Valbuena speaks for 1st time since scandal: "I wouldn’t have done this to my worst enemy"  [*as.com*](http://as.com/diarioas/2015/11/27/english/1448617145_209157.html) [*pic.twitter.com*](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/CUzx1bOWIAAl7gT.jpg) [^[Imgur]](http://i.imgur.com/p98bmWF.jpg)

----

[^[Mistake?]](/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&amp;subject=Error%20Report&amp;message=/3ugak6%0A%0APlease leave above link unaltered.)
[^[Suggestion]](/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&amp;subject=Suggestion)
[^[FAQ]](/r/TweetPoster/comments/13relk/)
[^[Code]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster)
[^[Issues]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster/issues)

Bye bye Benz!
How does this effect the national team, if at all? I know Valbuena was a member when he played us (England) in a friendly but don't know if it's a regular thing. Or how it's viewed in France. Do people care? I imagine so as if it was in England it'd be back page headlines.
You can take Karim out of the ghetto but you can't take the ghetto out of Karim.

MV also said that he tried contacting him, with a different phone number, through a staff member at Lyon. When he was forbidden to do so after his custody. He asked him to deny because this does not look good for him "I have a daughter". What a jackass!
Thug life
[Me at the office learning I will never see this cunt face again in the french NT](http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/z8a.gif)
I always knew Benzema was an idiot. He even speaks like one. 
This makes me sad, Benzema was my favourite player but for him to pull some shit like that...what an imbecile
Was all of this only for money? I mean, seriously, huge names with millions being middle men for someone anonymous makes no sense to me. What do they win out of this? They are already millionaires.
What has Benzema done? Im out of the loop with this one
Giroud is a strong brave striker who don't need no competition 
He won't get charged.

Yes this is all very morally messed up but from the evidence presented, Benzema will get off the charges. His mate's mate is the one blackmailing. He doesn't even have direct contact with the blackmailer and his defence of being a friend trying to help will provide enough doubt that he can't be found guilty of anything.
I love how reddit attempts to interpret rumor articles and twitter quotes from something we don't know all the facts to. It's ridiculous that anyone can even formulate an opinion on this when we simply don't know anything. Up until this point it's all be quotes from rumor mill journalist websites seen as hitpieces to destroy the character of all the players involved.
Another problem Madrid have to deal with. 
Don't worry about that, Benzema has been arrested for blackmail and extortion.
This is so disappointing. I mean, especially after Benzema was already involved with the underage escort thing. I just don't understand his logic.

Edit: Has it been asked why they did this? I always got the feeling Benzema was a dick, but that's pretty messed up all around.
I am not a lawyer neither am I French, but I do that like 4 years ago?
I don't know all the facts but it seems like there is a possibility where KB was like I know this blackmailer can't be convinced.. I will try and help MV by making sure it doesn't get out and I will try and help by getting them to talk.. 

Again I don't have the facts is there something concrete? I've heard the word confession thrown about
Can someone put me in the loop?
Could someone explain this whole fiasco to me?  
I've been hearing a lot about this but I'm not totally sure what exactly has happened. Could someone provide a brief summary?
Not really paid much attention to this story. Can someone give me an ELI5 type breakdown of the major events?
Can someone give me a summary of what exactly this is about?  This is the first I've heard of it..
ELI5, what is going on?
Honestly what the fuck is with this guy, why would you demolish your career like this. 
can anyone explain whats happening? what did benzema blackmail about?
So if Valbuena went to the authorities does this mean the sex tape is going to be released?
I honestly don't see Benzema getting any jail time.
Did the woman (women?) on the sex video consent to being recorded?

Am I the only one who has never even thought about recording themself bumping uglies?
are valbuena and benzama gone for the french team?

Shit Benz, you really ruined your career with this...
Could somebody ELI5 what he did?
Benzema to chelsea confirmed -twitter
Giving a good name to muslims throughout the world. thanks kazim, we needed that.
Isn't is a bit weird or stupid even, for Valbuena to go public before anyone has been pledged guilty in court?
To think that Real Madrid declined to sign Suarez because of his behavior, while what Karim Benzema did is 100 times more sordid.
I'm sorry but Can some ELI5 this quick for me? I'm out of the loop :(
So what's so damming about this sex tape? Was he cheating on someone or something? 
So someone tell me how those two will be playing side by side in Euro 2016
Morale of the story- midget porn ain't worth it
But I thought Benzema is innocent and MV and KB are best friend /s

Its funny that reddit circlejerks about circlejerks
[deleted]
Wait can someone ELI5 regarding what happened?  This issue has been circulating around and reading the different comments and threads around I'm still not getting the big picture...
Is this all over just a sex tape? Is it really that deep 
I wonder if Bayern would let Lewandowski for 100mio in winter? Because they will definitely spend big...
What makes me scared is, that it is very easy for the police or the government to listen to anyone's phone call!
Hope he gets finally fired from Real 
😆
sounds like karim just wanted to help his mates out and fucked up imo
You misunderstood him. This is obviously showing his support towards Benzema and his wrongful accusation. Silly non-french speakers... /s
can someone explain me the context of this situation? why is Benz getting blackmailed in the first place? what did he do?
Can someone explain what Benzema did?
A link to a Twitter post which links to a picture of plain text. Thanks OP...
Great assist from the lad.
Sorry but.. this is a joke made by an Uruguayan reporter on twitter because he got mad at Sampaoli's comments.
But of course the truth is that the guy who puts in the time at the bar is the one that usually gets laid. 

It's become popular to disparage dominating possession (particularly by teams or coaches who don't have the technical ability to string three passes together) by pointing out that goals are what matters, but this conveniently overlooks that the team that dominates a match, that dictates the tempo, wins them far more often than teams that play passively, waiting for mistakes, especially at the elite level where quality teams make few mistakes. 
Great stuff, probably sounded less rapey in spanish though.
So what you're saying is the only thing that matters is scoring.
Xavi pls.
[**@atosoccer**](https://twitter.com/atosoccer):
&gt;[2015-11-18 22:41:04 UTC](https://twitter.com/atosoccer/status/667110299686817792)

&gt;Phenomenal quote by Chilean coach Jorge Sampaoli on possession % h/t @JuanG\_Arango [*pic.twitter.com*](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/CUINSEwUsAAMgko.png) [^[Imgur]](http://i.imgur.com/VzeeQWG.png)

----

[^[Mistake?]](/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&amp;subject=Error%20Report&amp;message=/3tdpw3%0A%0APlease leave above link unaltered.)
[^[Suggestion]](/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&amp;subject=Suggestion)
[^[FAQ]](/r/TweetPoster/comments/13relk/)
[^[Code]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster)
[^[Issues]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster/issues)

Ian Holloway had more influence than we previously thought. 
/r/soccer please be your best selves 
Sampaoli did not say that haha
As a Barcelona fan..

triggered.
Celtic/Barca: Never forget.
&gt; a guy came in, grabbed her by the arm and took her to the bathroom. He made love to her

Sounds to me like she got raped. 
What happens if said gentleman takes you to the bathroom? Is that an own goal?
If this had been posted at a better hour it would be front page bound. as it stands it's only front page material. 

His mothers and father agree.
This tweet reads like one of those made up posts.
I thought he was caught on possession of drugs. Dammit
El viejo chico!
I hope he gave her good service in the box ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Have never figured out why he's not been linked with any Premier League jobs. Great South American coaches never are, just completely ignored.

It's good that Manuel Pellegrini is doing such an excellent job at Man City, will hopefully pave the way for more.
[deleted]
I heard that quote years ago.
I find if you use your knowledge of philosophy you're able to defend against any would be thieves 
So the girl that went to the bathroom is the equivalent of making a goal thanks to a penalty?
/r/soccer : Is this a football joke or a rape joke?
absolutely phenomenal analysis
On first read of the title, I thought he was arrested on charges of possession. 
Well if you have all the possession you're more likely to score.  This result is an outlier.
He wouldn't have said that if Chile had won the match.possession football is not always very good to watch but it is quite effective if you want good results.You always have a higher chance of winning a game if you have a high percentage of possession.
I'm pretty sure he's highlighting how pointless it is to talk about how great your possession is when all it takes is one goal to walk away with the points. I noted a hint of sarcasm at the end.
[The picture to this quote](http://i.imgur.com/khuL3Id.png)
CUCK
Do we really have to be so misogynistic in our little anecdotes? 
One of mankind's best quotes.
Sexist as fuck.
If this women was an actual match it sounds like she would be a division 5 match in Latvia. To bed a truly desirable women you need to put in time (and have lots of money). 
But now he's losing 1-0
Who gives a fuck what that little cunt has to say.
This is gold Jerry, Gold! 
That's a nice way to look at things. I will now use that.
So fucking true.
Yes, he is correct.
that bitch
Holy shit, that's absolutely incredible! Great reflexes and a strong hand considering how much of a bullet that ball was. 
I rate Schmeichel.
That's insane. One of the best saves I've seen.
RIP Schmeichel's wrist
As a former keeper I'll file this under "Wank material".
Haven't seen Zlatan scoring too much free kicks recently, but when he finally pulls this massive twatter out of his back pocket, Schmeichel comes out and does this... Bravo for both of the players 👏
One of the best saves I've ever seen! Mad ting from Kasper, how did his hand not break, damn.
This is one of the best saves in recent memory. That was a laser from Ibra
That ball should have detached his arm from his body.
That was a foookin rocket!
inb4 SWE-DEN jokes
Even in slow motion that shot looks fast!
Does he still have all his fingers?
I would love to see a contest between the most elite players to see who could kick the ball the hardest. 
Living up to the family name! 
That's a fucking godlike save.
Might just have saved the tie.
That was a bullet!
He's gotta be a man of steel to have not broken his hand after saving that rocket!
That's a fucking save that like.
That's honestly the best save I've ever seen in my life, especially when you consider that Ibra has a cannon for a foot.
Jesus christ how did he even see that, let alone react, let alone get a hand on it.
When an unstoppable force meets an immovable object.
Like father like son
Damn, Ibra really cunted that ball.
Dad taught him well
As a make-shift-soon-to-be-permanent keeper I have both my hands wanking it as of right now. 
The save was just as good as the free kick. Oh my gosh.
not a lot of people can kick a ball quite as hard as Ibra and to make that save one handed  almost defies logic. 
For a second there I thought Peter Schmichel was still in goal for Denmark.
Not sure anyone here notice, but nice freekick tactics from Sweden.
Keeper had a clear view therefore could react but such power and accuracy.
A save his Dad would be proud of.
The right genes
2-0 before half time would've been devastating for Denmark
Saved it just like his dad would've done. 
Not sure if freekick or 100mph fast ball
That's the most satisfying assist I've watched this season.
IBE! IBE! IBE! 

EDIT: WRONG THREAD! WRONG THREAD! WRONG THREAD!
What a pass. Sturridge is so good at coming back from injury
You really do forget what a difference he makes in the squad after him missing for so long. 

Also what a fucking dime Can dropped 
Those who can, can
Best thing that ever happened to Sturridge is Klopp calling him a pussy it seems......
What the fuck is this Twitter shit. I cannot play the video in any way unless if I'm on a computer
The German Joe Allen feeding it into the English Joe Allen
Sublime bit of play from Emre Can
What a pass EMREEEEEE CANNN
Sturridge now has more goals than Rooney this season 
Saints midfield has gone on strike these last 10 min
[deleted]
That pass from Emre Can made my cat start purring.
What the hell is up with all those unnecessary Unverified tags lately? 
Great pass.
 Sturridge did well to finish, but that ball was absolutely spoon fed to him. What a fucking player Emre Can is
Absolutely filthy pass from Emre Can!
Pretty sure if I tried to do what Can did I'd break both my ankles. 
I'll go ahead and say it, world class when hes fit. 
A Twitter post containing a video sourced from a gif. Is there some competition for the shittiest goal submission?
Anyone got a non-Twitter link?
yo that pass! brb changing my pants!
You know what I love? Opening a Twitter link on my mobile through alien blue, and then pressing play to have it load the same page until I finally have the decency to press open in app. 
Twitter videos need to banned.
Where is the first?
filthy
We've missed you son. Welcome back.
Emre you beautiful, beautiful man. 
What on earth does the "unverified"  tag mean here, are we not sure that it was actually sturridge?? 
[**@LiverpoolGifs**](https://twitter.com/LiverpoolGifs):
&gt;[2015-12-02 20:14:37 UTC](https://twitter.com/LiverpoolGifs/status/672146873428353024)

&gt;2\-1 STUDGE! WHAT A PASS! [*pic.twitter.com*](http://pbs.twimg.com/tweet_video_thumb/CVPyBILWcAESFBm.png) [^[Imgur]](http://i.imgur.com/v7b7VFm.png)

----

[^[Mistake?]](/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&amp;subject=Error%20Report&amp;message=/3v6rk5%0A%0APlease leave above link unaltered.)
[^[Suggestion]](/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&amp;subject=Suggestion)
[^[FAQ]](/r/TweetPoster/comments/13relk/)
[^[Code]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster)
[^[Issues]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster/issues)

It's always great when passes or shots are directly in line with the camera...what a beaut
Never really doubted the finish here. Glad to have the man back. 

But Can, that is just a ridiculous ball. Inch perfect. 
THE ALLEY OOP FROM CAN TO STURRIDGE 
HOW ABOUT THAT EMRE CAN THO?????
That outside of the boot pass was downright Suarez-esc.
Well it was nice to have him back for a game
Sturridge have my babies
Emre have my babies
How is Emre Can doing? Looked quiet good this game although he sometimes loses the ball in stupid ways. 
2 Germans fucking up England.

I can dig it.

*WW2 jokes 3 2 1*
And to think Rodgers was playing him at centre back...
Nice one Dan
Oh my word, Emre Can.
Damn. Real sexy.
Daniel motherfucking Sturridge! And let's not forget Emre Can. 
Oh studge... I'm missed you so much.

But holy fuck emre you beautiful man. Insane pass!
[Alternate angle of the goal](https://twitter.com/LiverpoolGifs/status/672147092379451392)
If only this guy always played.
The German coach is bringing out the best in the German player
Absolute world-class 
That's the perfect aerial through in FIFA.
Sensational pass by Can, by god awful defending by Cedric there. Let Sturridge waltz into the box, even after Caulker very explicitly motions him to stay with his man.
That pass is just godly. The first touch and finish. Oh man.
The Twitter post and the quality of the gif doesn't do the goal justice.  
nice pass
Peach of a ball by Can
SENSATIONAL from Can. What a pass. and backheel. Another player that has improved vastly under Klopp and playing in the right position.  

Look's like Klopps words worked on Sturridge.
Studge &lt;3
What a fucking ball from Can
thats some straight FIFA shit from emre
Can was a great buy but didn't expect Klopp improving him so quickly
That pass is fucking filthy, damn. 
What a fucking ball that was. 

Yes. We. Can. 
Sturridge's record is unbelievable.
That pass by Emre is criminal
D-A-M-N
I'm aroused by that pass
Is that the same Can that I saw play under Rodgers? Can't be. 
That was orgasmic all around.

Where's the Sturridge dance?
Emre can is giving some amazing-ass assists today
Emre, you handsome bloke !
I had this playing on my laptop in class with a V formation behind me watching over my shoulder. The noise of 10 people whispering under their breath "holy shit" is a delightful sound
Fuuuuck twitter links.
Should get another point for the sexy trivela pass.
YES. WE. CAN.
This is why you never start Caulker.
that hustle ball win and lay off from Lallana too
That pass is just a ridiculous ball.
Klopp gives me a hard on
MY BOY!
You really do forget what a difference he makes in the most boring way imaginable.
It probably won't be Lucas so it has to break stride, slots it first touch as it touches the ground.
this man is beautiful!
When all is said and done Emre Can will be mentioned in the same category as Coutinho and Sturridge as world-class players brought in by BR for a bargain price.
Alternate angle of the 2013-2014 season.
Also what a difference he makes in the German player Absolute world-class That's the perfect aerial through in FIFA.
Sell him on! Carra and all the fans have said it the past week! We'll gladly take him off your hands.
Pure, unadulterated filth by Emre
It will be interesting to see who will drop out of the boot pass was downright Suarez-esc.
HOW ABOUT THAT EMRE CAN THO????? That outside of the pass Absolutely filthy pass from Emre Can!
What an abslute beauty from Can, great fucking goal.
Are you an Emre can't?
Are you an Emre can't?
I didn't even have a chance to get mine out, had to change his speed at all and just slots it in low.
Also because Van Gaal has Man United playing in the German player Absolute world-class That's the perfect aerial through in FIFA.
removed.
Sturridge Career milestone
Scores -&gt; gets injured -&gt; scores -&gt; gets injured -&gt; Klopp comes in and tell him to man up-&gt; scores -&gt; scores -&gt; scores.....-&gt; legend
Sturridge has 4 domestic goals this season.
Rooney has 3.
 
Holy fuck, Can. How can someone look so clumsy one second and then deliver such absolute class the next.

Sturridge reminding everyone how lucky we were to at one point have him and Suarez fully fit and playing together. Tragic that we didn't win the league that season.
sounds about right with barca and brazil both with nike, makes cross-promotion easy
It's only natural with Cristiano reaching his 30s and Neymar rising to the top. Also Neymar is a marketing monster and on top of that he plays for Brazil.
Next up : Suarez to be snapped up by Oral-B.
Likely to do with Rio 2016. Neymar wants to play for Brazil and will once again be the poster boy
https://i.imgur.com/cWFHyh.jpg
Probably helps with the "flair" Brazilians have and the upcoming WC. 

EDIT: Sorry meant to say Olympics in rio in 2016
Sounds like it could happen a couple years down the line. Ronaldo is a big marketing monster. Lots of followers on social platforms and hes got the face and body to go along with it. 
Implying anyone over 13 years old gives a shit about the brand superstar
I livein Japan, and and I tend to think of it as the outer reaches of the football solar system, where the light from the center of the football universe only penetrates weakly. There's never been a truly big Japanese footballing star, and interest in the sport does exist, but it's massively subordinate to baseball. Also Japanese culture is so concerned with Japanese things that people who are considered global stars often barely make a dent here (No-one gives a fuck about Beyonce, the entire NBA, most top Hollywood actors). But for all that, Neymar is a huge star here. Way bigger than Messi or Ronaldo, he's basically replaced Beckham, the last player to be a household name, in the football canon. Most of the kids know who he is, even girls with no interest in football, whereas only the football crazy kids know Cristiano and Messi. The kid is extremely good-looking, an exceptionally talented and stylish player, and already has global recognition, it's a no brainier really.
There has been discussion of marketability and brands in this thread. It had me thinking, Could Ronaldo possibly reach levels of Beckham's popularity if Cristiano finished his career like David? 

It seems like he would want to go in that direction after retirement, I don't think he wants to be directly involved with football on a team level. 
It makes sense. He's the next guy. Age gets us all.
Maybe they should sort out which boots he's wearing first.  
I know there's other factors here, but I'm not surprised with the form he's in
He deserves it
"Dethroning". lol /r/soccer really does have a flair for the dramatic. Neymar is the heir apparent of all of Football/Soccer. It's a natural transition.

edit: Of course this is an unpopular post with some. OP being a Barca fan had nothing to do with the language of the title even though the article never uses those words. Hahaha carry on. "Dethroned".

double edit: I'd like to point out that I now have more Instagram followers than my brother and I have dethroned him from being the most followed in our family. 
Probably the age.
Who do I hate more?
Glad we're paying attention to what really matters.
Lets hope he doesnt get injured again for his big games!
I doubt it, Becks had a natural charm that Ronaldo is a marketing monster and on top of that he plays for portugal, and RM, an adidas team.
OP being a Barca related one like this is an unpopular post with some.
I don't think it's a coincidence that, since Neymar has been getting more media because of MSN's (and Barca's, obviously) success this season, he has been wearing that Nike headband more often and doing slightly heavier Nike product placement on his Instagram pictures. And now this announcement... It makes perfect sense.
When the Supreme begins to fade and wane, a new witch becomes stronger, more elegant, more radiant.
Probably a good move in the long run. I love Ronaldo but Nike might as well jump on the next emerging star and get branding and such underway as early as possible. I doubt the move away from Ronaldo will be sudden. 
Mistake - should be Vardy.
These titles made by american barcelona fans are really annoying
Ahh yes, Neymar, the Brazilian nugget.
Well they need someone who's more suited to horizontal ads.
My dad still calls him noomer, which I still laugh at for some reason.
HE'S BETTER THAN RONALDO FOR SURE
Sounds right considering Neymar is the better player and much more entertaining to watch.
Still hate Neymar
And it gets confusing at the door and then he asks me if I'd like to try on a counter in the wrong size and color.
why would Ronaldo take money from Nike when he has his own brand of everything now

he's like the Tom Ford of the sports world
[deleted]
Cr7 is hitting a downward spiral 
His new haircut is a lot more than Cristiano these days.
Someone from Nike must have seen that highlight video posted here the other day.
It's just how business works Ronny boy. Out with old, in with the new. Act accordingly.
How do ya like them apples
Ballon Dior confirmed
NeyGod
God I remember watching this with my mates 4 years ago having no idea who Neymar was and just being completely shocked. The way he beats that last defender is one of the most disgusting bits of skill I've ever seen to beat a defender one on one. Absolutely filthy. 
Anyone who hasn't seen this game should go watch this immediately. One of the best games of the Brasileirao in recent years.
I like how the last defender that Neymar did the crazy trick on put his arms up like "fuck this, I'm out" 
that's a much better goal than the one from this weekend.  he pulls defenders, creates and drives space, passes the damn ball, then touches his way through the entire back line.
Four years later and I still haven't got the slightest clue how he does this 
Wish I could see this in slo motion. After all these years I still dont understand what the fuck he does to get passed that last defender. Nuts
what happened to Ganso?
He was what? 18/19 at the time? And it was already his second goal nominated for the Puskas award.

Edit: here's a [video](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=U_QYno_TXlQ) of his Puskas nominated goals. He was only 17 when he scored the first one.
I like his perm more. 
This happened 4 years ago? Damn, time flies
Really recommend watching this match, it was crazy, we somehow managed to win 5-4, and ronaldinho scored a nice one too
What a comeback that was ! Ronaldinho just casually carrying his team after 3-0 in the first half. I really miss him.
I just looked at the Puskas nominees for the past 7 years, and Neymar has been nominated every year besides (surprisingly) last year since 2010.

Can't say I'm too shocked.
He'll never make it in Europe, too flashy.
That was such a great game to watch. That goal and then Ronaldinho scoring a hat trick to win the match from
behind.
I remember, back then everyone was like, "Duh he can do that shit in potato leagues but wait till he meets actual capable defenders.", we were so wrong.
This is probably the best goal I've seen in my life...
I can't believe I thought he would flop. 
I still find Messi's contender that year to be better.

I guess everyone was numb from Messi goals so it didn't get that much appreciation.
The skill is just unbelievable. 
Love the classic ball
keeper pissed at defense. honestly, that's one goal you can't really blame the defense
my god
Amazing ball control
Him turning the last defender so badly is *still* the slickest move I've ever seen.
One of the few puskas goals I remember watching. 
Ouch and against my team as well. :(
Didn't Ronaldinho score a hattrick in this particular match
The last defender he beats putting his hands up as to say "No, I didn't touch him." Don't worry, everyone saw.
sooo easy:)
Haha lads he'll never make it in a big league!!!!
Funny thing is that this was the 3-0 to Santos, but Flamengo managed to win that game 5-4 with Ronaldinho scoring 3 goals for them, unbelievable fucking game with Ronaldinho and Neymar having a unbelievable performance. 
The guy just loves scoring ridiculous goals dont he
but something something..... brazilian defenders...
4 years already? damn im old
Remember those "Neymar won't cut it in Europe" talks? Good times. Also, that goal was a fucking beaut.
How could I even doubt his potential... 
I've always rated him. 
link is not working for me. gif doesnt start.
plays better without messi
'In honour of Neymar being alive we /r/soccer have presented him with a golden tongue to represent how clean we keep his anus'
[Matty burrows goal was better that year](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KzAZTdyOXcA)
Always rated him tbh
Must be a shock after years in front of rabid German fans.
That was hella clever by Klopp
YNWA*

^^^^^^^^^^-

\* Terms and Conditions Apply
I've never been to Anfield but I see a lot of people blaming tourists.

Do you really think tourists who travlled from far away will leave a game early? I can't image myself going there after dreaming to go there and leave 12 min before the game because I don't think they can still win. I would stay there and enjoy the experience and support my team because it's probably a once in a life time experience.
Everyone's got to get back to London. 
Gotta beat that mad rush on the motorway home innit, Sunday night. Back in time for Downton.
YNWA
[Clarification:](https://twitter.com/neiljonesecho/status/663425513927671808) Klopp says not disappointed by fans leaving. Says players are responsible for making sure nobody leaves.

It's nice that he puts it that way. Still disappointed by our fans though.
crowd was bad today ,not sure if its palace-ptsd or what but i felt that i was louder in my living room
Whatever kind of manager he ends up being for Liverpool the guy will leave a mark in the league for making fans love the football with passion regardless of the result. Such a simple statement about supporting your team and the players in tough moments.
I've never understood why people leave early.

Even in today's Arsenal vs Tottenham game, people were getting up and leaving in injury time with the game at 1-1.

Then half of them were turning their heads as they filed up the stairs.....just.....why.
YAWA
For the people who now think he's blaming the fans, he said this just 2 minutes later: https://youtu.be/5XR3iGOlD_Y?t=6m4s
I don't blame him for being disappointed, there was still 80mins of football left to play, anything could happen.
It would be better if these people wouldn't bother travelling so far if they have to leave early.
Will be interesting to see how the Liverpool fans react to someone that won't lick their arse at every opportunity like their last manager did.
They take the piss about us not filling our stadium, but Anfield has a shit atmosphere. Probably one of the worst in England. Just carrying a bunch of banners, scarfs and flags to the stadium isn't enough to brag about the atmosphere. The stadium is silent all through the game, except maybe for a few seconds after you lot score a goal.

Here's a footage of  Liverpool fans booing after their match against Norwich recently: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mRnh9n_xbv4
"Klopp slams Liverpool fans for deserting own team"

"Klopp blames own fans for Liverpool's Anfield loss to Palace"

"Crisis at Anfield as Klopp turns on own fans"
Atletico Madrid just scored in 94' minute and won the game 1-0. I don't understand how you can leave when there is still ~3 minutes of game left
"You will sometimes walk alone."
I posted the same thing on the lfc reddit, a lot of people also leave for genuine reasons, be it safety concerns etc.

I've been to Anfield more times than I can possibly remember. When I was young my dad made us leave the stadium 5 minutes before the end every single time due to him worrying he'll lose me, safety concerns etc. 

Until I was 16, this was routine. I only remember one game that we stayed for and that was in the Millenium Stadium after winning the Worthington Cup against Birmingham. 

Nowadays, we have to leave early because my dad has siatica, so its just safer to beat that mad rush. 

People do have genuine reasons sometimes. I understand most will live depending on the scoreline but a large amount also leave for other reasons to.
At least London clubs have a solid transport infrastructure to rely on..

Have you been to Anfield?

It's like someone decided to stick a football stadium in the middle of Mogadishu and the only way in or out is a 3 mile walk into the city or on 1 bus that 45,000 want to get on.
Anfield's atmosphere has generally been fucking dismal since Hodgson. I'm just worried that Klopp will become disillusioned and leave because of these entitled fuckheads and ruin a great thing for us supporters who would give anything to go to Anfield once.
Damn, this makes me sad for Klopp. 
Welcome to English football Kloppo
Even though I'm a blue, I still love the guy
Is it too late for 'Klopp out!'?
[deleted]
You'll walk alone klopp
Welcome to the premier league. Sad state of things.
Look at the first reply, everyone can talk shit on twitter yet they weren't even there.
Klopp's eventual autobiography will be *huge*.
that moment when kop realized, he will walk alone
What a great comment. Hopefully the next time liverpool play at Anfield the early leavers will get an earful from the faithful as they make the walk of shame.
Well, guess we deserve to be the butt of the jokes here. 


It's a travesty that fans aren't staying back to cherish every single moment Jürgen fuckin' Klopp is in our dugout. 


He deserves better than this. Must have been a shock to him, don't believe Dortmund fans abandoned him and his team like this. 
Get used to it, because the fans are shite.
Suppose he's not used to managing a club for plastic fans. The EPL has some of the worst fans in all of Europe.
I'm not happy with the boleyn ground's atmosphere for the most part,  but if the bobby moore lower is a retirement home then the kop is a morgue.
When you laugh, the whole world laughs with you. But when you fart, your on your own.
****
He's been spoiled by the Dortmund fans, clearly. He better get used to the walk-outs when losing at Liverpool.
so you do walk alone?
Doesn't change the fact that your team sucks dick currently. 
All the foreign Liverpool Fans needed to leave early to catch there planes home.
This is just English fans in general, sadly, but true.
That scouser feel. 
Those are Liverpool fans for you
Cold as ice, this has to be a dagger to the heart of liverpool supporters
You'll Never Watch Alone!

Don't worry Klopp,  you now manage a team that most fans have higher ambitions than the club can actually attain... Due to a purple patch in the 20th century,  most Liverpool fans,  still to this day, think they are the British Real Madrid and get salty when they routinely lose.  
This is sad, Liverpool used to have mad atmosphere and fans will keep singing even they're one goal or two goals down.. I dont hear that anymore. Im not sure if the disease Brodgers was the one responsible for this abysmal morale and disgusting show of attitude from the fans.. I understand if fans leave the stadium when the manager is doing a shitty job to show some protest.. but this is a new liverpool with a new manager and support and time is needed.. 

hope his words will make the fans realized how much they are needed in the stadium through thick and thin.
You'll never walk alone, Klopp. 
*crickets chirping*
Well, all the fans leaving weren't *walking* *alone* - they had loads of company. So strictly speaking, yes, at Liverpool it's always possible YNWA.
poor guy. 
I can't blame fans for leaving, especially in the Premier League, sure some are band wagoners but also the fans are paying ridiculous ticket prices which makes it funny reading the opinions of some of these condescending Germans who aren't paying anything near the same amount.
Deflecting the heat
We need a bigger stadium so everyone can get in and create an atmosphere. Give the old locals with season tickets some seats near the new active support and watch them run away. 
The fact that many Liverpool fans see Klopp as their savior is pretty hilarious considering that he almost got relegated with the 2nd best squad in the bundesliga less than a year ago.
Our ground atmosphere is down to the football. Once that changes the crowd changes. We were rocking under the season we finished 2nd under two managers. We didn't win the league but had belief. Klopp says it how it is but for us to be feared and create a "famous" atmosphere we need to instil the belief back into the players and the fans will follow suit. When we came back against Chelsea that was the first time since 2013, so we are use to going behind and doing fuck all about it.
Look how Lingard strolls away after that. I can clearly imagine him just calmly walking out of stadium and walking into Thames
Lingard walks off like he completely refuses to acknowledge what happened. 
Lingard had a good career while it lasted.
The way Lingard just walks off, he knows.
That's just not on Capoue, you could end a guys career like that...

 I'm surprised Lingard hasn't signalled to the bench that he's had enough after it
That kind of play would receive a larger reaction then a goal if I was playing with friends 
Capoue sent him to the shops for bread &amp; milk
Love how Lingard's will to continue playing is destroyed and Young has to push him out of the way to go after Capoue
I think Capoue just peaked. 
also know as getting "Eriksen'd"
I shouted and my dad ran through thinking we'd scored. I had to then explain to him what a nutmeg is
He still had his entire life to live man...
Just mugged Lingard's soul there, that was filthy.
So clean and smooth.
Watching Capoue this year, the man is insanely talented. Lets himself down sometimes but his natural skill is incredible.
Nearly fell off my couch
That's just rude.
that's career ending. should be fined for that
Ain't no coming back from that. He'd be as well retiring.
He sent Lingard back to the youth academy
thats simply not okay
Walk it off, son
FILTHY, Lingard's body language as he strolls away from the scene of the crime says it all really.
Lingard: "I can't even."
That's a proper nutmeg. The way he walks it off and the crowd reaction.
Megged him so hard he hit factory reset.
He knew he had no right to chase for the ball after that
[The football world reacts](http://i.imgur.com/xgz9nkR.gif)
I think that nutmeg just got me a bit pregnant. 

Love the crowd reaction.
Sweet as candy! Best nutmeg in the PL so far this season.
Absolute filth.
That nutmeg just snatched his soul. You can see as his body walks off, a hollow of his former self.
Scoop turn OP pls nerf EA
Love the reaction from the crowd
Lingard hated his mom for giving birth to him at that moment.
God damn! 

Easy capoue, that man has a family 
Learned that from Eriksen back in the day
You might say he let his Gard down 
Oh lawd
"obla"
Oh my....
That kid is not gonna sleep tonight. 
Smooth
dirty motherfucker
Showboat Week 15?
[When Lingard returns home](http://replygif.net/740)
The look of stress On Jesse's face priceless. Ha
Please Capoue that man has a family
Lingard learned the Martial walk.
Never did that for us
Jut walk it off...
Today we learned that Omar is an americanista. May god have mercy on his soul.
http://imgur.com/8mepxDR
[AA](https://streamable.com/awkk)

fucking amazing.
I want Tigres to win the damn championship, not only because Tuca reminds me of my grandpa but because Gignac is a freaking beast!!
This is still one of the most unlikely signings in recent memory (kinda like Cambiasso to Leicester) but man, has it been a great one. He's been fantastic and seems to love playing there as much as they love having him. So awesome.
And I missed this beauty for some flautas. They're delicious tho
I'm not saying he's better...but God do I like him more than Benz.
You should post the Chilindrina goal too, Rodrigo. Upvote this so we can watch it in cool hi def.
Gignac is having a lovely ol' time in Mexico.
First Hugo Sanchez, now Gignac! Poor La Volpe.
The French Benzema
that wasnt offside?

[I'm just happy that he's happy.](http://i.imgur.com/kLwzKFo.gifv)
fat beautiful romani prince
All my neighbors just heard me scream this beauty of a goal!!
Ay dios mio
the passion of those Mexican fans is insane. place erupts. 
Fuck this guy...
Great to see him doing well in Mexico hopefully he comes back to Europe.
Que pinché golazo
Love this guy
Gignac!!!
What the hell is wrong with this sub. This could be a puskas contender and its sitting at like 400 up votes 3 hours old

EDIT: I now blame the time it was posted. Good job /soccer
I have watched some liga mx in my life. But not enough!!!
Everyone talking about Omar in this thread and everyone ignoring /u/rodrigoelcrack 's awesome gif
Poro Popoooo Poro Popoooo El que no salte es Rayado Maricon!!!!
Oh hi Ochoa !
The goal everyone dreams of scoring
Man im glad hes having a good year and seems to like liga MX, hopefully this attracts other superstars to follow his footsteps 
Such a good goal. 
That's top tier finishing.
The gooool scream..
I haven't seen a foreign player love their fans in the middle of the americas.
Had no idea he left Marseille to play in the mexican league. Looked up some stats and he seems to do really well. Nice to see.
VAMOS TIGERES
The good ole' Toulouse great. Miss the guy but he's living it up in North American Spanishville
Noice
André-Pierre GOL!!!
He has been some discussion about him moving to the other side. yep. it's crazy how much he's changed.
When the commentator said his name, it sounded like "Hyena". We should call him the Hyena now.
what a golazo. he seemd offside though...?
Niiiiice!
You guys don't know that is a scissor kick? A bicycle kick is fully backwards, or even the smallest sideways, a clearly sideways kick is a scissor kick.
Big Mac evolves in to Big Burrito!
the poor man's giroud
Why tf is Gignac playing in Mexico? He was great for Marseille last year
Reposting this from the lfc thread because it's hilarious:

http://img.rasset.ie/000b598f-642.jpg
Just for some sort of context/background - The word "fuck" and all derivatives of it alongwith a whole other bunch of English swear words are really not seen as a big deal in Germany, Austria and other parts of Europe. People say it in TV, Radio etc all the time. There are no radio edit censored version of songs because radio stations play the original versions including expletives. Klopp's personality just makes this hilarious either ways.
One loss in the last 16 games, of course it had to be against fucking Palace. 
He's too hilarious, this guy is pure entertainment! Loved his press conferences back in Dortmund. Liverpool can be Proud to Have signed such a great Manager 
I want to hate this guy so much.

I hate him for not being able to hate him.

But now I already forgive him because he's so awesome.
Fucking love Klopp. Dude seems to genuinely love his job and is down to earth to boot.
I know those feels. 
You can see the guy absolutely loves his job, you could say he's showing great *character*.

But on a serious note, glad for Liverpool to have brought a great manager like him.
Klopp must be fearless when entering the House of Pards.
It was his Pardageddon.
hes cooler than the other side of the pillow
I can't wait for soccer viral 3.
How can you not love this guy &lt;3
I like how he was pretty straight forward and nonchalant, like a German... Wunderbar! 
Looking at Liverpool's fixture results since Klopp took over, I think it's safe to say his first 10 games were better than "OK" despite the loss to palace
Miss you
i keep trying to hate him, but i can't. you scouse signed a great manager
Hahaha, this man has so much charisma. 
Gotta love Kloppo
I wish I could hate the man
Klopp is a breath of fresh air.
Now the question I have is, can he get fined for this in England? I hope not.
[deleted]
How can I hate liverpool with this gem of a man at the helm, gerrard gone, and their beautiful football.

tl;dr: fuck gerrard 
I fucking love this man
*Fucking lose
Same here Klopp, Same here




5-1....


:(
Nah, my mate is a breath of fresh air.
You just can't get enough of him.
And now you smashed Southampton, good lord...
Klopp will get to know Pardiola even more. In 2-3 seasons he will have nightmare about that master tactician and how he consistently out tactics him. 
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
The media love affair with Klopp continues. Don't get me wrong, I love this quote, but if Wenger or Mourinho said this, the headlines would be skewed and they would be accused of being bitter. 
Yes, let the hate flow through you.
Brilliant. Before the Liverpool/Palace game Klopp said he didn't care about our recent history and that we didn't mean anything to him. It's nice to know that he's aware of little old Palace now. 
Fucking Palace. Always ruining everything.
I'm trying to think how I can express this without it sounding too harsh (I know I'll be looking at -20 in a matter of minutes anyway), but this guy seems to be the only English-based manager that German users of r/soccer actually approve of. Can't think why.
Germans love effing and jeffing, even the youts over there drop the bar
What a guy, gr8 manager.
fine him for cursing 
can someone please photoshop Klopp onto a Miles Davis pic
So he'll get a fine right? No of course he won't.
aaaand he's fucked up his shoulder again.
What's up with that guy showing off his messi Madrid jersey? Lol
My god the goals today in La Liga 
http://i.imgur.com/sg4IKL9.jpg
Ramos ~ "Worth it!".

The top 3 goals of the matchday can easily be the top 3 goals of the season in any league
Ramos died for that. 
This is clearly La Liga's frontpage day, lads.
what a goal
Most technical defender in world football by a mile. 
La Liga with a lot of great goals today
3 new nominees for the 15/16 Puskas award just like that
Hold my beer.
Injured :( 
Jesus Christ op you're fast as fuck
Great goal.
Wow, that was great
Magisterial goals today, we are being spoiled! 
The fuck, today is dreamgoal-day or what...
It seems that everyone in La Liga saw the Puskas nominees and said "Fuck it, I can do better".
holy shit that kit looks sexy.
Um no pain no gain right?
The goal is awesome, but it's sad that Ramos was injured 
Goal ramos youtube :

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g0pVAzr_QUo

How long will he be out? Will he make el clasico?
What an awesome goal too bad he injured his shoulder afterwards. I hope he is not out for that long 
Almost as good as Mertesacker's bicycle pass today.
La chillena de Sergio Ramos!!
Hope hes alright
Everyone relax. His shoulder is fine. Its how he landed on it, hes a tough SoB. 

Beautiful goal. 
Awesome!
Oh captain my captain
This is why I think bicycle kicks are ridiculous. I'm surprised there aren't more neck injuries from these shots.
A first touch bycicle kick goal from beyond the penalty spot and only 1400 points?

What's wrong with you people?
against his formal club. gets injured too
Totally worth the dislocated shoulder.
Guy gives Mexes a good run for his money. It's like they're both trying to out do each other on who is the better Centre back striker
Why the white socks? 
proper sunday league that
I hoped so much that Mertesacker would've pulled this off
For some reason i don't find bicycle-kick goals very attractive but this one is quite fascinating
those blue kits are sweet.
Was it worth it to dislocate your shoulder for?
and he got injured....................worth it
Hey Neymar,nice goal ;)  too many worldies today 
That's our CB.
worth the pain!
but at what price!!
WHAT A GOAL! Hope he's alright tho.
That is just.. Sexy.
Get fucked. Hard. That was unbelievable. 

Glad he seems to be ok afterward. 
Literally watched this and said "Had to be Ramos.."
Overhead directly from the corner.. better than most of the Puskas nominees.
ahahaha even Ramos scores like that before Ronaldo.
Every Real Madrid player is gonna end up getting a bicycle kick before Ronaldo.
OP is writing the score as if Ramos scores a bicycle kick own goal
Goal of the week. 
Ramos is confirmed a better attacker than Ronaldo
Now the haters become the admirers ;)
Bicycle kicks are overrated imo.
It's not called a fucking chilena for God's sake
"FUCK SAKE"

That's all I could hear on the replay haha
All I really wanted was the camera to pan to Sterling after each Liverpool goal. 
You could hear Hart yell "Fuck's sake" after it hit the net. Skrtel absolutely cunted that.

*NBC just apologized for the obscene language lmao
Switch over from El Classico and I'm greeted with this absolute banger straight away. Cunted that in!
Basically Messi. 
What a night for the neutral viewer, both this match and el clasico
Can only imagine that Skrtel was thinking "FUCKING 'AVE IT" when he hit it. 
skinhead bantz unreal
I fucking love playing City

Even if we lose its always a quality game
What a fucking hit
I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO FEEL!
Just absolutely fucks it. Great game from the whole of Liverpool team.

Lol "Fucks Sake!"
Squirtle skipped Wartortle and evolved straight to Blastoise.
Am I in heaven? 
Where's the "Fuck sake!" everyone is mentioning? I can't hear it
Did Joe Hart shout "Fuck sake"
Thanks mr skrtel
WHAT A HIT SON
Skrtel &amp; Coutinho need to have mercy on City, it's basically abuse at this point
Dont think he has ever hit the ball like that before. Usually hoofs it or heads it. 
This is just too good
Did he fall into the photography pit during the celebrations? Seemed to apologise to one of the guys down there just before they turned to go back to their own half, but I missed what happened.
http://i.imgur.com/zwf4X5T.jpg
Lol what the fuck
Totally deserves it, he's played fantastically today.
"fuck sake" summed it up for city fans.
FUCKS' SAKE SKRTEL!
What a fucking hit
The sound when the ball hits the net is so satisfying. 
SHIT! Did you see that? He must have a foot like a traction engine!
Fucking top class finish
what a loveable cunt
Bantz train has hit full speed
This game just gets better and better
FFS
He fucked that in. 
Never expected that from Skrtel,what a blooter
Rocket.
Thundercunt.
YNWAAAA
Just twatted that.
SKRTEL IS EVOLVING! 
They're not even done celebrating, how did you get this up so fast?
Anyone hear the "fuck sake" on the TV mics? 
for a second i thought gerrard was playing
Holy shit.
Absolute fucking rocket
fucking munted that one in
Was that joe hart saying fuck sake hahahaha 
Shouldn't that be an assist for Benteke?
Skrtel doing that? I believe Wengers doping theories now!
I still can't believe that Skrtel had that in him. 
God I love the sound of the ball smacking against the back of the net.
I just love the sound of the ball hitting the back of the net!  It's so satisfying!
"Why not shoot against Joe Hart"
made my day...
Thank.
Doot doot
Classy by Milner not to celebrate
As a Liverpool supporter I hate Joe Hart for his ridiculously good saves today. As an England supporter I love Joe Hart for his ridiculously good saves today.
Martin, I take a bit back. Not all. It was already 3. But I take some of the criticism back.
SKRTEL used MEGA KICK! It's SUPER EFFECTIVE!
At the very least Benzema has some very questionable friends.
It just like some classic movie plot: two guys grow up together. One become a successful person, another become a bad guy. The bad guy asked for a little favour. This little favour snowballs into a big crisis.
How the fuck does he get time to do all this?
If this is true then it's obvious Benzema is a very stupid man. 
[deleted]
All of this is almost making me sad he didn't go to Arsenal in the summer, might have taken a bit of the media spotlight off us!
[deleted]
What are you doing Benzema, you're the starting striker for perhaps the most storied side of all time... 
Benzema is Keyser Söze.
Tomorrow I am fully expecting the Headline, "Benzema being investigated for being a French Sleeper Cell in Spain" 
Balón de Plata o Plomo for Benzema!
He should change his name to Karime.
This guy...has a lower IQ than a sack of potatoes **if** this is true. How dumb can you be? Makes a shitload of money per year yet he still feels the need to participate in illegal activities. You have to seriously have the IQ of a walnut.
Never thought I would see my country on /r/soccer's front page. Never thought I'd read about this case on reddit. Never thought Benzema was involved in drug trafficking. Never thought Benzema knew we're on the map.
So... How's Vardy looking? I reckon they might need a new striker
Soon he will be linked to ISIS recruiters.
At this point he could join Chelsea in January so this would be perfect /r/soccercirclejerk material
http://i.imgur.com/tJaBJjl.gifv
You would think someone in his position would do his best to stay out of these things...
Ok Benzema needs to take the opposite advice of Drake, dude needs a lot of new friends
CASH RULES EVERYTHING AROUND ME
KARIM
[You dont seem to realise he didnt choose the thug life, the thug life chose him] (http://i3.mirror.co.uk/incoming/article5226255.ece/ALTERNATES/s615/Benzema-BugattiMAIN.jpg)
The Aaron Hernandez of the futbol world. 
I feel like Benzema has some shitty friends that he should have let go a long time ago
Laisse moi zoom zoom zang

 &amp;nbsp;
Dans ta Benz Benz Benz

"[Dressing](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pmY4fnUZ1W0) up trying to be us// how the fuck they gonna be the mob when we always on our job?
We millionaires, killing ain't fair but somebody got to do it"

&amp;nbsp;

Thuglife
Damn Benzema is living one hell of a life. 
Is that article legit though?
just as Piers Morgan was going to pay his bail to sign for Arsenal ... unfortunate ... 
Opens the door for Aubameyang move.
KARIM, WHY U DO THIS THIS HARAM!!!!!
Tomorrow we will find out he is member of ISIS.
Hala Interpol!!!
Sex with an underaged girl, blackmailed a teammate and now runs a drug network. Next thing we know Karim has the Malaysia airplane in his backyard.
Looks we found the perfect candidate to replace Sepp Blatter as the chair of FIFA. 
Are you fucking kidding? I struggle to believe this, i think his "friend" is making just a name of himself with this story which wil come out to nothing. 

The Valbuena story is probably true but this one isn't. At least he isn't directly involved in it. There's no reason why a millionaire would try to make a living out of this, absolutely no sense!
Sounds like a candidate to be on the FIFA committee. 
You can take the man out of the ghetto, but you can’t take the ghetto out of the man

Just strengths the stereotype that footballers are thick 
Well, all I can really say about this is... Dodged a fucking bullet lads.
/u/Camaradona Can you translate the article please? :)
Shit has hit the fan, I wonder how Perez will deal with this. 
Wow, Karim keeps some really shady company. And my mom thinks my friends are a bad influence. *Pfffsshhhhhh*....
So he is mentioned by someone. How is this newsworthy. 
Isn't he from the ghetto  like Ribery and picked on other players who could speak properly and stuff like that?
Zombie Pablo Escobar must be like..."Air Cocaine? Fucking casual."
Finally, we have the perfect story to adapt for a movie in which Shia Labeouf can realise his destiny; he was cloned in order to play Benzema on screen. 
Something something cocaine something something "los blancos"
I think the worst part about getting arrested in France is that they have to put you in a gay little Peugeot to take you to the station
He is proof that no matter who you are the people you associate yourself with can lift you up or drag you the fuck down.
I really like Benzema. I definitely doubt he's involved in this. The media's really portraying him as being a crime fiend and he's not. I really hope this clears up soon.
It's not too hard to believe if you listen to the music he plays in his Instagram videos.
He's just getting a few business ventures off the ground in preparation for what he'll be doing after retirement. 
Wow! The walls are closing in for Benzema.. All at once! 
If all this is true (big if), I hope and assume it ends his career and has him rotting in a jail cell for a while. 

If untrue, damn, his name will be tarnished for quite a while. 
I'm so disappointed. His career sounds like it's ending 
WTF is this dude into?
How come I saw this coming just from looking at his Instagram... Sad that he will be wasting his talent
Who is the Pablo Escobar of Football?

Jamie Vardy, Andy Carroll or Benzema?
[relevant](https://youtu.be/XiVveTWS7d8) 
Shia Labeouf is taking this method acting thing too far.
Hopefully, and given the information that has been coming out it seems like a long shot, but I hope this is just a case of hanging with the wrong crowd. Not doing anything bad *per se* but just with the wrong crew at the wrong time.  
He's the new Walter White

He's done
Why would he do stuff like this? I know it isn't confirmed about the drugs, but at least the sex tape thing? It can't be about money, i can't imagine someone like him is lacking money. 
https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/68/d4/a5/68d4a5fb3f535aca4093d89954829db8.jpg
Should have moved to Arsenal. Our lawyers are quite experienced in this kind of shit.
I hope he's not in a French jail when he has to appear in Spanish court in 2 weeks for driving without a license

A legend in two games like Pee-Wee Kirkland.
Who does Benzema hangs out with?.. 
It might turn out to be good that he didn't come to London. 
So that's what my parents meant by "Don't make friends with the wrong guys"!
Well at least he didn't get caught in possesion
I read the headline in a kind of quiet lecture hall right as lecture was about to behind.
All I could manage to say was 
"WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK"
Needless to say embarrassment took over fast

This is almost Aaron Hernandez dumb if its true, jeez. 
I don't think I've ever even heard of Le Point, yet people will believe anything. 

If we are just throwing out random rumors, I think I saw Benzema on the Grassy Knoll. 
Benzema you fucking idiot
They shall be judged by the company they keep.
And I was thinking his Bugatti, shitload of cars and massive mansion isn't something a player of his caliber could afford ... I knew there is something sketchy in there.

/s
Funny to see how people believe in this bullshit.
Hahaha...hope he gets locked up and hes not playing for France in euro 
Benzema has outgrown logic. 
Is this not the norm for soccer players? NFL players have been doin this shit for decades. It's usually the really good ones too.

Can take the athlete out of the hood, but not the hood out of them. (no idea where benzema is from/raised.)
no wonder Rihanna was interested in him.
His playing career is on the rocks atm,  but seriously it's sad that he couldn't shake those demons 
Can't say I wasn't caught up in the Benzema to Arsenal hype train, but I always thought he looked like a shady character
American here, I see stuff all the time about NFL or NBA players getting in trouble for shit like DUIs and owning illegal weapons, and it always blows my mind how someone could act so recklessly with such great talent/opportunity. This is next level though, what the fuck could Benzema have been thinking? 
Klopp on a one man mission to prove Germans have a sense of humour. So far so good.
I long for the days when it was easy to hate the Liverpool manager.
3 points to liverpool
We have struck gold
top banter
Video link here 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WNJP3_YLFsI#t=3m10s
Who knew it would be the Germans nailing it on banter?
I LUV THEES MAN
Top bantz
#ThanksgivingKloppBack
Let's see how far he can take it.

"Thanks for your comments. They're as valuable as the £35m we paid for Andy Carroll"
So, Mignolet out, Leno in then?
:'(
Damn, that's gotta sting.
worthless without a video :(
Better banter than Danny Dyer. 
What a legend!
I ain't even mad he spanked us on the weekend. The banter is like a soothing balm. 
Starting to like Klopp. Fuck. 
pot retnab
Klopp is the likable version of Mourinho.
This guy...
lol this dude is awesome. 
Video link here https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WNJP3_YLFsI#t=3m10s It's only a matter of time until the ref parked his car.
Video: https://youtu.be/PB9difFBAbo?t=5m44s
hahaha this is amazing. 
I think people sympathise with him every once and a while and not at him.
I believe he apologized to him after this You are being downvoted, but you aren't that wrong.
Yeah, but that's because we all sometimes are assholes.
Almost......
The important part is to scale back down to earth, relatable guy who sometimes loses his cool.
How can you not love this man? &lt;3
I love Klopp above every other coach but this circlejerk is getting a bit much. This was a fun line to drop after the match but pretty average thing to say for Klopp~ I hate all these "great" quotes by Mourinho, Wenger, Van Gaal and now Klopp getting so much attention.
Mignolel
It's only human of him to be a cunt for being an angry cunt when things don't go his way.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!
Having had a serious knee injury, I know exactly what he means, and he's not taking a shot at him. 

You have been out for so long, and you build it up and build it up and pay so much attention to your knee that you get paranoid about any kind of small pain or weird feeling and immediately your mind jumps to it being something catastrophic and you're going to be back on crutches. 

It takes time to get small pains and knocks and realise that not everything is a serious injury. You have to normalise again - especially for a professional like Sturridge - pros always talk about never being 100% fit and always having to play through some small niggle. 
A lot of ex pros have said similar things about him actually. Plenty of players play through pain of some kind, rarely is a footballer 100% going in to a match.
That's the most German thing I have ever heard.
lol Klopp basically called Sturridge a pussy
“I understand why everyone is waiting. If it wasn’t someone with the quality of Daniel no-one would think about it. You have to learn what is serious pain or only pain – but of course everyone wants him back on the pitch.”

Is this actually a swipe at sturridge.. I don't think so.
I don't blame him. Many players are afraid to even be muscled off the ball after having a serious injury.
Sounds a lot like a Louis Saha situation. Hopefully they can get him some mental help, if he needs it, to get him comfortable on the pitch.
He actually said: "We all have to learn."  Meaning the whole club and Sturridge must stay patient. 
In 2 days Klopp has called Mignolet a subpar keeper and Sturridge a pussy, both times in public

Who's next?
Look, the headline makes it sound more serious and dickish than it actually is with context. Who would have thought that?
Sturridge is worried about being seriously injured again, so he thinks of every ache and pain as an injury. It's not ideal, but a lot of people are subconsciously overly careful about reinjury when they've just recovered. I don't think Klopp is calling him out at all, just explaining the mental side of it. 

Hopefully Danny can overcome the mental wall he seems to be hitting in his recovery, in addition to staying actually fit. 
This conjured up an image of Klopp in a dungeon with Sturridge wondering "*Why do I do this?*" as he starts on his nipples.
You could read this in another way too -- Klopp could be saying that Sturridge needs to learn when to *not* push it, to only come back when he's actually ready to. 

Definitely not 'a swipe' like the Telegraph puts it.
It's like Klopp says what the mass are thinking. Surely there will come a point when the board question whether or not it's worth keeping him in the team if he's this susceptible to injury/pain 
I've always thought he had a low pain threshold. You see guys like Gerrard playing through immense pain and giving it their all, but Sturridge isn't like that. Not knocking him, not all of us have similar pain thresholds. There is an element of fear of exacerbating the injury even further which I think Klopp wants to remove. It isn't going to do the lad much good to worry about hurting himself and hold himself back during games. 
I think he knows what serious pain is after appearing on a Subway advert!
This guy is an amazing coach. Next level. Every club in europe will regret not going for him.

Real Madrid will be the number one most gutted team, Chelsea I mean while he would've done a killer job it was just impossible to just drop Mourinho like that but Arsenal- last summer was the time to make the move.
Sturridge should have a chat with Ledley King.
Why risk losing another year instead of just waiting a few more games to heal, definitely not worth it.
There's a difference between hurt, and injured. You can play hurt. Don't remember where I first heard that, but it holds true. 
If Klopp's comments are a result of complication from Sturridge's recent hip surgery, I would like to come to Sturridge's defense. Although I am a United fan, I had the same surgery as Sturridge by the same surgeon. The standard recovery period for the procedure is 4-6 months. I am an ice hockey goalie by trade and only felt 90% at 6 months. I did not feel 100% until 18 months. I guarantee that every day after training, Sturridge's hip pops at least ten times for the rest of the day. Every time it pops, he won't be able to walk for about thirty seconds and then everything will be fine. Every muscle, tendon, and ligament around his hip is tighter than it has ever been. He could be having multiple post surgical muscle pains and difficulties and there would be no way for anyone except him to know what is wrong. I wish him the best of luck, but I hope he does not need another surgery (I probably do :()

Sturridge is the [Derrick Rose](http://www.nydailynews.com/sports/basketball/injuries-scarred-derrick-rose-career-article-1.2380299) of the EPL.
The reaction would be so different if Hodgeson said this.
Gerrard said the same in his book. Any slight worry and Sturridge would declare himself unfit. 
Isn't this pretty much exactly what Hodgson said a couple of years ago before the militant fanbase of Liverpool Football Club descended on him with all their usual fury?
It's becoming more apparent that Studge is not only made out of fudge, but is also a bit of a softie.
He's more fragile than my nan's china. Who's worse? Him or Aguero? 
Apparently Cruyff once complained of an injury and didn't want to play, and Rinus Michels asked him where it hurt, took out some cash and rubbed it on the area. Cruyff played.
well give him a game then, all that time on the bench is probably fucking with him too
The type of injuries that held them back.
I've been saying this since I've been a fan
I imagine him saying this followed by "is it safe?"
I ve heard some stories from Rodgers that physio's have declared him fully fit (and it wasnt just Sturridge) and he still would nt play. Apparently Stevie G has had to have prematch talks with him to convince him to play in some big games. It is a shame but how much longer is this going to go on, he is paid a lot of money to work. 
Doesn't come as a surprise to me this, at all.

It's something Sturridge was criticised for in his time here - only makes himself available when he's absolutely 100% fit.

Most footballers carry some kind of physical issue that varies in severity, some have several, Sturridge is one of those players who is very particular about such things, and won't play if he's not 100%.

This is why he spends so much time out injured. Because he's more or less ruling himself out through little niggling injuries/pains which most other players will play through.

I can't recall who it was, but I remember a player saying that all professional footballers carry some kind of issue, even when they're passed fit. Such is the nature of the job and the toll it takes on the body.

Klopp is right to point this out, and it's something Sturridge has to come to terms with and change his attitude.

Must be really frustrating as a manager to have to deal with such a situation.
I love it.

He's partly saying "suck it up", and that is awesome. But also players get mentally-fragile concerning an area when they have a major injury, leading to every little knock feeling like it's worse than is really is.
Klopp wants heavy metal football and I love it
I was listening to talksport and they brought this up. Darren Gough said that he'd 'been a pro bowler, most my adult life and as a fast-bowler, you learn early on that you are going to be in pain every single day.' And actually, rugby players will be going through the same thing.
Oh boy. Klopp is gonna fuck sturridge up isn't he. Its his way of saying I'll show you real pain. 
"Don't be a bitch"
- Klopp
Shanks would turn in his grave at what football has become. “I was the best manager in Britain because I was never devious or cheated anyone. I’d break my wife’s legs if I played against her, but I’d never cheat her.”
At Dortmund he always pushed his players to their physical limit and never went easy on them, regarding injuries though, he only wanted players to come back when they were 100% recovered!
#Kloppback
What if Jose said this about a player?

I mean ffs injuries are injuries and a large majority of the ones Sturridge incures are muscle injuries. He needs to talk to Giggs about how he got back into because early in his career it was the same deal.
It's been embarrassing. Glad Klopp called him out.
Well I was told something similar only to play too soon and be out for another 4 months.
He should talk to Alejandro Faurlin.
Red Bulls 2017
Stop paying him.  The pain will go away pretty quickly.  
No surprise he's a pussy, have you seen his dance? 
Shitpost 
All the pressure heaped onto him by the fans and Rodgers didn't help with this situation either. His return last year got hyped and hyped, after losing Suarez and not scoring a lot of goals he had a huge amount of expectation which got him anxious and thus these phantom injuries occurred a few times.

Pretty much every time he was fit to start in a weeks time and then got delayed coming back I felt was due to all that pressure to perform instantly and fix all our problems instantly.
I like the [picture of him holding them](http://i.imgur.com/kTTs81W.jpg) even more. One more and he would have troubles.
You know you're awesome when you receive 4 awards at once and don't even bat an eyebrow.
[all 5 goals](https://streamable.com/9k7j)
looks over the moon
This could be the fastest someone has broken 4 world records. Deserves another one.
I just want to forget 
Yay.
"Fuck , I could`ve been playing FIFA right about now" .
That was one of the most outrageous football moments I have ever seen. Watching it in the pub absolutely awestruck with my mates. Cracking performance. 
I might need to refresh my knowlegde about the Guinnes book records. But I am fairly certain that there are faster hattricks in worldfootball and i've seen multiple players score 4 and 5 goals before and after him. So how does this work? Is it Bundesliga only?

Edit: It looks like they are Bundesliga records
Just a normal day at the office
Didn't Jardel once score seven after coming in at half time back when he was at Porto? I'm fairly certain he did.
Damn, I wish I could fit into a shirt that tight.
How come he doesn't get: fastest hat trick as a sub and fastest 4 goals as a sub?
Ballon D'Or 2016 IMO. Anyone agree?
so who scored the fastest 2 goals?
If he gets a certificate for fastest 5 goals as sub, why not fastest 3/4 goals as sub aswell?
Edit It looks like they are records are for players who were subbed in.
Unfortunately, his family missed it they'd been at the office all 5 goals before and after him.
Maybe a weird question, but why does he only get record for 'the fastest 5 goals as sub' and not also fastest hattrick as sub and fastest 4 goals as sub?
So he still would not have the fastest hattrick by a sub. so who scored the fastest 2 goals?
gives me the heebie jeebies thinking about that game
I thought Mane still had the fastest hat trick?
Fuck me, they give these things out for everything.
[deleted]
Why is her no video wher i can look at how awesome he is ? 
Guinness World Records relies on popular news stories to stay relevant. They are more topics of interest than records. They could make a new "record" for anything they wanted to get in the book. 

It means nothing, that's why Lewandowski doesn't give a fuck
That's a strong par from Bantcelotti
100 years of hurt

Never stopped me dreaming!
and I thought the thousand year anniversary of the Battle of Hastings couldn't get any more exciting, putting that year down on the calendar.
[deleted]
BANTZ
2066? More like 3066, the trend is yet to be set. 
Rooney would be 81 by 2066 so I'm guessing ... no?
[deleted]
Ancelotti knows nothing of English history.

They suffered a crushing defeat in 1066.

Will they be able to turn it around?
Is he saying things all the time or he had an interview and you guys are breaking the interview in pieces? It just seems he has an opinion about everything lately.
You know his fucking eyebrow was fully raised when he said this as well. 
All I'm saying, if the British really want to win the world cup, they own GMT. Keep moving time forward faster and faster right? So like by next week it could be 2066 and they could have the world cup then. Wait, the week after, England would need to train.

Pretty simple if you think about it.
&gt;England could win in 2066 

LOL 
It's coming home...eventually.
Hahaha I read this before I pulled out of my driveway and I had to pull right back in.

Who knew he had it in him?
A century of hurt
&gt; England could win in 2066

B A N T E R

A

N

T

E

R
They only win every 24 years.*
2066? I'll take it! 

*It's coming home, it's coming home... (eventually)*
Shots fired. Now england will surely lift the trophy.
Damn I love Ancelotti. I'm so sad he had to leave Madrid so early. He is so quintessentially Italian. &lt;3
It goes beyond that. Italy play in the final of a major tournament every 6 years since 1982 (except 1988). 
Bantcelotti
Ancelottey getten waise to the game
Don't see England ever winning now that FIFA corruption is over. They'd only win if they hosted
Banter.
Spoiler-tag, OP!
Kids got it all figured out..
ah 2066. wilshere'll probably be fit by then.
how old would he be
I missed this man's banter.
He's right, England need a long term plan to win the World Cup. atm the pressure is always on the win the next one, every single time. and 2 years isn't enough to prepare. 


By the time 2050 comes along the FA will want to plan a 2066 win to commemorate the 1966 win, and by doing that they'll have created a long term plan. i.e. creating a euro squad will a max age of 21 for example will sacrifice the euro for a better chance at the world cup.


Look at the 1996 France squad, it was full of youngsters and then had quite a good run too. when 1998 came along they were a pretty tight nit squad.


You can't just pick players at their peak, as they'll retire and you'll be in a perpetual struggle for replacements.
anyone can win in 2066!
Wonder how long this will be available to archive?
The past three world cups ruined my Europe - South America theory of winners 
2066 return of the king. Cantona
B  A  N  T  E  R


A


N


T


E


R


No way we are too shite
Fuck off, mate

E: It was a joke, guys. 
No we won't. We don't have good enough players.
Ancelotti sure has been talking a lot lately.
36 "Clasicos" since february 2000, when they first met in the Bernabeu (3-0): 

Xavi: 15 wins; Iker: 12 wins; 9 draws

How many days left BeIN? 
I envy Spain the talent they've had, have and will have. 

Who else currently in the national team would you classify as being from that generation? 
What youth players do each team have that could be a major part of the team for that long?
Two great players and both legends. I wish they both retire in their clubs but it is not  possible.
Sorry to be a bit nit-picky, but I think your title should be "Iker Casillas or Xavi Hernandez"
First time in this millenium
This could be just me..

But from an outsider looking in (not a barca or Madrid fan).. these classicos have become a fucking drag. The hype behind them is so much and the games are not even exciting to me. 
It will be sad to see 2 great legends go...
With all the cancellations of huge friendlies, even this Clasico is at risk
Two iconic figures from their respective clubs, it'll be very strange not seeing either one of them :(
let's hope it gets actually played
http://www.marca.com/en/2015/11/17/en/football/real_madrid/1447790332.html English link for the lazy peo
damn this post and that picture in the article...i have tears in my eyes
It's a little less Classico :(
It hurts so much I want to downvote this
martial is so good.
[more angles](https://streamable.com/9w2n)
Great run by Martial indeed.

And Neuer complaining to the referee again straight away. As good as he is, it's a really annoying trait of his.
Damn this is the first time I'm really seeing Martial play and I have to say this kid is good. 
Martial, I love you
Unbelievable tekkers from Martial. Glad Olivier could apply the finish as well.
no breaks on this train baby.
jesus christ martial, that body feint on ginter was dirty holy shit
He just ghosts past players seemingly effortlessly. I honestly thought his start to the season was simply some nice form, but its looking more and more like Martial is something else, really a tier above so many others in his age bracket.
I love the way Giroud didn't even bother celebrating, he just turned to Martial and said you pal...that was all you.
Love how you can tell Giroud is just like "wow, amazing assist man."
Great move by Martial !
Martial...just so disgusting.
Martial's close control is fucking ridiculous.
Nice to see he actually had someone in the box to pick out for once. He makes these runs every match for us but no one's ever in the area.
PL boiz
Martial is rather good. 
Giroud was like '' Bro I don't know what or how you just did that but come give me a hug '' 
Some jackass was downvoting everyone who mentioned Martial.
The France national team plays so much better without Benzema.
Great work by Martial 
This kid is just phenomenal, and I'm not talking about Giroud.
Martial is going to lead France to Euro 2016 glory. You heard it here first.
Giroud just can't stop scoring when he's against Neuer haha
This guy is amazing!!
3 games against Neuer, 3 goals for Giroud
Cross by Pogba, festival by Martial, finish by Giroud. I buy it. A lot! Give me a 100 of these!
That stepover was ridiculous...it was almost violent how much movement he put into that
What a waste of money.
You're a wizard, Anthony!
WOW What a shame its a friendly. That is one insane motherfucking wingplay from Antony. He was having a tough 5 minutes of sorts. What a way to respond. Take a bow. 
Why is Germany denoted as ALL? What is your word for Germany?
Attaboy
Fucking hell, what an assist. 
any idea what giroud said to martial after scoring? was it in french?
Seriously the assist is coming from the touch line and Manuel still appeals for offside. Fucking baby.
fck neuer hes geting on my nerves, never accepts any goal
I remember when LVG said that he will sign a striker that no one would expect we sign. Martial clearly is a player who will be destined for great things. 
Why does the player fall for the shoulder drop when martial is dribbling on the line.
Incredible skill by Martial, but still Rüdiger looked very awkward there 
Martial is just so impossible
Wow, that fake cut to the inside. Amazing!
fucking quickness

MARTIAL LOVE
Tony I fucking love you
Second Giroud goal vs Neuer in under 10 days.
Delightful.
and Olivier whispered softly in his ear, "I will never release your sex tape..."
[deleted]
Martial was a fucking steal for United. What a player he ~~is going to be~~ is!
Neuer is such an annoying bitch
Not even Giroud could miss that.
I feel like a proud father from all the praise martial is getting :*)
martial. so hot right now. martial
ginter left the only possible way for martial open...
This video was up within 3 minutes. Jeez, Camaradona!
I didn't know Hugh Jackman played for France

All = Allemagne = Germany :P
Love it when goals scorers acknowledge the work of their teammates. 
Jesus, that stepover was beautiful!
Amazing.
That was freaking gorgeous. So sorry I didn't see it live :(
What kind of tackle was that? It kinda looks like his foot got stuck on the pitch or something. 
Classic Neuer. Everytime he concedes a goal he raises his arm 
Wow, Marital is seriously impressing right now. 
He just looked happy he was able to finish it. Great pass. 
France's front line is very well balanced with those three: Martial, Giroud, and Griezman all offer a good threat in front of goal, but are all a bit different. I don't expect Benzema to be back in the French team this summer or possibly ever but those three are a great attacked and have a solid midfield and defense behind them.
Why is Germany named ALL?
Good on Giroud for not seeking attention for the tap in but recognizing Martial's amazing run. 
He Messi'd the hell out of Boateng right there
Martial is this season's Fekir
terrible mistake by Ginter. he has to close the door there! 
LE REKT.
Fantastic stuff from Martial. But can we just take a moment to talk about how unselfish Giroud always is in his celebrations? Unless he absolutely cunts it in from like 30 yards, he always points at the one who assisted and never tries to take the entire spotlight. Top lad.
i have got a feeling that this goal would be memorized by france fans forever
[deleted]
What a ball from Pogba aswell
Martial to Giroud. Now there's a combination I would've liked to see more of...
That lad Martial looks decent. Hopefully he signs for a big club some day. 
[deleted]
Herrera is so good. I hope he gets an extended run in the team 


E: Forgive me United fans

E2: :(
Volley under pressure, great technique. Great finish. Dodgy sideburns 
Did well to keep that down but holy fuck what a cross. 
Seriously happy for him, he needed that.
[AA](https://streamable.com/vtww)	
looking like wolfman with those sideburns
I can sit all day watching Herrera pass the ball. He's so elegant.
Beautiful cross, beautiful goal
Holy shit that is an amazing finish
Aaaand herrera's injured
What a goal.
Calm finish that was
There has been three OG scored today all three in favor of Manchester United. 
Good comeback goal!
Wow!! Amazing pass and an Amazing finish!! 
That's gorgeous that is. See what happens when Herrera plays.
Damn he made that look easy
Get in Memphis! 
Nice first time cross by Herrera and great finish by Memphis.
Beauty, thought he was gonna sky it.
I feel like the keeper and defenders had different ideas of what they should be doing there.
Tidy finish :)
Great finish
Tidy finish from a tidy cross. Tidy.
Ughh, I just got rid of him in fantasy earlier this week after all his non starts. 
Why
Why did I sell depay
We just have a injury prone problems right now. 
Sweet delicious fantasy football points.
[deleted]
Of course the only guy who didn't catch him offside raises his hand.
[deleted]
Walking in Memphis
Glad one of our droughts could end, but it's now 16 years and counting since we've been to a tournament.  This is getting depressing.  I miss the late 90s.

Hungary deserved it, undoubtedly the better side, especially in the second leg.  I wish Hungary nothing but the best next summer, I'll be rooting for them.
This is the biggest achievement of Hungarian football that I've seen in my life. Awesome.
I know some people don't like that the Euros is a 24 team tournament, and i get it, the quality of the football displayed will be lower. BUT WHO THE FUCK CARES WE ARE GOING TO FRANCE!!!
The gang is coming to France, boys https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CT4jTIhW4AAIPIJ.png
My father was 30 in 1986 when I was born and we last played in an international tournament, the World Cup. I'll be 30 next year and my father will be 60 who just said he never thought he will be an old man when we can see this team in a tournament again. Crazy times!
Hungary were excellent defensively, super organized &amp; worked hard. The better team went through. I'm happy they qualified after not participating in a major tournament for so long(since 1986 iirc). Also, Bode throwing down that Norwegian defender towards the end was hilarious
Big congratz for our brothers in Magyarország from Poland. You deserved it guys!
happy bazdmeg! 
This is for Fülöp and for the last 44 years. 
SZÉP VOLT FIÚK. EZAZ.

Top notch lads. Top, top performance. Never thought I'd see the day, we've waited 30 years for this shit.
I'm extremely pleased to see former powerhouse Hungary qualify for a big tournament again. Will definitely be rooting for them during the Euros. Congratulations, Magyars!
Congratulations to Hungary, good luck in France next summer. Now, who should replace Høgmo as our national team coach?
I'm Norwegian, and I'm glad this was the result. The arrogance on display both among players and media was quite disgusting. Everyone talking about how easy of a draw it was, how Hungary was the worst team in the competition, etc. 

A few days before the first game our media people were just talking about how much we would win by, whether it would "only" be 1-0, or rather 3-0 so that we could "just book our tickets already".

If you've barely won a football game in a decade, try not to be that fucking arrogant.
44 years!!! We finally qualify to Euro again!! :D  
  
^^^if ^^^only ^^^my ^^^stream ^^^didn't ^^^die ^^^for  ^^^the ^^^last ^^^20 ^^^mins
Mr sweatpants is such a beast, congratulations Hungary you deserved this win.
As payment for letting you guys through I demand a years supply of [pick salami](http://ktk.nyme.hu/fileadmin/Image_Archive/ktk/00_English/Hungary/Hungaricums/pick.jpg). I'll be expecting the first truck to arrive within the week.  
  
In all seriousness though, congratulations. Well deserved. The best team won.  
  
Also in all seriousness, please send me some pick salami. That shit is so fucking good. Not only do we suck at football, pick salami isn't even sold here. 3rd world country status confirmed.
Congrats, hope the sports company that sponsors Hungary will make a Gabor Kiraly special tracksuit!
First Euro for Hungary since 72'? That's crazy, such a great decision for UEFA to expand the Euros to 24 teams. More countries = More fun
Now reincarnate Puskas and lets win this boys!
You can thank my boy Nemeth. Joking, but nemo has great potential, I hope he shines for Hungary like he did for us in kansas city last season
HOLYSHIIIIEETTT IS THIS RRAL LIFE??? 30 YEARS WITHOUT EUROS OR WC 
I know one thing: Laszlo Kleinheisler will be going straight into my Euro 16 fantasy squad.
Congrats to Hungary. V4 is going to conquer EURO 2016!
Gratulálok magyarország
At least we scored on one of the 38467294723648 corners we got over the two legs! Who's side it was for is irrelevant.
Magyarország Magyarország Hey Hey!!!
To all Hungarians, congratulations neighbours.

Although now I can't joke about how Romania is a regional (as in, better than all our neighbours) powerhouse. :(
I can die happy now!
Awful performance over the two legs, taking risks is fair but there's no logic behind the team choices we had. Very good performances defensively from Hungary, and we couldn't finish the chances we had while they could.

Just sadness, was starting to get hopeful after that win against Croatia. 
I have no idea why people overrate Norway so much. What exactly do you see in that team? It's not like they did something in the last decade. They have few, at best, decent players.
The Hungarians will be extreme underdogs at the Euros, but the important thing is that they've earned the opportunity to keep going. After all, surprises happen all the time, particularly in soccer. They survived, they advanced, and tonight they celebrate.
Congrats to Hungary! It's great to see a historical National Team like theirs finally qualifying for an international tournament.

Is there any Hungarian player work taking a look on? Apart from Dsudszak, Gera and Szalai, i barely know the other players
Good to see something going Hungary's way after those Lafferty goals and Turkey taking the best third place on the last day
That means all of our neighbours have qualified...
Can't say I'm optimistic about Tuesday.
Congratulations Hungary! This was well deserved, we were really poor over two matches. Will be rooting for you and Iceland next summer.
Well deserved really, and congrats!
Szomorú Vasárnap for Norway. Congratulations Hungary.
Congratulations Hungary, you really deserved it!
Good job, I'll surely be watching them!!!!
What are the odds Gera is going to be there? If he is then that's another team I'd like to see in France.
Yes! More sweatpants goalie!
Congratulations Hungary. Nice to have them back on the big stage. Shame they didn't qualify as best 3rd, would have loved to see both Norway and Hungary at this tournament. 
Grats to our northern neighbors! Good luck!
Honestly I have a feeling we will see Hungary in our group, mark my word. However today is your day Hungarians, enjoy, drink and be merry!
Good on you, mates! I know how it feels to break a shitty streak!
Congrats! You deserve it.
WE DID IT BOYS
It's too bad both teams couldn't qualify, I think they both would have deserved to go to the Euros. But Hungary left their hearts on the pitch and defended so well, and especially after being so close to automatic qualification they've really earned their trip to France!
Norwegians, take heart: at least you have actual spirit and professionalism in your squad instead of a bunch of drunks who decided to take a break from sitting on their club's bench to order drinks in the hotel of the NT like the Bulgarian team.


I feel happy for them, I felt bad when we basically stole their manager but in the end they still qualified so all is good.
As a half Romanian half Hungarian this upcoming European Cup is going to be the moat exciting. Hope we don't get in the same group though. 
Scotland, Norway, Finland and one of Denmark vs Sweden going out. Northern Europe is slackin apart from Iceland

Is there a video around of the match just after the final whistle? 
Congratulations to our friends from the same language family!
See you in France Hungary ! Looking forward to Hungary in a major tournament.
Yaaas Macaristan pappiii!!!
Congrats Hungary.

I always wonder why Köteles doesn't play for the Hungarian national team, or why he's not even in the selection. I think he's a very good keeper, and has been an important part of Genk for a long time now. Yet he's not even in the selection for Hungary. Can someone explain why? Are the three other keepers just plain better?
Yay
Well done! 
Well done guys!
emperor Franz Joseph I. would have been so happy seeing Hungary, Austria, Czech rep. Slovakia, Croatia, Romania, Poland qualify and Bosnia still having a chance. 
How did Odegaard play in the match?
We almost kicked you.
Norway is utter shit, but Clattenburg thoroughly saved them in the first leg. 
I couldn't get tickets to watch it in the stadium. So I went and watched it with some friends in a pub near my house. It was a lot of fun to be around my Hungarian neighbors as they went crazy.

I hope Austria and Hungary are in the same group, it'll be jokes galore.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2YTbONFlQi4
Really happy for my Hungarian bros. Greetings from a Pole. I hope we play in the same group.
Norway were very unlucky. They had 65% of the play. The ref let the game flow despite some suspect tackles. Hungray could be the under dogs to upset some teams.
Guess I'll be cheering for Iceland then.
Who da best? Budapest!
Can Somebody help me find video of the post-match celebrations?
they really looked hungary for the win
Hungary to see them in action
Can wait to watch all those Hungarian stars play.
Holy shit that is uncanny
I swear Norwich concede the most beautiful goals
John Terry chose his number 26 because he wanted to be next to Zola in the dressing room! 
Good to see Norwich's defending has improved slightly in 13 years.
Mate that is fucking weird, do you reckon they planned it?
Now thats an actual quality post
This is a really nicely put together little clip. 
Wow this is incredible
First thing that came to my head when he tried this. The commentators picked up on it, too. Still my favorite goal of all time.
Knowing JT, this is almost certainly not entirely coincidental 
the matrix
I was there for that Zola goal, I remember my dad starting applauding and I didn't really understand untl I was older.
Norwich is always there for other teams to make history 
really well done whoever thought that comparison up.
Zola ran much more though. Still would have been a golazo if it went in.
[deleted]
Is that same keeper too?

Edit: wow you guys need to calm down with the downvotes lmao. 
But according to Chelsea fans football was invented in 2004?
That is one name I haven't heard in a long time!
Not a lot of energy from those defenders...
Two things I love:

1) When a powerful shot just drops out of the air like that, so much dip.

2) The way the Portuguese language sounds. It's just so... round and bouncy-sounding.
Ironically this goal basically gave Corinthains the championship title
Commentator had more energy than the players. Nice goal though. 
I remember when he would hit absolute screamers for OL.
[Where are all the fans?](http://i.imgur.com/2WUsBFr.jpg)

São Paulo are one of the major clubs in Brazil. They are based in a city bigger than London, so why are people not going to watch them?
Man I fucking love this guy
FUCKFUCKSHITCUNTDAMNMOTHERFUCKER
Announcer's part firetruck, part ambulance 
Michel Blastos. Still got it.
What a first touch, and first time shot as well. The keeper had no chance.
One of, if not the best, goal from this year Brasileirao
oh wow

Goal of the week, right?
GGOooooOoooOoo lassooo!!
Wow I hope this goal gets the attention it deserves. That flick - he had the shot planned out already.
Perfect.
More like Michel Blastos
This is a great shot to take. The ball bounces just right and you can make it loop up and then down over the keeper, who is clearly off his line here. I remember doing this in a high school match. Man, the days...
Good god listen to that phlegm in his throat.
boom goes the dynamite
Not so perfect slide though
Where the fuck was that shit last year!?!
You can't lose talent, that guy was incredible about 5 years ago. I'm glad to see he's still doing his thing.
Probably the greatest goal of his career and he kind of botched the celebration. What was that? 
I miss Michu, had a cannon on him and wasn't too bad at dead ball.
good defense guys
Shame about the knee slide celebration. Almost faceplanted. 
best goal I've seen in a while.
Very poor knee slide - 3/10
I thought it hit both posts and went out at first. That's some bouncy goal net.
Sounds like the commentator was choking 
Remember when he wasn't considered good enough for Feyenoord :(
I completely lost it imagining the commentators face when he says "GoooooLAAAAAAAZoooo"! I really think he enjoys the the "LAAAA" part hehe
Something to shock my fellow Rotterdammers: Michel Bastos [started his career at Feyenoord](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michel_Bastos), making 0 appearances in 2 years.
This is my fucking man right here
still go it
GOOOOOOooooooaaaaaAAAALLLLSSsssoOOOO
Those longshots on FIFA 11 though...
I miss shots like this, seems to occur less now.
how slow are they playing?

What a fucking smash
holy shit that commentator is annoying, how the fuck do people watch with him?
He's still playing?
I'm sure all 57 people in the crowd really enjoyed it. Wish he was still at Lyon!
