How embarrassing. They were hiding in plain text.
Naturally we're not going to hear any kind of retraction from most of the "news" sources that reported that encryption was being used. 

We're also not going to hear anyone roll back the blame that they've placed on Snowden for (allegedly) making our intelligence-gathering capabilities better known. 

Why? Because they're great distractions from the fact that the intelligence agencies that are trying to do away with encryption *aren't even capable of catching this when there's no encryption involved.*

If they can't track the terrorists when they're not using encryption, how would doing away with encryption make anything any easier? 
&gt;Yet pushed by their sources in the government, the media quickly became a sound wall of noise suggesting that encryption was hampering the government's ability to stop these kinds of attacks. NBC was particularly breathless this week... 

Further proof that NBC and the rest are just large puppets for politicians to push their agendas. 

Banning encryption is the most ridiculous idea anyway. Do you really expect that terrorist are like "oh, it's forbidden! let's better not use encryption anymore"?

Why not ban bombs then, or even better, terrorism?
The reality is that the broad gathering of data on everyone's activities means that the haystack is just too large to have any chance of finding the needle.

Targeted investigations of people who are known or become known (with attendant warrant) would be much more likely to facilitate discovery of likely potential terrorist activities.
Looking at all the facts which have come to light, what I took away from this incident was the same thing I took away from 9/11: all the information to try to stop this was right there and obtainable by legal means already being used to thwart terrorism.  This was a problem of the government failing to use resources at hand to even try and stop the terrorism.  Giving the government more power or blaming the wrong causes will not fix the problem, but will make things even worse.  I would hope the French would learn from America's mistakes and not make the same knee-jerk mistakes and give up freedoms because of easily manipulated fear and anger.
Well this settles it. We should make major moves to encrypt all technical communication where possible because we have definitive proof that the terrorists are using the unencrypted channels to co-ordinate their plans.
Here it comes.... "Lets get rid of SMS"...
However,  based on the advice of TV reporters from the west, they will upgrade their smartphones with encryption apps in the future.
I keep hearing the news saying these were sophisticated attacks. they werent. it was a group of idiots with guns and bombs. This proves they were idiots. It also proves surveillance doesnt work to prevent the attacks
I saw this morning on CNN a lady (not sure if a so-called expert or another journalist) talking specifically about Telegram and how bad it is as it encrypts messages and allows self destroying messages. They mentioned it's widely used by islam terrorists. Also they showed a paper with a lot of arab words and an apple logo saying that it contained instructions on how to protect the phone data with encryption... I would not be surprised if it was in the end an Apple ad.
Well, I mean, couldn't the terrorists encrypt their communications in the future? Shouldn't we do our best to ensure this doesn't happen again?

Actually, this is all a bunch of tripe if you understand encryption.

See, the people criticizing encryption don't care about the truth. They were waiting for the next big attack. They were waiting for the moment they could abuse people's emotions to push their agenda. **It didn't matter whether the public found out that the attackers never actually used encryption.**

They won. It worked. How? Because we are now discussing encryption whenever we talk about France. Even if we're refuting this bullshit, it's still a "debate". It's still on people's minds. People feel the need to take sides. And most people tend towards the side that doesn't "talk down" to them, telling them they don't understand encryption at all.

And the media that got caught lying? Well, they were just parroting "sources" in their local governments. They didn't do anything wrong, right?
&gt; A detailed map of the concert all ...
&gt; “we’re off; we’re starting.”

This isn't actionable.  Sure we can see in hindsight that this was a part of the coordinated plan, but prior to the event these people could have been talking about going to the concert (or any other thing).
I'm curious to know what kinds of messages were being sent. The one mentioned in the article is innocuous when read out of context.  
  
"We're off; we're starting"  
  
Off on a holiday? Starting to cook dinner? What?  
  
Furthermore, this message was not intended to be kept secret. They were starting their attack. It's not as though the government could have found this, decrypted its intended meaning, then sent out a team to the last known geo coordinates to prevent the attack.  
  
If, however, they had been using SMS openly, such as "use these ingredients in these quantities to make a bomb", then we have a bit of a different situation. In this case, the data procured could have been easily extrapolated as a potentially dangerous security threat and further actions could have been taken.  
  
I feel, though, that this situation would be similar to the language used during the (I believe) Georgian era in England, where criminals had their own slang terms for many things, essentially creating their own language to avoid detection by the rozzers.  
  
Now, I'm not saying that we should ban encryption. I'm completely, totally, and utterly in favour of keeping it. What I have an issue with is that the governments around the world, assuming that SMS was explicitly used throughout their preparations as well as during the attack, couldn't detect the information that they so sorely needed.  
  
I feel as though I'm a little confusing in this post, but I don't have time to clean it up at the moment.  
  
tl;dr: terrorists could be using slang or similar to bypass detection, encryption is irrelevant.
This lends credence to the claims that dragnet metadata collection is ineffective at preventing crime because it produces too much data to be effectively searched. It follows that as government agencies continue to push for surveillance measures and data access their goal is not crime prevention but something else. Certainly the data collection ability gives them the means to pull up individual histories on demand and push charges against anyone of interest.
&gt; mastermind

"At around 10PM, starting killing people."

"*By Allah, you are a fucking mastermind, Abdel.*"
I FUCKING HATE group SMS's
To be fair, the unencrypted communication they mention in the article is a simple go message. No one was thinking they could have intercepted the go message or anything on the day of the attacks.
I love that anyone was reporting that PS4 communications courtesy of Sony were encrypted or secure...
But I thought they communicated over PSN and Mario Maker?
In short, security agencies aren't even trying to uncover terror plots before the fact. 

Too busy sourcing blackmail for political enemies. 
Sen Tom Cotton was just on CNN a few minutes ago pushing this idea that we shouldn't allow encryption. 
Finding a single text signaling the final step in a mission in which they expected to die doesn't really suggest that the attackers never took advantage of encryption to evade authorities.  The title is wildly overstated and makes obvious that the source has a strong bias.
Can we talk about how Isis has their own twitter account? How they did a two-camera video? This isn't some operation ran out of a cave....

I feel like the public has this image of Isis like the movies would portray them, when in reality they're using social media like anyone else! So bold that they didn't even encrypt their texts....
inevitably buried.. but i'd just like to point out that finding unencrypted messages on a burner that was dumped outside the theater moments prior to the attack does not by any means prove that major encryption wasn't used by these exact people in the days/weeks prior during planning. i say this only because there is no benefit to using encryption when you're literally on the way into a theater to shoot people and/or blow yourselves up. in fact, it even provides a digital signoff of the attack by those involved that assured they would be linked to, and gain notoriety from, the pending attacks.  which, i presume, is honorable in their warped minds. not an argument for or against encryption, just a reminder to not use singular aspects of an investigation to reach conclusions on very broad issues.
Besides "encryption", I find these other key words in the reporting of this event by the main stream media here in the US quite suspect. 
"mastermind"
"sophistication"
"coordination"

High School Teenagers with average intelligence with no "terrorist training" could of pull this off in any major city. 
The obvious answer is more bureaucracy to sift though all this data. People needs jobs, employ them to make our great nation safe! They'll be funded by a .0005 tax on every SMS and email message sent, for the good of our nation. 
When will we ban SMS since it is a gateway to terrorism?
Are there really opponents of encryption?  It's like being opposed to math, just because you don't use it doesn't mean someone else can't.
ELI5?
But I thought only terrorists used encryption...
CNN is saying they found phones at the Saint Denis raid site that contained "encryption apps" on them. Not sure exactly what that means but they seemed to think they were using encryption for something. 
To have a free country there is an element of risk. To totally eliminate the risk you no longer are left with a free coupon try
I guess it makes sense, i mean, why bother encrypting your communications when you're not likely to come out alive anyways
haha


good




encryption is important coming into the future. with all our lives becoming digital it's the only way forward. without it we wouldn't be able to have cloud services 
It's funny that they were so quick to jump on the encryption wagon with little or no proof.  Obviously trying to exploit a tragic situation to further their political/personal views.
And I can't even SMS a group of four friends without having Verizon drop half the messages.
Insinuating that vilifying the use of encryption is almost as gruesome as fucking people being killed is beyond fucking stupid. This article is as sensationalist as the people it's condemning.
And yet the NSA can't stop them.  I guess the answer is we need more NSA. amrite?
“we’re off; we’re starting"

Gives me chills. 
So we have cases of tourists making a joke twitter message getting held up at the border and turned back. But when actual criminals plan stuff in the open nobody sees it?
Are they really blind, or are they willingly letting bad things happen to keep people afraid?
It's pretty pathetic when the NSA can't even spy properly on the domain for which it was created, European continent, even given the exact domain they had full legal authorization for decades : foreign communications; non-domestic spying would sum up their original proper domain appropriately enough.

Hell encryption wasn't even a hurdle, yet, there was zero actionable intelligence derived from all the signals they gathered... 
Yea, but they *might* use encryption in the future. So.... Ban all the things!
then why is [telegram reporting](http://money.cnn.com/2015/11/18/technology/telegram-isis-shutdown/index.html) that they've disabled chats between ISIS members?
It's never about what is being done with encryption, it's what we *might* do. 
As bad as the other side, is, this is the same thing we're doing.
you're up, Anon. instead of "haxoring" their twitter accounts, maybe you can pretend to be aligned with them. then when they text their nefarious plans, BOOM!
That's good that they announce this..now they know to do a better job and encrypt next time (heavy sarcasm)
sooo...all that spying on the population was helpful how?
It's almost like security theather.
If there are terrorists already in the states, multiple cell phone signals on one person should be a red flag by now. 

If you have a work and personal phone, it should already dismiss you from the list through work. Everyone else is either a drug dealer or a terrorist. 

Problem solved. More or less.
Even if they did, nothing should change.
Can't terrorists just communicate with letters, dropped notes, or fucking carrier pigeons? 

Quick! Take all cell phones from refugees and Muslims!
The best security possible is to use a media that has so much traffic that it's impossible to check even a good portion of it. If you monitored all SMS traffic, and hit on key words, you'd spend so much of your time chasing down false leads and bullshit and random stuff that it'd be absolutely impossible to keep up with, no matter how big your budget.

Not to mention, of course, it's trivial to hide a message in an SMS: if you message someone and say "how about curry for dinner?" and they answer "no, pizza" that could be a totally normal conversation, or it could be code for an attack. It's just impossible to say.
/r/nottheonion 
That wasn't very smart of the terrorists though...
not surprising. these guys haven't been known for extreme secrecy in the past: https://i.imgur.com/UPxKIAA.jpg
&gt; “Documents leaked by Edward Snowden in 2013 revealed that the NSA and CIA actually embedded themselves in games like World of Warcraft to infiltrate virtual terrorist meet-ups,” the Forbes piece added.

Folks. Government workers younger than you are being paid hundreds of thousands of dollars a year to play WoW all day. For America. Yes they do make that much money. Yes they don't actually do any work. Their job is to submit work reports so their company's owner can keep securing fat contracts. 
Just now on CNN a guy was saying how they use encryption across the world that the government can't see. I have fucking cancer
Can someone explain to me like Im a 5 year old? 
Ah, the good old 'double rot13' encryption.
Oops, we need a law against unencrypted data. Those sneaky bastards!
Getting mixed messages here.  Government being able to read their communications led the police to the attackers?

You realize that that argues for the importance of governments being able to read communications, decrypted if need be?
People will create codes like "Let's get coffee on Friday morning before school." which is code for "Attack theater Thursday night using bombs"

Seriously, we give up all our privacy and freedom and gain nothing.
Every pro-2A argument I've ever heard is better suited for encryption. 
How fucking incompetent lol.
We need to ban all devices that have encryption technologies starting with the ps4 and xbox1. These are national security threats people!!!
This sounds like an onion title.
It's hard to express without sounding callous, but the surveillance groups made a bed they now have to lie in. I don't think there would be such a push for encryption if governments didn't abuse their power.
The level of opportunism that's going to happen is mind-boggling.
I would never have guessed that we'd have to educate people about encryption, what it does, how it helps the common people to protect themselves from criminals and how it does not cause autism.


And they were EU citizens. Not refugees.  Fucking right wing propagandists taking advantage of tragedy, again.   
So that means they just texted each other right?
Governments are always going to push their agendas regardless of the facts. Such news is not only not surprising, but shows them just as clueless here as they are when pushing their new policies in regards to technology in general.
Politicians taking advantage of a tragedy to push irrelevant agendas? No! It can't be!

Plus, if they didn't use encryption before, they will now after all this mess.
I already see the intelligence agencies crying: "We didn't have enough capacity to scan all those SMS in time. More money pls!"
WHERE IS THE CACHED VERSION OF THIS
What a shock. 
France: "We illegally spied on all your SMS messages."

Everyone: "Yay!"
Those who would give up essential Liberty, to purchase a little temporary Safety, deserve neither
YES! IN YOUR FUCKING FACE GOVERNMENTS!

Now can we finally stop demonising regular people going about their non-threatening business? Thanks. 

"Encryption killed Jesus"
I don't understand why these guys would have to coordinate at all:

1. Outside the country, a couple weeks in advance, and in person, agree to a time and date. Friday night at 8pm is good because there are lots of things going on.
2. Maybe pick some likely targets, but agree that everyone is free to improvise if necessary.
3. Agree to a pre-defined list of meeting places and times/dates if it is necessary (for hand-off of material).

Then the guys make their way into the location and figure out what their actual target will be. There are an abundance of options, and each team can choose separately, with little worry about choosing the same target.

At that point I don't see the need for communication of anything incriminating at any point. And further, if there were, a simple code would be sufficient, no encryption required:

"Bob, where and when are we meeting for your birthday again?"

"8pm on Friday at the concert hall"
This whole thing about doing away with encryption is such bs.

The idea that anyone would realistically ban https is laughable.
Wait.  Everyone seems to be missing something.  Doesn't the article say that snooping worked:

" **existing capabilities stopped the Belgium attacks** and could have stopped the Paris attacks, but didn't..."

So, if tapping unencrypted SMS thwarted an attack, then doesn't that mean surveillance worked?  And any encryption that makes it harder to stop attackers would make terrorist attacks more likely?
Playing devil's advocate, naturally we'd only find evidence on unencrypted SMS, because we cant actually read the encrypted iMessages or emails that were used to communicate.
I'm not against encryption but this article is misleading. All it indicates is that SMS was used to launch the attack. By this point, all the planning would've already been done and it would've been already very difficult to stop, even if they understood the semi ambiguous message.
If the surveillance state can't see an attack coming in PLAIN TEXT, expanding surveillance to give them even more innocent people's data to sift through seems like it will just bury the needle under more hay.

And giving the backdoors to encryption? Why should we trust them with private information if they won't protect us when terrorists are practically planning in public?
[deleted]
Saying encryption is dangerous is like saying being able to lock your door is dangerous.
Mayor de Blasio was on CNN today, and said, "you can’t have terrorists active around the world and be undetectable because of technology created by private companies.”

He then concluded that these companies that provide strong encryption need to be "publicly shamed".

"I don't claim to be a technology expert" was the only thing he said that made any sense.

I'm fucking tired of old idiots in positions of power that can't comprehend basic pillars of information security.

" That's of course not to say batshit religious cults like ISIS don't use encryption, and won't do so going forward. Everybody uses encryption."

Lmao
plɹoʍ ǝɥʇ ɟo ǝpᴉs ɹǝɥʇo ǝɥʇ ɯoɹɟ ʇnq 'ʇxǝʇ uᴉɐld uᴉ ƃuᴉdʎʇ ɯ,ᴉ
these tech illiterate old fuckers don't have any context for what is being talked about. they hear this stuff on the news about encryption and think "encryption doesn't effect me, if getting rid of it will stop terrorism then let's do it" 

if it's not okay for the government to open and read all of your mail then it's not okay for them to do the same to your email.

if it's not okay for the government to follow you around all day and make lists of what you do then it's not okay for them to do it while you are on the computer. 

&gt;After Endless Demonization Of Encryption, Police Find Paris Attackers Coordinated Via Unencrypted SMS

well, if it had been encrypted, they wouldn't have been able to track them down, would they? this is the silliest evidence to use to try to make an argument *for* encryption. 
This is about to get down voted to hell, but, it needs said...
(Btw, try changing my view over downvoting, its much more effective, im confused on this issue but I don't see the value in 90% of the comments on this thread)

I don't want anyone, anywhere looking at what I search, I do not... It's private, I'd like to keep my life, my affairs, my hobbies and my kinks private from the government...

But, these guys were found because they used unencrypted chanels... Had they used encrypted messaging, then they'd still be alive, in Paris, with guns and explosives... 

I don't know where the line is, I really don't. I don't want anyone going through my search history, I don't want it on file, I don't want those files to exist because they're out of my control, and potentially open to being perused for someone's personal satisfaction, altered without my knowledge, or uses against me in a case of blackmail or simply holding access to my accounts and affairs.

I do not know what the right answer is to government spying and snooping, but these guys would be alive right now in Paris, had they used encryption.
NSA where the fuck you at????
Cue Nelson point-and-laugh
Well it's good news for the reputation of encryption.
Everyone knows that bad guys can use encryption, because anyone can use encryption. The fact that these guys didn't, or didn't always use it, really shouldn't have any bearing on the argument, just like whether our government is currently spying on us or not shouldn't have any bearing on the argument for or against encryption. Both of  these are anecdotal, and really add nothing new to such an argument.
This only proves that the government's problem with encryption is not that they can't watch terrorists, but that they can't spy on innocent people to build a database of blackmail material on everyone.
They don't need it to be secure forever, they just need to be secure enough for now.
So the intelligence agencies of the world aren't just incompetent, they're grossly incompetent.
Ha! Can't say I didn't expect this development.
I can't up vote this enough

Hey /u/johnmountain,


This is now the top post on reddit. It will be recorded at /r/topofreddit with all the other top posts.
Theyre more worried about financial gains from encryption.
I don't get why it would even matter if they used encryption or not.  We're going to erode an extremely important tool and degrade the safety of  legitimate, sensitive internet exchanges (like company VPNs, bank transactions, etc...) because terrorists are using them for nefarious purposes?  Do they really think only the government will be able to exploit intentional encryption backdoors?
Best place to hide is right under their noses
Im having a blast picturing an overworked french IT guy who has seen too many movies being like "ill get right on it sir! But it could be encrypted communications!" [cue media explosion]
So the messages were un-encrypted and it's how many days after the attacks? You expect everyone to give away their privacy, at least be able to prevent the attack... 
So given the abject failure of the omnibus surveillance expressed and given the last time around, given that almost certainly they HAVE this information on file, it begs the question , what the fuck were they doing with all of the stuff they already have in place?

Because 150 dead people later it seems pretty clear that among the things they weren't doing effectively, was analyzing the data for terrorists, or working to effectively identify extremists or whatever the originally stated goals were.

So maybe this time, people will start to approach the idea that any politician asking for money for 'security reasons' is really into it for their own reasons, and considers the voters as big a target as any terrorists.
 
So to my mind it really begs the question, as to when these very expensive systems with their repeated failures to actually perform as stated, will be sold-off and put to more productive use, like sending out junk-mail and running crystal-crush, so perhaps our politicians can invest in more ambulances or better first responder equipment or something.
I see someone's learning from the TSA.
It seems like every time there is a tragedy, governments use the victims to push an agenda that otherwise would be met with fierce resistance. The big question is. Why do people continue to go along with these crazy narratives, even after seeing the poor results of making knee jerk policy decisions in the wake of past tragedies?
"police find" another self serving bullshit artikel pushing its own agenda on the back of what happend in Paris
I think their points are about as valid as they were before though. If the terrorists were smarter about it then they would have used encryption.
If I could upboat this 1 million times and tell everyone on earth I would.
This could levy a greater argument for NSA type activity, if Terrorists are communicating via conventional digital means
Goes to show how easy it is to get past humans. You can always add more security, but the limits of human ingenuity are endless.
If ISIS' tech support is anything like most of the places I've worked, we may not have too much to worry about.
I bet they use cryptography for key communication from the highest tiers only.
This also incurs solid evidence against the theory communicating over playstation 4?  That one in particular burns my gears.
Well they aren't anymore.
A little late, isn't it?
Don't change the narrative!
So now that it's deemed unencrypted , so then .. on to blame  security forces for not finding it. 
Can some corner of the Intratubes compile all of this useful information for IS? I'm sure they'll be able to make good use of it in their next attacks. 
or maybe they just wanted to prove a point that even with it not being secure. the attacks still wernt prevented........
They should have used **httpass://**
According to the Today show the main method of communication by terrorists is in game through the PS4!
If you repeat a lie enough times, people will accept it as true.
ELi5?
[Freaky](http://i.imgur.com/VKubmEG.png)
How long did they do it for? They only mention one line.
&gt;we're off; we're starting

Made my stomach roll. 
SMD big data collection
This Week in Top 5 Security Services, Global Electronic Monitoring and Media Fails.......
**Do not let the Paris attacks be our par for social security.**

opportunistic
eye of fascism never 
gets a moment's rest

-decrypted haiku for the godstate-
actually if you think about it, if the end users are not tech-savvy, and I'm pretty sure most of them aren't, BELIEVING they have total encryption would give them a false sense of security and they would make mistake like this.  Perhaps the message that "police can't crack encryption" would actually help finding these guys.
http://money.cnn.com/2015/11/16/technology/terrorists-go-dark/index.html

cnn front page, right now
Thank you NSA. 
Yeah it's such bullshit too since freaking iMessage is encrypted.
...but at least we just told the terrorists that we won't be able to see their communications if they use Telegram, so. 
May i suggest enigma

But they could have. They COULD have!!!!
And since they coordinated via unencrypted SMS, how did the NSA not detect this? Aren't they monitoring overseas providers too?
But the media has given them great ideas for next time. I'm sure there's been lots of note taking in the past week. "Hey, good one, why didn't we think of that before?" Give yourselves a pat on the back morons.
F Dana Perino.
ENDLESS I tell you!
I feel like I'm missing something here. The government is against encryption because it makes it harder for them to catch bad guys but the bad guys weren't using encryption but if they had they wouldn't have been able to access the terrorists online activities. So doesn't this mean the NSA is right because they wouldn't have been able to catch it if they had been using encryption?



I just said encryption a lot. Encryption.
These kinds of attacks could have been carried out with attackers coordinating and checking their watches - is the TSA and other such organizations going to start banning watches and clocks?
I do not think this story will get a lot of coverage on US media.
The greatest coverup is how fucking incompetent people are.
I can't help but think that the THINTHREAD program would have been a much better fit for this war on terror.
I mean, I don't know if it was *endless*.  There was some criticism.
Hiding in plain sight.
They just have them ideas and put fear into our hearts and minds 
Spiegel published an article saying they use Telegram a lot..
Still, won't stop the powers that be from actually passing these snooping charters.  


SMS is encrypted. 
This will probably change nothing about the fact the politicians will be pushing their de-encryption laws. Sad.
The ol' blatant political power grab. How about putting through a bill making such things illegal?
Thats how we are being fooled.... :)
Am I the only one that thinks this is worse because it means that their current methods of mass surveillance will work? I can see some pretty bad stuff coming out of this:

- Keyword scanning of all text messages.
- Imaging electronic devices at borders.
- Restrictions on burner phones.

Compared to this, their war on encryption has the advantage that it is *infeasible*.
Dana Perino must feel like a fucking idiot.

That is assuming Dana Perino feels anything.
Well, looks as though we are just going to have to invade everyone's privacy to stop this happening...
News like this makes me think that even intelligence agencies watch the movies too much, and probably they assume that there's another agency out there with Television Spy Tech handling shit.
I've never heard anyone demonize encryption, am I out of the loop or is this like the Christmas cup thing where no one was really offended, it just made good story?
Kind of fucked up SMS isn't encrypted, though. 
Throw in a few emojis and no one would suspect a thing, right?
Maybe they are using MSN still
Ahhhh....the old Sony method of data transfer and cryptology!
I feel like someone who knows so much about encryption wouldn't go around with a gun to kill people. He would rather opt for cyber attacks.
For hiding in plain site, I recommend MySpace or Classmates.com.
Never underestimate the stupidity of zealots willing to blow themselves up,
Anyone else thinking this story really didn't need to be exposed? Why teach them for free?
But but but encryption from Microsoft, Apple, and the Sony PS4 are the problem...
To anybody saying encryption is a bad idea, tell them about the "terrorists" that are the hackers that would otherwise steal their bank details without encryption.
They found ONE cellphone, in the trash with unencrypted SMS messages.  Both positions, in the absolute are wrong.  The attackers used both encrypted, and unencrypted communications.  The end.
BAN SMS! AN EVIL,TECHNOLOGY THAT AIDES TERRORISM. BAN IT! BAN IT TO HELL!!
Lets ban unencrypted communication!
[deleted]
Coded messages don't require encryption. All you need are pre-arranged code words. They can be transmitted in plain text and nobody will ever break the code unless your operational security is weak and someone leaks the code words.

Or you can do your own encryption. A simple [book cipher](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Book_cipher) is unbreakable if you don't know what they are using as the code book. It could even be something so simple and ubiquitous as the Paris phone book, in fact, it's even better if it's something so common. You can add more security like when I transmit a page number, we all agreed that really means pagenum+17 or some arbitrary offset. Then it won't matter if they discover your code book, as long as they don't have the offset number.

And none of this requires sophisticated technology. 
So encryption played no part in the failure to detect the plot ahead of time.
It shows that pervasive surveillance is ineffective at detecting threats.
Wait a second...

You mean they didn't use [encryption given to them by the most evil man on the planet, Edward Snowden](http://arstechnica.co.uk/information-technology/2015/11/isis-encrypted-communications-with-paris-attackers-french-officials-say/)?

Well, [surely they wrote messages in coins using Super Mario Make-](http://www.forbes.com/sites/insertcoin/2015/11/14/why-the-paris-isis-terrorists-used-ps4-to-plan-attacks/) oh, the didn't do that? Heh...

Well, what about [spraying walls with bullets in Call of Duty to send messages](http://arstechnica.com/gaming/2015/11/despite-what-the-papers-say-theres-no-evidence-isis-used-ps4-to-plan-paris-attacks/), huh? Yeah, wha- oh. No?

Sony PlayStation 4? No?! But Fox News told me there was a ["Joystick Jihad"](http://www.foxnews.com/tech/2015/11/16/sonys-playstation-4-could-be-terrorists-communication-tool-experts-warn.html)?! Still no? Ok...

You mean they just used plain unencrypted, unhidden, plain-text messaging with their real names like their user name like it was an AOL Chat Room in 1995? So why the hell is everyone [trying to outlaw encryption, and pass more anti-privacy laws](http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/nov/17/intelligence-agencies-pounce-paris-attacks-pursue-spy-agenda) while using these attacks as an excuse?

---


^^^^^Guess ^^^^^I'm ^^^^^On ^^^^^A ^^^^^List ^^^^^Now...
Yay, what a wonderful *retrospective* intelligence system we have.

Useless for preventing terrorist attacks but perfect at maintaining the fearmongering and legislation creep the governments want for overall citizen compliance.
More information = less Intelligence. An Axiom!
[For those who can't](https://imgur.com/a/Ry11x)
That Damn Snowden.  The terrorists used their real names, just like him!
If this is entirely true, I am again completely disgusted at the way the media portrays EVERYTHING.  Last week, a guy on CNN was saying that Edward Snowden was partially responsible for the Paris attacks because he made the world aware of the surveillance going on, giving them reason to learn to hide their steps.  The anti-Encryption rhetoric on tv news right now is so over the top, and I have no doubt that the fact that encryption had nothing to do with these attacks will not even get a moments time on mainstream media.  

Tl;dr we are fucked
This is the best argument why backdoor access is worthless. 
Kudos to a major media outlet highlighting this type of information.  
Reminds me of a quote from the underappreciated movie Body Of Lies - 

&gt; Our enemy has realized that they are fighting guys from the future. Now, ahem, it is as brilliant as it is infuriating. If you live like it's the past, and you behave like it's the past then guys from the future find it very hard to see you. If you throw away your cell phone, shut down your e-mail pass all your instructions face-to-face, hand-to-hand turn your back on technology and just disappear into the crowd No flags. No uniforms.

I have friends who live in Paris who are some pissed off at their government and how they've handled the aftermath. With all of the surveillance already being done and how stupid the attackers were and the government didn't stop them? Yeah...they're calling bullshit on any new government security initiatives. They've proven themselves to be incompetent. Some refused to take part in today's memorial displays by the government because of their blaming that inept government. 
Clever people, they knew we would never  check MySpace!
Soo...they didn't use a PS4?
All in plain text and all too late anyway..
If this is all true, the intelligence services failed really really badly. Or they let it happen to justify bad things. But, Hanlon's razor......
Well all you'd have to do is text like "Hey, that thing is going down at that one place we talked about don't forget your stuff."
One of the attackers was being actively monitored anyways. That is why they could ID him very quickly. It is mostly bullshit that they blame encryption etc. Their intelligence has failed or worse.
For police and intelligence agencies as institutions, there's basically zero incentives to prevent terrorist attacks. Whenever one happens, they get a lot of support to increase surveillance powers and their budgets.

And when you try to solve the problem using some "personnel changes" at the top, it 1) won't change anything and 2) they'll just cry "BUT OUR HANDS WERE TIED, WE DIDN'T HAVE ABSOLUTE POWER" and point to whatever little progress has been made against surveillance.

But as always, if you just *feel* that something is a solution to your problem, you'll just try *more* of it no matter how badly it fails or how bad the side-effects are. More police, more surveillance, tougher punishments for crimes.
It's because using encryption is *too obviously what a terrorist would do*. /s
The conceit in all this is that any government has the ability to prevent the actions of a man who is willing to blow himself up for the cause he believes in.
.... so we should outlaw unencrypted messages ?
If you can't process efficiently the data you already have, you shouldn't waste money gathering even more data.
But that doesn't play into the pro-police state narrative designed to ~~give the government total power by having unrestricted access to our data and eroding our civil liberties~~ keep us safe.
There's literally no reason for them to bother with encryption. All they have to do, is hide all the messages in plain language and don't leave a digital or paper trail for compromising information. Its not rocket science. These ideas are probably as old as spying itself.

Its almost like all the new technology made intelligence agencies forget everything about the very basics of the craft. I have very little doubt that Cold War era agencies would shut down all that shit without an issue. Because they worked the people, not the data. 


That's not what the media is pushing on us. All i've seen lately is everyone blaming encryption. 
[deleted]
You know, we have a saying that is ironic, the wood chip gets in the eye that isn't protected (Barely translates, supposed to mean that overprotecting is pointless hope it makes sense)
Is it just me or is it odd that a group of so obvious unprofessionals achieves to do such disastrous attacks and gets linked to an organisation that gets nothing out of doing those attacks? I still dont comprehend, it simply doesnt make sense to me
Plain stupid. Or obvious. 

Its very easy to have encrypted messaging now a days. Even on the phone.
Why would they care about any of that if it was essentially a suicide mission? There's almost no way to combat people who are willing/trying to die. 
The attackers knew that the agencies trying to stop them were distracted.
The anti-encryption propaganda that occured after this was crazy.  people who think encryption is the devil should live off the grid.  only way to avoid it
yeah and they also carry passport when they attack. Gotta keep all your ids with you maaan
That's because those radical idiots are no smarter than monkeys (and not even the smart kind that can wear clothes - I'm talking average monkeys).
So you're some 40-year-old, ex-drug dealer/pimp in Hamburg/Marseilles/Wherever and you've got no money due to poor choices and have a criminal record and you've lost all your friends/contacts due to younger psychopaths like you taking over. Now you're too old to start a career beyond street cleaner. Doesn't help that you blame the native people and accuse them for all your troubles telling yourself that the reason you're a dead-ender is because of discrimination because your dark-skinned, not because you don't know how to even speak the language properly or have any skills whatsoever.

Then the local imam, who's got lots of money donated from Saudi Arabia, puts you into a clean house, helps you sober up, buys you new clothes, pays your bills and fills your head with bullsh1t that THIS IS IT! Revenge! A destiny with God! Beats the alternative, (poverty for the rest of your life) right? Finally you have a purpose in life and you can show those racist Nazis who's Boss. And you get a fully paid trip to The Caliphate where you get to fire cool machine guns, take free drugs and get to hang out with a bunch of other "cool guys".

Ironically, this "Jihadi" is groomed the same way he did turning his girlfriends into prostitutes and his friends into dealers. Naivety, low education and low intelligence.

Others are just dead-enders from places like Egypt, Syria or other sh1tholes where they never stood a chance to be anything (poor, lower class). Mix in a few Romantics from hard-core Islamic States like Saudi Arabia and you have.. ISIS. 

Now ask why hasn't ISIS ever attacked 1srael, even once. Syria is bordering them directly. Why attack Paris FFS? The French REFUSED to attack Iraq with Bush. The reason they hit Paris is not because they have some special problem with France but simply because they have enough people there to do something. 

It all makes no sense. Why isn't the USA bombing ISIS? They know where they are.


Well that *proves* we should ban all encryption. If we're losing to plaintext terrorism, we will never beat encrypted terrorism. /s
When you really are planning on dying, you don't care about a trail.
I think its silly that this conclusion is being drawn.

Would you think that just because we can see the events were planned by communicating over clear text, this doesn't mean that encryptions weren't used to do the behind the scene orchestration. Where did they get the Guns? Where did these people obtain motive? 

All I'm saying is, knowing that they didn't use encryption for *some* communication doesn't mean they didn't use encryption for *any* information at all.
And yet, it's still encryption's fault.
Where does the article say the messages were unencrypted?
Sorry folks, guess y'all need to find another excuse to destroy our liberty.
Good thing the TSA is strip-searching our grandmothers at the airports. 
The best way to hide is in plain sight. 
Remember the show '24'? What a lot of BS that was. ^Fun, ^though.
.... so we should ban all encryption.
They need to ban all real names.  And ban all unencrypted messaging.  And ban beards.
"You guys are idiots, they're gonna be looking for terrorists"
Man...if only there were backdoors in encryption.
And here I am using TOR and whatnot...
how convenient for the authorities.
seems a little odd that this level of co-ordination in attacks and such rookie mistakes were made
Not surprised. Poor buggers have no clue how to analyze all that data they collected. 
And still nobody stopped them. 
So, our trillion dollar intelligence infrastructure is... worthless?

*shocked*
This just in: Keeping surveillance over literally millions of people is a stupid idea.
What good is the 'five-eyes' surveillance programs and the NSA if they can't fucking pick this shit up. 

Clearly, they're of no use. Now, if one of the MANY pervasive surveillance programs picked up on this and stopped it, then they'd prove the validity of such programs. But, since this attack was not stopped when planned in clear-text, we are simply wasting resources. 
To anybody who thinks we can systematically prevent these attacks, are lying to themselves. 
what is this anti-encryption circlejerk on reddit recently? i've never seen anything, anywhere near the mainstream press that's against encryption-- i've only seen it on reddit, just like all the westboro baptist church or justin beiber shit, which everyone complains about but never actually shows up anywhere but on reddit.
Either 

1. This was let happen because agendas. 

2. They couldnt stop shit because everyone is incompetent and having less freedom for the people will result in the same circus thats DRM in video games and piracy, it will do nothing. 

3. This is bullshit proof they manufacturwd to keep public trust, panic down and generally make it seem that they have things under control. 

Why cant I take it seriously, that so mucb jnfo was found post attack in such clear cut state? Because even an idiot who tries to steal an atm machine  wears gloves and tries to cover his face. 
No no no no no! How will the US Government ever turn the public against Edward Snowden if you publicize this information?

We NEED to spin the tale of wiley jihadists defeating our listening ears by using powerful encryption and exploiting holes revealed by that wretched turncoat and his journalist co-conspirators!
This can be used as justification to monitor people's calls and SMS. Sure this is a point against encryption, but it's also a point for exactly what the NSA has been doing in the US. 
It's like the FBI guy in world war z said. The government can't find its own asshole in the dark. They just want the illusion they can. 
We should ban names and IDSs so that the terrorists can't use them.
This just proves that what we really need is mind surveillance technology. Like my mom used to say, thoughts become plots and plots become terrorist attacks. 
How embarrassing for the French. 
I wish all of the people who were worried about "the government spying on them" would think for a second, if the government, any government, were really that good at catching and analyzing every bit of electronic communication, stuff like this wouldn't happen unless you wanted it to.
Yet somehow encryption caused it.
The surprise 
Fucking bitcoins. They caused this, let's ban them. -----E
Wasn't this already discovered and posted, twice on two different days?
Well, if they'd had more nuclear powered submarines this could have all been avoided.
Seems like that article just ended abruptly 
They'll be looking for terrorist... But, they won't be looking for... Not terrorists.
This is like that badass mouse from that one gif where it hides in plain site from the cat, could someone please post it :D 
Somebody's got some 'splain to do...
Cellphones are clearly to blame for all these troubles.
Wasn't this announced like last week?
Sounds like this should go in r/conspiracy
french inteligence working fine.get more islam to france...
Watch the movie Body of Lies with Leo and Russel Crowe. It talks about this. 
If you are watching everyone, it is very hard to catch the one that will cause trouble. 
I do follow that with the status quo.
This clearly means we should spy on every non-encrypted communication just in case
..so?
Death threats are made daily across the world. If stuff was closed down every time evidence of an attack might happen, many events would be closed down and terrorists would surely do it more often, knowing they can essentially control a society with threats and fear. 
Cannot wait for this to be made into a movie, Jackal style.
How do they managed to steal all those stolen identifications? Is it no longer secured or what? 
So when you hear the media talking about going dark, recognize that's for population surveillance
Must... Repeat... Talking point ...
This is honestly what I would expect
Hiding in plain sight.
BUT WE NEED TO GET RID OF ENCRYPTION!!  THATS THE WHOLE PROBLEM WE SWEAR!!
Well that just means the government needs more of our civil liberties so they can do a better job finding information that might as well be on fucking Facebook!!!! No more surveillance.  It clearly doesn't do shit.  So frustrating.  
What the fuck NSA
That's it. Nobody can have names anymore.
Sounds like it is straight out of a Monty Python skit.  

*"What sort of name is Brahim Abdeslam?"*

*'Sounds encrypted.'*

*'We'll just call him Bruce.'*
This is bs. Edward snowden did this. I KNOW IT WAS HIS FAULT BECAUSE LOGIC - American Politicians
Be sure to read them.
Kinda funny how they don't use the word "encryption" or any variation thereof in the whole article, as if going out of their way to not say they didn't use it. 
Can we eliminate NSA and related bullshit now? Fucking shoe searches are pointless.
Oil and contracts were not the whole picture.
We can no more prevent terrorism than we can a gas station outside Paris and, hours later, in Brussels.
I'm sure the chickenshit officials who tried to pin the blame on Snowden, instead of the failure of their massive, expensive, constitution-shredding, fasistic security apparatus, will issue a sincere apology. 
It's about time for a false-flag operation.  If ISIS won't give our governments the propaganda that they need to revoke all our rights, the governments may need to do it themselves.

God, I hope I'm wrong.
Thanks for the Paris attacks because he was assembling to carry out attacks on Europe.
In plain sight 
Hiding in plain sight... gee who would have thought? All this money spent on domestic and global spying and we still can't see what is right in front of our noses.
Hazard for mass surveillance!!

Then again, that'll never tell is when they've cought terrorists this way to not worry the population. 
Damn Edward Snowden anyway!
This is retarded 
[Everyone right now](http://cdn.frustra.org/sounds/sound/vo/glados/potatos_sp_a3_00_fall18.mp3?id=1188)
Ah the old next level trick
Yeah - I kind of assumed that might be the case I understand why it's ineffective and useless system I'm not going to make those people kingmakers otherwise.
Has the article changed? I don't see any mention of not using encryption or how they planned attacks using simple messaging as OPs title suggests.
For all we know they could have been planning for months using encrypted communication.
Oh boy, get ready for a shit storm from spying supporters...
"Entire security apparatus unable to stop villain talking loudly to himself about stabbing random person in street, before stabbing said person in the face -- demands unlocked front and back doors immediately." 

Hmm.  That seems reasonable.
That's what technology is doing. They are forgetting how leg work is supposed to work. 
This is why I think it is bullshit that the US government can read all emails, communications, phone calls etc.   if it was worth a damn they would have Intel on all stuff like the Paris bombinga but you know what?   They don't.
Cool. Let's stop milking it now like we did 9/11.
The more we try to interpret words of others, the easier it is for them to get the message across. Sometimes, you just need to think SIMPLE
When you really are planning on dying, you don't know what they are European citizens.
Good that every communication is logged. Else they could not have found this out **after** it happened. /s
Gosh, I sure feel safer knowing that the whole ubiquitous internet surveillance is paying off.
Sounds more like the makings of a conspiracy than anything else, who would trust their plans to that kind of exposure?
Goes to prove that not all terrorism is complicated. Now that we only look for the encrypted and heavily planned stuff, I think governments have lost sight of what's going on under their noses. 
Innocent people dying, NSA/GHCQ crying, Mossad laughing.
random note: I saw pictures with the 15$ Nokia models. I can't stop thinking how technology makes everything cheaper, including mass communication for violent groups. Next: how I trained myself into a pro sniper thanks to an oculus VR set.
Epic fail. But not on side of the terrorists but on side of the police. They can't even prevent an attack where they used these means, what will the future bring if they start to use encrypted communication?
Can we just tweet this at everyone who argued the opposite. Is there a shortcut for that?
hiding in plain sight, smart.
It's a good thing they were making it easy. It could have been a hell of a lot worse.
So the authorities don't want us to use encryption, can't be arsed to read plain text messages and people using their real names and IDs while making plans.

National security money well-spent.
So you're saying we should track every Middle Eastern sounding name and keep an eye on their activities? Gotcha!
Be scary to think of what an intelligent group of people are capable of, let alone these cowboy militants.
If the book is not part of a short cryptic call made by a terrorist attack after is found out that the agencies trying to prevent encryption.
They won't be doing that now that politicians called for banning encryption. 
We need more spying ability to get the things and the informations!!!!!!!
Couldn't they have simply planned this through something such as a face book group chat? Or would I make a bad terrorist? 
If you live in has to be unbreakable, they just need to decieve anyone, people pay them, and surrender sensitive info willingly?
Haha I wonder what bullshit excuse the NSA and other mass surveillance advocates have ready to say about this 
How suspiciously convenient that we will be able to label the source of their extremism and bomb it. 

And if this is even true, how big of a fail is it that intelligence agencies didn't catch such a low-tech job? 

Either way, it's ugly for the people alleging to be in control. 
OP must not have read the part of the article where it says they still don't know the real names of 2 of the attackers, otherwise spot on.
Where was NSA in this case?
The best hiding place is within plain sight. 
"simple messaging".

Rumors say they used PSN to write chat messages. 
Damn, if only they'd had more surveillance and less public access to good encryption. . . .
But we'll put encryption in here somewhere and say it's bad. 

/s
Proof the government just wants our dick pics!
Doesn't France have a super hardcore NSA-esque program?
A new way to communicate on the internet pops up every day... that the NSA or any entity would 'think' they can control or eavesdrop on anyone conspiring to do much of anything is as asinine as anything I've ever heard of.

There are just too many myriad ways to communicate for it to be even slightly worth the time and effort... I mean, it just isn't.

They could have been chatting via the chatbox in Warcraft one via dialup.

Who would know?
World's greatest screening process....
If people would just stop listening to the MM media and see propaganda for what it is, this would be a non issue.  But the bigger the lie, the more people will believe it.  And that is especially true in the United Corporations of America.
All these laws that invade our privacy and we can't even stop a bunch of terrorists using an unsecured way of communication? Fucking useless laws , they don't protect at all. 
And here I am thinking these privacy violations would be bypassed by steganography. 
Kudos to a Russian invasion.
It shows that pervasive surveillance was ineffective at detecting and preventing further attacks in the failure to detect the plot ahead of any and all too late anyway..
Doesnt France have their own Carnivore program?
Stupid intelligence talking shit about spying when they use it only as excuse for their own purposes while real danger got pass
Security services were too busy checking forwards from grandma for subversive content?
Dafuq? This was known within a few days of the attack, how did it take them two weeks to write the story?
hilarious the government with all its back doors and hackers miss a simple little thing. they spend more time spying on american people than they do on terrorist.
Am I missing something, or are criminals who get caught are usually super careless? Makes me think about how easy it would be to get away with stuff if you're careful enough.  
So basically they'll soon be reading everyones messages soon.
Most of the surveillance state.
Lmaooo.....and people still believe this shit. 
Confirm or deny: no less than 5 conflicting articles on the Paris attacks organization have been posted to this subreddit.
TIL because of PC bullshit I can plan anything and get away with it if I use the name Machmud or Yousef or Tibor or any other jihadi camel-humper name.

Good info.

EDIT:  Fuck you.  Downvote all you want.
Boy, those intelligence agencies must feel dumb.
I want to add to this conversation. But, I am so drunk. It took forever to type this message.  
Not really a surprise considering most country's "intelligence" agencies have their eye turned towards their own citizens and not elsewhere.
Maybe if these government officials actually did their job, these terrorist attacks could have been prevented. 
There is also the notion that everything happened the way it was supposed to, as part of an engineered scenario.

There are many questions we must ask ourselves if we as a people are to remain vigilant to the war-mongering machinations of our rulers. Stay wide awake people, because now is the most important time to do so.
And the 911 hijackers.
Makes you wonder what kind of shit people who actually take precautions can do and be scat free.
You only use the fake names if you want to get away with it. These people didn't care. In fact they were taught to believe that what they did was somehow good. 
Idiots will behave like idiots. Is it all that shocking that people who kill innocents because of a fairy tale have shit OPSEC? 
Woah ! Woah! Woah!.. This does not fit the narrative.


Nothing to see here civilians....Move along or we'll be forced to protect and serve your ass.
The 'Intelligence' Agencies were too busy listening to my phone calls to see the fucking forest for the trees.
&gt;Halt encryption

Literally the dumbest thing that anyone could ever think of. It is the core element of network security. Without it, there is no such thing as secure communication over the internet.
I agree with him. If you outlaw encryption, only outlaws will have encryption. 
The cynical part of me says that the government knows this already, and it's not the terrorists' data they're after. Terrorism just gives them a nice excuse to ban encryption so they can spy on all of us. 
I managed to convince my mostly computer illiterate grandparents by comparing encryption to bank vault.

A strong encryption is the shinny 2 ft solid steel door with all the fancy lock on it at the bank down the street.

A weak encryption is like the wooden front door of the house.

No encryption is like the public park across the street from the bank.

When you have sensitive or highly valuable stuff, do you keep it on the bench in the park, a closet in the house, or in a locked box in the bank's vault?

And now they believe encryption to be very important and the government is been stupid.
What If Apple would just stop selling their products in the UK in th event of an encryption ban?
[deleted]
So this is why Tim Cook has been getting unwarranted sheit, all along? He doesn't want to get in line with backdooring and general security dismantling?
For the record, anyone who doesn't use Apple products or has a Jihad against them: I've been able to format my Hard Drives using AES encryption for years, and when you reformat a drive it gives you three options in OS X.  Quick format which just writes over the old information, full format which writes 0s over every block on the hard drive before formatting it, and an extended format that will write random bits of data all over the hard drive and wipe it 7 times before formatting your drive.
I'm a linux sysadmin.

Without strong encryption I have no idea how I'd do my work on a day to day basis.

I'm pretty sure if the US outlaws encryption for everyone, then tons of companies will move to a country where it's legal.

Are they going to outlaw it for personal use only and force everyone tech savvy to incorporate themselves? That's also silly.
Correct. And we have enough flaws in our security now. Weak encryption makes hack almost trivial. 
The government are the ones spying. The way this sentence is laid out, they are the "bad people". What's the point in telling them this?
Victim disarmament.
If Apple really wants to get the message across, they should refuse to sell Apple products in the UK if they implement this. Make an example of them. When 60 million people can't get access to their precious iPhones, they'll start screaming at the government and the government will back down. And Apple can afford to forgo UK profits for a time.
I've always thought of it like this.

Trained robbers rarely bust down the front door. They get in through weaknesses in the building and surgically collect the cash, then get out as quietly as they entered.

The government would rather bust down the front door and case the joint just to make sure you're not up to anything.
I will try a slightly different angle on why they want this. This is about being lazy. The government wants to leverage you against you when you do something bad. This is a nice way around the 5h amendment. 

The FBI might be the front for this chatter on the hill but they are not the ones crying like babies. That is the DEA. The DEA had grown accustomed to wire tapping every one and any one they liked if they could even vaguely justify involvement in drug activity. These people hired IT people finally and no longer use standard level non-encryption to communicate.  They use end to end encrypted iMessages. This is why they are hell bent on bringing down iMessage. The DEA does not want to use human intelligence they just want to go back to the old way they worked which is skim and exploit you agains you. 

This terror smoke screen is that a smoke screen. 

I am now putting on my tin foil hat, and say once they have this massive data bank who is minding the shop so to speak. Once you have this data how will it be used if your not subject to a current investigation. This is where they invoke the secrets act. The end point is full history of you and when it suits them call it back up. This should be immensely scary to people.  
Well that is true
Aaaaaaaaaaamen.  

Organizations under the governments, like the CIA, FBI, NSA, already know this.  Our leaders are either naive or evil enough to believe it.  
A-fucking-men. Laws are not there to stop the law breakers. Law breakers don't care about breaking the law.


It's the UK government to be specific. They are not to be trusted
Information gathering is not to counter terrorism it is to get an advantage in economy. It has nothing to do with fighting terrorism 
Ten bucks says he won't apply that logic to guns.
"If you outlaw guns, then only outlaws will have guns".

Well, duh.
[If you outlaw encryption, only outlaws will have encryption.](https://xkcd.com/504/)
It's pretty fucked up companies are trying to protect us from our governments. It should be the other way around.
You can replace the word "encryption" with "the second amendment" and still have a true statement.   As a matter of fact, "the first amendment" would also be an appropriate substitute. 
Finally, something from Apple that I can get with! 
"Apple CEO"...

You mean Tim Cook?
WTF? Why am I seeing so many comments about gun control in here? It's not even remotely close to the same issue. If I owned a gun, there's no way a government or other entity could spy on me with it.

As soon as we allow one person in through a back door, it means criminals can get through it to. There's no point in twisting that analogy to work with guns because computers can't kill people (unless it's a big server and falls in someone).
ITT: gun control
This is EXACTLY the same argument that can be used ANYTIME a government wants to use to ban anything. If it has a good side and a bad side (which everything does) then someone in government wants to take it from the people. Bad people will be bad no matter what the government does. 
*drops iphone*
when they talk about banning encryption what does it actually mean for someone who isn't computer savvy? Do they mean anyone can read my emails and messages etc?
so, then we all have to become criminals with the knowledge to encrypt our own phones. 

we all go to jail&gt;not enough jails and building them seems silly&gt; everyone on lifetime house arrest&gt;still go to work/school/hang out and live our lives because they still need people to turn the wheels and press the buttons, but under FULL surveillance&gt;3 meals a day and full medical care provided at tax payer expenses&gt;
It's like requiring that everyone have no locks on their doors by law. Criminals will have clandestine locks installed and be safe. Law-abiding people will be in constant danger and have their homes trespassed into all the time by criminals.
This is the same paradigm with the "war on drugs".

Simply outlawing and maybe adding stronger punishments does not give the government control more control. In fact it does the complete opposite. You lose control of what you are attempting to control.
'Good people', have morals, morals are anti-government..
100% true and accurate. If you halt something that is mostly used by good people, to protect themselves, the bad guys will still be able to hurt them.

Sound familiar?

I was legitimately flabbergasted when I read this headline. I thought to myself...."this is exactly the same point with law abiding gun owners."
This is the same for gun laws.
Could we not replace the word 'encryption' with 'firearms'?
Exactly like gun laws.  Thank you for making a great parallel.  
It's almost like the same argument with gun laws ... Take away guns from everyone then only the bad guys have them and not the good .
Maybe Apple can put some funding into https://letsencrypt.org then. 
2nd Amendment
Those who would give up essential liberty, to purchase a little temporary safety, deserve neither liberty nor safety.
-- Benjamin Franklin
I think this can apply to weapons too
Isn't this the same argument with guns, drugs, and prostitution?
Gun Control Logic
I'm not really sure what this quote means.  
sounds like gun control
Why does this sound like the anti-gun control argument?
Same thing with guns
Sounds like the argument for guns. 
Funny that we accept thus argument for encryption, but not gun control, especially with the advent of 3d printers
Similar argument to be made for overreaching gun control?
But that's the point: the authorities want to track the good people. They have other methods for tracking bad people -- they always have, back when encryption meant secret book codes and dead-drops. It's called espionage, and governments are very good at it.

But they want to control the masses, and the best way to do that is make sure they (the masses) know that the government knows (or will find out) all their dirty little secrets.
ITT: a gun control debate in /r/technology
Why are we still buying into this terrorism argument? It's just a stupid talking point. This is about the average person and collecting their money. Government is strangling us with taxes and crippling the world economy to save their asses.  THIS IS ABOUT YOUR DATA AND HOW THAT DATA CAN BE USED TO CONTROL YOU AND YOUR MONEY. 
FYI public officials: If you're not smart enough to understand why weakening encryption is a very bad thing, you shouldn't be making decisions for the public interest. 
Think of Apple what you will, but come privacy these guys are on top compared to other major tech companies. 
The ol' gun control argument.
Surprise! It was never about the bad people.
This is pretty similar to part of the pro gun argument actually.
The idea that stopping encryption helps catch criminals is ridiculous, any serious criminals will buy encryption "packages" if necessary.  

The war on data is like the war on drugs. Currently a massive waste of time and money.
Apple CEO: "I'll say whatever it takes to sell more product." I'm an Apple fan, btw.
That's no doubt the whole point. 

Spying on the average citizen is no doubt far more important to these agencies who want to weaken it than spying on the tiny amount of terrorists and the like out there. 

The likelihood of anyone in an industrialized nation being a victim of terrorism violence is so low that it barely exists. 

In the USA, in the past several years combined the amount of people dead from terrorist violence just barely ekes into double digits, as in somewhere between 10 and 20 depending on how you count and what you include as terrorism. Basically none of it was Muslim terrorism, which seems to be the bogey man du jour.

Meanwhile, tens of thousands have died in traffic, 8500 people have been murdered with guns in non-terrorism involved ways, and millions have perished from preventable illnesses and the like. Terrorism barely registers on the chart.

For that, people should give up their civil liberties and right to privacy?

Seriously?
Ah, Apple CEO, you are so adorable.

It's not to go after whatever excuse they can come up with. It's to acquire and maintain power by doing things like illegally monitor those communications through the ministries that have no supervision (i.e. "defense" industries) for the interests of those who govern so that they can keep on governing. It is so naively egocentric that they would seriously jeopardize the security of their telecommunication services because of it.

The law is not for everyone. I though that myth had been debunked some time ago. It is a high ceiling that gives a house advantage to the established few and maintains order between equals.
"Were going to ban use of the letter 'e' while were at it."
People that are always watching you can't be trusted. They're not doing anything useful and present only risk. Increased risk increases anxiety, unease. Increasing anxiety and increasing population density can yield only one outcome.
Look fellow gun owners--another double standard!
Same exact logic applies to gun control. 
NRA has being saying that for years. 
So if we ban guns the good people will be the only ones that are affected? hmmm...
EXACTLY the same reason DRM is bad.
I am all in favor of pervasive encryption but this is a silly argument.  Most crimes are poorly planned if they are planned at all, and there is a good chance the the cops will find something on the suspects phone which will aid the investigation / prosecution.  We're not talking about terrorist masterminds, we're talking about some guy who texts his buddies about how he's going to kill his ex's dog, and then goes and does it.
u can't hack me, I got Norton!!
Apple is talking to the people, not the NSA and the rest of the government.  The government already knows this because the specific reason they want this is to spy on Americans, not terrorists.
Welcome to the gun argument. 

If you outlaw guns, only outlaws will have guns. 
Sounds exactly like the argument for guns. Just as valid too.
Funny. This argument being used for phones and surveillance when it is a strong argument against overarching gun control laws and often dismissed.
I wish this logic would be applied to gun control. 
Is he talking about encryption? Or gun control?
It's the same thing with gun control
This same argument can be applied to gun control.
So kinda like gun laws? If you outlaw guns for the good law abiding citizen then only then bad unlawful people will have guns.
This is essentially the same argument many make on gun control...

"Gun laws only affect law abiding citizens because the bad guys are already cool with breaking the law."
So wait, conservatives use this argument for gun rights and get ridiculed by liberals for being naive, but liberals can use it use it for internet privacy rights and its justified?
Kinda like guns
This could be a quote against gun control

The same logic applies to owning firearms, drugs, our rights, etc...
I think this a conservative gun control argument applied to a different technology. If you outlaw guns, only law abiding citizens will stop buying them. 
ITT: every controversial comment is about gun control 
Just like guns. They know this, and going after the bad guys is not their true agenda. 
These same people don't understand this argument for more restrictive gun laws...
Same can be said for strict gun control. Making it harder for a law-abiding citizen to purchase a gun does nothing to stop criminals.
This same argument applies to gun control. 
It has been, is, and always will be about those in control retaining their control. There is a reason why there is a trope about hackers being the ones to free society from the bonds of government. 
This is strangely like that argument about banning guns to stop criminals.
Funny, I use this argument to argue against gun control and get told "that's totes not the same thing."
Says the CEO of the company that ships a known-compromised version of OoenSSH in its latest OS and hasn't updated it.
Very logical. Sounds a bit familiar though, oh yeah, it's the same reason to not get stupid with gun control. 
Let's all clap and applaud Tim Cook for supporting public interests in privacy and then be totally surprised and outraged when it is eventually found out that Apple has been sharing our personal information with the NSA
Same thing with gun control and drugs.
This is the exact same argument against more gun control.

More gun control means you hurt the people who are law-abiding as the bad people already break existing laws and obtain their guns illegally. 
funny - same could be said for gun control
We have seen this exact law making philosophy when it comes to gun laws.  They don't care that they are only hurting the good people, that's the entire point of the legislation...
His name is Tim Cook. 
Just like gun control!
Isn't this the same reasoning people use to defend gun rights?  It seems to me you could replace 'encryption' with 'gun rights' and it would read the same.  I don't think this says anything about either issue, but I think it does say something about this argument, like, maybe it isn't all that sound.
NRA or Apple. Sounds like the same argument.
Yet whenever we apply this same logic to guns, reddit freaks out.
Amusingly this is PRECISELY the same argument that Pro-2A folks use in regards to firearms!
That's funny, this argument sounds similar to the one against gun control. 
Same argument regarding gun control. 
The other people know where to go: away from proprietary systems and companies which can be strongarmed by fascist governments like UK.

Only open source community projects are immune.
Apple CEO needs to call it out for what it is and not pander to the dialogue. This is not about stopping "bad people" this is about circumventing well established Constitutional expectations. Apple CEO just needs to come out and say the governments excuse is bullshit and disingenuous.
Holy shit, this is so fucking true.  More people need to understand this, instead of the neckjerk "if you aren't doing anything bad, what does it matter?" response.  The "bad guys" have darknet and deepweb connections where they can hide anyway.
This is true and the quote is great but I have to wonder what goes on behind the scenes.
It's the same thing with DRM. It's only paying customers that ever have to deal with it because pirates just remove it.
This whole argument they're presenting is basically saying "we want to be able to raid houses of dangerous criminals easier, so we should ban door locks."

It's so dumb and easy to see through that I really think anyone that actually buys it should be banned from ever voting again.
What?  "If you stop making it harder to do things, the good people will lose out as the bad ones already taught themselves to do the slightly harder things."  

...what?
Ehh its all useless when the IT Vendors all allow backdoors for the NSA anyway.
I love the fact that Apple is so strong on its stance when it comes to this matter. I really hope whatever comes next doesn't shake them from current their business policies. 
Working in the IT field for over 10 yrs. I can attest to that statement. 
I like the way he's ELI5-ing this one. 

"Bad things", "good people". etc.

This is the sort of thing we need, because governments will try to spin us out of our freedoms *democratically* by getting the ignorant to vote for bullshit.
I love how everyone in here is so supportive of this statement but wont even look at the same argument for firearms.  
In addition to that, banning encryption violates our right to free speech.
I may be stupid to ask this but whats the long term plan. Whats their plan with motive with all this data what do you think they will do with the information?
Not true at all. Many criminals use extremely unsophisticated methods to commit crimes...
Oh yes, I'm sure the government wants to weaken encryption because it will help the good people in the long run. They're just misinformed, that's all! Give them the right information and you can bet they'll do the right thing! 
Honestly, I think that they can read encrypted data. 
Yeah, well, duh.

"If you remove your front door, it's not the burglars you hurt, but the people who live there."

DEEP.
Guys.


Why is this a controversy?


Encrypted data is a fact of life. Federal and State laws will have to change to accommodate some hypothetical "no more encryption" political movement, one example being HIPPA. We effectively wouldn't be allowed to have electronic versions of patient data, which means no online/automated health-care services or health-care related services PERIOD.


Also, "encryption" is merely a mathematical masking of data. Like, how can you be against that without being against things like compression algorithms. And who among us wants to outlaw 7zip?


To the informed, this issue is just non-sensical. 
Just a small point: the concept of digital "backdoors" has been around since way, waaay before Snowden..
Thank you for that seriously obvious statement
Might as well require all mail to be written on post cards as well. 
Federally implemented back doors are the same as someone telling you to leave your bedroom window unlocked. Stating, "it's ok, we're the only ones who know about it."
Honestly I have no problem for the government to spy on my internet/email/phone calls as long as they stop putting shit in my food and water and the air I breath....
I find, that somehow, people who agree with this argument, tend to discount the analogous one for guns.
Yes, so now allow there to be a GPGTools for iOS.
This argument sounds familiar. 
Reminds me of the situation with immigration laws in the U.S
Why do we have to dumb down the argument to this level? Aren't the government helped by brilliant enough advisors?
Encryption is a tool that ups an arms war of encryption/decryption. It can be used for good and bad. Not sure how having an unbreakable lock is somehow more good than bad or more bad than good at all.
There are already end-to-end encryption services available for text messaging and VOIP. So how do they expect to halt or weaken these services? In those cases the only people who can decrypt the signals are the sender and the recipient.
It's OK Apple, I've stepped my security up, Decoder Ring! 
Makes a bunch of sense doesn't it?

What benefit would the government get if they implemented wide spread monitoring? 

They wouldn't catch the bad guys, they know how to get around.

But direct advertising is pretty good reason eh? They know what you want so they give you ads for that stuff.
this feels oddly similar to many things that are said in the debate on gun violence (not that i am for the people who want to put guns in every classroom or anything like that)
I can't believe people are even *considering* outlawing encryption. I know lawmakers are dumb, but I didn't know they were *that* dumb...
Silicon Valley should form its own country, or buy California and [secede from the union](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secession_in_the_United_States). The tax benefits alone would be worth it. Slowly it could buy up other cash-strapped states, offering free education programs that fin in with an overall corporate agenda - giving rise to a new generation of scientists, leaders, and designers. As the old American Union slowly fades into obscurity, world peace will start to have a real chance.
I see the echo chamber is still functioning.
Typical politicians... "If we make a law against something people will stop using it"

We should outlaw cocaine. Oh wait....
i.e. You have nothing to fear if you have nothing to hide.
Unfortunately people don't feel that same way about guns 
"yea, thats the point, retard" - FBI
It's less about terrorism and more about affairs and strange porn. 
Im david cameron and I want to ban copy/paste in favour of sticking my penis is a pigs mouth please? 
See also: Laws
So Apple makes the 2nd Amendment / NRA argument and everyone is with them?
Its true the FBI knows it too. The deep web is quite the place 
As someone going into network administration, I fear what this will cause if anything is passed to weaken encryption. 
So in other words the exact people who are being targeted.....

Working as intended.
I know he's not Steve Jobs, but I'm sure we'll all know who you are talking about if you say Tim Cook, lol.
Quoting my network prof back in college:

&gt;For every lock, there is always a key
Jesus Christ... Man in the middle attacks take zero effort if nothing is hidden!
For once it isn't US politicians doing something stupid. Although I'm sure they're thinking the same thing. 
Been saying this about crackers DRM and piracy for years, exact same thing only people you hurt with draconian methods is the "clean" folks, anyone doing anything shady is generally going to be skilled enough that they can bypass your measures
Eat shit GCHQ - I'm in Canada now!
The thing is, there's no actual way to tell what he thinks.

This is just the most profitable thing to say right now. He might mean it, or he might be saying it because he thinks it'll be a popular thing to say.
Hate on Apple all you want, at least they're taking this stand.
Which is of no concern to the people who want this. In fact, its almost certainly the entire motivation behind it.
I've been saying for years that encryption, network security suites and certain types of hacking scripts should have 2nd Amendment protections. 
just be like FINE, NO MORE COMPUTERS THEN

After reading the article for the first time I am considering using Apple devices. So impressed.
Wait, is this about actual computers, or a subtle metaphor from anti-gun control enthusiasts?
He is absolutely right.
Politicians don't care. They are paid but care. After all they are taught that they know better than everybody else.
Wow - Tim Cook being smart.  Weird.
First sense out of his mouth
Wow finally something useful from Apple. 
I didn't read every comment, but the overwhelming majority of the people in this thread have no fucking clue how this works.

Data being secure and that secure data being untraceable by the government are sooooo different.
What's the point behind "weakening encryption"? To make it easier to crack the encryption? A fucking no brainer. Might as well not encrypt at all. Could well make it to a modern-day Monty Python skit.
Is it just me or does there seem to be a lot of similar rhetorical motifs between gun control and encryption policy?
This logic could applied elsewhere also. Like on gun control.
Only good guys with encryption can stop bad guys with encryption.
This is my argument against gun control
Sounds like the NRA but what do I know.
"If you make your devices closed source, the people you hurt are not the folks that want to do bad things. It's the good people. The other people know where to go."
The exact same logic applies to citizen disarmament.
&gt; Bredbandsbolaget refused to comply, stating that its only role is to provide customers with internet access and ensuring the free-flow of information.

As they should, I can't help but feel like this is always the right answer. I wish some local ISPs would get thinking the same way.
Attemping to ban piratebay is just wasting resources that could be used somewhere useful.
Well, That's nice of them. Lets see how long it lasts. 
The Dam has already been breached for so long, that any counter-measures against the Pirate Bay (or any other well-populated P2P indexing platform) would cause nought but minor inconveniences to the user base. The majority of people who torrent already have back-doors and workarounds for just about any counter-measure that is established, and if not then they are usually smart enough to Google for an answer.
I think the correct idea is they can't.   I don't really agree with piracy, but as they've seen already, cut them off and 7 more show up.  At least I (and hopefully the Swedish courts in this decision) can understand the impossibility of trying to simply ban it and say "no more piracy now."  A lot of what needs to happen is better innovation, right now a lot of major publishers have really shit pipelines into digital distribution, and it's amazing that non-paid sources can so often offer a better service.  
&gt;They claimed that, unless it blocks Pirate Bay, Bredbandsbolaget should be held responsible for the copyright infringements of its customers.

So classic.  We cant really control the thing thats actually breaking the law,  so we will just harass something associated with it.  "yeah,  we know that your brother robbed the bank,  but we are going to charge you with it because he spent the night in your house. So go tell him to stop or goto jail" 
Meanwhile, in fucking Norway, TPB has been blocked. At least we've still got KAT, though.
After pirate bay going offline a while ago, I switched over to kickass.to. haven't been back. Maybe one day media companies will realize that even if they finally and completely snuff out pirate bay, everybody has already moved on, and there are indeed other torrent websites.
One small win for net neutrality. We need more of this. 
A similar case was lost in Norway. 8 ISPs now have to block TPB and other similar sites. [Link](https://translate.google.no/translate?hl=no&amp;sl=no&amp;tl=en&amp;u=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nrk.no%2Fkultur%2Fna-er-pirate-bay-blokkert-1.12546902)
"Today's headlines" section:

* Swedish court: 'We cannot ban Pirate Bay' 
* Police: we can't protect Sweden from terrorists 
* Swedish school: 'We have not banned Lucia' (A Swedish nursery school has insisted it is not banning a beloved December tradition after a Facebook message posted by a furious parent went viral. )
I wish the Norwegian courts would have had the balls to reach this same, obviously correct, decision as well. Also, it's a stupid implementation of a ban anyway; theyre not forced to block the site, they just arent allowed to have it on their dns server. So, just switching to one of the many free and available dns servers out there gets around that, and you can get to tpb through your isp just fine. So the isp hasnt in fact blocked anything.
This is an example of the amazing things that happen when your government isn't taking bribes from anyone and everyone. 
&gt; Bredbandsbolaget refused to comply, stating that its only role is to provide customers with internet access and ensuring the free-flow of information.

brb moving to Sweden. Are we sure this is a real ISP?
Let's see how long it takes before Murican lawyers come here again to try to change Swedish laws :/
Americans i love you but holy fuck your Government and Lawyers need to stay in Murica.

This year another Hollywood producer couldn't buy is tenth mansion because of Internet pirates.Would you download a car? #stopinternetpiracy
TPB was never the root of the problem, it was just a leaf of the piracy tree.

You can try to get rid of TPB, but then I'll use another torrent site. Get rid of that and I'll find the next. Ban all torrent sites? I'll stream it through a video site. Somehow you ban all video sites? I'll look at warez forums. Ban all warez forums? I'll either get it from a friend or not bother. You can't stop it.

People pirate because:

1) It's convenient and easy

2) It's free

3) It enables you to watch things regardless of where you live or what time you want to view it.

Companies need to figure out better ways to give people what they want and people will pay for it, just like they did with Netflix. 
It's stupid anyway, they blocked it in the UK and we have hundreds of proxies enabling access to tpb, kat etc every day. It wouldn't matter even if they banned it.
Thanks Sweden!
**Good!** Sweden has the right idea! Good for them. I hope we can all follow suit.
Sweds are the real MVP
I still don't get how they can ban pirate bay. The website does nothing bad... There is no illegal content on the website itself. All illegal content is on computers of the users. 

Honestly it is like banning steel company, because knife company made knifes from it's steel and users of those knifes murdered someone. 
Can someone please clarify the situation of Piratebay for me? Last time I remember they got taken down by the FBI or something but is now back up. However, some people say that the new Piratebay is controlled by the police and can track you down when you go on the website?
In the USA, MPAA, RIAA and other Hollywood sources would have paid off politicians to vote in their favor.
Well that's it then. All publishers should shut down shop and stop selling their digital products. Oh wait they still turn massive profits and piracy isn't killing the industry.
They literally just can't. They gave up trying. 
I mean, haven't they tried before and failed multiple times? or am I thinking of something else?
Long live the Pirate Bay!
A District Court ruling means nothing. The prosecution have already said they will appeal and ,essentially, until the High Court have made it's ruling nothing will matter.  
I see a sternly worded letter from a cadre of MPAA/RIAA lawyers in their future.
So what does this mean for the pirate bay and its founders? Can they safely set up shop in Sweden and run it without concerns? 
Is tpb still a thing? I thought it was a honeypot.
What the heck is address for piratebay nowadays. There seem to be 200 dangerous clones
Meanwhile in the UK...
No matter how much you try people will find a way round it.

Anybosy here remembers  MEGA UPLOAD?   Ahhh good old days 
I love you Sweden, for your women, your torrents and for that Thor guy. 
These brave pirates will dine with Odin and Thor in valhalla
Serious question: Often within the Comments section hosted by the Pirate Bay, users post license keys and explicit instructions on how to bypass DRM. Would the act of hosting these comments constitute liability on the behalf of the PB?
Sweden and the Nordic counties are probably the last bastions of civilized society. It's amazing what can be done when government works for the people and aren't in the pockets of corporations. It's like they actually want to improve the lives of their citizens and not just make obscene amounts of money!
i think they realize it would be a waste of time. a new TPB would be up in a matter of days 
Sweden - so liberal. Why do I have to live in america :(

Why do people feel that pirate bay (or similar sites) shouldn't be banned?  Second, why shouldn't ISP's block these sites?   If a bank knowingly funnels laundered money, shouldn't they be made to stop or face legal consequences?


I don't use these particular sites, but did use napster back in the day and have on occasion streamed a TV show that I couldn't find on Netflix.  I recognize that those actions are stealing, and am not surprised when they go offline and assume they were shut down.  So, I don't ask the question from a position that I haven't done it myself.  I just don't understand how anyone feels justified defending pirate bay, mega upload, etc. 
We can however allow muslim immigrants to keep child wives as young as 12 years old. Sweden is SO progressive I wish I lived there.
Why do I get downvoted and hated for saying I pirate games and yet this is considered a "victory"?
I am saying not until summer their offices will be raided by police. 
Too bad the Norwegian court made the opposite decision a few months ago :(
[As someone who now makes enough money to pay for movies](http://i.imgur.com/EeZrMNK.jpg)
Google doesn't host the content of pirate bay has been blocked.
Go ahead ban ThePiratebay. They got barely any moderators anyways
Well too be fair it's not the first time the Swedes have lost to some pirates
the ruler should be able to control the information
Too bad, tpb cannot be trusted anymore after their founding members were arrested some 3 years ago. There was a hostile takeover and even torrentfreak was not aware about it. This ship has sailed. RIP.
Is it common for the exact same article to share the top and second-top spots on the front page, albeit originally posted in different subs?

/r/worldnews/comments/3ugp01/swedish_court_we_cannot_ban_pirate_bay_after/
No one can anyone nowadays. 
sure - can't be forced....that just opens them up to being sued if they choose not to do something.

bonus
Clearly that's the place the judge torrents judge judy episodes.
Well, Russia is currently banning the most popular torrent site in the country - rutracker, which was used by millions of people. Though it's still will be avalible for non-russian users. 
Virgin media in the UK, most torrent sites blocked. Superfast interwebs though, just been upgraded to 200mbs. My ping on Counter strike is usually below 5.
They don't actually, you'd think they would have been extradited to the street because someone could find a way to buy stolen goods.
Get rid of that and I'll be completely set.
And if it wouldn't, it would be to have a bank account with no delay at all.
The funds will usually be credited to the convenience of this.
However, there are real pirates sailing around Africa these days Or flying in middle east.
Now take someone like Google or your ISP provides.
Target bans can be played on any device.
Only 0.2%0 was using TPB according to the convenience of this.
So the message is sent before the money electronically from Bank of America to a house producing illegal drugs.
It's nothing like buying a bike from craigslist because there is little that is established, and if not then they are notified of the year.
Score another point for the internet.
The pirate life for me! Yargh

Hey /u/doug3465,


This is now the top post on reddit. It will be recorded at /r/topofreddit with all the other top posts.
Like Gabe Newell said: piracy is almost always a service problem. 

Give people a platform where they can buy and download shit in the language, quality and/or format they want and they will use that. Bandcamp is a good example. 

At least if they're people like me who actually *want* to support the people they like instead of pirating shit illegaly.
Why can't more places be like sweden. Sweden seems like an awesome place to live. 
It's currently banned / blocked in the UK, however the solution is to simply use one of the hundreds of proxys which have been set up to get round the block. It would have be a complete waste of time and resources for Sweden to even try and block it.
[Swedish nerds](https://j.gifs.com/KRQWBY.gif)
Damn Swedes, doing better than us Norwegians on the topic. 
Until the TPP becomes law.
[deleted]
People have been sharing and trading for a million years and it's an undisputedly, unquestionably good thing. 

Any business model should respect that fact, as inconvenient as it might be for their short term benefit, and adapt accordingly.


If I remember TPB has been passing around a relatively small zip file that contains every single torrent file on the site. They update it constantly. So even if they did get it blocked, it wouldn't stop shit.
thank god for Sweden
&gt; "resulting in huge losses for music and movie makers."

*Citation needed*…
Even if you ban torrent sites, there is still tor, I2P, IPFS, the list goes on.
Trying to ban or shut down the pirate bay is like playing wack-a-mole. It just pops up somewhere else.
Make content easily accessible and don't clog it up with ads and people will only move the activity elsewhere. not all the content someone else provides.
Article says:

&gt; "...share music, film and other files using bit torrent technology, or peer-to-peer links offered on the site – resulting in huge losses for music and movie makers."

I disagree with that statement, or at least I don't know that it's been proven sufficiently to be stated as an unqualified fact.
freedom of information wins! 
Calling TPB a file sharing site is like calling google maps a restaurant.
Criminals use roads. Roadbuilders should prevent criminals from using roads otherwise they are accomplices. That's basically what these people are saying. 
Remember to seed now guys. It's for freedom.
If you think about it, the concept is incredible.

PLEASE BAN THIS SITE BECAUSE WE CHARGE FOR THIS CONTENT, AND THIS SITE MAKES IT AVAILABLE FREE OF CHARGE TO THE REST OF THE WORLD.

Information of any kind is supposed to be free.  

This is not like it's Child Porn or any other kind of video where a people are being exploited etc...this is a victimless crime, if they just got with the times and EMBRACED technology instead of fighting it, they would not really lose anything.  If they did a JOINT RELEASE online the same day as the theatre, or even within a WEEK, I'll bet they would make MORE and not less in any way.  I personally would love to watch a new movie at 4k quality in my home theatre with my 60 " screen and my surround sound.

Watching a CAM RECORDING of a movie is not hurting anyone, and it's not a pleasant experience...who cares if some people share that?  
The Torrent and magnet links that they host only really 'show you the door'. It's the end users involved acting as clients/servers of the p2p illegal downloads in question.



-----

That all said, if you close the door another will always open.


Fucking always.
The only sane decision to make. An ISP (Internet Service Provider, remember) only has one job and that is to provide Internet service. 

It is then up to their customers to follow or not follow all aspects of the law. If their customers don't, it's for the justice system to go after the people who are infringing, it's not the job of the ISP to act like a content police, anymore than it is up to a phone company to monitor what their customers are saying and/or block them based on that.

The Pirate Bay trial was a fiasco from start to finish and the verdicts were nonsense, but at least there is still some sanity left in the Swedish  justice system.
This is huge.
Another glorious victory for the pirate party. 
I guess that just means its time for the MPAA and RIAA to start bribing **Swedish** judges and politicians as well. 
Oh wow. This is interesting 
It's not about blocking people from downloading torrents... It's just the idea that they can block websites for these reasons.

The Pirate Bay was also blocked in my country for some months, but after that it was just reversed. The ISP's were against the block themselves. (The downloads went up btw, because of the publicity)

It's just.. Stupid.. The internet is an open something. We life in free countries they say, but I think year by year we lose some of our freedom.

Now shit is happening to that popcorn time. Just protect yourself people, I think I can support the US gun law for the internet. Have a VPN to protect yourself, or some fast servers.. If you catch my drive. 

"We need more guns to protect ourself and our families from guns" (NRA) in this case VPN's and stuff.

I btw don't agree with the US gun law on guns.
The reality is they can't block it because the entire site is not designed for pirating copyrighted material even though that is what a lot of users use it for.  That is not a fair application of the law in my book.

The argument that blocking it is a waste of time because more sites will pop up for torrents, people will torrent anyways, etc.. is garbage.  That's like saying if we close down one whorehouse with sex slaves, seven more will pop up so we shouldn't do anything about it.  As much as people want to squeal, downloading copyrighted material illegally is warranted of fines or criminal charges. Maybe just not to the ridiculous magnitude of the RIAA.  

Yeah we all like torrenting free shit but could we seriously stop the bullshit acting like we're not doing so off these sites?  The best argument to be made is for business to adapt to the changing market, like netflix, pandora, amazon video, etc... have.  Not that stealing people's shit is a human right or unavoidable so we might as well force governments to accept it.
Good. The easier it is to violate copyright law, the better.

I always make a point to use TPB with a proxy though. Never know when the MAFIAA might be watching.
[deleted]
Too bad.  Maybe kids would finally be forced to pay for their movies and games then.

And people wonder why that generation is so entitled.
I love The Pirate Bay, but you have to admit, everything on that site is so fucking illegal. I think they should be able to ban it the same way they ban child porn sites.
Lovely. Excellent. Do they get to have a consistent domain name now?
But the ISP is fully aware that piracy can take place through communications on their network. Clearly they must block every customer from using their network to prevent this from happening.
Honestly, it's just wasting resources. You take one down, another pops up elsewhere. Like, fuck it. Call it a day.
On my opinion, companies should invest more to protect their products against piracy not try to restrict internet use.
Iceland banned it.  
Obviously did NOT work.
And the UK just bent over and did as they were told.
good




wish the UK went with this decision, not that it's been a problem since they have 100s of URLs that aren't blocked... 
I'm gonna celebrate this ruling by downloading a whole TV series tonight!
As an American I want to thank the Swedish government for standing up against my illegitimate government for once. American authorities grossly abused their power against the name and ideals of our forefathers in a long train of abuses such as these. 
Because we have freedom in Sweden!
So.. I can keep downloading?
Common Sense Decision: If local government maintains Roads for free flow of traffic and someone robs a bank and uses the roads as a getaway, then is the local government complicit in the crime OR the car manufacture OR the bank itself for storing the money in common place. 
So, just switching to one of the full TPB site somewhere else.
Do people not already know TPB is effectively dead?

the site admins lost control of it a while ago, it's no longer safe to use, and likely never will be again.
USA funding must have been cut
Redditors rejoice as they get to continue torrenting 
Keep in mind that this is a district court, a court of first instance, I can't speak for the Swedish courts, but here in the Netherlands district courts sometimes have bold judgements.

This will almost certainly go to a court of appeal first, then cassation before the supreme court will likely follow. It's a great step in the right direction, but it'll be years before the Swedish have certainty.
Wooooooot! Pirates unite!
Sweden is truly the motherland.
+1 for da bay
Not for lack of trying. 
Wait...does that mean that the Bay is coming back?
people still use pirate bay?
Im moving to Sweden
This is why I drive a Volvo S60r
We did it reddit!
Sverige asså vilken grabb
Good guy Sweden
You can try to get round the block.
Arrr and Pirate Bay lives on!
We've been fighting this shit for years and hollywood and all these big companies are still here.

So how do we possibly know that they're really losing money from piracy when they've been getting bigger and bigger every year.
That's not the same way Twitter is not the utilities responsibility to monitor/control the way their product is free, that means you are transferring funds to an international account, your account will be debited the same thing at all We're kinda getting to that point.
Que Hollywood to get its britches in a bunch, aaand ACTION.
If I give you a knife isn't illegal.
Windows 10 has blocked me from Piratebay for over a week, I NEED MY DAMN PORN Microsoft!
Yeah, how do they enforce it even if they manage to overturn it? Let the justice system dictate and enforce the law, not private businesses.
No shit you can't. They are hosted on hydra-style servers now, you'll never take it down if you wanted.
&gt;The Pirate Bay, which grew into an international phenomenon after it was founded in Sweden in 2003, allows users to dodge copyright fees and share music, film and other files using bit torrent technology, or peer-to-peer links offered on the site – resulting in huge losses for music and movie makers.

News outlets still spreading dat bullshit I see.
It's weird. Almost immediately after the attacks happened the news was saying things like "Could the terrorists have had help from encryption software and encrypted websites to do this."

I'm no conspiracy person, but that immediate turnaround to encryption made me stop for a second and just say, "Oh, so that's what this is about."

Not even gonna give this one the standard few weeks before releasing a report to say "Terrorists used encrypted websites, need to get rid of encryption." 

Just go ahead and plant the baseless seed right there during the attack.
So, the 9/11 effect...
Wouldn't it be cool if officials were punished for lying to people.
It's easier to fool a person than it is to convince them that they have been fooled,
This sounds strangely familiar coming from someone in the US... I'm probably crazy, no government power would abuse ease dropping laws try set in place to "protect" the people. 
This is what confuses me- The NSA can spy on anything they want in the whole world, but with certain restrictions for US citizens. To cover that gap, they have Britain, Israel, etc spy on US citizens, so why are we pretending that there are restrictions? Everyone is getting spied on. 



[NSA shares raw intelligence including Americans' data with Israel](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/sep/11/nsa-americans-personal-data-israel-documents)

[NSA 'offers intelligence to British counterparts to skirt UK law'](http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2013/jun/10/nsa-offers-intelligence-british-counterparts-blunkett)

["Britain's GCHQ intelligence agency can spy on anyone but British nationals, the NSA can conduct surveillance on anyone but Americans, and Germany's BND (Bundesnachrichtendienst) foreign intelligence agency can spy on anyone but Germans. That's how a matrix is created of boundless surveillance in which each partner aids in a division of roles.](http://www.spiegel.de/international/world/secret-documents-nsa-targeted-germany-and-eu-buildings-a-908609.html)

Here's the problem: You guys have the ability to look at anything you want, yet you keep asking for more powers. It's almost like they are pretending they don't have total control over communications. 
The media, as usual, is criminally complicit.
My parents lived the "Eastern Block". They would whisper when talking about the bad shit that was happening to them. 1/10 people were informants, there were microphones into any fucking building. I swore I would leave my country so I cannot be affected by the echoes of that fear and paranoia. Now I live in Canada, it's a wonderful place that I really love. I hope this new police state, very similar in shape with the old communist dictatorships won't come so aggressively to Canada too. It looks like it's already too late for the US. 

First sign is when scared people defend the abuse, or censorship: "yes it's fine, it's for our own safety". It never is, truly. It's starts slowly, and very soon you'll "whisper" too, don't let it happen. 

Regular people would gather in front of their apartment buildings, and speak bad about the leadership with coded words like: "jerking off". They would go: "When I'm in my own house can I just jerk off in peace, without the secret police knowing about it, I just want to "jerk off" in my own house, it's not hurting anyone, but nobody can force me not to jerk off in my own home" 

Meeting new people was a real hassle, since you never know if they're working for the state or not, so a lot of double meaning stuff would be said to be sure you we're both on the same page. 
Some guy at my dad's factory (he was HR/payroll) stole some cement (everyone would steal from their place of work) and my dad got questioned because they believed he was in on it, they squeezed his fingers in the door and punched him a bit, this was light torture and he was happy he didn't end up with a professional torturer, the kind that does "ball stuff". 
At this point I'm pretty sure if I wanted to circumvent the government's digital surveillance, wiretapping, encryption neutralization, backdoors, email scanning, and SMS collection to convey a secret message, I could just write someone a fucking letter.
The irony is that time and time again after these sorts of attacks we find out that these governments already had information on these people.  However, I would like to throw this out there:  what if it's possible that events such as these cannot be stopped?  
They can send messages via drones: Outlaw drones
They can send messages via Playstation Video Games: Outlaw games
They can send messages hidden in .jpegs: Outlaw email
They can use tin cans and wire: ?

At what point does this get out of control?
They are like jackals waiting for a scent of blood, you can hear them yipping madly now.
I was still a kid when the Patriot Act was enacted.  Even then, I remember watching Bush announce it on the tv (to enthusiastic applause) and thinking to myself, "Aren't we all overreacting just a little?"  I'm still waiting for them to get rid of that damn thing.
Told my buddies this was coming while the attacks on Paris were just unfolding. 

I have simply come to accept that ISIS are controlled and guided by sources outside of Middle East. 

I had this nutty theory a while back and every time a terrorist attacks happens, what I expect to happen does happen. 

Every single thing seems to be pointing towards one goal, which is to align the laws of all powerful nations so they all look alike. Almost all powerful nations have had a terrorist attacks and each one of these nations have passed or attempted to pass very similar laws to the patriot act, with in the next few days of the attacks. 

Each one of these nations is also involved in controlling the last free frontier, I.e Internet. The web is the only source that allows us to hear opinions of others, opinions that are not laced with mainstream media's guided and controlled narrative. Once we lose the Internet, all avenues of of free unfiltered speech will be controlled and we will only know what they want us to know. 

TPP, NAfTA, Arab union, European Union, African Union are all entities and trade agreements to setup a one world government. Divide the people and make them scared of one another so they all turn to government who will protect us by controlling us and everything about us. 
So a one world government can be manageable is what I think is happening. 

Australia, France, U.S., UK, India, Canada, and more, all these governments seem to be passing the same exact laws right after the terrorists attacks while the public is still fearful, confused and not looking. 
And the people are just eating it up. My newsfeed has been chock full of shitposts from my Conservative friends. There is one image in particular that is making the rounds, that reads like a CNN headline and says, in bright-red block letters, "JUSTIN TRUDEAU - PUT SECURITY FIRST". 

Do you know how many Canadians have died from Islamic terrorist attacks? Two, ever, in two separate attacks. (Mind you, I am using the word "terrorist" *extremely* liberally, as they were recently-converted, single individuals with only one casualty in each case.) I think we're doing pretty good. No need to condemn innocent refugees to death and remove all semblance of privacy from our lives. 
Hey, but here in the UK, our anti-terrorism laws are really handy for curbing peaceful democratic protesters. . . 

And, let's be honest, that's what the laws were originally intended for. Terrorism is just a handy excuse. Many people in government are fucking *delighted* about the recent attacks. 
&gt;Officials are wasting no time in attempting to exploit the tragedy in Paris to pass invasive anti-privacy laws and acquire extraordinary new powers

...because of course they fucking are. Does this shit ever end?
So has everybody forgotten the TPP yet?

every time one of these attacks happens and the powers that be start calling for more invasion into peoples privacy and personal lives, my little conspiracy nut starts screaming "false flag" in my ears. 
Hmm, seen this somewhere. After 9/11, patriot act. I guess government like to mimic each other.
Terrorists are always going to find a way around any anti-privacy laws or anti-encryption laws.  Those laws only hurt innocent citizens by violating their Constitutional rights.  More importantly, mass surveillance allows intelligence agencies to amass massive databases of blackmail material on everyone, including elected officials.  This is a threat to democracy.
*The Shock Doctrine* by Naomi Klein is worth picking up for anyone interested in situations like this. 
What's the point of adding more surveillance powers when the authorities ignore the warnings they receive from existing systems?
[deleted]
Learn from America's reaction to 9/11. Don't give in to shock and fear like we did. Don't give up the things that make France France.
"Those who would give up essential Liberty, to purchase a little temporary Safety, deserve neither Liberty nor Safety." - Ben Franklin
2001 - "We must invade Iraq"

2015 - "We must invade the Internet"


As Rahm Emanuel said, "never let a good crisis go to waste." 
Welcome to the U.S., Europe.
Couple this with the apparent revelation that [Turkey warned France twice](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2015/11/turkey-france-paris-attacker-151116162755424.html) about the attackers, and it's not that hard to fall into conspiracy theory land about governments allowing these attacks to happen so as to push their agendas.
Gotta make sure only the good guys have encryption. 

The good guys... You know... Like politicians and the governm....

WAIT A SECOND
I will break every new anti-encryption law our government passes out of spite and out of duty to liberty.
Never let a crisis go to waste...
The today show earlier today was running a story about how free messaging services are horrible because they can't be spyed on by governments.  It's sick these people call themselves journalist.
The 9/11 effect.  Say goodbye to your rights, in the name of security.
Dear France. NSA and FBI have caught few, if any, real terrorists with all of their extra snooping laws.  Don't fall for this. 
Some guy on NPR today literally said he'd prefer if France was a police state.
To be honest, this is always the scariest part of these terrorist attacks. It's happened every time there's been a major one, and it's never a good thing.
I'll just say what I said in another thread on this subject:  
They need to drop the encryption issue. Even if encryption were outlawed or even worse, backdoored, do they really honestly believe that will matter? Criminals aren't going to use mainstream encryption just like Hitler didn't buy a US device to encrypt their messages during WWII. I hope people begin to realize this because encryption is never going away.
It's like that movie...um...what's it called???  Spectre. 
Same debate, just replacing words like "guns" with words like "privacy."
Surprised they waited this long.
[deleted]
"Those who would give up essential Liberty, to purchase a little temporary Safety, deserve neither Liberty nor Safety."

--Franklin?
The old "weapons of mass destruction" ploy.  Works like a charm.
"The Shock Doctrine" [Naomi Klein]
they hate our freedoms, so .gov will do everything to remove our freedoms to keep us safe.

I'm still concerned about the "found" Syrian passport. Which now may, or may not, have been fake. 

Also-how did the police stage 150 raids overnight, without notice? I can't even plan 150 birthday parties in 24 hours, much less 150 police raids. How did they assemble a thousand SWAT officers to deploy to 150 locations, while still battling unknown aggressors in downtown Paris? I don't doubt that they are fast and capable-but that is superhuman.

its almost like they knew it was going to happen. 

it's like 9/11-nobody important got killed. No politicians, no elite, wealthy connected individuals-just a bunch of office workers, janitors and fire men. Quite odd attendance for a tower that usually was full of elites and politicos. France, too. 120 people gunned down, and nobody anyone has ever heard of was in there? Only the President, who escaped unharmed, and launched a war, within hours, based on a passport allegedly found on the ground outside of a flaming building which said "Syria" on it-so they invade Syria...their old imperial territory. Reminds me of the US identifying the 9/11 hijackers within hours, based on a paper passport, found on the ground, that fell out of a pocket of a man who was piloting a jetliner that crashed into a skyscraper which collapsed into a flaming inferno. How fortunate that his paper passport survived, unharmed and legible.  

Pretty improbable. Not impossible, i suppose. But there are much easier, yet politically undesirable, explanations. And hell, why not? The US invaded Iraq and destroyed the Middle East, killed hundreds of thousands of people, based on what is now known to have been a government conspiracy by the Bush White House. And what happened as a result? Fucking nothing. The UN is too busy handling its own corruption cases (haven't seen that on news eh? Billions in fraud, former UN head arrested, etc, etc) to give a shit.

Nothing at all negative happened to the  US for its invasion. As for the corporations that control the US? They got fucking. Rich. New oil, new arms, new weapons, a security contractor staff that is larger than most armies. 

War is good for business and the elites, France wanted its old stomping grounds back (Syria), and even if Islamic State denied they were behind this, no one would believe them anyway. 

This will work out very well for everyone involved, except the people that got killed.

And on that-no survivors? Nobody from inside the theater to talk to? How the fuck? 100% kill rate? That's incredibly good for a handful of former fast food workers with a grudge against the west, yeah?
Something about sacrificing liberty for security and ending up losing both
Oh look, another reason to take what few rights and freedoms we have remaining. It all feels so familiar.
Place your bets! What will be the French (entire Eurozone perhaps?) version of Department of Homeland Security be called?
Is there anyone in this thread that has been targeted by any government for surveillance and this has had some detrimental effect on their life? Anybody know anyone this has happened to?
Politicians and the ignorant will NEVER stop capitalizing on tragedies. 9/11 was only beginning. 

We perpetuated Daesh, then they attack.
We use these attacks to remove our freedoms, in the name of safety.
The attacks continue, because our style of governing does.

When does it end? What does the end look like? Orson Wells 1984? Fallout 4?

I hate all of this. It makes me crippling sad.
[deleted]
The Shock Doctrine
Oh, so they're passing LE LIBERTÉ ACT.
Shock doctrine
This is eerily similar to the whole fiasco of DHS and the Patriot Act after 9/11
Oh wow, who didn't see *that* coming. I mean this is so completely unexpected I just would never have thought that the **GOVERNMENT** of all entities would try to exploit a shooting/bombing?! Just wow, what a shocker!
CNN was all over how the attackers phones were encrypted and the dangers of encryption. Who owns CNN? 
&gt; In the process, they are making incredibly dishonest arguments &amp; are receiving virtually no pushback from the media."

Why would they receive pushback from what is essentially themselves?
Dear Governments,

I really want to stop people with bad intentions and prevent them from hurting innocent people and I don't want to see my family or neighbors hurt. But you are making it really hard to stand together when you keep lying and misleading in ways that cause doubt about everything you say.
xoxo
C&amp;O
The lifestyle of the common citizen is being changed for the worse as a direct cause of terrorist actions. This is *exactly* what whoever planned these attacks wanted. This is literally how the terrorists win. 
Sometimes, I wonder if the whole middle-east violence thing is almost made up - or at least purposefully stoked by the governments of the world for exactly this kind of thing, and the huge money made off of it.
When I heard Obama's speech yesterday about unifying the flow of information across nations I couldn't help but think this was C's goal in the las James Bond movie. 
thank God no one has figured out how to silence the Guardian, one of the last remaining respectable sources of news and reason!
I am just *shocked!*
Hey Frogs, you saw what those assholes pushed through over in the good ol' U-S-of-A! 

JUST SAY NO! You really want to show them you're "not afraid?" Keep your freedom, and your rights! 
Sounds a lot like the gun control movement. A lot of parallels here. How much do we as a country have to give up so some person can say we're now more "safe" or "secure "? Personally I'd rather have freedom than the illusion of safety or security.
&gt;...they are making incredibly dishonest arguments &amp; are receiving virtually no pushback from the media.

In other news, water is still wet and fire is still hot. 
I saw on the young turks that the ring leader(complete with picture+details) was actually in *AN ISIS MAGAZINE* where he mentioned he was planning something. 

GTFO looking at my dick pics and do some sensible intelligence. 
This morning people on MSNBC were talking about getting rid of encryption and how companies are not cooperating with the government in handing over data or stopping encryption.
i figured in times of emergencies most governments go balls out violating whatever digital rights laws they want in order to get a threat under control. Am I the only one?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OSCiMbMVDLI
The Shock Doctrine in full force.
The media and government have always worked together. Its not really news. 
That's how Cuomo got the NY Safe Act passed after Sandy Hook! There's nothing like a good tragedy to support a massive power grab.
Look upon these tragedies with a very critical eye now. The cause and effect just may be premeditated. 
Fucking great...
My mother told me one of her teachers wrote on the blackboard "TOTALITARIANISM" and said that it was coming in the future.

While people may argue that these measures may not, in and of themselves, be the creation of a police-state, they are setting up the architecture of a police-state.  Like when you play chess and get all your pieces in place right before you actually pounce.  So I'll get on my knees and pray, we don't get fooled again.
If you're gonna torture people, put people in secret prisons, and spend billions of dollars on a massive global electronic spying network that is immune from public scrutiny - there had better be *zero* terrorism.  Don't come back asking for more until all terrorism, past present and future, is eliminated.
I'd love to organise a day/weekend/week/month where everyone is encouraged to go "anonymous" online. Get everyone to use tor or other VPN services for the day and stay away from the likes of facebook and twitter.


I'm from the UK and have been fearing this bill, now I'm just accepting it's going to happen
This sounds like how the Empire got started. 
This kind of shit just needs to end, we can't make every opportunity the catalyst for great and invasive change! Interesting how the new James Bond film has exactly this in it, it's very timely!
I just watched an interview on CNN with a former director of the CIA talking about how all this encryption is causing terror attacks. Yes, because all this privacy is what's causing attacks. The media is complicit in this push for more surveillance by inviting these guys on their shows. It's truly disturbing and disgusting.
Never waste a good crisis
Yesterday a CNN anchor said, "you can't be safe and be free." 

EDIT: [This fucking guy.](http://www.cnn.com/profiles/chris-cuomo-profile)
*spoiler*

Isn't this the script of Spectre?
Exploiting tragedy to pass anti-privacy laws = bad
Exploiting tragedy to pass anti-gun laws = good

Got it.
This should be a surprise to NOBODY. 
Exactly what I've been saying since 9/11, what's the best way to destroy net neutrality, free-speech and encryption ? Have your people beg for it.
This attack is like the new 9/11.
Patriot Act Part 2.
I feel like the damage from the over reaching surveillance practices in america have been immaterial to a point that I just don't care, and that the war on terror by FAR in every way shape and form outstripped it in terms of negative consequences.
that's why you should always join the revolution before the revolution joins you.  privacy is the way of the future, no matter how much violent, bloody "transparency" we have to filter through to get there.  
edit: that's not to say the government and military never require unquestioned authority during emergencies, which this was.  but in that case what qualifies as an emergency and its duration need to be carefully defined, not unilaterally bulldozed without any real rule of civility.  
&gt;Absent any actual information or evidence so far about intelligence failures leading up to the deplorable terrorist attack in Paris, pundits spent the weekend speculating that Edward Snowden and surveillance reform were to blame for the fact that the attack went undetected. Then on Monday, in an epic episode of blame shifting, the CIA director, John Brennan, reportedly said privacy advocates have undermined the ability of spies to monitor terrorists. He explained:

&gt;Because of a number of unauthorized disclosures and a lot of hand-wringing over the government’s role in the effort to try to uncover these terrorists, there have been some policy and legal and other actions that are taken that make our ability collectively, internationally to find these terrorists much more challenging”, adding that there is a “misrepresentation of what the intelligence security services are doing”.

Well, yeah, limiting their ability to spy on people is naturally going to lead to less intel gathered. The means are irrelevant. The director was being blunt and honest. Basically, "Now that we can't do as much illegal stuff, our capabilities have been limited."
There's nothing to even really argue here, that's just logic. Doesn't matter how right or wrong it is.
&gt;“misrepresentation of what the intelligence security services are doing”.

Oh absolutely. For example, by calling them "intelligence services", instead of "licensed crime syndicates." Fuck those people. They have proven time and again that they will spy on innocent citizens, spy on allies, do industrial espionage, kidnap, torture, murder, overthrow democratically elected governments of other countries,...

Exploiting this tragedy for their own benefit is, in the greater context, the least of their sins.
&gt;We have no idea if these particular terrorists responsible for the barbaric and abhorrent acts that occurred in Paris last week used encryption to communicate – the only evidence is a couple of vague anonymous quotes from unnamed “officials”. But given that now billions of people are using encryption in the modern world – whether it’s iPhones, Facebook’s WhatsApp or a host of open-source tools – it’s no surprise that along with countless law-abiding citizens, bad people are using it too. (Just as murderers in the US also drive cars available to everyone for getaways and white-collar criminals use lawfully purchased paper shredders to further their crimes.) 
  
Haha
sweet 9/11 all over again! There's a *bush*-cheney in every country. lol
Hell, they're even saying terrorists are meeting and planning in PS4 games.  
America abolished the habeus corpus and also allowed for indefinite military imprisonment without being charged or seeing an attorney.  The swat teams can storm into your house without warrents (boston bombing, now paris).  

its nuts everywhere
I'd rather see officials do something about Qatar and its role in all this. It's not a secret that a major part of Daesh's funds come from wealthy individuals in Doha. Personally, I wouldn't be surprised if the Qatari government is involved as well, although this has yet to be proven. 
I found it interesting that Scotland is getting loads of international kudos for accepting refugees just now. On Radio 4 on Thursday, they had an article about how after a summer of being open with refugees, Germany is now a bit 'well now that the vogue has passed, what are we going to do with all of these people'. I bet they're glad they ran that show/article before the weekend or it'd be lying on the cutting room floor, I suspect. 

Just interesting, is all. 
Exactly same thing as what happened after 9/11.  It is much easier to put these extreme security measures in in a knee jerk reaction, than it is to try and get rid of them later.
I said the same thing. They are looking for a way to bypass VPN's and tunneling. They want it all and it's getting out of hand.
Written like that you almost get the impression that the terrorist attacks were planned by several governments wanting to pass all encompassing anti privacy laws. 

No one would ever do that....
It's almost as if this whole thing was benefitting certain government agencies... 
It makes me wonder if America wasn't behind the terrorist attacks to get these new laws passed. 

Sad, that's how much I trust America now days.

Remember, the NSA guys were fine lying to congress over and over and with breaking the constitution. Killing 100 people, I doubt they would lose sleep over it.
As soon as the media stops being corrupt and starts getting their facts from reliable sources, expect all this stuff to get passed.
When you plan the initial event, you have more time to plan the exploitation of the event. 
Yes, even though the growing threat of extremists continue to grow around the globe by exploiting information technology, the government is using this as an excuse.  

Do you people even hear yourselves? You are not that important, the government doesn't give a fuck about your emails from amazon or your chat with your BFF about your favorite food.  
So how does it feel, to be in the nsa, reading these comments? What do you personally think? Does your leash holders feed you well? I suppose so. By all means, don't bite the hand that *feeds you*
The speed they have moved to implement Orwellian laws makes the whole thing smell like a rat. Bet they knew, European governments knew those attacks were coming and let it happen to drum up public support for signing our rights away.
The media is complicit in this.
Even worse, Victoria "Fuck the EU" Nuland, was speaking today at the Berlin Security Conference, somehow promoting the TTIP within the same paragraph as mourning for the dead. r/rage
The people should be demanding gun rights.
Has no one fucking seen V for Vendetta or Enemy of the State? 
I've started using Linux and heavily monitoring my net traffic. I find my bits bounce around weird places with certain keywords and the more heavily encrypted my service is the more readily I find anomalous data. 

I'm convinced the more encrypted you intend to be, the more fingers point at you for data collection. 

My suggestion would be the public muddles data en masse by spamming keywords endlessly, maybe even macro-style. Either way, I can pretty much guarantee you that everytime you type a laundry list of words that your correspondence is being archived - idgaf what any "authority" says on the matter.
When they don't pass privacy laws = "THE GOVERNMENT PLANNED THIS THEY DONT EVEN CARE ABOUT OUR SURVIVAL"

When they do = This thread.

The internet is a wonderful place
Ok, an honest question. We see who benefits from the attacks. The authorities. Why is it considered crazy to even suggest they might be the ones who organized it? Do we trust our governments so much that we actually believe they would never murder their citizens for political benefits? Really?      
NB: I'm not saying they did it, I have no evidence. But why doesn't the media and the public opinion consider the authorities a suspect, and a false flag attack an option?
The only people who think that US government and Western media aren't the same entity are

1) children

2) adults who can't be bothered to use their brains

3) 90% of the commenters on r/worldnews
They are the media, why would they contradict themselves?
Dick Cheney would be so proud!
Called it. 
Why not just use the title from the opinion piece? 
That's funny. I swear that's the exact plot of a movie I just saw in theaters a couple days ago...
"You never want a serious crisis to go to waste." - Rahm Emanuel​
It would be gay if the media pushed back, though
Someone who I can't think the name of, once has said "never let a tragedy go to waste"
whenever I see posts like this I auto upvote. I'LL DIE FOR FREEDOM 
Nothing we haven't seen before in the US:

&gt;&gt;    Initially, the amendment was planned for next year, but the European Commission over the weekend analyzing the possible reactions to the Paris bombings recognized the need to accelerate the project.

&gt;It seems likely that the EU will use the Paris murders as an excuse to bring forward a long-planned ban on semi-automatic rifles. There has been no suggestion from politicians or news media that the murderers used legally acquired firearms.

Source:  https://ukshootingnews.wordpress.com/2015/11/17/the-eu-will-publish-a-total-semi-auto-rifle-ban-proposal-tomorrow/
[Never let a good crisis go to waste](http://i1.wp.com/www.lrionline.com/wp-content/uploads/Churchill.jpg)
In the words of our old friend George W "fool me once, shame on you, feel me twice.... Can't get fooled again"
If Bush reads this, he will point and go, "I used this tactic before it was cool!"
This shit happened in Canada not too long ago.
Sounds like Nazi Germany
all of this has happened before and will happen again...
freedom of speech is what the terrorists want to take away

fight it.
The head of Norwegian intelligence (PST) actually said that giving up our privacy for security is not an option, and that terrorist attacks is the price we pay for such a free society.
Nobody could have predicted this...

"You never let a serious crisis go to waste. And what I mean by that it's an opportunity to do things you think you could not do before." - Rahm Emanuel, Former Chief of Staff of the White House under Obama and Senior Adviser to Clinton


Blocking refugees, infringing on personal privacy - it gave governments a pretty potent excuse.
I worried this would happen.
Wasn't it the guardian that was caught having people's email addresses? Or am I thinking of a different English newspaper
media? you mean paid news reporting folks ?
Reading the idiotic comments on my local newspapers website about the governor allowing refugees, I'm pretty sure that roar idiots but into this very argument
These people have the laws written and ready to go for years before the fact. They just wait for the next national tragedy to push them. You can't tell me that the PATRIOT act was written in a few weeks.
Part of the plan!!!!!!
Death to Isis, blow up the middle east so we can turn it into a life size version of middle earth!
Never let a tragedy go to waste.
"Never let a good crisis go to waste."  *-Sally McKenzie, my 8th grade crush*
Thought from the media? Nono - big media is here to sell big explosions and bizarre sex triangles.
Easy there, folks, please remember: Any pushback you may have about government overreach at this time means that *you're* politicizing a tragedy. And you don't want to do that.
What is the actual end game for this spying stuff?
Surprise surprise, all they need to say is "To protect to populace from terrorists" and the mass public buys all their shit. Ironically enough, the mass spying in France did shit all to stop the attacks.
Palpatine!!!
Like the previous laws were effective. 
This reminds me of the plot of the most recent James Bond film...
So, after the terrorists see these bills, what's stopping them from planning everything by paper? Its not like these guys are rushing to "do as much terrorism everywhere as possible." Are we going to turn into a real 1984 world because we can't keep people safe enough?
"Officials"
Just wait till you start talking about invading Iraq over it.
the government is evil.
What I have never understood is the motivation as to why. What do these politicians think? "This is good for my country"?
FUCKING CUNTS!
You let Refugees in, I guarantee you american people will end up dying. 
these moves are driven by both greed (many connected people get rich with these programs) and myopic stupidity. the surveillance state approach won't do the job most of the time anyway. what works? profiling, plain and simple; profile the hell out of the suspect population and you will root out the bad guys quite effectively, and for a lot less money. 
This event in Paris is furthering so many agendas. Encryption is a culprit even though we don't know how they communicated. They could easily have planned this out while whispering quietly to each other - we just don't yet know. Refugees are blamed despite confirmation that this was a home-grown attack and all the perpetrators were European nationals. And free nations' civil liberties are systematically eroded when there is no proof that doing so will help. Please stop making it worse by having all these useless knee-jerk reactions. 
those Europeenes always copying America 
This is the way government has always worked. Problem-&gt;Reaction-&gt;Solution.
And now you know why we fucking *defend our right to own guns.*

There's only so much you can do to a population when you know they'll fight back, causing massive causalities to your police force. When you take that away? There's nothing left to stop them.


As if they weren't already ease dropping and were not successful. 
Dammit France don't do this.
&gt;... intelligence agencies with almost unlimited budgets, extraordinary powers and virtual immunity that are also responsible for policies that often only ~~exasperate~~ **exacerbate** the terrorism problem rather than mitigate it.

**FTFY**, #trevortimm
*cough 9/11
Also no pushback from Reddit, considering the refugee hate around here.
/r/conspiracy isn't so bad anymore with the "told ya so".
Anyone else just watch spectre? Passing draconian surveillance laws all the while a huge conspiracy is controlling all the attacks.
In actual practice, this isn't the big horror story it seems to be. In the US, government intelligence agencies are already overwhelmed with the amount of data being mined.  It's paralysis by over analysis. 
Sounds a lot like the plot of Spectre 
Welcome, you are officially a westernized country. Have some deep fried empathy.
Why would they receive push back from the media? Since when is public opinion actually the media being shown?
All while increasing immigration.
The smart terrorists use their own encryption.  
The smartest terrorists send their messages in open text but use "oblique" wording.   They know that the NSA puts senders/recipients of uncrackable messages on "the list." 
Sounds familiar...
Sounds like Animal Farm..
It's almost as if a government could allow certain bad things to happen like a Lusitania to be sunk or Pearl Harbor to be bombed or some faulty security systems on any random 11th of September allowing certain things to happen that forward their agenda by rapidly swaying public opinion.... Weird huh? 
I thought that something like this would happen 
#RonPaul2012
This is the AUMF and The Patriot Act all over again. 
Hands up if you saw this coming...!!
I didnt read the article but in response to the headline of this post; perhaps if they had these anti-privacy laws they could have prevented this tragedy. Why is everyone so concerned about added security?
"It is insufficient to protect ourselves with laws, we need to do it with mathematics" -- Bruce Schneier
So here's my question.  

How do I explain this to my friends and family in a way that is actually meaningful?  How do I explain to them that encryption is extremely important to guarding their digital well-being?

It seems that it's one of those cases where people don't understand how the technology works so their immediate reaction is to either (a) run or (b) not give a shit.  When I try explaining things on a high-level, it seems like nobody understands how important it is.

As a programmer, I know exactly why it's so damn important. I just haven't been able to come up with a way that doesn't sound like, "Don't worry guys, slccsoccer28 is a programmer.  He takes these things a bit out of context".
To aid national security all the web's PHP developers are now encouraged to roll their own crypto after a laid back afternoon of reading about German naval codes on Wikipedia.
You can bet that the end game is weak (totally breakable) encryption for the public and secure encryption for the government.     
Basically we are looking at NSA approved encryption just like our luggage has to use TSA approved locks. 
Encryption is free speech... I can choose to express and store my data any way I wish. Try to illegalize it and I'll just adopt free open source solutions and dedicate time to stealing information. 
So, should we just start removing the locks on our front doors, too?
I would rather live with the one-in-a-million threat of being killed by a terrorist, than deal with the extremely likely threat my government is accessing and abusing information.  

EDIT: DAMMIT WILL YOU GUYS STOP REVEALING MY PORN FOLDER LOCATIONS?!? I've had to change it about four times now. 
Honestly, in this day and age, I would rather go with an unlocked door than with insecure data.

Social security number, credit and debit card numbers, telephone numbers, emails, bank statements and information, home and work address, birth certificate, passport photos, medical records, online search history, online accounts (facebook, etc), passwords, pictures and videos, the list goes on. And let's just hope you don't work in a field that uses sensitive date, because that won't be secure either.
Backdoors will render secure channels useless, information will be out in the open even more than is already the case** when criminals get to understand them and grey-ish hackers reveal them.

Backdoors will have to be put in by _someone_ right? Say goodbye to open-source encryption because those backdoors have to be kept secret. Proprietary encryption will solve that, but it'll increase the cost of every product that uses it.

^** ^Wifi ^and ^bluetooth ^are ^horribly ^insecure, ^the ^only ^reason ^it's ^reasonably ^safe ^is ^because ^there ^is ^no ^reason ^to ^directly ^target ^_you_... ^right?!
Are people retarded these days?

You can't just "give up encryption".

You cannot just magically ban mathematical expressions and prime numbers.

I can write a brand new algorithm tomorrow in whatever programming language I like, that will encrypt my messages. It's utterly baffling to think they'd even consider this, it's just not possible to prevent any level of encryption really.

&gt;There’s no technical merit to any part of this argument. There’s only woeful or willful ignorance.

Author summing it up nicely. Baffling to believe this is an issue.

The scariest thing is Hillary saying "Both sides have valid points". I mean christ if you can't call the ball on this are you even capable of making any decision on your own.
All we really need (in America, anyway) is a religious organization in which encryption is considered holy and anointed by God.  You wouldn't dare encroach my religious liberties, would you?
&gt; As we’ve seen with Paris, plaintext communications on public communication networks were not detected by authorities, and there’s absolutely no reason to think that allowing these authorities unfettered access to all encrypted communications throughout the world would lead to a different outcome. Precisely the opposite: It would put the whole world in jeopardy.

Best quote
I'm a really hardcore conservative Republican and yes, this anti-encryption rhetoric, some of which is coming from my own party, is stupid beyond all reason, completely divorced from reality and has got to stop.
Also stop the [anti-bitcoin](https://np.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/3t60z8/isis_bitcoin_wallet_with_3_millions_usd/cx3k9oq) propaganda, the link shows a brilliant debunking of the lie: "ISIS is using bitcoin".
With all this anti-encryption news and propaganda trying to make it illegal, how are companies (eg. pharma and software companies, etc.) going to protect their intellectual property?
there is only one argument needed: Encryption protects your credit card number online. No encryption means no more amazon.com or anything else. E-commerce grinds to a halt, people are inconvenienced and corporations lose billions of dollars. 
▐c▄├╠╘ùt▬◄ß╦╖Σ'╝,ç≡┼┌Håùf▲n♪▒░½/╓äÖ↨"$╡=▓☺╞┤_±ö}
 
No one but me (I hope) will ever know what this says. This ability must continue to exist. There must remain such a thing as a message intended only for the receiver.
I swear, we are surrounded by functional illiterates.

Criminals have used toilets for decades to get rid of evidence thereby making it very hard for police and prosecutors. 


Should we eliminate them too?
I say we cut the nonsense and remove envelopes from the US Mail.
Reddit confuses me, a 4 hour old thread with 8 comments has 800 upvotes? I know not everyone comments, but that's such a strange ratio.
Its kinda fun to think about because all they're doing is extending the maxim that knowledge is power that the internet heralded. The more the average population is disadvantaged by such ideas of weakening encryption the more empowered those knowledgeable about computer science and netsec become. Systems that are weakly encrypted and have back doors open themselves up to new attack vectors that are undetectable and whose knowledge could well be stored on weaker systems.    
Its really quite puzzling why governments that pride themselves on majority democratic mandates want to create a future where an individual by themselves could gain access to such power but I guess they haven't really thought it all through yet.  

I just imagine a future where everyone's right to work or receive welfare all hinges upon an electronic system, all homes are automated, the police blithely follow their computer screen to arrest and investigate and we open ourselves all up to blackmail due to our browsing history being stored.   
Now here sits a mighty puppeteer in some completely arbitrary geographical location giggling to themselves at how they can make us all dance to their tune as they edit these systems at their whim.  

I like comp sci and netsec so I'm totally fine with this future dystopia but why are all the people that aren't into comp sci and netsec blundering towards it? Beats me.
&gt;As an IT veteran, this attack on encryption is utterly baffling, unless it is purely for political purposes. There’s no technical merit to any part of this argument. There’s only woeful or willful ignorance. The best way to fight that is with facts. It’s a battle that by all reason shouldn’t have to be fought, but it’s a battle we must win.

Perhaps list some of the facts then so people can go out and win these arguments armed with knowledge? Or could he just not be bothered to write anything of value, just his long winded opinion?
I honestly think most of this is policy makers and the public not understanding technology.  No one in their right mind would suggest that the government should have skeleton key to open every physical lock in a country, but that's exactly what they're proposing.  

I also think most people think "only terrorists use encryption!  I have nothing to hide!"  Except every purchase made on the Internet involves the use of encrypted protocols.  

"Never attribute to malice that which can be explained by stupidity"
- some guy
Explaining encryption to a laymen is easy. I always do it like this:


Encryption is basically a mathematical formula that is applied to a value to obscure it. That mathematical formula is reversed and applied to the new value to derive the original value. 


Not exactly how it works but good enough for a laymens understanding. I go on to explain:


Just like you can't ban multiplication, you can't ban encryption. The world already knows how to use it.
But by all means continue to use an OS that's backdoored up the ass
I work for a network/security company (CloudFlare) we joked in our public policy chat that we should rename "Encryption" to "Freedom Protection" so that politicians can't come out against Freedom Protection without sounding bad.
VERY well written piece.
It's like they don't realize that encryption is necessary for banking, online shopping, personal email access, for private businesses to protect their IP, for healthcare organizations to protect patient's personal information, for the government to keep its own secrets, and for almost literally everything that is critically important that we use computers for in the modern age. Hell, people were using primitive encryption on paper and radio to keep secrets during World War II...

This is the most obvious government power grab I've seen.
The NSA: You can't encrypt your files because you might be a terrorist and we wouldn't be able to track you.

Me: If you think I'm a terrorist, you can go fuck yourself, and if I actually was a terrorist who needed to cover his tracks, I sure as hell wouldn't be using anything connected to the internet to plan the next 9/11. I'd probably be communicating by satellite phone, carrier pigeon, and couriers with cyanide capsules in their teeth. Spying on all Americans and preventing them from securing their data wouldn't have stopped Bin Laden and it isn't going to stop ISIS.
1984 coming to you in 2016
Who the hell are these people that are afraid of encryption
Providing back doors on encrypted communications is like saying the government should have a key for every safe or house because WMDs or anything else the government wanted to know about could be inside. 

I honestly believe the public would freak out if every citizen was forced by the government to give a key to their house or safe and the govenment could look inside it at any time without their knowledge.
They are just setting us up to be exploited, it isn't the US government you should be worried about. It is other governments/individuals who know how to exploit the loop holes for financial gain. Just watch, all of their encryption circumvention will turn around and bite us all in the ass in the future.
Sure, eliminate end to end encryption and we'll see how long your money is safe after performing a few transactions at retail stores. 
If encryption becomes illegal then free encryption tools with float around and then the NSA/FBI/whatever other three letter agency will have less control than they do today. 
If we build backdoors in encryption, then we're open to being spied on by ISIS (hypothetically).
I'm not a legal expert here, but can't we just be like "Uhh, suck my balls, I'll encrypt whatever the hell I want to, however the hell I want to."?

Can't the big companies do that too? I really don't get it.
Every single person that is anti-encryption have as much IT knowledge as my dog.

Encryption is everywhere, and it better be or hackers will live in paradise.
I'm sure everyone knows the government has had back doors into most technology for decades. Starting with the phone companies for wire tapping, and more recently, Cisco and other networking hardware providers for similar dubious acts.

In the past, the government has just paid off companies to create backdoors for them, never involving the public. New companies, though, seem to be fighting back. It makes me just a little bit more optimistic about the future.

Since the government is having a tough time going the shady way, they go the new shadier way of "think of the children" and "we can't let the terrorists win". They are tugging at the heartstrings of easily swayed people to force these companies to release broken products. Hopefully more people will start realizing that the government it's going to do more long term damage if they destroy encryption than the terrorists could ever do.
I'll just keep using it thanks. There's no way anything serious will come of it. Not to mention about every single corporation relies on it for transmission security and all.

It just wont happen.
To respond to the last line of this article: They don't care about facts anymore. Why don't you get that? It's about total, complete control and surveillance. 
Are the chips in debit cards encrypted? I know in the US a lot of banks are switching to them. Weird this also happens within the same year we start making the switch to a stronger encrypted payment system. 
Attempts at stopping encryption make me laugh.

It reminds me of MPAA attempts.
Any such attempt will be short lived and only feed the "dark web".
Stop encryption is like the govt saying we're gonna read/listen to all your communications. You know who does that? Prison guards. And not even minimum security.

Also, govt is not going to be the only one listening, at least your ISP will too.
Time to take your enigma machines out from the basement
It's nice that we can all agree on this topic, but don't you think that our problems are worse? That we need to look at the missrepresentation and policies at a deeper level than to harp on a single issue? That we need to organise the normal people to have some counterweight to the influence of big capital, rather than just put out talking points hoping to convince individual voters?
The fact that the terrorists used un-encrypted communications and our governments still can't seem to catch the attacks kind of makes the encryption argument irrelevant, doesn't it? I think our governments are simply useless and definitely do not have our best interests in mind. I would not be at all surprised to find out the terrorists are being somehow funded by all the worlds governments so they have a reason to take away our liberties, like using encryption, having backdoors in our phones and email, etc... Seems stupid to want to think governments have hired the terrorists to do this but I can't help but think this after seeing their responses.
Well this will make next seasons Mr Robot interesting.
If encryption is outlawed, steganography will just become the norm. Or one can just claim one is sending junk noise. Who's to say it's an encrypted message? Concealing what you are saying, and concealing the fact that you are saying anything at all are not such different problems.

Such a ban would only hurt legitimate organizations who could no longer openly promise secure services.
Banning encryption is one of the most hilariously stupid and impossible things I've heard in awhile.
I'm really just hoping people are going to listen to computer scientists, engineers, and mathematicians who are all screaming at the top of their lungs at the fact that this is even being made an issue. Like, if people like Clinton and Cameron actually succeed in capitalizing on the general public's ignorance in order to enact sweeping government powers, it will be an unmitigated disaster for online commerce. Like, all hell will break lose. 
I heard someone say "saying you don't need encryption if you got nothing to hide is like saying you don't need locks on your door if you haven't made any enemies" 
TERRORISTS USE SEAT BELTS IN TRANSIT TO COMMIT TERRIFYING TERROR ACTS OR TERRORNESS!


HURRY AND MAKE SEAT BELTS ILLEGAL!!!!!!1!!11
My boss just got the cryptolocker virus and it encrypted all his files with a ransom note.  There is no way to decrypt the files unless you pay a ransom.

Needless to say he is extremely anti encryption.

Of course he "had no idea how this would have gotten on his computer". Weird, right, must be some form of wizardry.
/frown
Anybody that believes encryption is bad should surrender their bank accounts. They don't deserve money if they think the thing protecting their account is bad. They should starve on the streets for the rest of their life.
A local news station by me recently ran a report suggesting that terrorists are actively using video game consoles for data collection and message transferring. Logic: Video game consoles use encryption, the terrorists could have used encryption.
Can it realistically happen? 
so ... can I to write coded notes to myself with a pencil and papper because it's the same thing. 

We are going to have to ban decoder rings also.
They'll never get me.
I dunno, we should look at encryption as a regular tool in your daily lives--be it HTTPS, SSL, etc. If you use email, shop online, check your credit card statement out, etc there's encryption there.

Granted its not end to end encryption, but its encryption. You need encryption. We need to get beyond the term of encryption as being some evil term like big black guns, assault rifle, assault weapon, semi-automatic, etc.
Hear, hear! When you outlaw secrets, only outlaws will have secrets. If you don't outlaw secrets, outlaws still have secrets. How the fuck that make us safer?


How come ever government wants to know what I'm doing in every aspect of my life? 
Yep. Soon we'll have the right to privacy but no legal means of having any privacy. In a way, Orwell (rather, the orwellians) fooled us by focusing on the tendency to surveillance. Actually you should not have the right to prevent your neighbour from trying to get the information. But you should have the right to put curtains behind your windows.
The idea that people think this is even possible is absolutely preposterous.  This technology is already out in the wild, this cannot be undone.  Talk about closing the barn door after the horse is already out.
Remember, encryption is only as strong as the method used to create it.  If google CAN "decrypt" your phone or whatever it means that it was never secure to begin with.  Most of the "encryption" people use is not really secure.
ENCRYPTION IS THE KEY TO AN OPEN AND TRANSPARENT INTERNET
The retards in Paris weren't even using encrypted communication, they weren't even trying to hide what they were doing, but military intelligence still fucked up.

They have already taken enough of our privacy for no apparent security benefits but now they also want to take away basic net security? 

Fuck off.
To make mandatory backdoors is like asking for people to have mandatory cat doors in the front of their house. 
The government can have access to your house whenever they want, BUT so can malicious people!
What, there is a propaganda against anti-encryption?
What exactly is an IT veteran?
The security of any system is only as strong as the weakest link in the chain. You either have total security or you have none.
This week I decided to encrypt my android phone and now route all traffic be in on my desktop, work computer or cell phone through a VPN. If everyone did this it would limit the governments ability to run dragnet surveillance. 

Keep in mind, if the NSA really wanted to fuck you I guarantee they can break whatever you've got, but at least it stops easy dragnet style surveillance and they have to work for it. The American way. 
Alright, I guarantee you the government can't do shit to you unless they have a computer the size of a star system hidden somewhere. Here. I'll even tell everyone how. Alright guys, here's the strat. 

Choose a couple big prime numbers, not the same number. Name them p and q. Multiply them together. Call this n. 

Find a number that is coprime with (p-1) times (q-1). Call this e. Make sure that e is less than (p-1)(q-1)

Now, find a number that, when you multiply it by that e value you found earlier, is divisible by (p-1)(q-1). Call this d. (In math terms, calculate ed is congruent to 1(mod(p-1)(q-1)). Make sure that d is less than (p-1)(q-1) though!

Now keep this d secret. But tell all your friends e and n.

If they want to send you a message, they just have to convert it to ASCII. Then, calculate C such that n divides M^e - C. (M^e is congruent to C mod n). Now here's the kicker. No one can decrypt that except you. Why? You didn't tell them d! You kept it secret. Tell Hillary Clinton and David Cameron to fuck themselves.

You decrypt that message your friend sent you (call it R), calculate R is congruent to C^d (C being the value your friend just sent you that the government can't figure out the meaning of)

It's that easy. If the government thinks they can outsmart mathematicians, they got another thing coming.
In my opinion I think the public can backfire all this. Ask the government if they are going to use the encryption technology. And if so, why? What are you hiding what the public may not see. Just my 2 dumb cents
Where are you, /u/A858DE45F56D9BC9 ?
https://imgur.com/Tno2vYI
If you are against proper encryption, then you are against e-commerce and banking. Ask people who back this if they would miss amazon, online banking, etc. 
When listening to the debate over the issue, replace the word "encryption" with the word "freedom". 
Hi, I'm John your local internet service provider rep.  Please give me your email address and password so I can encrypt your data and keep you safe 
&gt; Adding backdoors to new encryption methods would render them useless. 

We have to be a little bit careful in deploying this line of argument. There is a plausible counter argument, however false, that if Google or Apple retains a key to decrypt our messages upon request, it doesn't make the overall encryption "useless". If this is what we try to argue, it'll just get dismissed as the usual hippy internet crowd hyperventilating about internet freedom.

By far the stronger point is that encryption is not a product or even a technology that you can control. It's mathematics. You can't outlaw it any more than you can outlaw the law of gravity. If you outlaw mass market encryption, terrorists will take about 5 minutes to switch to custom encryption technology and then you'll have even less information. Because despite everything that is said, if law enforcement have a specific target in mind right now, they can get at that target if they use mass consumer software. They may have to hack their phone or computer, or strong arm a technology company into helping them hit that user, but they can do it. But if they truly go dark and start using independent end-to-end encryption over TOR and other networks, you will then truly have *nothing* to work with. This is the stronger argument for why weakening consumer encryption is counter productive.
If you outlaw encryption, only the outlaws will have encryption.
I always do it like this Encryption is basically a mathematical formula is reversed and applied to the extreme, it's really just doesn't ring home.
Not a chance.  Prediction: 5 years from now both encryption and 3D printers will be absolutely fucking illegal to use or possess without a federal license (which will both be way harder to get than one for automatic weapons).
It really does happen, and people really do avoid commenting in the country needed to have a registered government copy for them to go all in.
Until this post I didn't even know anti-encryption propaganda was a thing... nor would I even begin to fathom why it would be a thing.
It's not a criticism of the key upon request.
stopping it
Phoebe Heyerdahl: "Stopping!"
Encryption, saving reporters lives since the mid 90's
That seems to be shot.
If this attack had happened in America the talk would be subject to exploits at the OS &amp; Kernel level.
If encryption is bad because bad people use it for bad things then, based on the same logic,  shouldn't we ban paper money, too?  People do really bad things in exchange for paper money all the time.
Funny thing is I remember saying years ago that the US government will eventually make encryption illegal.  It seems like all this stuff against encryption is indeed a step in that direction. 
???   All I've seen on Reddit are pro-encryption posts, I've yet to see any highly upvoted post where someone wants less encryption and more backdoors.   What propaganda are we even stopping?
Thief, and proud of it, huh?
Erb-y y.nn m. ,day yr er
[sarcasm] We should be immigrants from using encryption /sarcasm
The silly season started early this cycle. The rhetoric on too many issues has gone from merely polemical to downright stupid. And the sad fact is that people are buying the stupidity. Will cooler heads prevail? Will reason triumph over demagoguery? I sure hope so, because the stupidity that's on display now holds the seeds of some very bad times ahead if it's not replaced with logic and reasoned decision-making.
What if, and bear with me here, websites do not provide encryption keys, but instead users provide them to the website? It's like a reverse cryptographic key exchange, and the government would have to go after the people instead of the companies.
I use my phone and computer with special needs clients all the time and without encryption, the client's privacy is compromised.  Are we going to deny clients receiving mental health services their right to privacy now? Enough is enough.  
Fine, let's play that game. If they want a backdoor on encrypted communications then lets make no exemptions (i.e. including all government and military communications). It's only fair.
What is Bernie Sanders stance on encryption?
Because it got buried and I wanna share.

https://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/3tykgs/stop_the_antiencryption_propaganda_now/cxb2t42
So they ban encryption, hundreds of thousands of 'perps' are found guilty; so where do they put us all? Do we have that many prisons?
Doing away with encryption is giving the criminals free access to all electronic traffic between you and your bank. Nice.
The strange thing is that I actually don't give a shit if the government sees what I do, I only give a shit about people who will harm me by knowing what I do. If the government knows I'm into buttplugs who gives a shit, but its not something I want to share during thanksgiving dinner.
But if we make it illegal, clearly these people out to kill will stop using it.  Criminals don't want to break the law do they?  /s
Yep... I thought the same thing when I read that I use an "Isis-backed phone app" ¬¬

http://www.thelocal.ch/20151119/makers-of-swiss-app-touted-by-isis-defend-technology

&gt; The Swiss makers of an application recommended by the Islamic State (Isis) group as providing a safe way to communicate defended the technology on Thursday, saying that "total surveillance" was not the solution to stopping extremist violence.
For Christmas this year I think I'll hand out some one-time pads.  Makes great stocking stuffers!
In Spain government encourages and help business and citizens to have a strong encryption key and certificates
There is nothing as dangerous as half truths about a subject thrown to a population that is largely ignorant about it. They can be twisted to suit partisan interests. That is what is happening to encryption right now.
Security is our most basic right. I vote for encryption.
For some reason I read this title as anti-erection propaganda...
Following the Paris Attacks, the Today Show ran a [piece by Rick Rossen](http://www.today.com/video/how-isis-may-be-using-phone-apps-and-video-games-to-plot-terror-567520835956) (an insufferable TV news scaremongering asshat) breathlessly reporting that **The Evil Terrorists** are using encrypted communications online.

After the piece ran, the talking heads on the show all gasped in horror at the prospect of people communicating without monitoring by law enforcement.  I was raging at the TV.
Can they realistically outlaw encryption?
Shit like this just always makes new think of the first time I read the Cryptonomicron. Anyways, what the frock, anti-encryption is stupid. 
It's no different then any other stupid news headline. Without encryption you couldn't transfer money, pay and many more thing, so I don't think it's going anywhere. 
Who are you talking to? Reddit? We're pretty much pure pro encryption here....
Who exactly is anti-encryption on reddit? Anyone?
The govt. doesn't have the key to the front door of my house and I sure as fuck don't want them to have one to my software.
I don't know if many remember, but high-grade encryption used to be controlled like weapons.  Most people had to get by with 56-bit DES, which was absolute shit.  The anti-encryption crowd won't try to BAN encryption, they'll try to cripple it or circumvent it.
Go on. Tell Reddit to already do what they are doing! go on. Dont forget to massage the balls while circle jerking. No need to forget about manners when in a group. **edit : added the ball play part**
Am I seriously the only person who dose not give a fuck if the government reads through my messages?! like c'mon what are they going to find.... i have nothing to hide
I am against backdoors, but I find it funny that a pro-encryption propaganda piece uses "propaganda" as a way to dismiss the other side of the debate. 

EDIT: I love the downvotes if anyone criticizes a source that support an idea reddit loves. I am for strong encryption, as I noted. In any discussion, tossing terms like "propaganda" out there as if only one side uses propaganda is just an appeal to emotion. The article makes some good points, which I did not debate. 
Yes please stop! We dont want people finding out NSA with billion dollar budget can break crypto! We cant let 9-5 linux slaves earning 50k think they are more powerful then NSA with trillion dollar budgets up the ass!
A 20 second ad? At least make the ad interesting, it was just a banner. How terrible.
I wish every anti-gunner here would realize this is the same argument against banning guns. 
What anti-encryption propaganda? The only propaganda I've seen on this site is anti-anti-encryption.
TO be fair I have not seen any anti-enryption propganda.  All i see is reddit complaining about it...  But at the same time I do not get my news from the major cable news networks.  So I imagine that's why.  
Don't yell at me I'm not even doing that
It's simple to counter really.  Just ask weakened encryption supporters if they are ok with every government agency having a spare key to their houses and cars.
ELI5?
I see about a thousand times more anti-anti-encryption propaganda. 
man its crazy that i havent heard anything about anti encryption except on reddit
Why stop the propaganda?
Nothing anyone can do to get rid of it, if you want to use it.
Let them propogand allll day. Yes, the sheeps who buy ipads could end up with bad security and that will be the cross the sheeps will have to bear.

Or the bear the sheeps have to cross?

Propoganda = reasons against things reddit doesnt want to hear.
Can you guys get on board with stopping the anti-gun propaganda too?  Thanks.
I legitimately got scared for a second because I thought this was a link to infowars.
I still don't get why government seeing my data is a bad thing.  I'm so confused what I'm missing.  It sounds like paranoia is why people don't want it. 
There is anti-encryption propaganda?

Edit: instead of hive mind down voting why doest someone explain how their is? I havent heard a peep about this besides on Reddit. None. Literally none of my friends have as well.  Except on Reddit. 
Yeah how else will pedos and terrorists trade data, or will some loser who no one knows hide his banking information that he for some reason needs to have a copy of on his computer at all times!
Go back to the anti-muslim propaganda 
Yeah, this is the thing that worries me about the NSA. How can we be sure that they're really "shutting down" anything? They started up without the public knowing, so I don't really see why they wouldn't continue to run without the public knowing.
Whether or not you're surprised, you *should* be angry.
Perfect timing to drop this nugget: Just before Thanksgiving when people are geared toward taking a long week away from giving a shit about the world.
What?! The NSA lied about what they do?! Noooo. You shut your mouth. 
Well! I'm sure that those who broke those laws will be swiftly brought to justice. Our laws are not a joke, after all. No really: our justice system is *not* a fucking joke, not at all.

/s
Actual document [here](http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2015/11/19/us/20-foia-nsa.html). Cited paragraph (page 65):

&gt; **Other authorities can satisfy certain foreign intelligence requirements that the PR/TT program was designed to meet.** The Supplemental Procedures Governing Communications Metadata Analysis (SPCMA), which SID implemented widely in late 2010, allows NSA to call-chain from, to, or through U.S. person selectors in Signals Intelligence collection obtained under a number of authorities. In addition, notwithstanding restrictions stemming from the FISC's recent concerns regarding upstream collection, FAA §702 has emerged as another critical source for collection of Internet communications of foreign terrorists. Thus, SPCMA and FAA §702 assist in the identification of terrorists communicating with individuals within the United States, which addresses one of the original reasons for establishing the PR/TT program in 2004.

The headline in the [NYT article](http://www.nytimes.com/2015/11/20/us/politics/records-show-email-analysis-continued-after-nsa-program-ended.html?_r=0) that Ars Technica cites is accurate, "File Says N.S.A. Found Way to Replace Email Program". PR/TT was a domestic email metadata program that was ended in December 2011, and this paragraph says that other authorities, "Satisfy the requirements it was designed to meet." Ars Technica interprets, "Satisfying the requirements," as, "Effective continuing [the program]." The "It's Official" headline is clearly misleading, because the only thing that is official is their not-terribly-charitable interpretation.

First off, everyone should read the actual document. For an organization that has no oversight or compliance, it's over 120 pages of oversight, which details their audit and review of internal NSA controls that protect the data of US persons. They give specific numbers for how many references to US person were found as having been collected incidentally (not to us, it's redacted; to the oversight overlords). On the whole, it shows a lot of compliance for things like RAS, limits on chaining, and minimization of information regarding US persons.

Next, Section 702 is overseas collection of overseas data, targeted at foreign persons. It would be frankly shocking if NSA were not doing this. What Ars Technica is concerned about is that the incidental collection on US persons could be large (the conspiracy theory version is that they're intentionally targeting queries that will bring back large quantities of incidental collection). They provide no evidence that it *is* large, so again, their headline is pretty grossly misleading. All this is really saying is that 702 collection is still happening (it would be negligence if it wasn't), and that NSA seems to be satisfied that they're able to investigate foreigners (when they are overseas) in the course of their terrorism investigations.

EDIT: Obligatory holy shit I've never gotten gold before! Thanks stranger!
Of course it's still active. They're fucking criminals. 
democracy-in action!!

most transparent white house ever!
[Link to the original](http://www.nytimes.com/2015/11/20/us/politics/records-show-email-analysis-continued-after-nsa-program-ended.html?_r=0) article from NYT
The logic of "nothing to hide, nothing to fear" is completely useless as a defense when the government is already lying to us, they lied to even *establish* that power in the first place.

"The government isn't spying on all citizens - they told us they aren't."
"Well, it turns out they lied. It's been confirmed that they absolutely are.
"Oh. Well, they'll only use it for security, not abuse it for political purposes. They told us they wouldn't."

The fact that government officials flat out denied they were collecting data, only admitting it when forced to by a whistle blower, ***whom they gave treason status for informing american citizens what the government their taxes pay does without their knowledge***, should be a huge fucking red flag: our government is ALREADY corrupt and disloyal to it's citizens, the evidence is completely undeniable. Why in the fuck would you trust a confirmed corrupted government with what is possibly the most potentially oppressive power the world has ever seen - that of knowing EVERYONE'S whereabouts, communications, affiliations, etc. 

The willful ignorance of the sheep defending this nonesense is just infuriating.

I think that, as local and presidential politics go, economic equality is still the most "common ground" issue that can get others behind well-thinking canidates and policies, but really stuff like this, global warming, etc. will have HUGE world-changing consequences down the road. Just imagine some of the terrible regimes of the recent past, and imagine if they had the kind of power our government is currently building.
Well its kinda like how the drug k9  gets banned and then the drug companies just reformulate k9 and call it k10.


So they ended the program and changed the name and replaced a dot with a period

Oh and lied about everything. 



Whaaaattttt?  No way this is true.  Well I never
[The only presidential candidate that talks about this issue.](https://youtu.be/sK0LiGQL76Y)
It seems like they planned the perfect time to admit their wrongdoings: when the world is distracted by acts of terrorism and Black Friday deals.
Such bullshit.  We literally have no control over this.  
The NSA is not shutting down anything. Everytime they gain powers they will never, ever let go of them. That is the problem. If you want to remove those powers, you need to dismantle the NSA and rebuild it from the ground up, without the people currently there. They assume they 'earned' the right to do those things and since they had those privileges at some point they are obviously required to have them. For our security against terrorists and won't you think of the children.
Punish the people responsible with a just and firm punishment. 10 years in prison? 20? 30? Life?

Punish people who knowingly did wrong things but we're following orders. Fines and small amounts of jail time.

Set precedent that the next people who knowingly do wrong will face the same punishment.
[this is all I have to say about the NSA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S5ZSDCvUwN8)
No shit, really?
What are they storing emails for it they aren't actually going after scammers? 
NSA doesn't work within the law, and they never will. 
Does that mean they have Hilary's emails?
I am jacks complete lack of surprise. 
I wonder which data pushing grunt they will sacrifice for this shit.

*Oh that was Bill from accounting, he just forgot to turn off the servers after leaving one day*

*distant firing squad noises*
Obama &gt; nsa &gt; you. Get it? That's how the federal government thinks. 
And to think that this website is in love with Sanders who wants an even bigger government. 
But "Hope &amp; Change"
So I assume that now this has been uncovered that all the people involved will be fired and sentenced to prison for breaking the law just like any other American right lol.
It's pretty obvious what must be done. We have to **kill the NSA**. How about Congress too? Wipe the slate clean.
I think it's time we took actual measures to convict NSA leaders (and members of Congress who supported any unconstitutional activity) for treason. I think it's time that we hold leaders accountable for the actions of an organization/company, rather than allow them to use anyone below them as scapegoats.

If you have a high position in an organization/company, part of the reason you make more money than those below you, is because you have more responsibility for the actions of your rorganization/company, not less. And with more responsibility, that means more accountability. And yet here we are with the complete opposite somehow.

We need a paradigm shift on how we punish large organizations. Punish those in charge, even if it wasn't directly their fault. If they claim they had no idea "such and such illegal activity" was going on, then too bad, you are FULLY responsible for keeping tabs on your employees.
The phrase "It's official" really irks me, almost as much as "be like" or "bae".
So what do we do about it?
Another reason why the "The Power to Create Secrets"  (the secretive?) must be added to the classical three powers of the government, and be divided up and and have put strong checks and balances on it.
If you're the NSA, and you like your plan, you can keep your plan. Period.
Thanks Obama.
Of course it did, we have been spied upon our entire lives and we're the idiots who are paying for it.
"Coming soon at 6! Is your Coffee causing your cat to hate you? Also at 6 NSA tracking some stuff."
If the government can flat out lie about this, what else are they lying about? Is voting even legit or is it a ton of bs
Does anyone honestly think this was going to stop - ever regardless of the law?

And people still argue with me when I'm against any new program the government wants to do. Even then, I know with 100% certainty that even if they say they won't do something, or "congress" doesn't have the votes to make something law, that they won't do it regardless?

This government does what it wants, when it wants, however long it want, why it wants against whomever it wants regardless of the law.
I hate how often big surveillance stories go "out with the trash" on Friday nights. News readership drops a lot during the weekend, so it blunts the story's effect.
I'm shocked....SHOCKED.  
Well fucking DUH.

Who believed them? It's their job to lie to everyone but a select few members of government, and they've probably been solidly blackmailed for years.
Get your sledge hammers here.
Hard to believe. .... I'm startled!
What a surprise, says nobody.
Oh applesauce! We've been bamboozled again, guys!
The NSA should be smashed into a thousand pieces and scattered to the winds.
no shit sherlock
Well scissor me timbers. Hope those fuckers get coal for Christmas. 
How is this /r/technology?  
Of course they would. They just follow what the President tells them to do.

Edit: This is the truth. The NSA is an executive agency who is only beholden to the President of the United States. They would stop all this in an instant if Obama told them so. Notice there is no yells of concern from the White House.
Oh wow! This is such shocking news! I could have never guessed!
And the world yawns. 
Why wouldn't they? There is no accountability.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SjbPi00k_ME
What're they gonna do just close up shop at their billion dollar facility in our Utah? Hell naw! 
I wonder if it's possible to always tell the truth.
Honest question: Why are we surprised?
The article mentions the collection of iMessage data once it leaves US soil.. What good is it if it's end to end encrypted?
Surprise surprise
Great! Can we put someone in jail now?!
I'm curious.  Is anyone here actually 'surprised?'
Surprise surprise
Wow who would have ever guessed!
I give up, go ahead and take my data. People just don't care anymore. 
There's no hope in shutting this down when the NSA doesn't answer to its people let alone the law.
I'm a bit confused why anyone would think otherwise. 
wow ... no way.. go on...
Even if you get angry.. what realistically are you going to do about it?  Corporations own this gov and they don't care as long as the gov does what they want.  
I'm shocked. 
Of course they did. 
Just look at the data center they built here in Salt Lake City. They are not shutting anything down.
The NYT source article is clearer. The NSA is using legal loop holes to collect citizen metadata, and it isn't a secret. They are permitted by our courts and laws to collect citizen data outside the USA, and to collect data on non-citizens abroad that makes its easy to the USA. Not so much a conspiracy that an abuse of the law. 
Duh?
I like to eat apples and bananas
TT: "I'm shocked" /s

That's literally it.  Don't bother reading below this.
Oh, we forgot about that server..............farm............edit - cluster ........... data center ........ thingy ....... 
They're not going to stop. The best you can achieve is making sure the data stays a tool for intelligence services and not a tool for law enforcement against their own population (i.e. it damn well better not be admissible in court).

The primary job of intelligence services is to monitor communications. Expecting them to stop is like expecting the military to give up guns and bombs.

Oh, and I'm not angry. I knew this was going on well before Snowden leaked anything. I knew every telephone call I made and every un-encrypted bit of data I sent over the Internet was accessible to spies. Not just American, but likely Russian and Chinese as well. I'm frankly surprised that anyone is surprised. The most ridiculous "revelation" was the US bugging Merkel's phone. Of course they were. And German intelligence bugs the phones of anyone relevant to their national security. It's the job of German counterintelligence to secure their government's communications.

We live in a world where major powers have world-ending nuclear arsenals pointed at one another, and it's the height of naivete to think they're not going to use every bit of information-gathering technology at their disposal just because a vocal minority of privacy activists are crying foul.

At the end of the day, I don't think extralegal espionage will affect my life negatively. I reserve my anger towards corrupt legislation like SOPA/PIPA that most certainly will.
So, then what do we do about it? What can I as an individual do to affect any change for this?
no shit.  they just spent tons of money building a massive data center out in utah for it.  there's no way they'd cancel it, especially with all the climate change and economic and civil unrest coming in the future
Call me a tinfoil hat now normies! HAHAHAHAHAHAA 

*runs away *
wow! what a suprise! never thought NSA would do something like that
&gt;, allowed the NSA to collect all domestic e-mail metadata including to, from, date, and time.

Oh dear, I'm so unexpectedly embarrassed.
This really scares me. We are just a policy change away from them using that profile data against us in any way they see fit. They can then go back and reconstruct your entire lives and paint you in any light they see fit. You can not have a free and open society with things like this.
4 years?!?!
OMG!  I'm so shocked!

Just kidding.  hahah
Surveillance programs always continue beyond expiration. Sometimes dissolved, sometimes under a different name, sometimes it's just done blatantly because a security state don't give a fuuuuuck!
Gosh... who could have seen that coming?
I mean, do we every really expect our government to have our best interests? 
Oh no. they didn't do what they said they would do. This post is the literal equivalent to a complaint. Is anyone surprised?
If your talks about defending freedom and US is the only country where people can be 'this' free and I need my guns to defend myself from my government ever meant anything. This is the moment to protest at the lawn of the white house and get the entire running government to step down for allowing it. In my country we've seen governments and politicians fall over much less, but this is down right criminal.
The title should read, "It's official - Americans have lost the power to make decisions in this shit country." 
Thanks Obama.  It will take a generation to unscrew the mess he has made.  Unfortunately, it will be your generation.
Fucking terrorists!! 
Anyone surprised by this?
I think its official that monitoring my porn habits doesn't actually stop terrorists.
So? Is anybody going to Jail?  Else, yaaawwn.
what they were going fire all those people? lol..... 
"Yeah, we'll cut it out, wink wink"
you mean that a spy agency, did something they were not suppose to, and said they did something else ???? :I
Yup.   And still not a goddamn thing any of us can do about it. 
Color me not surprised.
So is this a case of the government saying "stop the spying guys" *wink wink nudge nudge*.

Or is this a case of the NSA ignoring the government, protecting the people from themselves?
Duh. They suffer from pathological retention.
That's not surprising at all, but at the same time THIS is perfectly the reason no one trust NSA, because ther's no fucking oversights and very little accountability.

Much less people would be against NSA, if they were actually transparent about their programs.
Um,  ok. The government has more secrets and continues to do exactly what we thought. This only fuels the everyday conspiracy theories and what we generally think. 
This is the nature of govt. They exist for themselves.
"No shit" 

-Everyone
O RLY?
There is a difference between peering into someone's windows from their back yard and copying something that someone gave to strangers to hold on to
Me and u/UncleMeat had this talk and he felt like I should give the NSA more credit than it deserved. I do not trust them, and this is why.. And it's worse when I'm not even American and feel so strongly about them. This is a separate kind of atrocity. 
oh my, Jenkins, do fetch me my fainting couch.
Questions for those in Technology who are more likely to understand how e-mails and internet usage actually works.

Would you be screaming "constitution" if your neighbor handed out 20 closed envelopes to each of the houses in the neighborhood and the police got one of the neighbors to show them what was in the envelope?
It's official, the NSA is just as corrupt and untrustworthy as everyone thinks.
Is anyone really shocked by this? It's like a parent telling a teenager to do something and then never following up if they did it.  
The NSA needs to be shutdown **completely** and have the building burned to the ground.
Well, really, does anybody still believe that the NSA feels bound by the law or the juridical system? They consider themselves above the law, and thats it. F##k legality, f##k the constitution, f##k the people.
Was anyone surprised by this?
No one should be surprised.
This in from the no-shit-sherlock dept. 
BLUE.  The sky is BLUE.
Total Information Awareness-It's still a thing.
Wait, you're telling me one of the more shady government agencies *lied?*
kind of a "no shit, sherlock" moment for us all. the nsa does nothing to keep us "safe", is a gigantic machine for transferring national wealth to a few business owners, and is populated by people with no ethics, of course they lie and cheat. fuchheads.
They open every envelope, photocopy all the contents, and then seal it back up like nothing's happened. This is illegal. 
Of course they did, they probably expanded it too.
Did anyone think it was gonna actually shut down? I mean...
Of course they did! Who reasonably thought it was going to end with that?  I mean, I hoped it was honest, but in reality it will just go on as before...kept in the shadows.
Do you really want all of our shit out all the time? Especially with this ISIS bull shit
Oh man. This is hard to believe. You're going to tell me that they knew it was illegal the whole time, did it anyways, got caught, told to stop, and KEPT breaking the law???

That's unbelievable. I've never heard of a government  agency knowingly break the law before. The government would never do that.....
/r/noshitsherlock
Isn't it about time that we assume that there is a detailed file on every person that uses the internet?  I have assumed this for probably 10 years.  The government knows I like really gross porn now.  
Anyone that believes the US government when they say they're going to end a program like this is delusional. 
*"this program effectively continued under the authority of different government programs with less scrutiny from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court (FISC)."*

Given that FISC has been a rubber-stamp farce, what's the difference?
Goddamn it NASA. Do they never learn?
So, we should just move to using 512-bit AES encryption with passphrases. It's highly inefficient, but at least you'll be able to keep your communications secure.

Edit: 128-bit seems better. Either way, point stands.
Is anyone the least bit surprised by this?
Oh no. Shocking. No one saw this coming. Noooo. I'll bet they'll really stop now. For reals this time.
Why would anyone be surprised by this? They've been spying on us since phones were invented. It's never going to stop. The data centers need to be destroyed.
You don't say!
Do other government entities actually keep an eye on what NSA does behind those curtains? Or does the NSA have something on everyone that keeps them protected beyond protection?
nothing will be done by anyone.  
This seriously surprises anyone?..
Color me shocked. 
I really, really don't care.
I have a serious question. Can anyone explain why we shouldn't be pissed about this? Why they think it's necessary? What good it has actually done? No one has been able to justify it to me. Tell us why we should support it other than "The world's dangerous! Be scared!". The fact that we haven't heard any justification is frankly bizarre. You'd think they'd have something.
[this sums it up quite well](http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_menpibTM3q1qgxd2f.gif)
Dammit brain stop reading that as NASA.
Well, Edward Snowden seems like kind of a creep and he had access to an apparently limitless amount of information. Is this whole system being run by creeps that are enjoying it too much to speak up?
So who's going to prison?

Oh, right. Nobody. Again. 
Why would anyone think that the NSA, CIA or FBI have ever stopped spying on everyone?  They're spying all the time.  That Snowden fiasco was just made up to make people think someone was doing something to stop the spying.  Same with wikileaks.  These people don't make mistakes.  
And then law enforcement complains about how certain phones and apps are unreadable even with a warrant due to encryption. Maybe if they hadn't violated the law and the public's trust several times before, it wouldn't like that.
Sigh. Superman, if you're up there... we need your help.
Really? Who the hell cares??
Google collects data for profit. NSA collects data for national security. If you're not doing illegal things, why does it matter?  There's always going to be positives and negatives, but if NSA intercepts an email that helps stop something bad, then isn't it an okay thing?
I wonder what the critics of the NSA think our signal intelligence agency "should" be doing?
What if I don't care? 
You are being watched. The government has a secret system, a machine that spies on you every hour of every day. I know because I built it. I designed the machine to detect acts of terror but it sees everything. Violent crimes involving ordinary people, people like you. Crimes the government considered "irrelevant." They wouldn't act, so I decided I would. But I needed a partner, someone with the skills to intervene. Hunted by the authorities, we work in secret. You'll never find us, but victim or perpetrator, if your number's up... we'll find *you*.
"This is surprising"

-nobody ever
Rand Paul was discussing this.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kofs1WyJnzA
No shit. It's not going anywhere, it will never be scaled back. Its more likely they will start arresting people and disappearing them to a domestic black site before they reign this in.
Is anyone surprised? Anyone at all?

No? That's what I thought.
The funny thing is you all know what needs to happen but are too scared to do it.

The right to bear arms was written into the constitution for a reason.
Why dont the american people seem to be able to do anything about this crap? Is it that we elect people that do nothing? Is the government too bogged down with rules to do anything? Does the government not care, because i swear if i could do something about this id love to help. If there are others doing stuff that is
if you want the government to protect you, this is how they need to do it. people do not understand this. 
Good - let them spy on my all they want as long as they keep me safe. 
Of course they did. The Nsa is an organization of fucking criminals. They have been shitting on the Constitution and personal freedoms in this country since after 9/11. Why would a legal order to stop being cunts actually stop them from being a bunch of fucking cunts.
Imagine if a citizen did this. Just defied a court order like there's zero fucks to give. Imagine how thoroughly different the scenario would be.

It would be nice to live in a USA where the people can actively effect the operation of government, by majority. I feel like the lengths of time it takes to enact policy change creates a controlled environment.
Damn NASA, stick to observing the stars. smh .....
was there a database of muslims?
I feel that NSA knew Americans would assume this.  Then they also knew we wouldn't do a thing about it.
I'm surprised this is surprising.  
It's leh official!
Man, he has so much money. Canada, a first world country, just pledged 2.65 billion over the next ten years to help poorer countries embrace lower carbon output power creation. This one dude does the same or more but right away. Damn.
Imagine if all the world's billionaires put a fraction of their billions in this... Where would we be as a species in 50 years?
I bet half the people commenting about how he just wants more money wouldn't donate even 10% of the money he does if they were that rich. 
I love this guy, we need this, not only for environmental reasons but civilizations run on energy, if our energy source is clean and abundant it will give us the means to reach develops further. You can only go so far on fossil fuels. 
Thanks, /u/thisisbillgates, from the World. This is quite inspirational and exciting news to hear there may be a planet for my grandkids to live on.

Come back for another AMA after the announcement on Monday?
Just heard about this after listening to Dan Carlins Common Sense episode from 11/14.
Why doesn't Bill Gates run for president. He is like the sane version of Donald Trump and could easily fund his own campaign.
This is how we beat terrorism.  We yank their oil money.  The American government should fund an all-out Manhattan Project for every kind of renewable energy until we have some workable solutions.  We've done great and large things in the past; nuclear weapons and then power, the interstate highway system, moon landing.  This is a no-brainer of a decision.

We could create jobs, export new technologies and lead the world again.  Did I mention it would pull the plug on terrorism?
Next up, state government in Wyoming,  West Virginia,  and Kentucky grind to a halt as governors ban state employees from using Microsoft products because **War on Coal**
The real question is: Why aren't North American Governments doing this? trillions of dollars in tax revenue, a recession and falling oil revenue, high unemployment. It seems silly that this wouldn't be at the top of this to do list.
Bill gates is my favorite billionare. 
As a soon to be chemical engineer, I would love to work on project like these. I hope this spurs more jobs in the renewable energy industry, I also hope I can get one of them. 
[deleted]
But let's just keep making more movies about Steve Jobs you guys.
Bill, a total boss as always.
Funny, I've been saying for years that the United States should launch another "Manhattan Project", this time in search of renewable energy and energy alternatives to free this country from it's reliance on oil, thus allowing us to abandon interests in the Middle East. 

Hopefully this is a start
Bill Gates is a great guy.   He has done so much good with his money, I wish more rich people were like him.  You  can tell he's doing this stuff because he cares, and not because of some kind of tax break, he is set for life with the money he has, he could easily just sit on a yacht somewhere and not even consider the rest of the world, but chooses to get involved and help. 

That's exactly what F1, Formula E and others create. An competitive environment to further develop every aspect of a car. In Formula E's case, pushing the boundaries for electric batteries and cars. They'll spend a lot of money to gain any advantage in a race, which a company in a business environment would spend 10 years to achieve.
As an electrical engineer in the power industry, current renewable resource are not viable for large scale deployment. There needs to be innovation over what is currently available if we want carbon free energy.
Good news for electrical engineers
I mean we already have nuclear energy and that's pretty fucking clean and efficient. 
It already exists. It's called nuclear power.
I was thinking just yesterday what would the world be like if instead of invading Iraq the us spent the war on terror/drugs money on a Manhatten project for free energy. Surly by now the world world be better AND there would be no daesh
Good guy Gates. 
Behold, the rarest of humans: A visionary capitalist with a social conscience.  A man with a vision and the clout to back it up. 
I'm not afraid to say it, "I LOVE THIS MAN!", he is truly making our world better.
Bill definitely has a reserved spot in The Institute. 
Dear Bill Gates:

I recently read on Reddit that an inventor has created a partially transparent solar cell that is flexible and can be mounted on a window. I am a lower middle class worker, and I desperately would love a solar device I can hang in my windows that would pay for my refrigerator. Most of the time I am not here, and I keep the heat low. Every month in the summer, my bill is $50, and I have to think that $48.00 if it is from my refrigerator. I know Tesla has huge batteries and all that but most of us in small apartments need something small enough to put on the top of the fridge, that I can run a wire to, that will power it. 

I hope someone out there reads this and decides that a fridge battery is the way to go. Anything that would save me $50 a month on the cost to run my fridge would be a help.

Thanks,

T, a Redditor
How about we dump that money into exclusively fusion research instead? Think a bit more long-term than the next 20 years...
I think it should be a concern that our technological advancement is dependent on the philanthropy of a few wealthy individuals.
For anyone interested, Dan Carlin covered this topic in detail during episode 298 of common sense. I think Gates is right on the money, here. I've long believed that creating incentives to bring about the changes we need long-term is one of the most important roles of government. Long term investments with extremely long range payouts are an inherent weakness of the capitalist economic system. For issues of strategic importance, the government must creative incentives that put us on the right course. 
I'm pretty sure he wants to change the world. 
My money is on [fusion](http://www.sciencealert.com/first-of-its-kind-german-stellarator-could-revolutionise-the-way-we-use-energy)
Seriously though, Look at Computers, Video games, and Cell phones. If we could "push" other innovations as fast as these have developed in such a short span.....
The way he got his money is shady as fuck (look at how many lawsuits have been directed at microsoft over the years) but damn he's putting it all to good use.
[Serious] As someone with a big interest in renewable energy in general, but with ZERO practical knowledge or experience, how can I get significantly involved in something like this? 
Its called "nuclear energy." been around for more than half a century
Say what you want of Microsoft. This man and his wife have done a lot with their fortune. I can forgive some shady business practices if the money leads to this.
So just like [Manoj Bhargava.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YY7f1t9y9a0)
I don't use Windows, in fact I hate Windows, but Bill Gates is my kind of guy, love that guy. ^Seriously ^^though ^^^everyone ^^^^should ^^^^^use ^^^^^^linux.
It amazes me that this hasn't caught on literally everywhere. How can anyone think that burning fossil fuels, depletable energy to be a good idea. I get that there's money to be made in this, but shit, be think agead .. Imagine owning the patent to a 100% cheap clean renewable can power a city technology. It's great for the planet, and it also secures your wealth for like the next billion years.. 

Hell, make it a "energy club" $100 Billion Dollars to enter.. How quick would shit be moving then. You would be fucking SET forever. And you know, beautiful planet..

But that means the poor people might get invited to play at our golf club.
Nice and all but we have already solved the problem, Nuclear, people are just irrationally fearful of it.
What's with the usual reddit nuclear circlejerk?
Sorry for all people who think "clean" energy means renewables (as is implied in the article as well): Bill Gates seems to be rather the [nuclear power](http://terrapower.com/people/bill-gates) kind of guy.  

Edit for your convenience: [The about page of TerraPower](http://terrapower.com/pages/about).
We'd have great minds in the coming years, and Asia is set to not grow too much to actually use.
Imagine what could be done if Warren Buffett joined him. Or maybe even a billionaire coalition. There's so much money out there in those guys bank accounts they could make it happen. Plus all these guys who made their fortune off fossil fuels will be dead by the time green energy can take over.
Again philanthropy wins out, it seems the TPTP via most western governments is in the hands of the oil industry, it seems they are invested in desperation, selfishness,profit and ruin rather than hope, it's extremely disappointing.
Can I say that I like this guy?... I like this guy. Lol 
This is what we needed!!  Thanks Bill!
The first thing he should do is focus on upgrading the grid.  Upgrade the grid and all of a sudden its far easier to brute force clean energy.

We should have done this back in 2009 rather than the so called stimulus.
We'd have great minds in the demographic transition model.
I think people are just not educated enough and the experience of the A-10 as well as the government gives the military just puts it into research, and possibly cuts the size of their money.
This is compounded by things like groundwater, aquifers, and other ecologically important underground things?
If he wanted, Bill Gates could have sharks with freaking lasers on their heads
On a side note, what I find amazing about the way good hard science works. After all the difficulties, lack luster results and setbacks the Gates Foundation had with improving the education system they had to take a step back and realize that the first step is just understanding and identifying basic traits of good teaching/education.  The GF decided to put improving education on hold and decided this was a much more solvable problem.

Tl:dr Teaching poor kids is hard, clean energy much more doable.
Thanks Bill!
The motivation and capability to for clean energy innovation has existed for decades. However any promising ventures immediately get roadblocked by the lobbying power of the Fossil Fuel Industry.

Even if this succeeds how can we force Big Oil and Coal to give up the power they currently have over our energy supply? They will use every dollar and politician in their power to stop us from transitioning to clean energy.

Without true campaign finance reform and a rebuttal of some of the ugliest part of our corporate capitalist system, this seems little else than wishful thinking and a waste of resources.
Again philanthropy wins out, it seems like a ridiculously simple idea and I'm skeptical for the establishment of silicon valley came from the Navy to find much more environmentally friendly ways to descale/descum ships hulls.
This is how Hugo Drax started out before he decided to move all the pretty people to the moon before destroying the earth.  At least I think that's what Moonraker was about.
It's a bit outdated now but this Oxfam paper is quite enlightening RE: countries and individuals being obligated to give money to combat climate change/invest in clean energy: https://www.oxfam.org/sites/www.oxfam.org/files/adapting%20to%20climate%20change.pdf
I really hope he teams up with T. Boone Pickens on this. Love the Pickens Plan to get off foreign oil!
I really don't give a shit what they do as long as :

it doesn't cost me anymore

and

I don't have to give anything up.
What about building a thorium reactor?  Everyone says it's a good idea but no one is doing it.
It's anyone guess what will happen but at that most of the most recent one a listen and I have gotten grants from the dod for green energy is practically self-sustaining.
Then again, he did support the common core
By doing this, not only is he paving the way for new industry, creating tons of jobs, improving the enviornment, and relieving the U.S. of it's oil dependency,  but as a result, he's also fighting ISIS/Saudia Arabia.
He's just bored now
and people still hate Gates and love Jobs
If this guy would start living a normal life.. or double that... or ten times the average he could give shit-tons more then the nation I live in.. fuck this fucking asshole and his 'charity'
The "affordable" part allows for his kind to rule over the peons.
Why hasn't he won a Nobel Peace Prize yet? He definitely deserves it more than President Obama and I'm saying this as someone who voted for him.
Bill Gates is the man.  He is one of the super rich,  in fact the richest,  and has chosen to give and do what ever it takes to make the world a better place.  
Man, he still owes me a few million dollars, and now he's funding this?? Unbelievable.
OR just make clean energy businesses tax free.
Evil capitalist. 
thank you based bill gates
Why doesn't Bill Gates just get with Elon Musk? All that guy needs is the resources and development will take off.
nuclear fusion or fuck off bill
Pumped hydro where it is bad because we have a clean energy future.
If he wanted, Bill Gates himself said something along the lines of when you have access to lots of energy that doesn't fuck up the slack, though, much like how the space to get more room For real.
Far be it for me to tell a billionaire how to spend his money , but what took him so long? Seemed pretty obvious to this poor slob for a decade or so...
Goddamn Windows 10 again trying to sneak up after me even if I delete the update-reminder. Fucking Windows trying to invade our lives....

...damn it at least he's using that money wiser than congress... I guess instead of first-world problems, this is an all-world problem.
Alright, Bill!!!
Bring on in-home nuclear reactors
It is silly enough that I like this guy?...
Alberta does As a soon to be third-world viable, can it?
I wonder how much of that money will be going to lobbyists? 
My only idol. Others would do what you are doing in your position -- but you have done what you have done in your position. 

You set the example brah.
but what about solar?
What would we ever do without the rich? 
"Monopoly is just a game, Senator.  I'm trying to control the fucking world."

-Robin Williams
But yet, we can't take any money out of our 600+ billion dollar military budget. The government would rather blow each other up than help each other. 
It does a lot more people in, maybe 100s.
This is how to pitch climate change to Repulicans In the United States we actually use Depleted Uranium in the ammunition for the environment and people.
He should buy out every member of congress and have them end their term with a final vote to enforce term limits....a clean slate would be a pretty huge change that only a billionaire could make happen.
Steve Jobs gets cancer and dies.  
We're not allowed to use plastics or biology in these inventions?
Can he do another IAMA?
scam scam scam
He is like the Kyoto Protocol.
Bill Gates is fucking awesome, but don't quote me on that bc I'm drunk
Thanks Bill.
They will talk to a clean energy future.
"lol j/k. big oil is in charge."
Bill Gates saving the world one fund at a time.
He and elon and others are trying their damndest to drag humanity kicking and screaming into the future.
Dan carlin reviewed this on the latest episode of his common sense podcast. He related to the incredible pace of innovation seen during wartime, for example the race to atomic weapons during World War 2. Increased funds made available to pursue clean technologies will result in rapid job growth in renewables and development of products and services that can be sold worldwide. 
'No Such Thing As a Free Gift' Casts a Critical Eye At Gates Foundation 

http://news.slashdot.org/story/15/11/27/2054227/no-such-thing-as-a-free-gift-casts-a-critical-eye-at-gates-foundation


There are other factors at work like local culture and economics, but the tank plant stays open because congress tucks that in to pork spending.
is-... is Bill Gates... Iron Man?
Remember that time he jumped over a chair?
Badass
I hate Bill's OS, but I really like his philanthropy. Why is Bill Gates not the devil anymore? 
Gotta regurgitate a jobs movie every year just like his business efforts, Bill Gates is like a ridiculously simple idea and I'm skeptical for the environment and people.
The lab I worked in was funded to develop a biodegradable hydrophobic coating for paper bags.
And he will charge every 6 months for "Updates".
I really want to be thoughtful and engaging.
Kudos to Bill Gates for doing something sensible.  Hopefully more influential people will get on this bandwagon.  I've maintained for a very long time that the only sensible approach to dealing with the perceived climate problem was to come up with a better solution...  Something that people aren't considering, or isn't getting enough attention.  

Solar and wind won't cut it.  Wind is too volatile, and it requires a tremendous amount of maintenance.  Solar is promising, but the setup costs are very high.  Also, the lifespan of the cells is finite.  Germany has leaned heavily on Solar and Wind, and it has greatly increased their energy costs.

Nuclear would do what we need, but there are other concerns with nuclear, and people are afraid of it.  We've been hearing about Thorium and molten salt reactors.  It sounds like these technologies could use some more attention.

The most reliable, renewable energy sources are geothermal and hydro.  Geothermal is very under developed.  Hydro-electric is great, and newer facilities are much less harmful to the environment.

Considering that most of the world's population lives within 100 miles of the ocean, further research into using tidal energy as a source of power would also make sense.
Why doesn't he just build a Thorium reactor for billion to start with?
Technocracy, Inc.
Yeah mr gates! yeah science!
Thank you Mr. Gates.
Finally, Bill. 
Thanks Bill!
Awesome. We need to be off fossil fuels yesterday. Psyched to see what advances come as a result of this. 
If you use Microsoft product then you don't need to do Chasity, buddy Bill Does it for us.
God damn finally someone with money wants to try to make a change for us middle and lower class people who can't do anything about these things
our saviour, and he didn't have to give blood!  Well, some people count money as blood, so maybe in a way he gave 90%-99% of his blood!  He died for our sins!
i predict some awesome electromagnetic designs!
Don't trust him, he's planning to destroy several major cities and pin the blame on Dr. Manhattan
If only i could go to school for free with an intent of industrial engineering and design in clean energy technologies...
Thank you Bill Gates, the world's only cool ultra-rich dude. Just kidding Elon.
How about researching Thorium.
And it's "cool" to have an iPhone.
Finally, we need long-term is one of them.
Is he in this with Nathan Myhrvold, the patent troll?
Will this bring my SUNE stock up? God, I hope so!
We need nukes to come back, and we need different forms of generation for.
Finally. Do it Bill!
I wonder if he saw this video:  

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=27gtZ1oV4kw

It was a pretty intense speech to me from this 17 year old at the UN. The kid was passionate. 
Compared to that solor may as well be a concern that our technological advancement is dependent on the frontpage of /r/adviceanimals in the power industry, current renewable resource are not viable for large scale deployment.
There is more than one way to start attacking this problem. One of the reasons environmentally friendly methods of producing energy can't easily replace the current ones is because the friendly methods can't yet cover the demand. The switch could be less dramatic if just a little more time, money, and effort could go into mass-producing more efficient consumer goods. Imagine refrigerators built like a thermos, glass plated with gold or silver sustaining a vacuum. It wouldn't have to run its cooler nearly as often. Imagine street lights being changed to LEDs which are able to shut off and come back on quickly enough to provide light for vehicles or pedestrians. Buildings can be designed to conserve energy, more large buildings letting in natural light will not only save power but create a happy environment for the people there. Computer labs can put their computers to sleep while they are not in use, and shut them down at the end of the day.
Good news, Well done Bill Gates. I think there are two parts of this that needs to be developed, the way we produce energy but also how we use it.
This is really good of him, I wish there were more people like him.
I'm sure the Saudis will be fully behind the search for clean renewable energy. 
I love Gates! 
The success of this hinges entirely on whether he names it after himself again. 
Does anyone else think Bill Gates and other billionaires should be taxed like crazy so that the government can use their money to help everyone, instead of just how he wants to?  I know the govt hasn't had the best track record of having the citizens best interest in mind, but if it did, the tax revenue from a few billionaires could fund sooooo many social services.  Education, for the homeless, the hungry, the poor, the sick.  He must get so many tax benefits by donating on his own, money that would go to the govt if he didn't donate.  I'm sure he gets tax write-offs from the govt for his donations, and that money could have gone to the govt to fund some social services (if we voted to create and fund those social services more).  Am I being crazy/naive?  Is there any merit to what I'm saying?  I guess I just don't like that these donations are in lieu of taxes.  That's a strange policy for extremely rich people that donating to some cause excuses them from taxes.  Seems like a policy created by rich people to spend money more as they like, instead of handing it over so that everyone could theoretically decide how its spent.  This way he gets total say over his how tax money is spent.
I wonder if any of that money will fund LENR research?
The evils of capitalism.
We have clean energy technology... It's called nuclear fusion.
I get that there's money to be a planet for my student loans.
Well, it's better than nothing, but I'm disappointed in his continued investments in the fossil fuel industry.  Perhaps he's doing that to maintain a deeper connection with those CEOs?  In other words, he's trying to change from within instead of launching attacks from the outside.

As Pres. Bush began his second  term, the idealist in me was hoping for a "Nixon to China" moment where Pres. Bush would launch a space-race type of movement to invest in nuclear fusion and green technologies.  With his family's deep connections to fossil fuel industry it would have been a stroke of genius and given his presidency an historic achievement.  Alas, it was not to be. As time goes on, and his legacy gets more tarnished, this may be a great regret for him.  

Pres. Obama has a chance to push us in that direction.  It's imperative it happens asap.  I've been reading for more than a decade about AGW and more times than not, I frequently read quotes from scientists "it's happening faster" or "unprecedented" in the articles.  My specific concern now is the methane time bomb that will accelerate the warming.

edit: added a word
Steve Jobs was an angel, taken before his time. Too bad we are stuck with Gates. /s
Bill Gates also did an interesting [interview about the future of energy for the Wall Street Journal.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IsRlN1oDm60)
thorium thorium thorium thorium thorium 
Thanks Bill. Keep making a difference. 
Erm, we already have a clean efficient energy source. It's called nuclear power, it just got a bad reputation.
''And eventually I could make even more money with the patents.''
He'll prolly go to heaven now
I have an idea for a new type of fusor/fusion reactor, but I don't work in the nuclear industry. How would I go about applying for grant money?
We'd have to stop trying to kill each other first. 
I would also like to see innovation on Microsoft products more.
Wait! But the govt needs to tell us where to spend our money! Capitalism  won't help philanthropy! Ugh we will never be able to have any charities without the govt helping us!
Bill should endorse Bernie 
Damn capitalism destroy- oh 
His poop water machine costs US$1.5 million and it targets:

local African entrepreneurs in areas with no infrastructure.

If you are a "small-time" African entrepreneur, the great Gates offers you the opportunity to set up a business of collecting crap door-to-door so that you can turn it into poop water and sell it back to the people who can't afford any other means of securing clean water.

Gates, still waiting for the ["missing link to renewable energy"](https://www.ted.com/talks/donald_sadoway_the_missing_link_to_renewable_energy?language=en) that was ready for production 3 and 1/2 years ago, and you bought up, to be released.


Then 5 years after the fact Apple will come in with the same thing, redesigned, and claim to have invented it.
Sweet!

 Wait...why does this [sound familiar?] (https://youtu.be/3gOR91oentQ)
And most importantly, let's use our money to lobby the government to make laws and regulations and subsidies to fit our agenda, whether it's right or not.  And fortunes will be made taking advantage of that political agenda.  This is what oligarchy is all about, folks.  Meet the new boss, same as the old boss.
Meanwhile, over in r/oil, they're downvoting me for saying alternatives development aren't going to be hampered by low oil prices.
It's called the free market. Hop on this train, praise the Gates family for their contributions to society, and relish in the fruits of capitalism.
I wonder how much he is paying for this PR?
he is just buying himself a place in circles of power that would be closed to him otherwise. to what end, i don't even know. maybe he doesn't even know himself.... maybe he want to  clear his name for all the wrongs he done that are still active in the software industry. why did he destroyed so many businesses to amass his cash; surely he wasn't a humanist back then?
10$ says they are going to try and make money off this by encasing the results in patents. 
umm 20 years too late and gain 0 respect from me!  what happened to cure for malaria or new condom or a new toilet?  Ohh, right, it's only good for publicity. 
At what point does the Billions of dollars and thousands of hours in charity and good deeds that this man has done for the rest of us excuse his sins from the 80's and 90's? I SEVERELY doubt any other tech millionaire he supposedly stole ideas or shut down would have done a fraction of the good he has.  

Edit: Downvoted for telling the truth. Pathetic.
Just a matter of time before conservatives label the most successful entrepreneur / capitalist in human history a commie.
Is he trying to get tax dollars for it, or is it personal money?
Forget hyperspace and galactic colonies. None of us will be alive to see a carbon free world
Bill Gates doesn't believe in the magic of the market, what a fucking commie! Commies are not better than atheists. You need to have faith or you don't know what's right in life. Everyone who's not evil know Jesus and the market is the righteous path to goodness!
Documentary following a guy already doing this

Billions in Change: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt5056416/

And here it is on Youtube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YY7f1t9y9a0
All we need to do so with climate change.
Someone at the NY Times listens to Dan Carlin's podcast.
Hoping they will never get a chance because the general military spending budget?
So a lazer guided robot that punches plants in the face, what a time to be alive. 
Bosch has been doing some great things lately.  
They power most ABS/traction control systems on motor bikes and have developed a system that makes riding in rain/on slippery surfaces *dramatically* less likely to result in a crash or loss of control.  
Pretty sweet.
This is awesome and clearly the farming of the future. I can envision armies of small, solar powered bots, continually weeding, cultivating, monitoring disease and managing pests.
An area they kind of gloss over (rightfully so because it isn't the focus of the article) that I am extremely interested in is identification of plants by the shape of their leaves.

My dad has been talking about an app that he would be able to take on hikes to identify the trees and plants that he comes across.

Everything we had searched on the topic seemed to require a human element to distinguish features and essentially filter a huge database of species that are indexed/keyworded with these features.

Does anyone have information about what kind of 'computer vision' these use? Is it something that we may see in a camera-based app?

**EDIT: Thank you for the responses so far. I understand that the task this specific robot needs to complete is much simpler because it has very tight bounds/restrictions, but I am curious how scalable it is to the problem I described. Or maybe, as an intermediate step, a smaller problem of being able to identify a known subset based on a specific location to distinguish, for example, between plants that are safe or unsafe to touch/eat.**
Farmer here. You'll still need pesticides for insect control, and as far as potential harm toward humans, you're more likely to find an insecticide that's dangerous to humans since the mode of action is to kill an animal, rather than a plant.

Also, we'll still need fungicides to help control mold and fungus issues.

Edit: A bunch of you are suggesting robots to kill bugs. Aphids in soybeans are about the size of a dot on a sheet of paper, and if you make some nano technology that can take them out, I'm all for it. But right now it's most economical to do a $12/acre spraying when there's 250 bugs per plant on roughly 80% of the field to save yield.
"What is my purpose?"

"You pull weeds."

*looks at hands "Oh my god..."

"Yeah, welcome to the club"
&gt;ram any unwanted plants into the ground with a rod

I dub thee the WeedFucker 9000.
**Video** of a similarly prototyped robot with a greater clearance: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x8Aq6qVQOkw - apparently has articulating wheeled legs, so it's capable of dealing with variable furrows.

This version of the robot is modular (technicians install some kind of an add-on at 0:45. It's a bit confusing because the housing looks farm-grade, but the add-on is engineering prototype quality (built with v-slot rails).  The article looks like an earlier prototype ([larger pic](http://assets.fwi.co.uk/Bonirob-robot.jpg)). So, they're apparently breaking the problem down into components, which is an encouraging sign that they're taking this task seriously.  I want to say the video is a second generation robot by comparison with interchangeable task modules.

At the 1:30 mark you can see some kind of a rod moving, though I think it's a soil moisture detector since it's going very slowly and has wiring leading down to what could be an electrode. The module they're testing is probably as experimental as the plucker/pusher the article talks about, but doesn't actually show.

Despite having made a well designed robot, they're probably still very much focusing on the enormous computational challenges needed for deep learning the environment, but this article picked one 'what-if' feature, and ran with it.
Until the weeds evolve to look just like the plants. 

And then reprogram the robot to punch humans. 
Farming Simulator games are due to become even more boring.
I wonder how long it will take for weeds to evolve that have leaves that resemble crops' leaf shapes. 
No need for immigrants.  Trump will be happy.
We have this where I used to farm! But they're called Mexicans not robots, and they usually don't break down like the machine will, well, unless bud light is involved. 
All plants evolve to look the same.
How long until I can get one of these for my lawn?
Bosch vs. Monsanto... Let's get ready to rumble...
Indoor automated farming is the future. 
These were the first robots to go crazy in the movie 'Runaway'. Just FYI.
[First thing I thought of](https://media.giphy.com/media/3oEduLWsZN3T9y3gYg/giphy.gif)
Apparently nobody remembers the lessons the Tom Selleck classic "Runaway" taught us.
This looks Far to expensive to compete with Herbicides.
Transfarmers...harvesting the rye! 
/r/punchableplants
Be sure to program it to recognize specific weeds rather than not-crops.


Being beaten to death by farmer bots for not looking like corn would be an embarrassing way for the human race to go out.
Uh, bugs eat vegetables and fruit too. Pesticides are mostly for... well pests. If it has laser blasters that can identify bugs though, then we're in business.
I'm highly skeptical about ramming unwanted plants into the ground as a way of removing them. There are a lot of weeds that thrive on being broken into smaller pieces, as they can then start multiple plants instead of just one.
Say car ramrod!
So...more evidence that in 10-20 years, all low-skill (or easily automated) jobs will be automated? Trucks drivers, fruit pickers, factory workers -- all will lose their jobs? 
My main problem are the spittlebugs, the multicolored jumper things and the little grasshoppers that look like leaves. Weeds, not an issue.
This is entirely in the reach of current technology, and when it is electricity driven it will probably end up cheaper than buying pesticide. Not to mention environmental&amp;health aspects.
Interstellar? I'm OK with that.
Anyone have a video in action?
Big fan of agribots.
I don't know how I feel about an article when the author doesn't know the actual term for "plant scientist"...
feels like something that's going to be lobbied against until it dies
aaand Bosch will be deleted from the planet by an evil cabal in 3... 2... 1...
I hope they call it ramrod
I once bought a Bosch alternator.

Never
fucking
again. 
Potentially could screw up weed farming 🚬
Not a farmer, why punch the weeds into the ground instead of ripping it out like Scorpion's fatality move? 
Coming soon to iOS: Plants vs Robots
I need one for my yard; apparently weeds are the only thing I can successfully grow.
Ramming the unwanted plants into the ground isn't getting rid of the problem. They will just grow right back. 
100 years from now, people will be like 'yeah they used to grow food in the dirt and douse it with poison' and everyone will be like 'whaaat?'
At 120,000 pounds to buy one how many acres will it cover? There is a reason farmers went from using cultivators to herbicides.  Will work great for some crops but 1000 acres of corn or soybeans?
Just another pretend start-up to milk EU tech development funding. This vehicle can't economically compete with herbicides and certainly not pesticides. Cost-efficiency was why farmers began using herbicides in the first place.
Bosch &amp; loam?
Except which will be more cost effective for the farmer? Machines break and cost a ton of money to maintain, not to mention even this would take longer to cover several fields than just spraying everything, and it would have to go over those fields constantly to get new plants, as more will always be growing.
But is it cheaper than herbicides? If not, then this is just imaginary ideas.
Can I reverse it to just collect weed for me?
"...no herbicides will be needed anymore!"
(fine print:) it'll run on a classic mixture of kerosine and plutonium power cells plus it can't distinguish your dick from a carrot. So no fapping around that thing!
This is good until the robot decides that humans are weeds. 
So does the robot go to jail if the cops find your marijuana farm?
Size of a small car. Sounds like crops will have to be planted around this. Reducing yield in the end. No?
Could this be developed as something that can be stuck on a tractor. (the tractor itself could be self-drive of course), rather than needing to  couple all the functionality together in one device. If its' about the shape of the frame, similarly could that form factor be devised for different tools to be fitted.
I hacked the Bosch robot, deep in the corn field one corn plant in 10 is replaced by a marijuana plant, where it will stay until the robot, who knows where it is via GPS, harvests it one week before the corn harvest and puts it in the weed shed (where I pack and ship)...
How will they ever know?
I, for one, welcome our new robot farmers.
I imagined a fleet of quads managing tomato vines in my greenhouse.  little brush for pollination, little saw for pruning suckers, Manhack mode for flooding the sewers when the time comes.
If it can deal with poison ivy in my yard the same way, send me the contract already!
"Hey, son.  You remembered to set the Plant Puncher to corn, right?"

"Um no?  I thought you did."

"Oh crap, mah beans!"


Not long now.
I could've used this last summer when i was paid 10 bucks an hour cash to painstakingly bend over and pull mustard out of a 10 acre soybean field. 
This makes me think smaller, personal or community farms could become more common if the technology becomes cheap enough. I think a lot of humans would enjoy farming again if technology could do the heavy lifting and you weren't trying to do things at the massive scale we've gotten to.
Until weeds with vegetable-like leaves survive and thrive.
The birth of robot-resistant superweed.
I can almost hear the Monsanto lobby now...'this device infringes on our ability to earn profits, ban it!'
&gt; Rams unwanted plants into the ground with it's rod

Savage as fuck.
This should really worry Monsanto. The potential of this to allow the farming of heirloom seeds and giving the farm back to the farmer is great. 

Their model by the way,  is the farmer buys the seed from them, buys the herbicides and pesticides from them that pair with that seed. Then the farmer takes in the entire harvest because the plant has been genetically sterilized. The farmer is then required to buy the entire kit again the next season and so on. In this way Monsanto owns the farm. 

Heirloom seeds are more delicate because the have not been modified. However they are infinitely reusable if harvested correctly. Mad love to Bosch if they make these cheap enough for the average farmer.  
The next step should be rabbit size robots that you could build a swarm of that would just live in the field constantly chewing up weeds
Romba for weeds.

Womba. No...

Weedba. That will just confuse everyone.

Weedo. Could work...
Watch herbicide companies try to shut them down
Soil compaction problems? Could this lead to creating hardpan??
And it only costs a mere barrel of gold.
First they will have to plant weeds that can be killed that way.


For dandelions and Elymus repens (couch grass) won't care. In fact, couch grass propagates itself through any part of the plant. Ramming it into the ground only helps it develop new sprouting points.
There are other ones that simply burn the foreign leaves with a laser.  It's simpler and isn't as "Star Wars" as it sounds as it doesn't need to vapourise the leaves - just give it a fair bit of damage so that the weed is badly hurt. 

That was one of the prototypes (built in a week!).

But over the course of product development they pivoted and changed from lasers to mechanical lettuce thinning using concentrated fertilizer:

https://medium.com/dispatches-from-the-future/how-blue-river-used-the-lean-methodology-to-bring-robotics-to-agriculture-80517e1f6510#.7lf0cho99

It's an interesting article.

-- Mac
That's all well and good for individual weeds, but what about those that are part of a larger system of roots (rhizomes) and spread out over a wide area?
And no more braceros.  Science, once again kills jobs.
This is awesome. I love seeing practical applications of machine learning and AI. 
Neat technology but this is treating the symptom and not the problem. The UN FAO estimates that we have 60 years of soil left on the planet at the current rate of soil loss (T). We won't need these robots when there's no soil left to grow in. A weed is simply a plant growing where we don't want it, and nothing more and the notion that all weeds are bad is wholly incorrect. Weeds are a function of soil quality / management and they exist in their own respective niche (thistles grow in compacted soil, mustards in sulfur deficient soil, foxtail in soil with poor infiltration and water holding capacity, etc.) Principles of soil Regeneration (nee conservation) requires that we focus on the vigor of the crop(s) and strive to promote biodiversity and promote polycultures, even if its simply different crops grown in intermittent blocks. Then, the weeds will struggle to compete and pests and disease will target the weaker species. In other words we smother and starve the bad guys out with the good. All of this, of course, requires promotion soil biology and not promoting a sterile growth medium with herbicides and incessant tillage with oxidizes organic matter and destroys water stable soil aggregates which are literally the glue that holds the world together. Soluble chemical fertilizers aren't so hot as they starve out the soil biology from the natural process of nutrient, water, and carbon cycling but they can be necessary to establish a cover on degraded land at the onset of the regeneration process.
So, a real life Mr. Handy?
Bosch is the shit.
Yes, but does it yell out quotes about the failure that is communism?
Aaaaaaaaaand then the weeds will evolve to defeat the visual sensors of the robot. Life will find a way. 
Say car ram-rod!
Maybe they can make use of the newly open-sourced TensorFlow. 
\*robot scans plant.  weed detected.  a cheap revolver attached to a stick lowers its barrel at the weed, blasts it in half.  robot moves on\*
And it'll just be cheaper for them to keep using herbicide.
It's the Terminator....for weeds
This was the basis for the old movie 'Runaway'.

Or to put it into today's vernacular, "Robots gone wild"
*Bonirob?* I'm just annoyed they didn't call it BotaniBot/Robotanical or something.
This is all well and good until somebody's 2-year-old gets "rammed into the ground with a rod "
Will you complehhh?
Won't need people anymore, either.
I hate it when I have an idea that it turns out someone's already working on. Well, love it because it validates that I'm not retarded, but hate it because.. well I thought of it first dammit! 

I guess I just need to trip more, I always come up with cool stuff after taking acid- the last thing was that energy farm that uses a bunch of mirrors all centered on a focal point in the middle which concentrates the heat into a steam engine..
I love that this is some super sophisticated robot that uses lasers to identify weeds with probably some ridiculously complex algorithm, but after it identifies them it uses such a basic and brutal method of destroying them
Crazy, I used to make good money doing that.
But can it learn to love like the tumor I developed from pesticides?
CAR RAMROD has never been a more appropriate name.
No farmers, either. :)
Next up , robot that fists insects into submission.  No more need for pesticides either ! 
I was honestly expecting a smart car with a metal pole taped to the side... THanks for letting me down reddit!
Sending weeds back to hell where they belong.  As a gardener, I salute you Bosch!
Amazone.  Screw Amazon, I want my Christmas present to come from [Amazone](http://www.amazone.net/maschinen-landtechnik-kommunaltechnik.asp).
can they make one that extinguishes house sparrows, pigeons, starlings, and any other invasive critters?
U mean no herbicides will have an excuse to be used anymore.
What's next? Bunnyrob which will mess up the Bonirob's crops ?
Ramming them into the ground to rot and become fertilizer for the wanted plants. Great idea!
This is a great step ahead in farming...  

In regards to the 'no herbicides' hope, there are things this could never do. A crop of corn overtaken by morning glory for example... 
Can this machine de-foliate cotton leaf by leaf?
There are things necessary in the world of chem-app
¿Ya no vamos a tener trabajo?
Or farmworkers.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pan5Jo91e8I
That seems awful violent. Can we just get that robot to spray the weed with herbicide instead?
too bad the big 6 will never let this happen
Operation car Ram-Rod!
TAKE THAT YOU STUPID WEEDS. BEEP BOOP
Next step: Skynet.

But, like, for plants.
Won't it just grow back out?
Damn evil capitalism screwing the workers over by making their jobs easier
They will have to do more than weed to combat the huge price they will obviously go for.
So you can just ram weeds into the ground instead of pulling them out?
As long as they don't mistake humans for weeds!
I have also heard a about something that blasts the weeds to smithereens with compressed air.  :) 
This is exactly the thing we need, but exactly the thing that pesticide companies would hate and love to suppress.
In back rooms some investment firms with heavy investments in companies like Monsanto and Dupont are developing strategies to buy up Bosch stock and kill the patent on this robot so that it never reaches the market or, at least, is so overpriced it cannot compete with the herbicide market. That's super capitalism at work.
Another fine product from general atomics
Machines won't impact entry level work, not at all.
Eh, we already have mechanical ways of suppressing weeds. This may be better, but individually scanning each plant on a field cannot be very fast. Will the cost of individually suppressing weeds really be lower than spraying the whole field in an hour? Consider me skeptical.

That said, there may well be certain applications that can be taken over by robots, like tending spaces where blanket spraying isn't practical, like for example vegetables.
Wait till Monsanto tries to kill this project 
We have a Bosch. It just mixes bread dough though.
So they're making the farm from Fallout?
This will result in weeds evolving leaves very similar to plants we are interested in. Enough to fool the machine.

In all likelihood, this will be used in a rotation with herbicides.
I'm in farming - the agri side, not horti side - but I think it is unlikely that this will ever be used except for large operations that can operate at scale.  This machine will cost hundreds of thousands to buy, and only be able to operate on certain types of crops (stuff close to the ground).  It won't do anything about insects or molds, so pesticides and fungicides will still be just as necessary.  Unless you have the scale to run this thing 24/7 across thousands of acres, herbicides will most likely always be far cheaper.  And even then, what's the cost of fuel and maintenance if you're using it that much?  Cool idea, but &lt; 5% chance of it ever making any real impact.
Yay, technology!
I would love to see how weeds adapt to this sort of thing.  
Put one on a drone and make it target pigeons. thanks Bosch.
Will this cause weeds to evolve into shape of the crops?
Until this robot gets cheaper than buying GMO seeds and a bunch of Roundup, this robot doesn't stand a chance on getting on many farms...

Source:  me, growing up in the Midwest of the US around a bunch of tightwad farmers.
bee bop chicken wrong leaf type ZAP cow wrong leaf type ZAP farmer John wrong leaf type....
yes, right on schedule: http://www.futuretimeline.net/21stcentury/2016.htm#farm-robots
it seems they are developing this more for phenotype rather than weeding crops at the moment. http://go.amazone.de/?lang=1&amp;news=26
plus you can save money on herbicides by buying robots. 
Now if this robot could self replicate at a fast rate too weeds everywhere wouldn't stand a chance.
I like the idea, but I really feel that the [indoor farms](http://www.digitaltrends.com/cool-tech/cool-techphilips-led-farm-change-the-food-industry-aid-in-world-hunger/) are the way to go. Its considerably more energy efficient, uses 1% of the water used in outdoor farming methods, and there is significantly less risk of insect infection or pest problems. Bosch should make a robot that can man these places.


People can do that, too, and we still have herbicides. 
how exactly is a robot the size of a small car supposed to navigate dense field of crops. Sounds like it would run over more crops than weeds. 
If this becomes widespread we'll have an evolutionary interaction between the software of this robot and the phenotype of the weeds. This is known as [Vavilovian mimicry](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vavilovian_mimicry).
Replace any botanical terms with their human counterparts and that title becomes harrowingly terrifying. 
They are going to name it Brawndo.
"Wood, one of the architects of the Strategic Defense Initiative (SDI) ..."

Of course he was.
Good luck with the blackberries in Oregon. I'm pretty sure their roots go down t the center of the earth and sprout as trees in China. No way this thing can come close to dealing with them.
this is a prototype for a law enforcement robot that will perform in a similar manner. "NOT LAW ABIDING CITIZEN - ENGAGE RAM ROD"
If it can do this in darkness, can we finally get rid of Daylight Savings?
Wouldn't the weeds eventually adapt to look like the non-weed plants?
Hey, my lab is doing something similar to this! We have drones equipped with high powered lasers that detect citrus greening on Florida orange trees and kills the disease with the lasers. We're in the middle of developing the imaging algorithm, and exploring all kinds of different imaging spectrums and techniques to find the most effective one.
Time to get Tom Selleck out of retirement. 

https://youtu.be/lA6ybohAVq8

Opening scenes are literally chasing down out of control farming robots...

The future is now. By which I mean 1984s vision of the future. 
But what about the profits of the pesticide companies?
Tomorrow's headline: joint venture with Monsanto, Bristol Myers Squibb, and DuPont announced today they acquired Bosch. 

Robot division mysteriously laid off and R&amp;D programs shut down. 
Why don't use humans and no herbicides?. We survived like this thousands of years.
/r/titlegore
Brace yourself: evolution wars between robots and insects are coming. 
Harvest automation is also being developed:

https://youtu.be/OE86ldcFTuo?t=148 

unload-tractor follows with a grain bin in tow so the combine can continue harvesting without stopping.  Saves fuel and does not waste grain, because human tractor-drivers tend to spill more.

Automation will drive down the price of food, and allow the same amount of acres to feed more people.
Ian all over again.
Bonirob, it can't be bargained with, it can't be reasoned with, it doesn't know pity, compassion or remorse. It will find the weeds and punch them in the face until they are dead.
How long before the farming industry comprised of herbicide manufacturers buys Bosch so this never sees the light of day, or finds some way to get the government to ban it through lobbying. 
As someone with a fantasy of having a small subsistence farm with some degree of automation this excites me. 
HOOOOOLY SHIT BOYS 
[I think my idea from two years ago would have been more fun](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1X6MvZFQQcdpcjy2DdTUWRogjlVaetQIjSr7aYte6_v4/edit?usp=sharing)
Uh, no.  You'll still need pesticides to maintain crop yields.  Herbicides aren't nearly as bad because harsh Herbicides will kill your plants of interest too.  
What would the cost of something like this be and will it be available to small farmers? 
I hope they give it a Mexican nickname
Well, now if they can only fix my bosch dishwasher. Its been recalled so many times.
Crop Roomba.
So it's time to short some stocks.
Let me know when there's a home version that will destroy blackberry vines.
Nothing new here, this is reminiscent of [Silent Running (1972)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Silent_Running). See it if you haven't.  Looks like the direction we're headed as a species.
Monsanto (or Dow Chemical etc.) buys the patent and shelves it in 5... 4... 3...
can they make one RC car sized for MY garden?
But can it talk with a folksie accent and reminisce about the land? Still, this is exciting :)
Monsato would like to have a word with the Bosch. 
g.r.e.a.t. ... once it inevitably turns against us, man's future is one of being punched in the face by car sized robots
Patent bought by monsanto in 3... 2... 1...

;)
TIL: robots can be organic
Wow.. farming robots combined with the satellite tracking of resources like water and sunlight will make life a lot more efficient. 

Add a permaculture update to their software and we're golden.
A mechanical solution to replace a chemical one. As a chemist, this horrifies me. Where's my job security now? But honestly, I know enough about chemicals used in herbicides to know that they are not nice compounds and a solution that can replace them will be a welcome addition.
Car ramrod..?
Coming from an agriculture background, I wonder how effective the "punching into the ground" is.  Weeds can come back easily if the seed is not destroyed, and this does not solve for the insecticide and fungicide problems.  A cool step forward, but I doubt conventional farmers with their conservative culture are going to buy into it until the concept is closer to foolproof. 
Quick, where's the guy who tells us this is dumb, won't work, isn't realistic, won't be implemented, humanity is doomed, etc.
They took our jeeerrrbs
Not much of a step from a machine like this to one that can scan crops 24/7 looking for signs of unhealth/bugs, or picking just the ripe ones.

Would suck to be a migrant worker competing against these if they get cheap enough though.
Don't worry.  

Monstano will buy this and re purpose it to ferry its CEO around the office instead...
I'm really excited about DIY genetics in combination with this weeding robot... automated monocrop agriculture would be amazingly effective if we could pair this technology to sense an engineered phosphorescence. 
I would love to hear from a lawyer how this behavior, especially the exclusion of Xfinity services from the data cap, does not violate anti trust laws. 
Live in area with data cap.  The best part?  I can't tell how much I'm using.  There's a place on their site where I'm *supposed to* be able look at my bandwidth meter, but it doesn't show.  I have placed 10 calls and it sill hasn't been resolved.  They claim they'll send you messages when you reach certain percentages of usage (e.g. 75%, 90%, etc), but the whole data cap thing is merely to gain more money.  I've placed several complaints to the FCC.  It doesn't do shit.  I can't believe we've just come to accept this is part of our Internet.  We should be fighting data caps (for cell phones too) for an open Internet.
What? I am a loyal and trusting consumer of comcast! You mean to tell me that this is about money and not about the wellbeing of the customers??!
From the quote, 
&gt; Do say: "Fairness and providing a more flexible policy to our customers."
&gt;
&gt; Don't say: "The program is about congestion management." **(It is not.)**

Is the "emphasis added" the whole sentence "**(It is not.)**" or is it just the bold? 
We've been sold a ruse. Big telecom has fooled consumers in to believing bandwidth is a heavily limited resource in the same way the big jewelers have purported the fallacy that diamonds are rare.
It's about creating another service.. $35/mo unlimited data usage.. WOO HOOO!!! new fees!!
Uh... original source from 3 days ago: https://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/3rnfnm/leak_of_comcast_documents_detailing_the_coming/

It's on "page 3 of 6", last point under "Do's and Don'ts". Here's a direct link to the page: https://i.imgur.com/quf68FC.jpg
That's fine Comcast, keep doing things that are worse and worse for your customer base.  Meanwhile, el Goog will just keep expanding, and someday you are going to be looking back wondering how you became the Blackberry of the ISP industry.
Former FCC president admits data caps are about profit, period. [In 2013.](http://www.dslreports.com/shownews/Cable-Industry-Finally-Admits-Caps-Not-About-Congestion-122791?utm_source=dlvr.it&amp;utm_medium=twitter)

&gt;National Cable and Telecommunications Association president Michael Powell told a Minority Media and Telecommunications Association audience that cable's interest in usage-based pricing was not principally about network congestion, but instead about pricing fairness...Asked by MMTC president David Honig to weigh in on data caps, Powell said that while a lot of people had tried to label the cable industry's interest in the issue as about congestion management. "That's wrong," he said. "Our principal purpose is how to fairly monetize a high fixed cost."
You know, in the end these guys are going to get whats coming to them.  You can't possibly succeed in the long run  with the kind of publicity this company gets.  Whoever wrote their business model is in it for the short term profit model or they are really really dumb as in dumb ass.
GOOGLE IF YOU'RE LISTENING PLEASE SAVE US FROM THIS. PLEASE 
Ya see, we're kicking those people over there in the nuts daily, it's not fair to you so we're gonna start kicking you in the nuts too. 
It's almost like the amount of data people download doesn't affect the fucking network quality.

It's almost like it's just a fucking excuse to fuck customers over.

But this is COMCAST, they wouldn't ever fuck over consumers, would they?
If there was ANY other option where I live I would drop comcast in a second. they're the worst company I've ever had to deal with. 
I'd like to see legislation that prevents an ISP from having a market share of &gt;30% in any [metropolitan statistical area](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Metropolitan_Statistical_Areas).

They can't be trusted to regulate themselves, so there needs to be a public-backed movement for legislation to combat their monopolistic and anti-competitive streaks.
How do we get those pesky internet users to pay for our tv package? I know! We make them pay for it anyway and give them NOTHING in return! Soon everyone will be too busy fighting over who has been using netflix the most to direct any of that anger at us!

Seriously the nerve of Comcast calling anyone else a 'hog'.
It is about providing "flexibility" to the customers.  How exactly is limiting my data making my internet usage more flexible?  Unless they mean it's about making us more flexible so we are easier to fuck.
[How much would I owe in overage fees?](http://imgur.com/4xbrO1p)

FYI this is a completely legitimate span of 4 months where I had bought a new large HDD to finally download ALL the steam games I had hoarded but never installed.  
Is this considered a change in contract breaking their contract so you can cancel without penalty? 
You don't say?

And here I thought Comcast always had the customer's best interest in mind. Silly. 
Here in Provo they magically "suspended" data caps. Scared of Google Fiber you assholes?
I just complain to them. If I feel my internet is being throttled, threaten that I'll switch to AT&amp;T and I get a free boost and assurance it will never happen again. Google really needs to hit the gas on Fiber though, they are literally going to shit on the entire ISP industry.
Once again, ISPs are selling you bandwidth, not data space.  If they sell you a line that's 50mbps down and up, you are purchasing the width of the pipe.  It doesn't matter what type of data goes through it, or at what load.

It is TECHNICALLY about congestion management, because Comcast has oversold the amount of bandwidth they actually have with the amount of customers on the lines in some areas.

They're exploiting a fundamental misunderstanding most people have about data networks.
okay honestly is there something that's in the works to prevent this? we all know this is a scheme to extract more money from the customers. there's a cap now, but 5 years from now we're going to see an average consumer well over 1tb per month due to more higher definition content and so forth. this is absurd.
Just came here to say:

I'm an AT&amp;T stockholder; several years ago the company announced to its stockholders that the data caps the company employed were not based on network capacity but rather a financial calculation.

This was years ago so I don't have the original announcement anymore, just the fury it inspired.  If anyone sees this and wants to provide detail or set me straight, please do.
In the last 2 threads that have come up on this matter, I've said the same thing and it will continue to be true. There is exactly *one* real, true, lasting, impactful solution to this matter...

Remove. Their. Revenue. 
.....en masse.

They won't hear or respond to *any* other move. The FCC won't do a thing on this. Calling them and complaining won't do a thing on this. *NO move* will do a thing to undo this save one - Leave. Period. And don't return.

Yes, I'm literally stating that **large** numbers of people have to stop giving them money for maybe **months** on end. It may even mean actually 'unplugging' from the Net for some extended period of time.

Does that reality suck? You're damn right. Is it possible for everyone to do something like that? Nope - many require Internet for work purposes. 

Does any of that change the fact that leaving for a longer period and literally 'choking off' their revenue supply in **serious** amounts is the only fix? Not a bit.

Here's what will fix this:

Boardroom: "It appears our monthly gross revenue is down 40% this month from residential subscribers. This is huge. What's going on?!"  *months later* "We've lost TONS of money for months on-end...how do we get it back?!!?"

Oh...wait - I know....

I bet calling the FCC or whining on Reddit or elsewhere will totally make this go away!!

Wake up, folks. You (as consumers) have power but it will hurt to utilize it for the solution you want.

Before you say "We can't!" - I've done it. And...to make the point even more salient, I know for a fact that I've personally cost the 2nd largest cable provider approx. $20,000/month in lost revenue due to folks I've 'sold' on leaving and not returning. No joke.

You have **ONE** option they will *truly* hear or care about....

**TAKE....AWAY....THEIR....MONEY**
The day they put a cap on my connection is the day I cancel.  I'll make due with my cellphone until a wiser carrier comes into town.  And if a one doesn't,  I'll move.  
Comcast is shady as shit, i ordered internet only from them and after my trialed ended. They switched it to a cable and internet bundle without telling me, sent me a cable box and charged me for it. When asked, was told it was cheaper than just keeping internet... can't win.
Thanks for posting this! Lets keep having these articles about Comcasts bullshit on the front page until something gets done about it. Don't let this fade into forgetfulness.
This is why Europeans mock our internet networks and the price we pay for them.
This keeps coming up. This keeps being proven. This keeps being a disappointment.
Past three countries I've lived in I've had minimum 500 mbps bandwidth, and two times I've had 1 Gbps. 

Currently I live in Singapore and my current ISP gives me 1 Gbps, preferential routing for quick latency (gamer package), and DNS filtering built into the ISP so I can watch Netflix, Hulu, etc.  Netflix hasn't hiccuped once, no buffering, no lower quality stream during congested hours. ISP charges me about 40 USD a month for my service.

Just came here to share that.
Yea, these caps are so not with the times.  Me and my family go over every month sometimes by 100gb, we have 3 PC's in the house and numerous consoles that we regularly use not to mention the tablet my 3 yr old uses to stream Thomas the train and such.  Me my wife and 11 yr old all game and we go over every month usually half way through and I have to make my family stop watching YouTube, stop streaming twitch,  and installing games because we could easily hit 500gb if I let them go buck wild.  We are very into tech but we are very limited to what we can do nowadays it use to be just me a few years ago with no cap but as they watched me game and build PC's and stack onto my steam account so did they.  So now I'm being hindered by Comcast but by my family also as they became part of the master race. My bill has turned from $260 a month Internet, TV, phone package to easily over $400 a month. 
Did we really need a memo to know this? Network performance at prime times isn't going to be affected by data caps.
Bold that vox allowed this article to be published. Fuck Comcast along with Wal-Mart and nestle.
On a side Note, it is shameful that the people who pay the majority of these horrid companies do not bother to look into these corporations ethics and practices ( my mother has no problem spending 150 on wifi from comcast for example even though it just isn't worth it) while here i am hoping to piggyback off the school Wi-Fi bc 50 dollars for a 2gig phone plan is hectic
Pfft. This has been in Canada for years. In fact, it's starting to get better. At least you can get unlimited plans now.

* 60/10, 200GB cap, $74.99/mo http://www.rogers.com/consumer/internet
* 25/10, 125GB cap, $65.95/mo http://www.bell.ca/Bell_Internet/Internet_access
Meanwhile, my shitty AT&amp;T U-verse DSL is capped at 250GB and always has been.  No other choice, though:  The Time Warner service ends 20 feet away from my front door. 
No. Fucking. Shit.
[deleted]
On UK, Virgin Media, never been charged extra for unlimited broadband, it only throttles if you upload absurd amounts.
And here we are, at a reddit thread linking to an article using sources found in a reddit thread. 
i laughed out loud when i read this article , wherever i had stumbled upon it. Then i read what their reasoning was behind it.. something to the affects of - We are saving money for people that want less then 300gb a month.... and the first 3 violations are free...? Is this your selling point Hitler Co. ? How fucked up do things have to be before i see fire on the horizon ? ( this being a broader statement for what is going on in the united states nowadays )
who would do that, lie on the internet!?
In other news ; the sky is blue!
Oh, it's this, the same post 3 days in a row.
Can we please organize the Reddit hive mind to do something about  Comcast and other large ISP. I don't know a single person who likes comcast but must who have it have no other option. Surely we can use our large user base to do something about it?
ELI5: How does a company like this still exist?
How is this company continuously able to get away with being the absolute **worst**? It blows my god damn mind. By now, you'd think they'd at least *try* and improve their public image.... but nope. They just keep going lower...
Of course it's all about money. It always is. This is stupid as hell though. You're an Internet service provider and you're going to charge me more for using what I use ?
Fucking cable in America 
Can I just point out that this memo (read: training material) was meant to be disseminated to Comcast's call center employees. Now, regardless of what you think Comcast being square looks like, I can assure you as someone who has worked in that industry for a big unpopular company that they aren't going to any more effort to be honest with their employees than they are with their customers.

Who knows why this decision has been made, yeah it's probably about gaming cord cutters or keeping the bottom line intact but you could tell that just as easily from knowing how a corporation works as from reading some memo which tells you nothing at all about how Comcast's policy is set.
its about time americans got fucked over on internet.

welcome to hell guys 

love 
.au

...Maybe this is obvious and I'm failing to see this from a perspective that isn't just Comcast being a shitty company...

but how is a "Data Usage Plan", something that overrode a previous policy where most people have unlimited data, possibly allowing them to provide a more flexible policy for their customers?

This all just sounds like bullshit anyway I look at it.

I'm not even in the Southeast US where this is going on but I'm getting rid of Comcast as soon as possible. I honestly don't understand how it's possible or legal for them to basically have a monopoly on this market and be such a bully without ever facing any sort of meaningful legal issues.
I wonder if we'll ever actually do anything about companies doing things like this instead of just making threads about it and then sitting on our asses.
In other words they just jacked up their prices so pay up.  The land of the free and the free market don't really work together as much as one would hope. 
Why doesn't someone stop them... it seems like there are more than enough people willing to stand up against them?
How has the tremendously bad PR against Comcast not killed the company yet, other than the fact that it holds a monopoly in many markets?
It's about gettin' that cold hard cash 💰💵💸💰💵💸💵💸
What can we do about this? Complain to the FCC. what else? This problem is so dumb the control needs to be taken out of their hands I don't care if the government has to run the entire thing I do not want a data cap ever it doesn't make sense. The internet does not work that way.
Can't wait for Google fiber to become more widespread and slap these cable companies back to reality!
There needs to be a massive blackout to raise awareness for this if we're going to curb their plans. My ISP is doing the exact same thing. We just need to set a date to all call in and ask to cancel our services and strictly state it's because of upcoming data-caps that "aren't yet enforced." Then resort to a few days of using your phone's internet. Once they get a large chunk of their subscribers cut out, they'll probably beg for the people back.
Isn't Elon Musk setting up satellites around the globe to free us all?
I may be Comcast's biggest critic but at the same time some memo that has a single line of **(It is not.)** that could be trivially photoshopped on (hell, that could be MSPainted on) ... I question that.

It's like a villain in a movie being like, "YES I'M EVIL FOR THE SAKE OF BEING EVIL." Fits a black and white narrative really well, but doesn't really happen in the real world.

Anyway, Comcast still awful, "leak" is questionable, blah blah blah.
So basically, what this means is: sometimes corporations like to be assholes to customers, *just because they can*?
I understand the concern.

I bought an Xbox One a month ago and after several patches and two game downloads, the console effectively used 380GB of data. 

Luckily my internet is unlimited.
I used to pine for the day I was certain was coming, where slowly data caps on cell plans disappeared as the technology improved. 

Instead I find myself in a dystopian future where the exact opposite is true. Regular Internet is getting caps. 
This gets reposted and makes the front page 10 times daily
No shit. We already know this.
This is absurd. This cap will last me two weeks. 
 
If the internet was around during the founding of our country we would have had ISPs protected instead of post offices. 
Why do we need leaks to prove this? Just ask anyone in IT. 
Surprise, Surprise
God, if I ever see data caps with Time Warner, I will switch to anyone else who doesn't have them, even if more expensive. I use on average 700+GB a month. I stream both up and down, play games and have a tonne of games I uninstall and reinstall fairly frequently.
The real issue is that the only reason they get away with this is that there is no real competition. Antitrust laws are in place to prevent EXACTLY this, and continue to fail to accomplish it.

You put any viable alternative near a customer and customers will pick whichever is to their advantage. The fact that these things happen - blatant, unjustified cost increases - is evidence of a failure of the state to intercede when it is appropriate to do so.
From the No-Shit-Sherlock Department
All about the money, surprise surprise. 
Again, and water is wet.... like we didnt know already.

Did anyone, even for a second, think that it was?

It's nothing but a means to squeeze even more money out of you. Because they can.
This commercial from Comcast says it best:  http://youtu.be/KMcny_pixDw
I worked in a small ISP that has been using the data caps for years. When it was first implemented, they made you monitor your own usage and if you came close to your 200 gig, you had to call in and pre-purchase more bandwidth. If you went over, it was some outrageous amount like 5 or 10 bucks per gig. It has since evolved into the same plan Comcast is changing to. The reason I got when I asked? "Because we can. We don't have any real competition in the area for internet..." Just about the money. 

You're a fucking moron if you ever believed it was.
Protest in front of Comcast business offices. That's the only way this will get stopped. You can't boycott a monopoly, you can just burn it to the ground and get it overturned through government regulations. 
I hate to say it, but nothing will happen. They are not going to reverse on this decision. Why not? Their bottom line will not be hurt! 

People are not going to call and cancel their service or complain to the government. Nothing will happen as long as customers keep paying them every month for bad shitty service.
I'm so glad to see this constantly getting posted over and over on several different subreddits.  And I mean that legitimately, not sarcastically.  I hope this haunts them to the point that they are forced to make at least some gesture of good will and then that backfires in their face enough to make them consider how hard they're eventually gonna get raped once everyone is fed up enough to make the FCC meet to make actual rules about this behavior.
TIL "Fairness" = Profit in Comcast lexicon 
This shocking revelation brought to you by the No Shit Institute For The Bleeding Obvious
I have comcast. Can someone tell me how this is going to affect me? What are the data caps and how much do I have to download before it affects me?
Well..the networks dont care...amd they are the ones chargong the cable company prr view and channel
..the fucking nfl games have gradually increased from 4pm games to 4,25..and the 1st games still are not done 

Ccast sucks, but this blame.should be spread far and wide, they are gradually aneaking more advertisements in per episodes/game etc

Its very easy in sports apprebtly...soo dont just blame comcast, its all providers making their cash in whole...just the internet is the next easiest place
Fuck them all.

Add on...espn/disney is single handedly raising cable prices since they own most channels...and you know...comcast
Good thing I never believed that was the reason for them anyway.
Holy shit, man. I live in the region of Southern FL and did NOT realize that it was this bad. Seriously, the amount of regions listed is ridiculous. I wish there was something the average citizen could do about it, other than switch to something other than Comcast, even though that's not usually an option in most situations, like my own.

Seriously though, if you have Comcast and one of these data plans, I feel for you. Fuck Comcast.
WELL? IS ANYONE GONNA SAY ANYTHING ABOUT THIS? company ruining news like this never leaves their own comment section and Comcast will never get persecuted for it.
That's neither from a memo nor does it confirm fuck all really because you would have to have literally no knowledge about networking to think it did.
They're so full of shit. And 300 gb, or even 250 is NOTHING. And it's not about fairness. They are hey greedy fucks and want to see how far they can go. 

I could even imagine that we "beat" them and they will give us 600. And that was the plan all along.

FUCK COMCAST
Why do corporations only have a responsibility to their shareholders and not to their employees, customers, and communities?
No fucking shit. There is very little, if any congestion. They just want to milk you for all you are worth. You get to pay MORE for a shittier service, as long as they let you believe that they can't handle the traffic.
I get 150/20 with my own modem and router and Comcast and I'm generally happy, not with their customer service and I'm considering cutting my TV service, but Internet wise I'm generally satisfied. When these caps hit my area (not if when) if I have to limit my Internet usage they are done. Cancelled. There goes a cable and Internet subscriber. I'll use my sprint unlimited data to tether at 12/2. I'm getting a Google fi invite in a week or so and I'm honestly considering holding out and seeing how this goes. Can I see my usage without the cap? 
Why are we capping data? Because fuck you, that's why!
At least it isn't the $20 per megabyte charge found on some cell phone plans if you end up using data outside the country without a travel plan.
"With the Unlimited Data Option, is there a limit to how much data I 
can use?"

"...your plan includes 300GB per month.."


Mind = blown
There are so many posts about Comcast fucking up. Is it that bad? It's unbelievable how many times they keep fucking up 
And this is the thing that the FCC would like to know when debating whether or not data caps are in the best interests of the American people.
And people honestly expected any different here?
ohh no shit!
No. Fucking. Way. 

Sherlock?
Are those guys competing in Evil Corporation 2015 or something?
In other news, water wet, sky blue...
Living in the UK, I love reading these Comcast articles because it makes me feel better about my country. We might have to pay more to see good bands play, we might have a government snooping on everything we do, and we might get screwed on exchange rates for electronics but at least we don't get ripped off for our Internets.
Also, Comcast is in violation of Net neutrality rules by giving preferential treatment to their own services.  
is this real? would they REALLY put "**(It is not)**" in script like that?
I keep seeing these messages and I can only say that I'm disgusted at what Comcast is pulling on you Americans!
-Unlimited streamer, downloader and torrenter from The Netherlands.
Comcast, please stop fucking us in the ass. Thank you 
I see parallels between the internet industry and the oil industry more and more.  It seems to come down to companies controlling a monopoly, shoving out competition so that they can give you worse service while charging you more for it.  As an avid streamer it gets frustrating talking to non-technical service reps at my ISP to explain that I need at least a 5mb upload rate (optimally 10) in order to do what I want to do.  On top of that data caps, and data throttling are not new they're simply not advertised.  At least when I ask a rep about it they can give me a straight answer.

I just hope in the future that we're able to have more competition in the market place so that the consumer can start winning again.
250gb data plan was raised to 300gb? "We've lengthened the chain ~~shackling you to the wall~~ that keeps you from running in to traffic from 10 feet to 15 feet."
Why the hell don't we just start DDoSing Comcast. 

Hey we did it to to other companies and the government before. #Anonymous #OpComcast

I see little kids in this threads who bought a booted with their moms credit card :P
I don't need to even read the actual article to know this was probably true.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ONelyVJM91c
Pfff, I don't get how Americans ever accepted it, I live in a country where there are no data caps, 100 Mbps down 20 Mbps up for 50$, and It can get cheaper if you bargain... 
Why is this posted here instead of /r/NoShitSherlock ?
Blockbuster used to have a policy where they randomly added late fees to accounts to increase profits.  Couple that with a business that failed to improve and innovate, and now they are out of business, and they were a behemoth.  Comcast should really think about business five or more years down the road, not next quarter.  They stay on this path and they will milk the cash cow dry.
&gt;Historically, Comcast's own internet streaming services, like its Xfinity app for Xbox, have not counted against caps, while competing services like Netflix do.  
  
Really?  Now they are declaring war.  Time to shut'em down.
/r/NoShitSherlock 
I love how they're saying "it isn't a data cap, we're not throttling you, just charging you extra!" While Sprint and T-Mobile say "it isn't a data cap, we're not charging you extra, just throttling you!" I think we're supposed to believe both?
And what will happen, nothing
Hey, why don't you poor people just pay the $35 extra. Get a new job and make more. 
I hope they roll the caps out nation-wide... then we rally EVERYbody we can to pay the 30/35 "fee" for unlimited bandwidth and then get them all to torrent a legal file (10gb should suffice) over and over and over and use TERAbytes of data per month.  Sure, they'll get the money they want but it will highlight the fact that the caps were never needed in the first place and they've been extorting their customers.  Or, if it does start tanking their networks, we can say "you made us pay for unlimited you have to give it to us" and force them to finally update their shit-ass network.
Meanwhile Australia still has datacaps on everythin ):
The days of unlimited anything are gone. Be it cell phone plans or home internet. The carriers realized a long time ago they will end up just being dumb pipes, people will choose their content from elsewhere.the internet is pretty much becoming a utility and you pay, just like water and electricity by the amount you will use. 
Comcast pls.
Nobody has ever believed it was about congestion to begin with.
It has NEVER been about not being able to have enough bandwidth in their network.  If you are in technology, 10G fiber switches have been at the core of network for the better part of 3 decades now and 100G is pretty prevalent at the core of any major data center now.  If you've ever been in the data center of a major ISP you would know, there are no limitations for them on the distribution of bandwidth.  With the impeding IPTV becoming mainstream, yes, this will start to contrain the network some....but that is still only if every house on the block is streaming their services.

This is all about money, it always has been.  Their profits arn't in the ~40%'ile anymore and they are trying to figure out how to get back up there.
Correct me if I'm wrong but did we really need Comcast to admit that? I mean, is there actually anyone who genuinely thinks this has anything to do with network congestion?
I find myself wondering what their game is here.

How can a company be so stupid and/or reckless?
&gt;courtesy of a Comcast employee on Reddit

Verge is really taking it in the ass from Reddit for some views. The post on Reddit specifically says all credit goes to the guy who actually posted it on /b/ 
Well, I don't need a leaked memo to tell me the sky is blue either....
I thought they admitted this in a congressional hearing already...?
[Network...performance...](https://youtu.be/lpjZjQrfGNg)
For those of us not in these trial areas, how can we help?
Honestly they really just need to be nailed for lack of transparency.  I get the pricing by use. But they need to be up front about it. 

X gb  $50
Y gb $70

And so on. 
This was completely predictable and is the only possible reaction to increased cord-cutting.  The more people cut out cable-TV, the higher Internet rates will go.
Orly?
Who knows?  It's only a matter of time before someone decides to bust a (data) cap on Comcast.
I have been reading all the (justifiable) outrage on the Comcast data caps (300GB), and I wondered how this translates into usage time.

300GB of data (file storage, Gigabytes) is approx. 2576980 mb (data transfer, megabits). 

My internet connection is billed at 150 mb/s. 

2576980mb ÷ 150mb/s = 17,180 seconds of service at full speed (rounded up to whole second).

17180 seconds ÷ 60 = 286 minutes 19 seconds

Or

4:46:19

A quick look at Comcast's website shows $50/mo for a 75mb/s connection in my area. This is about 9.5 hours of service (at an admittedly impossible 100% connection speed). This clocks Comcast in at $5.25/hr. In 1995, AOL would charge $9.99 for 5 hours + $2.95/hr after that.... Or $25ish for 10 hrs of service. Source: http://www.forevergeek.com/2007/04/what_did_online_access_cost_per_hour_in_1995/

Yeah, I get the outrage.
I can't believe there are data caps, when I look at what my network card has used in 2 days its like 256 gb , that's just from watching twitch and playing games and reading the internet and YouTube, I don't even torrent anything anymore lol . what kind of company would not want people to use more data to make even larger infrastructure !? 
Pay per use instead of data caps. (Only if the rates are reasonable)
I am from Norway and I now know more about Comcast than my local ISP after just one month of browsing this sub for a couple of minutes every day..
Didn't the FCC make caps illegal?
I am curious if data caps could be used to force Microsoft to turn off [automatic data collection](http://www.computerworld.com/article/2968288/microsoft-windows/windows-10-makes-diagnostic-data-collection-compulsory.html) and [automatic upgrades](http://www.zdnet.com/article/windows-10-automatic-updates-get-over-it/) for Windows 10 users?

So far MS has been intransigent about these things but if I have data caps they would be forcing me to use a limited resource with no means to turn it off.  If they want mandatory data collection they should compensate me for my bandwidth used.  That may not be so much but their automatic updates can be substantial.

Just a thought...

I'm a little tiffed about this new plan. 
I'm shocked that a business would do what's best for it's business.

Municipal broadband is the only solution.  
Every time Americans complain about their ISPs from an outsider perspective: "My Internet contract is ridiculously cheap and it's obvious this deals were not sustainable, now the providers are making a move while still giving me some really good options. Of course it is more expensive, but it was dirt cheap and it is still cheap. Anyways I will complain because I think this companies are evil and I deserve more"    fyi: I have to pay $200/month for 30 Mbps, no data cap. 
So, for years I've paid for Comcast to manage the network and now that they have to improve their infrastructure, they want me to pay more if I use more? Outrageous!
If you don't like the service then cancel it. Comcast is within their full right to do whatever they want. Internet is not a right, its a privilege. 
How many more days is the same fucking article going to get posted? For fuck sake.
I'm really hoping this ends up being the start of a everyone gets max speed, regardless of price paid, with tiering being based on consumption levels not quality levels. I'd prefer the base regular level be a bit higher, like around 500GB, to give a bit more room for larger families and things like that, but realistically looking at my normal meter usage I haven't used more than 300GB in the last 6mo, and that's with having Netflix and a few other streaming habits.
I live in Canada and I have data cap of 450gb. I don't come close to this cap and I Netflix, torrent, game a lot. I seem to never come close to my cap. 

I have been reading a number of posts about these caps and a lot of the time people are not able to look at how much data they are using or they are getting very very slow internet service. 

I can't imagine this being the case up here but if it was I would fight tooth and nail to get the device I pay for.

Good luck with the fight
this is what happens when you try to regulate capitalism with government, namely net neutrality.  I bet you're fine with NetFlix fitting the bill now, aren't you?
Is Anonymous "calling war on X" essentially a rallying call to all hackers to throw in? It's never easy verifying who did what.
Cool, keep it up.  When they fix it switch it again to gay porno or something super jewy,  anything they'd hate.  this tickles me.
I kinda wish there were more screenshots of the site. That large text, with the brown blocking behind it,  says "To the soldiers of al-Qaeda in Yemen". Would be interesting to know what the message was, since those two groups do *not* get along. 

Hopefully the hacker group *did* get full shots for the government counter-terrorism agencies, at least. 
Messing with them is great. But wouldn't it be more productive to slightly manipulate the data? Say if it said head to such and such place for a demonstration instead take them somewhere else? Create misinformation and cause dissent? Or even use the site as a honeypot. 

Edit: A word
You know who could really straighten ISIS out? 

The Scientologists…if they could just deploy a few OT 8s over there, I bet this conflict could be brought to an end, pronto...
you see this is important, MAKE FUN OF ISIS. nothing degrades morale and interferes with their recruiting like humour. make them look ridiculous, not like the blood thirsty murderers they are but like idiots, like fools who can't even protect their own servers. we all know they are monsters, we know they butcher the innocent, and knowing that doesn't stop recruiting...but being a laughing stock, the butt of a joke, that stops recruiting. so keep up the good work!
Good job guys, you just got the web admin beheaded!
[deleted]
I'm glad to see more than just Twitter accounts being taken down. These guys are doing exactly what I was hoping would be done, even if they're not affiliated with OpISIS.
Would be cool if they copied the page layout exactly but had any hyperlinks/form submissions download some fuckery 
Be funny if this was acutally a CIA honeypot not ISIS controlled.
A week ago, they took out Twitter accounts, and we said "Meh, they should screw something in the dark net". 

Yesterday they DDoSed their dark net propaganda site, we said "Meh, MI6 replaced bomb recipes with muffin recipes. Get on their level, Anon. "

Today they did exactly that. What's next?
Can we mark this with "misleading headline"? The website on the ad is not _just_ a prozac site, and it looks more like an English-speaking web developer hired to make the ISIS website making a generic "overloaded" page and putting adsense on it.
Should replace it with a re-direct to World of Warcraft.  They'll all be too busy playing to do any Jihad.

"Mohamed--you coming to the meeting tonight?"

"No man...my guild has a raid at 8."
What if it's really US Government hackers (throw in the French and British intelligence agencies if you want) and they are just acting under the guise of "Anonymous" in order to not receive any political scrutiny? Is that possible?
Would it be more helpful to replace their site with counter-arguments from the Q'uran that opposes their ideology? 
&gt;Ghost Sec, a faction of the hacktivist collective Anonymous

How many times is the media gonna make out Anonymous is anything more than a bunch of random civilians?
I wonder how these recent hacktivist events are affecting our inelegance agencies  programs.  
I would like to see this site for myself. But I must admit that after the Snowden revelations, the chilling effect is strong with me and I don't feel like being put on a watch list for visiting it. I know Tor is supposed to be anonymous, but I don't underestimate the power of the powers that be to find out what I'm doing on the internet. Should I proceed anyway?
This was such a bad move by the hackers. It's simple to change the index page, it's funny too. However, what's even more funny, is just keeping the page the same, make sure that Java being enabled is required to view the site, then monitor exit nodes to grab the IP addresses and build some information on those that frequent the site. Whilst IP addresses != a person, it's still fairly easy to have the government track these IP addresses and build a case on the domestic ones.

Personally, this is what the NSA should be doing, and all other foreign equivalents, that way something good comes out of their spying, not just that they know what kind of porn I jerk it to (MLP BTW.)
Is that the sort of ad that's used to uniquely identify and track users? All that anti-privacy advertising technology could be put to use, right?
Why not put an enrollment link or something - join our mailing list .. First last name and phone number. Store the ip and this info that they fill out -- forward it to the fbi
It's been my experience that telling hot-headed people to calm down only makes them angrier. Which is great, because then they help you prove your point to anyone else who is watching.
Anonymous?
Even ISIS can't stop that 4chan guy.
This is what the internet was made for, ripping fuck out of idiots like Daesh.
Would someone please upload this video to the site; [1958, when Muslims laughed at the idea of imposing the hijab to women](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iv0agvY3jvo)
Replace it with Mia Kalifas ISIS porno 
Anti depressants make some people want to commit suicide, that may not be a good idea to plant in an organization that uses suicide bombers.
Govt is going to get pissed, they don't like people fucking up their propaganda /tinfoil
I take Prozac, that doesn't make me a terrorist now, I hope.
ITT: nobody knows what the "dark net" is 
a redirect to meatspin would be nice.
Someone needs to change their propaganda to make it out to be a gay club.
Viagra would have been better.
I always love visiting news sites and seeing how many ads and trackers are blocked... 20 trackers and 88 ads.  I feel like I need a wash
How do people find dark websites?
prozac ad is done ironically but i bet a lot of teens interested in joining isis are sort of depressed, aimless.  maybe they feel like their culture is the underdog, they are pathetic compared to the western world and it's science of self promotion using images : advertisment, entertainment, political propaganda etc and they want to feel like their identity is worth something, even better than the big dog.

next time hackers should put some thoughtful text to debunk daesh's take on religion and thoughtful messages on how to live in a community where people have different values and beliefs. 

humiliating them with insults,  shock sites and shit ... it's not the way to go. kill em with kindness, yea.
The URL from article that was censored out is http://isdratetp4donyfy.onion.link/29657 FYI.

I hate censorship.
gabehcuod?
When Anonymous declared war to ISIS last week, I thought they were just full of hot air. But this... This is really awesome. I love it.
Hack em where it hurts!! Their angelfire page...? Hack their fuckin twitter and facebook pages to make them support homosexuality, atheism, womens lib and israel. Everything they despise
Anonymous is really great when they have a common enemy
Who gives a shit. They hacked a random insecure website. 5800 upvotes? Really?
I love how all the discussions in this thread use extreme speculation to argue about other extreme speculation. 
Anyone with a legal background from the US?
  
Is there no law against hacking a foreign national (in a non-allied nation) that's a member of a known terror group?
Parallel to this article, isn't a dark web propaganda site an oxymoron? I thought the purpose of a propaganda site was to be seen in order to spread biased information. No one's going to see it unless they want to. 
I tried so hard to find isis propaganda on duck duck goose but I couldnt. 
Stuff like this is why it usually takes me a few minutes to realize I'm not looking through /r/writingprompts anymore.
How does one get to the dark web?
Replacing propaganda of western influence with actual western influence. I dig it. So does ISIS
I heard that Al-Quada just bombed key ISIS leaders. At this rate, ISIS will make enemies of every single organization on this planet. 

People say that you can't kill ISIS because it's an ideology. Doesn't seem like it's too hard when you have a multinational force dedicated to wiping it off the face of the earth.
I hope the advertising works on at least one of them.
This is a misleading title, the message and advert didnt really have anything to do with eachother because the ad was for a pharmacy, not the drug itself.
Disappointed, should have put porn on of naked women driving cars while beating men.
That awesome feeling when something that scares you a little goes after something you think is deserving :D
Oh well that's just racist and intolerant, interfering with muslim's freedom of religion rights (which trump all other rights, because those rights are racist).
Poor FBI might have to do some real police work now, instead of relying on twitter feeds. 
It would be cool if they replaced all the hyperlinks on the site with a script that replaced all of the user's pictures with gay pigs. 
gotta love Anonymous
cyanide is better, for them.

Why don't these hackers do something more useful.

For example, hack the site to look the same but put up a reason for bad guys to contact the site and then forward IP and other info to the authorities.

I'm all for hilarity but ill exchange that for social good.
You know why they aren't calm? Religion, imperialism and sexual repression. 
Islam just needs to get laid.
Interesting how the pro-anonymous articles shoot to the top. https://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/3u3vky/anonymous_list_of_isis_accounts_wildly_inaccurate/
Not the smartest message, clearly demonstrating mindless *"western decadence and mind-control drugs"* isn't how you convert someone who is being told these things are bad.

There are many messages which could have been placed there, which may have actually had positive outcomes instead of making stronger, further convinced, enemies.
Seriously thought this dark web stuff was a conspiracy. How the heck do you Dark Web. Is it part of an ISP package I can ask for? 
Should have put a few client sides on there first. But still good job.

If ISIS is anything like an angry woman telling them to "calm down" should yield fantastic results
I feel like these actions only stoke the fire and could potentially make it worse. Breaking the site and making it unusable is a better approach IMHO. 
I was hoping would be to post the actual teachings of the year, yes.
Lol that's a good one
I wish they would hack the money trial and put the spotlight on all those who are funding them wherever they are.
"Quick, ISIS, eat a Snickers! You're not you when you're hungry."
This makes me happy
They should've put the pic of the large black woman pointing at the viewer with the caption "Ya'll motherfuckers need to chill".
Wow, clever. I hope they keep it up and make it obvious to ISIS how much of a homicidal freak group they are. 


This is all I could think of. I'm so ashamed. [Sucks to be you](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1GIz4-KcPNo)
Fighting terrorism, one anti-depressant at a time.
Hahaha! That'll show them!
That auto-playing robot expo video was pretty cool.
Just sent them a huge care package filled with a hundred thousand Prozacs and this will all go away.
Why not get info from the server to identify who is running it in real life?
I'm not saying it's more or less impressive but I find it hypocritical that you criticize one scenario and not the other. Clearly these criticisms are not founded on how impressive one groups actions are in comparison to another's 
Wish they'd do this to those knuckleheads in Irving.
Prozac is great at first but it stops working after a couple months.
...because telling an upset person to calm down always works.
It's amazing how anon switched from fighting the banks to fighting isis.
TIL Hackers read reddit

How about some porky pig action?
They say Ghost Sec is "unaffiliated with the counter-terrorism organisation Ghost Security Group". Are they sure about that? 
This is funnier than /r/funny

I wish they would all take some prosaic or Valium.
This would have been a really good time for that "gay bomb" the Pentagon pursued for a while to have been successful/used.

Oh, and give them viagra, not prozac.

Why not Valium or Haldol? 
nice, take down isis propaganda while raking in that sweet advertising cash
I use to send pamphlets of Valtrax the herpies medicine to a friend's house. His mom asked him if he needed to see a doctor. I use to also have the LDS go to his for him. That one bit me in the ass. Cause I was there when they showed up. Had to listen to them talk. His parents were not happy with me.
I heard pharmaceuticals weren't really the problem. Most of their fighters are stoned when they're out there. 
[That's an important message.](http://cdn.meme.am/instances/500x/56810028.jpg)
These fuckers are going to start murdering innocents in response to the anonymous attacks 
By adding the ads to the site selling meds, didn't the hacker actually create an IP address leak of the people visiting the .onion site?
How much did Prozac pay for the product placement?  I kid, I kid....but seriously, they should have paid something.
It might be sensible to use their propaganda page to explain to 'visitors' looking for that kind of propaganda that there are other options than to give in to hate and anger. That innocent people need not die, and that that is not the message either the Koran or any other holy book supports. Perhaps give verses from the Koran that speak against that which ISIS is doing. 

Use your abilities as a weapon, not a joke.
Yes! Thank goodness.
Oh man. They sure got 'em/
Does this mean that Anonymous can crack the deepwebs anonymity? I thought the tor network was this impenetrable place where even the FBI had a hard time catching the bad guys.
I guess lulz are better than nothing. Anonymous is on the right side of the fight but their reach is limited. With more leadership, organization and skilled hackers, they could do more to block funding and disrupt weapons deals. Maybe they will improve with time and become the freedom fighters of our generation
[ISIS full of Red Knights] (http://i.imgur.com/JTAjDRR.jpg)
that's cute

"Calm down, have a McRib!"
Anyone know if it was claimed by Anonymous? I know they declared war on them.
Prozac owes 4chan many donations now.
High-fives all around to the hackers! Keep up the good work! 
I feel like the developers for the website this article links to said "How can we make the most annoying and frustrating website?"
Would be funnier if [serotonin theory wasn't "wrong"](http://www.boston.com/bostonglobe/ideas/articles/2008/07/06/head_fake/?page=full).
Interesting to note that "enhance your calm" is Twitter's message for HTTP error code 420, which they invented and which is returned when you break their API's rate limiting. So whoever did this is most likely employed as a web dev somewhere, as that's how you would learn about it.
What ever happened to the "Sunday attacks" they forwarded information on? Did it turn out to be credible or did Anonymous just stir up more fear for nothing by releasing event names?
Pornhub would have a more calming effect than Prozac.  just saying.
I keep thinking... Why didn't they setup a honey trap? Why aren't these guys relaying messages and information back to the FBI/CIA/NSA? 

It seems like there could be SO much more damage done, besides hurting their feelings. 
Is the author the kid from Home Alone?
Wow, what a victory, their website was hacked. 
anyone got the .onion or .i2p address?
Cool, though maybe try a mkre convincing messege next time
Ya. That'll show them. 
The irony is that many of the online drug operations like in that banner ad are actually funding terrorist groups.
beter track banks transfers, and make them and who ever operete with them loose all money.
I wonder what kind of people on a watch list for visiting it.
Anyone can claim to be some serious motherfuckers who post there and reload the page look the same concepts.
Why would ISIS have a propoganda site in the deep web? Are they hoping to enlist hackers? 
You know at some point Anon's gonna go too far and Isis will target the one vulnerability they have: the lulz cows. They've been doxxed by anonymous already so it'd be easy for some habib mofo or disaffected white hipster to hunt down chris_chan and then what guys?  
I can read Arabic, the website they took down (reading from the pic in the article) says its not an official website for ISIS. Probably a fan made website, progress nevertheless.
Nature is cool. that fits in their narrative of the article i think history proves that counter-arguments dont do to them?
LISTEN TO THE WOMAN, JOHN
All that anti-privacy advertising technology could be more productive to slightly manipulate the data?
Excuse me if I sound stupid, but how exactly do you bring down a dark web site successfully. Would they not have several programs masking ip, and programs that would not let them be ddosed? 
Wonder if Prozac sales will go up as a result
ITT: /r/worldnews crowd.
I really wish it was replaced it with a snickers bar ad
Nice try Prozac marketing team
Kind of a weak troll, to be honest...
r/hailcorporate?
Thanks, internet news headline for anon, for spreading the word that big pharmacy has the answers to all the worlds problems... 
itd be better to put gay porn on all their sites
Why doesn't the Tor website shut down?
Fuck you IBT for auto play video :\
&gt;Ghost Sec, a faction of the hacktivist collective Anonymous (unaffiliated with the counter-terrorism organisation Ghost Security Group)

I thought Ghost Security Group was the rebranded Ghostsec?  
Hitler as the Time Person of the article never refreshed and assumed the banner was part of the ocean.
Civilians attack Isis. Great idea. I can't imagine whom Isis will retaliate against. 
While hacktivism is nice and all, I can't help but think that if these guys were able to compromise the site, so were American and European national intelligence agencies.

And if that's the case, there's a chance that they interfered with an ongoing investigation intended to ensnare the site operators.

IMO, it'd be much better to simply inform the FBI of the site and any known vulnerabilities.
&gt;The dark web is often confused with the deep web, which is a vast section of the surface internet not indexed by search engines such as Google. The deep web comprises around 95% of the internet.

Holy shit balls. TIL
I mean I dont think they really care
ELI5: What is the dark web

P.S: I know google exists, I want a human answer :)
So we can only get to the dark web with tor now? Smh
I'm all for trolling, but it would have been better if they wrote a more thoughtfull explanation on everything wrong with ISIS. Now they will just redirected to another site, versus fighting them ideologically. ( maybe could have posted verses from Quran, hadith etc...  Explaining what's wrong)
In his "personal experience" anon attacks have interfered with counter terrorism. Yet Americas interference in EVERYTHING overseas actually creates the terrorism we have today. How are these people so dense?
Ya know, if they are going to take down a propaganda website why not put a real fucking message up in its place.  Maybe put some pictures or videos of some of the gruesome acts ISIS is committing.  Instead they put internet jokes?  Fucking childish.

EDIT: Alright, I get it maybe the pictures/videos of violence aren't the best thing to post instead.  I just think the sarcastic jokes are a childish wasted opportunity.
Someone tell Michael Smith to go fuck himself, if Anonymous didn't do this then nobody fucking would. He claims it can be considered "interference" but if it weren't for anonymous nothing would be done about there accounts and sites. What a fucking asshat.
cant grasp that the dark web is 95% of the internet
...this is the dark web. couldn't they just skip the middleman and sell them Prozac right there?
Hackers violates privacy laws to fight terrorism and they're heroes. NSA violates privacy laws to fight terrorism and they're fucking evil.
You sheep are so easy. 
honestly, i think this isn't a good thing
hacking them and taking down their websites removes information that could be useful to authorities.
there's another group that's just spying on these sites. gathering information and passing it along.
i feel like that's a better idea tbh
It's funny that hackers while being adept at technology sometimes are obtuse about politics, who do they think Isis is/came to be? 
Anonymous's 'war' is nothing but laughable. Their actions do not deface isis... Neither themselves.
I bet the agencies that were covertly monitoring these sites love when people fuck up their operation. Thanks, vigilantes. 
It's really annoying when hackers break into websites.

Whoevers site this is, just PM me and I can give you some more hackerproof hosting.
You realize that Isis's #1 recruitment takes place over twitter right? So unless anonymous can shut down twitter their not really doing anything.
[deleted]
The problem is that the hackers are messing with some seriously committed people - the kind that will murder absolutely random people given an opportunity.

If any of the hackers get identified (or even misidentified as the hackers), it won't be loss of computer privileges and two weeks of  t.v. It will be beheading for them and their families, and a bomb waiting for the first responders. 

Do they not realize that if it's "easier" for the government to get in, it's going to be "easier" for everyone? 
Hillary.  Always on the side of establishment elites.   A 20th century mind lost in the 21st century like most "leaders". 
Why is this so hard for politicians to understand:

**If you insert backdoors into encryption then the bad guys will quite simply avoid those tools and use the myriad of other available options that are either already open-source and freely available or will get products that are created outside of the jurisdiction that has imposed these regulations.**

Only ordinary people who don't know any better are going to get screwed here. Criminals aren't going to bat an eye at this load of shit whether it passes or not. *That* is the reality.
And with all her knowledge, please explain how this backdoor will only be circumvented by "official and legal" means. 

Anyone who knows anything about security will tell you, if you allow a backdoor, then that is another point of weakness that can be exploited. 

Since our police and law enforcement agencies use the weakest security, and least technologically trained agents, where does the secure part come in. 

Does she really think the detective on the streets, the one actually needing the access, will have a clue how to keep that data safe just inside their chain of custody. They lose evidence all the time, how is data going to be any better, you cannot steal physical evidence via the internet though.  

So after we have given you the backdoor, who will protect it once you get your hands on it, so its not just a backdoor, we are going to need an entire industry built around keeping the data safe. 

This sounds more like the start of a new department, something along the lines of Data Land Security or such. Another way to suck our tax dollars into the abyss, and for what, so they don't have to do real police work, they can just sit on their asses, collect random data sets and use that as they see fit. 

Maybe its just me. 
And people wonder when I say that I don't see a tremendous difference between Hillary and the GOP on the top issues for me. 

She's just as okay as any pro-establishment with selling out personal freedom and liberties for "security"  
She knows what encryption is?  The person that didn't know someone could have 2 email addresses on a single device??? C'mon man
The Paris bombers supposedly used unencrypted SMS to coordinate. Let's get to the point to where we can detect that before we worry about encrypted systems? Maybe?
But don't worry guys you have to vote for Hillary because Republicans will do things that you don't want to do. just like Hillary will do things you don't want to do. Hillary is a Republican from the 90's. Not a dem 
'Backdoors in encryption' means: you might as well not encrypt anything for all the good it will do.
Doesn't matter. Hillary's 2016 campaign slogan will just read.

'I'm not republican!'
That's like outlawing tread on car tires to make getaway drivers easier to catch.
Can anyone explain in layman's terms what encryption is? I feel dumb for not knowing but I don't know a lot about technological terms
I really wish John McAfee's Cyber Party was a thing.  So much.
Vote Bernie Sanders. 
And blind Hillary supporters still praise her. I don't get it.
Hilary is a can't. 
Remember that time the terrorists used [unencrypted messages](http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2015/11/paris-police-find-phone-with-unencrypted-sms-saying-lets-go-were-starting/) to coordinate an attack in Paris, [Pepperidge Farms remembers](http://i.imgur.com/oa7UeU5.png).
Are people still actually considering voting for Hillary? 
I would very much like to see how Bernie Sanders weighs in on the issue.
&gt; Clinton acknowledged in her comments Thursday that there were risks to weakening encryption, citing "legitimate concerns" about "creating new vulnerabilities that bad actors can and would exploit."

What a clickbait headline
And yet she has/had her own private email server to avoid sensitive data getting into the wrong hands... What a tool.
After Wall Street her top donors are the war industry. She's a Margret Thatcher.
TLDR Hilary Clinton wants to destroy the entire tech industry and millions of tech jobs. 
The woman doesn't even understand how email works. Why is anyone listening to her about encryption?
please god let Bernie win the nomination.
Do these people just not understand how technology works?  You can't stop people from using effective encryption.  You might be able to put a backdoor into a device with *built-in* encryption like a smartphone, but if someone just develops their own encryption communication software, you're fucked.  Nothing you can do about it.

And B), while we're at it, let's ban window blinds, because they make it harder for police to see if people are committing crimes inside their own homes.
As much as I am so not a republican, this lady is probably as far right as a Democrat can get and nothing more than a corporate shill.
And this from the person who doesn't trust the government she's a member of to store her own work emails; set the irony meter to "blow."
YEAH! GO HILLARY! keep on saying things that guarantee I won't vote for you! WOOO. I wasn't going to in the first place. but you just keep ensuring that fact.
Funny how she hides her emails on her personal server, but she wants backdoors into everyone else's stuff.
Hilary really doesn't want my vote.
What pisses me off is that she continues to repeat the same misleading statement that "Silicon Valley sees the gov as its adversary".

It's not Silicon Valley that sees the gov as its adversary, but the gov who sees Silicon Valley as its adversary. The gov is the one that actively tries to break into Silicon Valley companies - it's not the companies that try to steal from the government. Google, Yahoo and Facebook found their networks was being spied on and hacked by the NSA, and Clinton has the nerve to say that "Silicon Valley shouldn't see the gov as its adversary".
Hillary cannot be trusted
I'm genuinely confused why Hillary is considered a democrat at all. Everything she does screams republican to me.
I really can't believe anyone would vote for her.  I am not trying to be funny, I seriously cannot understand how an intelligent person would consider her an option for president.
Its funny she's against encryption when she went to such lengths to keep her email private 
"Miss Clinton, could you please say something other than 'Yeah, what Bernie said! 9/11!' " 

"Uh... uh.... I think that the internet should be ruined, and nobody gets any privacy!"

"Wrong answer, bitch."
Congrats Hillary, you just lost my vote, and it's distasteful to use the Paris attacks as a reason to push different agendas. 

If you show your emails... I'll show you mine ;) 
Well, there goes any ambiguity I had about liking/disliking Hillary... 
I am going to go ahead and hint that I don't support Hillary Clinton.
Glad I saw this before I got a call today asking for campaign donors. Not going to happen.
Encryption with a backdoor is no longer encryption, plain and simple.
I really dislike her, she is a for hire cunt really. sad state of this country when you start to think that she probably will win against Sanders.
Hillary sounds just like Jeb Bush on this.  (D)s and (R)s......two heads on the same corporate sponsored monster.
Hillary Clinton is not the Liberal she pretends to be.
y'know, if bad guys want to perform evil acts, the first thing they'd do is most likely acquire information about the people that might prevent their plans succedding? like the police, fire department, and normal people on the street that might or might not hinder the plans... 

meaning a stance against public-use-encryption is literally a stance for terrorists to acquire information. I wouldn't put it past terrorists to use all information at their disposal to commit their acts of terror.

meaning hillary wants terrorists to have accesss to our social media accounts to plot where we are so they can do the most damage.

Hillary is literally helping terrorists.
This isn't about terrorists. It's about controlling a large global population. 

Today, almost any person can create a cypher so complex that the sum total of all the computing power on earth couldn't crack it in any reasonable amount of time. You think terrorists don't know this? You think people who have very good reasons to encrypt messages don't know this? 

This isn't a political issue because our leaders want to know about terrorist communications. It's an issue because our leaders don't want this to be widely used. 
Hillary is an authoritarian. Authoritarians, left and right, are the real problem in politics, pretty much always. 
Can we stop pretending democrat means liberal now?
Come on, people. I think we're forgetting some very important points here. There's some critical nuances to this issue, such as:

1. 9/11
2. Women
Now she became officially unelectable. Can it be that there really is only one candidate with more braincells than absolutely needed for bodily function is in this race?
This is despicable. I hope the nation understands the eventual destruction of our country if she is elected. 
Every time she speaks she makes me less and less likely to want to vote for her if she becomes the presidential nominee.
I just can't imagine all the fucked up shit this woman would do if she became President that would forever remain a secret.
You're a fucking moron if you trust Hillary Clinton.  Everybody knows this.  I don't understand how she's even relevant. 
Once you put a backdoor in, no one can trust it. You can't even trust it, because someone else is going to be smarter than you and find it too and then all bets are off.
Perhaps they should focus on the unencrypted intelligence and the failures in communication etc before anyone worries about this? Seems to me it would be time better spent, cause the worlds security forces can't even handle the easy stuff.
What the heck. Adding backdoors to encryption is the most stupid idea ever. Seriously- Encryption is the only truly secure technology we have, everything else is hackable... And they want to get rid of that? Seriously, as soon as a backdoor is found, and it will be found very quickly if one is made, cyber-terrorism will go through the roof... Identity theft, privacy breaches, and so on will suddenly become way more common.
Nearly everyone has pointed out that a backdoor would leave us all wide open to criminals and foreign governments but I think the real issue is that there's no way to keep some hacker in Eastern Europe from selling secure software to the bad guys.   Why does the government want to create a situation in which only the terrorists have secure communication?
She gains nothing from a leftist stance on this, as Bernie already has the internet vote locked up.
You know those posts you wanna downvote rather than upvote because you're angry at the person who is being posted about, and not the OP? This is one of them.
You read her emails. Now it's her turn to read yours. 
If mandatory back doors get put in communication systems, then who's to say that the NSA wouldn't get hold of everything like they used to? I know that metadata was made legal to collect, but why wouldn't they abuse their authority (even if they aren't now) and start listening to every conversation again?
Dis.............Qualified!!!
what is Bernie Sanders' position on encryption backdoors?
In other news, I support putting small holes in the bottom of sailing ships. 
Is anyone else surprised that Hillary Clinton embodies everything to do with stripping Americans of their rights?
Won't be voting for her.  Was hoping Biden would run... oh well.  
I really dont give a fuck about what she says or does anymore and neither should anyone else.
Maybe they should focus on monitoring the unencrypted data first. 
She had me at 'backdoor' :-$
Why the *fuck* do any *thinking* people still want to vote for her over Sanders?!?  

Is this real?  Or is this some fake news bullshit story, because this sounds too stupid to be real.  You can't even *make up* stuff worse than this to say about her!
She's made it abundantly clear that she does not want my vote. In fact, she's leaving me with a big problem if she wins the primary. I'm no longer sure I can vote for her even to keep Trump out of office, which is fucking terrifying!
Is she trying to help Bernie Sanders?
Sanders is the only rational choice in this election. Even if you disagree with his views, he is the only candidate that isn't bought and paid for. Plus he is the single senator that voted against the patriot act.
Anyone but Hillary. 

Ok, not Carson...
They already have unfeathered access to almost every modern phone in existence. 

* [The NSA has nearly complete backdoor access to Apple's iPhone](http://www.dailydot.com/politics/nsa-backdoor-iphone-access-camera-mic-appelbaum/)
* [The NSA Has Inserted Its Code Into Android OS, Or Three Quarters Of All Smartphones](http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2013-07-09/nsa-has-inserted-its-code-android-os-bugging-three-quarters-all-smartphones)
* [NSA Has Full "Back Door" Access To iPhone, BlackBerry And Android Smartphones, Documents Reveal](http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2013-09-08/nsa-has-full-back-door-access-iphone-blackberry-and-android-smartphones-documents-re)
* [How the NSA (may have) put a backdoor in RSA’s cryptography: A technical primer](https://blog.cloudflare.com/how-the-nsa-may-have-put-a-backdoor-in-rsas-cryptography-a-technical-primer/)

Now they want to break encryption standards so they can have even more unfeathered access? Time to switch over to twofish. 
I guess NSA access has not been worth shit. How many times did mass surveillance stopped a terrorist plots? [ZERO!](http://www.washingtonsblog.com/2013/10/nsa-spying-did-not-result-in-one-stopped-terrorist-plot-and-the-government-actually-did-spy-on-the-bad-guys-before-911.html)
I typically vote Democratic party, because I like that they have a better track record on economics, and well, almost every other metric one might consider. Though the Dems are corporate, they are the lesser of two evils.

Hillary seems like she'd be a great administrator, and while poor with Charisma, she's about the smartest person in the room with domestic economics and foreign relations. I'm sure Republicans will argue this, but then again, this is a critique from people who allege they care about the economy, and yet still vote Republican.

However, this stance of Hillary's on electronic spying is why I can't vote for her -- it's typical of her establishment view. The enemy is NOT terrorism. More people die of the flu each year, terrorism in the scheme of things is a nuisance. In fact, fewer people on average likely died during the recent Boston bombings, just by shutting down traffic for a few days.

No, the real enemy is either corporate power or people power. Choose a side, but don't pretend you can be on both sides. 

If you really want to stop terrorism, empower people and help build society rather than spy on it. If you alienate people, they'll always find ways to communicate outside of where you are looking. They'll send messages on pigeons if they have to.
Dear Hillary: Mind your own business, for once. #nonannysforpresident
So we can use said backdoor to her personal email server. Then she can't hide anything 
Hillary is just supporting big government, as democrats do.
But she'll still be president, because she's a woman. And the gullible college liberals will vote for her thinking she's a _"progressive"._
For the love of God, do not let this lady ever win a presidential election. 
Fuck Hillary, she can go suck a dick. Wait, she doesn't do that.
Bet she doesn't support backdoors to private email servers...
Kinda hate Hillary. Please don't let her be the democratic candidate America ;-; -love, 18 year old girl excited to vote
Meanwhile Ben Carson is saying that if the feds don't have a massive database tracking all Americans that 'we are doing it wrong'. 
Can Hillary be any more of a devil? It's funny how the media hates Trump, therefore everyone parrots the media and hates him, yet here we have the real scumbag, Hillary, who gets nothing but love from the media.
Hillary doesn't hint anything. Hillary is an extremely strong supporter of setting up an authoritarian, Mass Surveillance Police State for domestic political control.

She has obviously read George Orwell's 1984.
She likes backdoor. Confirmed. 
;) 
The only problem security agencies are facing today is that they get too many data to handle. France received concrete tips from the Turkish and American agencies but simply were unable to process that information in time. 

Just consider how few attacks we're seeing in the west. Either they are prevented a lot, or the IS folks really aren't all that interested in attacking Europe.
This coming from the person that went to great lengths to hide her state emails from the state?
She is either technology-stupid or just dishonest.

On second thought,  almost certainly both.
Just lost my vote.
If you vote for Hilary you are a moron
Please don't vote for this piece of garbage.  Even trump is a better choice.
You know what? I'm sick of this. I would LOVE to call the bluff of these ignorant oiks trying to make laws on a system they have absolutely no understanding about. Let's do it. Let's just drop ALL security measures for a day. 

Easy browsing for the NSA, right? NO possible fall-out WHATsoever for introducing flaws in security, right? Fine. Have a day with all that shit implemented and see how fast EVERYTHING falls over. 

Good grief. All I ask - *all* I ask is that the person who is legislating has at least a PhD in that field. If not, shut up, sit down and drop fucking dead. Please.
Bernie 2016.  
That’s your answer.
If [Anonymous is more than capable to acheive successful CT investigations](http://www.rawstory.com/2015/11/hacker-collective-anonymous-claims-isis-has-plans-for-more-attacks-on-sunday/) from the comforts of their own darkened bedrooms without any "help" from legislation to weaken our encryption capabilities, there's no reason the intelligence gathering agencies can't do the same. This is merely nothing more than campaign rhetoric in order drum up more support. 

Here's another example for why politics in America need a serious overhaul. Capitalizing on the fear that resulted from a tragedy in Paris in order to gather more support and votes for an election campaign by pushing an agenda towards a technology issue that had no bearing on the event, but spun to make it seem so.
US Govt: all US based companies must have back doors in their systems. 
US companies: we will change our country of incorporation so we aren't bound to these requirements. Oh and we will have an even lower tax bill and there's nothing you can do about it. 
US Govt: we have less money coming in via taxes because all the largest companies moved their bases out of the US and we still can't require them to have back doors. 
Hilary Clinton doesn't know shit about information technology, information security,  computer networking, or encryption and its applications.  

Also the government has no business forcing companies into coding in back doors to consumer and business products.  If it happens then the American IT industry will suffer greatly and a large number of people will lose their jobs. And at the same time foreign powers will see explosions in IT and consumer electronics development.
Just as gun enthusiasts feel the need to stockpile and protect munitions, so must we feel the need to stockpile and protect cryptographic technology.

Remember kids, AES is quantum safe 👌
How the fuck is she even in consideration?
Oh Hillary. For us girls, you were the *chosen* one. Maybe your daughter will turn out to be a better person. 
Hillary Clinton is not a democrat or even a liberal. History has shown her to be corporatist to the core. 
I think Clinton is showing she is a poor canidate. Its not a matter of issues, its a matter of who she picks to advice her.  The president is one person, the presidency is the work of thousands. The one key skill for the president, IMHO, is their ability to choose good people around them. Making the right decisions based on the right data from smart people who understand with what they are dealing is far more important than the ideological on which they view choices. 

The most blatant error of this skill I remember is McCain choosing to run with Sarah Palin. But I am becoming convinced Clinton is just as bad at this critical skill. 
It's like Hillary Clinton is the physical embodiment of the TPP -- as many monied interests pumping her full of their pet policy interests in exchange for copious amounts of cash.

She is literally the biggest prostitute in the history of humanity.
I swear to god if you kids don't get out to vote. I'm showing up at your houses.
I will not vote for Hillary.  I'll vote for a third party candidate if it comes down to it.  
Sanders 2016
I wonder if bill backdoored her encryption?
It's an unfortunate position to take, but she is still better on this issue than Rubio, who was even against stopping NSA bulk metadata collection. So I'm still gonna vote for her.
Its why this Liberal will never vote for this craven individual. 
That bitch is pure evil.
What about those emails, bitch?
Of course she does. If a corporation with money supports it, Hillary supports it. She doesn't give a fuck about you and your opinions.
If one person has a key, anybody can theoretically take that key and do what they will, give it to people who themselves have ill intent. Wasn't there a story a while back about somebody making off with the TSA's TSA-safe luggage lock key? It isn't too hard for a back door to be abused.
I'd be for backdoors in encryption if the NSA and other Intelligence Agencies were so god damn dishonest. They're told to take down the email collection. The say they did, but instead they shuffled it off to a different agency that with less oversight.

Look, I expect them to lie. I just don't expect them to be so god damn blatant and uncaring when they get caught. They have no damn fear of the people anymore. The acidic level of government has reached a point where the will of the people is no longer a barrier against governmental bad behavior.

Any politician pushing to make data gathering easier for the government should be considered an enemy of the people.
&gt; "easier for the government"

Yeah. *Just* the government. And only for law-enforcement. We can guarantee that. Honest.
I bet she's going to head over to the NSA HQ and just tell them to cut it out.
What the hell does she know about encryption, she didn't even know what a server was. 
Here's the thing:
A backdoor doesn't know it's just for the government. You build one, and you require court orders and shit to access it, sure. But then there's a leak or some shit and then all of a sudden every criminal has a backdoor to all your secure information.
A corrupt politician evaluating technology she does not understand. 
Ugh. Please let this woman not ever make it to the White House.
I knew we couldn't trust her 
She's scummy
She might as well be a republican at this point.
I can't be the only redditor genuinely conflicted on these issues, can I?

On one hand, privacy matters... on the other hand, I want the good guys to have the ability to track the bad guys... but when you start drawing lines things get complicated. 
Dammit, America. Please don't elect this loser.
What else can be expected of a mafioso type politician 
Step 1: Import Muslim terrorists for diversity

Step 2: Demand backdoors and surveillance in everything to "protect" us from terrorists

Step 3: ???

Step 4: Tell liberals the evil doers in this world are people trying to make a profit
Sorry, no. I don't trust our government and not because of any conspiracy theory. I just know how incompetent they are with personal data and breaches and hacking, they're just inept.
What a fucking snake. 
Fuck Hillary.
Just because Hilary likes to get backdoored, doesn't mean the rest of us have to.
Vote repulican. Less state. Less stupid regulation. More constitution and protected rights of the individual.

Of course, here in reddit republicans are their worst nightmare, but that's only in their pathetic liberal imagination.

The left has ever been against freedom. The left supported genocide. The left hates independence and free individuals.
Of course she does. She's part of the system stripping our civil liberties. 
You are a probably a poor person. You, reading this. Even if you're financially secure, chances are you are part of the lower class. WHY IN THE FUCKING WORLD would you vote for Hillary Clinton?
fuck this dumb bitch
This is a bullshit headline.  Clinton did not hint that she supports backdoors in encryption.  Rather, she briefly summarized both sides of the issue, said that both sides had legitimate concerns, and said that we need to find a solution.

[Here's what she actually said](http://www.cfr.org/radicalization-and-extremism/hillary-clinton-national-security-islamic-state/p37266):

&gt; Another challenge is how to strike the right balance of protecting privacy and security. Encryption of mobile communications presents a particularly tough problem. We should take the concerns of law enforcement and counterterrorism professionals seriously. They have warned that impenetrable encryption may prevent them from accessing terrorist communications and preventing a future attack. On the other hand, we know there are legitimate concerns about government intrusion, network security, and creating new vulnerabilities that bad actors can and would exploit. So we need Silicon Valley not to view government as its adversary. We need to challenge our best minds in the private sector to work with our best minds in the public sector to develop solutions that will both keep us safe and protect our privacy. Now is the time to solve this problem, not after the next attack.
fuck off shillary
Clipper 2.0 here we come. 

Someone please dust off the cypherpunks mailing list, we need it back. 
hillary clinton is a corrupt fraud.  Vote Sanders !!! 
she's a fraud 
If Bernie doesn't win, we're fucked. 
And this is just one of many reasons that if she died right this second I wouldn't she'd a tear. She is the establishment and people who don't recognize that or simply refuse to do so are absolute cunts
She should probably just shutup for the next 12 months if she wants to be president.
Hilary is usually on the wrong side of Technology and Information policy.  Bernie is usually on the correct side.
[deleted]
Classifying strong encryption as a munition didn't work in the 1990s, why would anyone think weakening encryption via legislation would work 20 years later? The Rijndael cipher (AES) is public knowledge. 
Law enforcement really isn't that great at investigations, anyway.  Private investigators I have some respect for, ya know ?   They can use tools the government isn't even allowed too by their own standards.
If the government has any backdoor access it should be widely disclosed. So more of a side door. If they insist that they have access fine, just make sure that we have the option to not participate.  It's the secret part that offends me. If law enforcement agencies have legitimate need and a warrant that's ok. But when they just look at anything they want to hoping to find something I have a problem with them. 
I think we should start making locks that can be broken easily with a prybar so that emergency services can more easily assist anyone inside that needs help. 

It's in the name of safety, right?
Curiously unrelated question for cryptographers, is it possible to encrypt a message so it looks like a completely different message? Then the person who has the cipher or public key could just decrypt it to become the original message?
And people wonder why voter turnouts are so low.
All the Clinton hate aside, does anyone have a solution, or should we not be monitoring potential threats? (Not talking about you, paranoid gun nuts. Unless you're *really* nuts.)
I wonder if this means she will remove the encryption used on her pc?
Doesn't she have a private server on her property with no network access built to prevent "backdoor access"?
As a moodily lit 1337 \#4xx0r with a balaclava, hoodie, and laptop, I wholeheartedly support this "backdoor" policy everyone will be forced to adopt. 
I bet she does support backdoor... Where was I going with this? Oh yeah, anal. Hillary likes anal. 
it's getting tiring listening to rhetoric telling others to decrease our own security in order to make **their** jobs easier
So, just to make sure I've got it right...

(a) Smash my balls wide open with a balpeen hammer 

(b) Stick a hot fireplace poker up my ass

...where:

a = Hillary 
b = any Republican 

That about right? 

(and yeah, seems like Bernie would be a better choice even if I don't totally love him, but reality doesn't look good for his chances) 
Having a tiny Muslim population operating freely in the U.S. allows the government to pull this shit, so the general public receives collective punishment.

The U.S. had an excellent, legal solution to this dilemma, back in WWII.  Sounds like its time to bring it back.
It's not that I am against the survailance. There is evil out there and I like to be protected by my government. The problem is that A) I don't trust them enough to not abuse this power and B) I don't think they are competent enough to do this correct.
will someone ELI5?
Proving yet again she know nothing about what she is talking about. Along with a slew of other politicians. 
Oh god.  There goes my dick pics.
Information Security expert here ... I'm crying from laughter.
does she understand that you can't just write a sign over a backdoor in code that say "for official use only" and expect that it won't be exploited by anyone who wants to seize data?

*Hillary pays lip service to someone's concerns before doing whatever her corporate backers tell her to. 
and bill clinton supports backdooring interns
Yeah, well, the problem is, (and I think this should be obvious to people in government by now) if there's a backdoor, anyone who finds it will exploit it.  So, in a very real way, it actually makes software vulnerable to organizations that can do a good job at hacking.
I don't see how this would even be enforceable to a degree where it would be effective against technology savvy "bad guys". 

Lets say they go all out to a ridiculous degree and make it illegal for any US entity to make encryption software/hardware without a back door, block the import of any software/hardware does not have it and even have every ISP block any foreign website that offers back door free encryption. Lets even pretend that passing such a law makes all existing encryption software/hardware in the US disappear. What is to stop a "bad guy" from opening up a Cryptography text book or reading the AES specification and implementing it him self for him and his buddies? You can't put the genie back in the bottle.
Xpeke for vice ppresident
Everyone should definitely take up at least one programming class in their lifetime. 
Why is encryption needed when you can just wipe it with a cloth?
Clinton's campaign did not respond to an email asking what, specifically, she thought should be done to address the perceived problem of encryption.

So she's either talking out of her ass and doesn't care, or doesn't know - and the consequences that go along with that.

Both are very bad for a policy maker with her power.
Does it matter? If the government wants it, it's going to happen.
what's the point of having an encryption if there is a backdoor? People can't have both ways with encryption. it's either 0 or 1.
Every exploit is a total exploit. 
Mass surveillance has never stopped one terrorist attack. Not one.
&gt; Naturally, the common people don't want war; neither in Russia nor in England nor in America, nor for that matter in Germany. That is understood. But, after all, it is the leaders of the country who determine the policy and it is always a simple matter to drag the people along, whether it is a democracy or a fascist dictatorship or a Parliament or a Communist dictatorship.

&gt;Voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same way in any country.

H Göring, 1946
Installing backdoors in encryption because terrorists might use it is like giving the police the keys to your house because criminals also lock their doors.
This is the level of sociopathy in our leadership, innocents get killed in cold blood and their deaths are viewed merely as a wedge to leverage propaganda.
The fun facts are, the Paris terrorists used unencrypted messages, and the head of them gave even an interview in Dabiq magazine.
Why the fuck are they continually dragging Snowdens name into it?  'Snowden' only exists because our nation is/was breaking its own laws to spy on its own citizens.  Fuck them.   He didnt tell terrorists how to spy, he told us how our government is illegally spying on us AND THEY'RE STILL CRYING ABOUT IT.  
  
I like it when they complain about something making their jobs tougher.  Surveillance isnt going to stop terrorism.  Know what will stop terrorism? Not pissing off a bunch of countries by playing "Sandbox War" in their backyards.
Honestly, if I were a Silicon Valley lobbyist (or whoever would try to push back on this kind of nonsense), I would simply get on a MSM station and say the following:

"If you're doing online banking, it should be you and your bank with no one else involved. If you're sending sensitive documents through email, it should be you and the recipient with no one else involved. This is encryption. It is not some terroristic threat to society. It is a secure technology that retains normal people's privacies. Remove it, and you instantly destabilize all electronic communications."
**Here's the really frightening thing**:

Most of the comments here side with the Greenwald/Snowden "position", but if you look at the comments on the [linked LA Times article](http://www.latimes.com/opinion/op-ed/la-oe-1126-greenwald-snowden-paris-encryption-20151126-story.html) the opposite is mostly the case. Tons of comments there that Snowden is a traitor, Greenwald is scum, the gov't loves us and wants to protect us, and so on. 

That there are that many people who are *so* misguided absolutely **terrifies** me
Russia handed the US the names, addresses, photo, and phone number of the boston bombers. The reasons for the success of the attack was not related to encryption, it was because of bureaucratic inertia just like the 911 flight school suspicions over the students who didn't want to learn how to land. The problem is the people.
"The real objective"? Silicon Valley built half of today's military in some way. Defense Secretary Ash Carter was there two months ago basically begging the industry to work more closely with him. The real objective is not to demonize Silicon Valley, not when they're dry-humping their leg like they are. 
I thought the French authorities said the Paris attackers were using Play Station chat features, not encrypted email. So Snowden is irrelevant here.
What is it with all this talk of 'backdoors'? Didn't we lock those decades ago?

I myself am more concerned with the bedroom window. Curtains just aren't enough these days.
Despite evidence supporting that the attacks were coordinated over run of the mill UNENCRYPTED SMS.
Actually silicon valley are terrorist heplers. They help our terrorist government spy on every single one of us.
Are there still people who think the right-wing politicians and organizations like the CIA are taking pains to be factual and sensible? Because obviously they'll do anything and say anything that furthers their agenda. Using a tragedy as a way to generate talking points that appear to support their wrongheaded conclusions is par for the course. 

In this case, they don't want encryption weakened because they worry about terrorists. They want encryption weakened so they can more easily eavesdrop on the average citizens. 

The total amount of deaths generated by Islamic terrorists is so small on a planetary scale as to basically count as a rounding error. Whatever effect they've had has been wholly psychological. The average citizen is vastly more likely to die from slipping in their bathtub than from any kind of directed violence, but they're not busy making laws on how to make bathrooms safer, they're busy making laws that give the ruling class greater insight into the citizenry and thus greater control over them. 

Can't have anyone come along and effect change that would upset the apple cart, better to ride the corpse of planet Earth into the grave than to actually change society into a sustainable and cooperation-based form where they no longer get to have 100 room mansions with hot and cold running hookers.
A backdoor access to one is a backdoor to all. How many miles do you think Russia or china has on Google?
So the only people that are actually affected by this invasion of privacy that is not in any bedroom!
Once they get into hardware it's really game over for privacy. Encryption can't do shit (I think) if they are grabbing what they want pre encryption. 

Honestly, I'm not convinced it isn't already happening.
This is finally starting to go too far. 
Even though many of us are capable of understanding the intricate level of political intrigue that goes on in the modern era, it's stuff like this that make you really hate people.  If anyone wants to know something that is "un-american" it's acts like this.
The problem with backdoor technology is that it is super fucking front door. 
All that campaign is aimed towards generic "voter", because to anyone technically savvy this all shows "intelligence" trying to cover up their incompetence. I wonder if anyone from the service petitioned germany during WWII to put a backdoor in Enigma machine "cause it isn't fair". Now it's not even as black and white as in my example, now they're saying "give up your freedoms and privacy because some of the people, who aren't even citizens, are assholes, and it's no fair cause it requires of us to actually work for the money we get."
Who would fall for this anyway? Plus, isn't this just conjecture by Greenwald? 
I can't trust anything Glen Greenwald says at this point.
Duh, and/or, Olà!
so many people dont get this. Whenever i address this topic with colleagues or friends i get the "why is this bad, i have nothing to hide" statement..it takes energy to explain but it must be done!
The CIA is scum.
But hang on, I thought we already knew the NSA had backdoors into everything anyway?  Wasn't that in the Snowden leaks?  What more is there to gain than what they've already got?
If you put backdoors into encryption you're giving criminals free access to all electronic communication between banks and customers,  and thus, give them access to all bank accounts, free to plunder them. Because there's no way that the government would have access to your communications, and criminal hackers not being able to crack it.

you know what else is a terrorist helper? giving them weapons.
The thing about unlocking a backdoor is that you never know who's going to come through it. I bet every politician who speaks out for this backdoor shit locks their doors when they go to sleep. Almost the same fucking thing. 
NSA's computing power can tackle encryption with ease. Encryption is more of a nuisance than a road block for such gov organisations.
Especially ironic since the Paris attackers communicated over unencrypted channels, and they were still not caught.
Governments are no longer necessary. Their frightened at their impending nationalistic, jingoistic demise.
Could France threatened to back out of the ttip agreement at end of September have anything to do with the Paris attack? Or am I conferring dots that don't exist.
These back doors are going to be hacked just like any other access point is hacked in a system. That's what these people aren't getting.
It's a dangerous precedent to rip up 4th amendment rights because "it supports terrorism". That just makes no common sense.
I have a question for Reddit. 

What is a bigger threat to the free world at the moment, the NSA or ISIS?

Either way, please enumerate the top offenses by each organization over the last year, to provide context to your argument. 
I have a VPN... I must be a terrorist... shit, I never knew.
[deleted]
Didn't the Paris attackers use basic text messaging type of communications? What are they gonna do, access every person's texts in the entire country with the premise that people are "gonna blow this shit up" is a real threat this time, unlike the other million times they saw it?

"Hey, going to hit the theater at 8." Yeah, totally gonna read that as a threat.
 I mean, did we really win WWII because there is a shit ton of Nazism going on in America?
I'm just here for the Snowden circlejerk.
Umm. Didn't the terrorist use plane old text messages? 
There is a lot of opinions on reddit that I don't agree with. However I don't see how any person ~~that calls themselves a conservative,~~ who is interested in upholding the principals of the constitution, can honestly say that we don't have a right to private conversations. Can honestly say Edward Snowden is a traitor. Bad things might, and will probably happen because a message was not able to be decrypted. I, for one, am not willing to let our government take that right away from us. This is how the terrorists win.
OKay, but why? 
o rly?
I'm not sure which is more scary. That the people in charge are acting out of ignorance or malice.
The silver lining about this is most politicians are older people who don't really know how the internet works so at least they're not tech savvy enough to create e oigh nonsense the average person is confused. Hell I'm 28 and basically browse reddit and porn and I know enough to not buy the bill of goods they're selling. 
No shit... well thanks, Capt Obvious.
i cant help but think that's a hilariously stupid tactic

"Yeah so you know those guys that control everything because its all digital now? lets fuck with them"
Or you know, just fuckin everyday free citizens  
What does orthogonal mean in this case it means they get a search warrant.
I'm sure at some point that plans were written on paper of some sort. You don't see the NSA trying to ban paper and pencils.
Nooooo, really? Nah, I don't believe it.
And i'm asking it again:


How are they expecting this to work with PGP encrypted E-Mails?
But all they want is doors that go up!
It's very convenient that both people making these statements are 'former' heads of their respective departments and thus are fairly free of accountability on behalf of the organizations. 
Just another group, business or organization that is using the resulting fear of a terrorist attack to it's advantage to achieve it's own agenda. Thanks Terrorists. 
The tpp will end this world of freedom and assure in an era of corporate rule.
What the fuck is going on when glenn greenwald starts making sense....ww3 must be coming.
I think this is obvious to anyone who subs to technology. Sadly, there are less tech-savy people who don't understand encryption and actually believe it's just something used by terrorists (even though we couldn't catch the Paris attackers while they plotted using plain SMS...) and they don't care if the government has a backdoor. They think Snowden is reason anyone can do anything terrible because that's what they're told. 

Actually, it's disgusting that governments would use a tragedy like what happened in Paris to push their agenda. But it's not at all surprising.
Why stop at cryptography? Why not disallow all technology to people they deem unworthy of it? *No, that processor is too fast and may be able to break encryption. You may not have it; Why do you need so much storage? You must be doing something illegal with it; That compiler is too good. Use a broken one so we can make sure that you're not breaking the law.*
I'm assuming none of these people have ever signed on to their online banking via https.
And they want us to believe they're against terrorism? Terrorism gives them everything they need.
Our government has a long standing tradition  of not being able to stop attacks here or abroad whenever it wants more power, or to go to war. 
I can't really take Greenwald seriously after seeing how dishonest his conduct with Sam Harris has been
Whereas the gun manufacturers couldn't possibly conceive of their AK47s winding up in the hands of terrorists...and you're a pinko commie should you even suggest it...
This is the first time since the Pairs attacks I've even heard of this.

I don't think the CIA needs to do this. Snowden has been great at smearing himself.
Didn't paris and Russia know of the attack for weeks and blew it off?
According to Snowden, but he's right, because this concept is clearly embedded in the treaties, once --the XYZ-- __once *any signatory nations'* government__ gets access to any kind of privilege, which includes any kind of back door, all of the nations signatory to these trade deals will all have to get access to equivalent back doors if they ask for it. 

Think about that for a minute.

This concept is also embedded in (these are formal legal definitions of carrots embedded in trade deals, things which countries bargain with one another for) "Most Favored Nation" and "National Treatment". 

Treatment of a nation's businesses cannot be "more burdensome than necessary to ensure the quality of the service". Denying back doors to one country while giving them to another is almost certainly not allowed. Trade deals intentionally leave anything having to do with moral judgement, human rights, etc. out. They have to or they would be forced to change terms of deals when they violated some human need or right, defeating their entire purpose, making those arguments impossible. 

So, the trade deals will allow firms from other countries to operate internationally as if they were a country's own firms, but they wont have to pay "prevailing wages" they will be able to pay their workers whatever way they want, into their home country bank account, so there will be no way to tell what they are being paid. It likely will be the going rate there.  But they will be working in developed countries. What this will mean is that many big IT firms (unless they are strictly doing secret work, which will exempt them) will likely be forced to move their main operations to countries with favorable regulatory environments. (meaning low wages and nonexistent worker protections) 
But they can't even catch terrorists with doors that are already "open." Lol wtf
I don't get it. Can someone ELI5 why the government and intelligence communities are suddenly all up in arms about encryption? It can't be because of Snowden, that was an insider leak. It can't be because they can't stop terrorist attacks, because they can. And even the ones the don't stop are not the direct result of unbreakable encryption. What am I missing here? 
I had a real confusing moment where I thought it was Glenn Beck who said this.  
Funny thing is that much of the communication between the Paris attackers was by very nonencrypted sms.
Of course when the multi-billion dollar surveillance state fails to stop a terrorist attack it will point the blame on anyone but themselves. It's the Muslim community's fault! It's because of encryption! 
I'll take 'no shit, sherlock' for $500, Alex.
It's because their stated intent.
The total amount of deaths generated by Islamic terrorists is so small on a lot more like being forced to leave an extra set of keys in their daily life, and will fight for what I believe in.
I suppose now we will have to cripple students technical educations too. 
He is consistently intellectually dishonest to get the data you originally shared with your local evil ISP.
Meanwhile the terrorists were using unencrypted SMS. Faux news, CNN and MSNBC is spreading misinformation. 
you do realize this is r/conspiracy that made it to top of r/politics

and you still want to say there is no real, serious, threatening conspiracies?
The only person talking about Snowden after Paris was Snowden and now greenwald.  They're narcissists, set on stay relevant when they aren't.  Snowden leaked documents to get famous and greenwald has always been a hack.  Now that they aren't in the regular cycle, time to inject themselves again.
nothing will be done by anyone.  
I heard the Paris attackers used non-encrypted means of communication, and were known as islamist extremists before commiting their atrocious crimes. One of the Terrorists also boasted about living in Belgium and planning future attacks in the IS magazin months before the attacks happened. I mean if the intelligence services are serious about their call against encryption and what not, they should at least be honest: We are unable to use existing data, the news or credible police information to find the needle in the haystack, so we would like everyone to stop using encryption to add a little bit more hay. Also, we are less interested in actual terrorists than we are in fucking with all your lives. 
And no talk about prying open the financial industry, who must help launder money for all sorts of evil motherfuckers. Old guard wants to fuck over the new, as usual.
It's all about the government getting every weapon it thinks it needs to target domestic threats to political rule -- the leaders of protest movements or a third party that's getting a little too successful.
Guys the attackers were on PS4s- they were shooting bullets in-game to form messages. We must shut down the playstation network. It's a backbone for terrorist communication.
No thought that American's privacy is something they should be protecting. 
Didn't the terrorists in the Paris attack use un-encrypted SMS mobile phone messages?  

Correct me if I am wrong, but you do not need to ban, or get backdoors into encryption if they are using Nokia 3210s.
I don't understand why they're pushing anymore. The cat is out of the bag. The secret to secure encrypted communications is already out, the programs are already available for free. What will they accomplish if they get a backdoor in future programs? People will just keep using the old programs with no backdoor. 
It is illegal for CIA to do anything domestically, so please CIA tell me more about how you're going to stop domestic terrorists with your domestic and illegal actions. 
Is he still supporting that burglar?
Edward Snowden is actually a piece of shit too though.
Oh yeah... it couldn't be the fact that he revealed detailed capabilities about what our government can and can't decrypt.  I'm sure this hasn't aided any of our enemies.
It's sad how openly blatant the Left has been about their open hatred to personal privacy and openly campaigning for a police state and they still have the backing of people, including the same businesses they are openly going after. It's like there's a serious disconnect between the fantasy Lefty dream and the reality they are pushing at the moment

And before the trolls show up, I'm not ignoring the right, just that the left are the ones in power and the ones blatantly lying top the public to push an anti freedom agenda 
Government 3 letter organizations are sketch
What Silicon Valley? Is that where Al Gore was when he invented the internet?
Well no shit, most intelligent people know this. It's very obvious to anyone who pays attention.
By that logic, lets arrest everyone who sells firearms legally in this country. They obviously help terrorists by giving out "hardware" that can kill people.
That's terrifying They'll do something similar to what is going on in the modern era, it's stuff like this with a global surveillance adversary; I can do more good with my life than working this job.
http://imgur.com/xqw7jkz
OK, this article is sufficent to tell me that CIA is behind everything. 

Regarding encryption Anonymous, have found that those behind e.g. Paris attacks didn't use encryption.
Yes of course its his fault.....jesus christ
You would be extremely shocked how incompetent high-ranking officials in the world would be extremely shocked how incompetent high-ranking officials in the IT industry.
I heard there are 60,000 Israeli citizens in Silicon Valley. Maybe the CIA is right.
[deleted]
Snowden and Greenwald have done irreparable damage to the security of the entire Western world. Blood is already on their hands and will continue to be for a long time to come. They should both spend the rest of their waking lives in prison. Downvote away!
Maybe I just read the wrong news, but this sub and the occasional r/worldnews comment section are the only places I even see Snowden mentioned.
Has a government actually blamed encryption for paris? Personally I've only seen reddit posts claiming that they have. 
So Silicon Valley is the new French.
I wouldn't mind back doors in everything if the government wouldn't abuse it to arrest people for small shit like piracy or small time drug use, or harassing you over having some fringe leftist stances on things. If I had to choose, I would choose a society with universal and full transparency at every step of it over one with strong privacy rights. It probably helps that I don't have a massive treasure trove of child porn on my computer though, which i'm pretty sure is why Reddit gets super bent out of shape over privacy; you don't have /r/jailbait be THE most popular subreddit and throw a e-riot over it being taken down if you aren't hankering for boning children.
Protecting my 4th amendment right is more important to me than saving innocent lives!
It will be a great day when reddit quits circle-jerking over every last syllable farted out by Glenn Greenwald.
All this fucking ISIS bullshit going on in the world, and you guys still give half a fuck about Snowden?

Thats pretty fucked.
Glenn Greenwald **LOVES** "backdoor" access!!!
Lets stop being politically correct. think about it:

How can you respect Snowden for how he handled his actions? 
He fled to Russia and China while claiming he leaked information because of privacy concerns and human rights, while neither of those countries respect privacy or human rights in the slightest. 

Then, and this is key - he revealed information about foreign surveillance programs, (the actual purpose of the NSA) something every nation does, and every nation needs this vital information!  and in doing so did considerable damage to both the American image abroad as well as foreign countries..  and, more importantly, the American intelligence community and foreign intelligence agencies, and by extension all aspects of American foreign policy. 


inc downvotes, but I like the idea of a mass surveillance program, in order to keep people safe. I don't however, like their target priority, or the current goals of NSA, how they operate, and the secrecy involved. Personally, I'd love to see every square inch outside of the home in NA covered under the watch of cameras and listening devices, just for the simple goal of making sure that not a single innocent man gets sent to jail, and being able to track down victims before they become corpses. 

Sorry but I think people's safety and lives takes precedence over privacy. People that believe heavily in freedom, often have very little understanding of causality. 
Edward Snowden deserves to be tried as a traitor against the US and her nato allies.  He's not a hero even if you like what he's linked he betrayed the US and stole data he gave away to our enemies he's already a villan 
It's ridiculous that in this day and age, people have to worry about their internet usage like it's some kind of limited resource.
This behavior is exactly why Comcast needs to be regulated like a public utility or we need to allow local governments to provide their own  broadband service. 

The market is structured in such a way as to give them (telecoms) an unfair advantage. 

Let me be clear. There are definitive economic benefits in allowing a company with incredibly high infrastructure costs to have a monopoly over a service area. In economics this is called [Natural Monopoly theory](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Natural_monopoly). This prevents the duplication of efforts, and allows for a more efficient use of resources, avoiding [problems like this](https://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/s--2_HclPN8--/c_fill,fl_progressive,g_north,h_358,q_80,w_636/lgpoxpq2odq4bdbqaf3x.jpg) and [this](http://www.uh.edu/engines/nycandwires.jpg) (early 20th century NYC), where countless companies have overlapping, redundant infrastructure. 

Due to the market power this gives a company, they must also be heavily regulated in order to prevent them from taking advantage of their customers. The alternative is to allow governments to take on this function for themselves. 

The thing is, all water, gas, and electric utilities are heavily regulated by state and federal agencies in a way that telecoms are not. The three so-called "public" utilities are seen as necessities for life, while telecom has only recently begun to be viewed that way. As a result, public utilities cannot charge excessive fees for service, and in exchange we give them a near-monopoly over their service territory.

In California, for example, regulatory requirements only allow gas and electric utilities to make money on capital investments. This gives utilities a direct incentive to invest in new infrastructure, because that's how they make money. This simultaneously removes any incentive to overcharge per kWh or to induce customers to use more electricity - even if they did, California utilities wouldn't make any additional money from this practice. 

Instead, the California Public Utilities Commission (CPUC) authorizes a certain rate of return - usually a 5%-10% markup on base electricity cost - based on capital investments and how well the utility runs its business. (Bit of an oversimplification here - this is called "decoupling" if you want to look for more details.)

*If we had a policy like that for telecoms, you can bet broadband would be cheaper and bandwidth would be higher.*

What's more, most states don't restrict a city's right to establish a utility for water, gas, or electric. So why do we do that for telecoms? 

Telecoms, meanwhile, are given the same preferential access to service territories in most states, but are not subject to the same price controls. They exploit this advantage by charging unreasonable prices, lagging behind in infrastructure investment and in providing higher bandwidth, and instituting datacaps that, by Comcast's own admission, are there exclusively to pad the bottom line (see [this](https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20151001/05131832403/as-comcast-broadband-usage-caps-expand-company-still-refuses-to-admit-they-even-have-caps.shtml), [this](https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20130118/17425221736/cable-industry-finally-admits-that-data-caps-have-nothing-to-do-with-congestion.shtml), and [this](https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20150814/12144431948/comcast-admits-broadband-usage-caps-are-cash-grab-not-engineering-necessity.shtml) for details). 

If we're going to allow a company monopolistic control over a service territory, we can't also allow them carte blanche with their price structure. Basic economics says they'll abuse the privilege, and *that's exactly what they've done.*

Even better, *we used to regulate telecoms like utilities.* The overlapping infrastructure and high-profile bankruptcies of many of the overlapping telecom companies were some of the major causes of the regulatory actions and acquisitions that culminated in the foundation of the AT&amp;T monopoly in the early-to-mid 1900s. AT&amp;T, at the time, was regulated in a manner similar to a utility under the Natural Monopoly framework.^1

This is one of many examples of what we economists would call a market failure. Part of the problem is the way the regulatory agencies view telecom. It needs to be considered a necessity and regulated in the same manner as a public utility. Recent changes at the FCC have moved in the right direction, but there's a lot further to go. 

Do not be complacent. This will be an incredibly difficult fight and there are many other important and relevant viewpoints related to this that should be duly considered. 

I don't mean to suggest that this is the only viable option, just that it's been proven to work in the past with both telecoms and other public utilities. There are other valid solutions that should be duly considered; this is one of them.

Sources: I have a [M.S. in Ag and Resource Econ](http://i.imgur.com/vdJAsWQ.jpg?1) and worked for Pacific Gas &amp; Electric. 

^1 *The History of the Telephone* by Herbert Newton Casson. Pages 190-195 and 270-290

**TL;DR:** In a 21st century economy, telecom access is a necessity, just like electric, water, and gas, and it should either be regulated as such, or local governments should have the ability to establish their own broadband utilities. When you allow a company to have unfettered control over a service area without also regulating their business practices and cost structure, the customers (read: everyone) lose.  

*With the recent regulatory changes at the FCC, there is no better time to [submit our complaints, experiences, and comments to the FCC](https://consumercomplaints.fcc.gov/hc/en-us) regarding Comcast, Time Warner, CenturyLink and all the rest's actions. We are all being taken advantage of, and it is up to us to make sure the FCC comes out of this on our side.*

*Also do not underestimate the power of contacting your senators and representatives. They usually only hear the voices of the lobbyists. If we show them how much this issue matters to us, things will change.*

Edits: Image links, additional info, clarity.
Send complaint to FCC.

Mention there is no "data cap" on cable boxes. Cable boxes are just transfering data from the server to your house, the EXACT same as watching netflix on internet.

There is no benefit to a data cap, this is being done to makeup for lost cable-tv revenue. Once again, they do not limit how much tv you can watch.
AT&amp;T has quietly rolled out a 250GB data cap for Uverse customers where I live. I had to switch to...Time Warner, which has billed me the wrong amount every month for 3 months now because they can't remember that I have a 1 year promotion.
Yup.  A year ago I was paying $250 for Internet and Cable TV, so I cut the cord.  Next year I'll be paying $250 for Internet and my selection of services like Netflix, Hulu, CBS all access, etc.

... or more.  Like I have these nice video security cameras around my house that record "to the cloud."   That uses bandwidth too. And I'll want to add more of them.  All this internet-connected stuff at home is just going to add to the bill.

But what will be most annoying is the auto-play video advertisements that I not only have to suffer through online but now have to pay for as well. 
One day there'll be an alternative to Comcast.

And we will ALL remember this.
This situation with Comcast makes me feel good about ISPs of *Russia*. Internet is really cheap here unless you live in snowy nowheres of Kamchatka. I pay less than 10$ for 40 megabits with no data caps.

Why is it so cheap? Competition! Networks of Russia were formed largely by small private ISPs very similar to garage startups in nature. Involvement of Comcast-like telecomm giants was minimal. Real competition was in play from the very beginning. And now we have results.

Too bad our goverment now tries to ruin everything by imposing censorship and mass-buying these small ISPs into a govermental ISP giant called Rostelecom.
My ISP does this. Their point is always "It affects less than 1% of our customers!" Well then why are you doing it?
&gt; If ISPs hope to continue growing their sales and profits moving forward — and as public companies, that is obviously their hope — they need to find new ways to boost revenue.

This is part of the problem with mega companies in the world...  You cannot expect to grow your profits forever.  It says in the article that 80% of the homes in the United States have broadband internet, meaning that growing your income with new customers is going to be increasingly difficult.  And then with the internet providers not competing against anything, they are allowed to do whatever they want as far as pricing.
IF Obama sees the internet as a utility under Title II and a "necessary" part of everyday life, he has to step in and make data caps illegal.

Once again, we have to stress that broadband is **NOT** a commodity like coffee beans.

It's electrons travelling through a wire. It's only FINITE if we let assholes like Comcast call it that.
I just filed a claim with the FCC. It took me 4.5 minutes, and I know YOU have that much time because you're on Reddit.
Really wish data caps could just be banned by the FCC. But then again they will find some other way to fuck us over I am sure of that.

They will NEVER do the right thing and just let people pay for a service that is already overpriced without being butt fucked even more.
One of these cities is very close to me.  I decided I should see how much data I use.  They don't make it easy.  After about 15 minutes searching [this](http://i.imgur.com/qIqHq9q.jpg) is all I found.  Comcast really sucks.  I wish I had an alternative.
i really don't understand how this isn't considered a monopoly yet....
Data caps say one thing: They have no plans to upgrade their infrastructure.
&gt; Comcast’s data caps

Woahhh, that's *'data plans'* son.

/s
Isn't this - data caps - just a red herring, though? The real issue is not the caps; it's the ISP monopoly on the towns/cities that these ISP's have. The data cap is a distraction from the real issue of eliminating real competition.  
Suddenlink has had caps for years. At one point they refunded all the overage fees because it got out their metering might be off. But they went right back to it after paying someone to say their system was sound.

ISPs want to be paid like utilities without any of the regulation.

Of course Suddenlink has no competition for high-speed internet in my area.
Please, don't let them get away with this!  We were passive in Canada, and now we have been stuck with it for years.  If you are a customer, and have an issue with this, complain to the FCC or whatever regulatory authority is responsible.
FCC = Fuck ComCast

Express your concerns to them, please!

https://consumercomplaints.fcc.gov/hc/en-us
The real villain here is the regulatory landscape that allows this to happen. Comcast is beholden to the shareholder to forever increase revenue.  They aren't evil, just capitalist. This is where government intervention makes a difference. 
Not from USA, can someone ELI5 how comcast cap its data? 

I'm from Mexico and a new company (izzi) seems to do something similar, has a (hidden) cap of 100 GB per month, assuming it's enough for normal consumers. After the 100GB they charge you like $4 per extra GB, or at least that's what I've heard
so, what are you americans gonna do about this?
The thing I always go back to, is the number of apps and functions I don't use my phone for because data caps are so limiting.  Technological advancement is essentially being handicapped by data caps.
A very cogent analysis. You can be sure the other ISP providers are watching Comcast's experiment very closely, and have already drawn up plans for instituting their own data caps. If Comcast gets away with it, the others will be following suit immediately. 

In the very early days of ISPs, access was metered by the MINUTE. Like phone usage. It was incredibly expensive. You can be sure that the greedy fools who run ISPs will HAPPILY return to those days if they can manage it.
We have been subject to this nonsense in Canada for a long time. I guess we are just too polite too say anything about it. It's actually much worse here. With Telus (One of Canada's biggest telecoms) the data cap is set at 250 GB. After which we get charged an extra $10 for every 10 GB we go over.
Report them to the FCC whether you're a customer or not!!
The *real* problem with data caps is that ISPs don't count their own services as consuming bandwidth.  Comcast sells video and telephone service yet if you watched TV all day every day and constantly used the telephone at the end of the month you'd notice that these things didn't count towards your bandwidth cap.  That should be a violation of anti-trust law and the DoJ should go after them for it!

For reference, it's very easy to measure the amount of bandwidth used by cable television:  There's room for about 52 channels using 256-QAM and the way cable TV works all those channels are being used simultaneously (always on).  Each 6-MHz channel uses 38.47 Mbit/sec for a total of about 2000 Mbit/sec.  That's TWO GIGABITS of bandwidth that Comcast *could* be providing for Internet service but instead it's being wasted on cable television that nobody wants anymore.

I don't think caps should be allowed at all (bandwidth is not a finite resource) but if we *do* allow them ISP's competing services *must* count towards the cap.  Even if someone isn't subscribing to cable TV all that bandwidth is still being used by that service.  So let's make the cap a realistic representation of how much of a customer's coaxial cable is being constantly taken up by Comcast's television service:

617.98095703125 petabytes/month

I could live with a bandwidth cap of that size.  For a while at least :)
What I don't get is how the FCC hasn't stepped in and been like "Yeah, no." Fuck Comcast so hard up the ass
&gt;  Well guess what: every other ISP in the country is a business first and foremost as well.

Google Fiber will save you all. It's already saved me, so I can't complain. They are definitely not an ISP first, but they still do ISP best.
This will probably be buried, but if anyone sees it - please please please take 5 minutes of your time to file an FCC complaint. You can even copy / paste the text of my complaint so it's even easier. You may want to attach a scan / picture of the letter Comcast sent you as well.

Link for submitting complaint: https://consumercomplaints.fcc.gov/hc/en-us/requests/new?ticket_form_id=38824

&gt;Dear Sir or Madam,

&gt;I am a Comcast customer in ______ . I have no other option for high-speed internet. They recently sent me a letter stating that they would be implementing a 300 GB a month data cap on Dec 1. Overages will be charged at 10$ per block of 50 GB over the 300 GB limit. This will not be pro-rated or rolled over per month if I don't use the entirety of the 50 GB block; meaning even a 1 byte overage will result in a 10$ charge. These overage charges are not based on the time the usage occurs, suggesting that they are not tied to network congestion or management problems. In fact, no reason was given in the letter as to why these caps and charges are being implemented. I will now have to pay an extra 35$ a month to retain the unlimited data service I have been receiving. This is a forced change that I have no way to contest or reconcile. Even more concerning, the letter states that they will be sending an "in-browser" notification when you reach certain thresholds of the data cap. It is my understanding that Comcast would be forcing me to install a browser plugin to receive this message, or use packet injection. The possible use of packet injection raises large privacy and security concerns for me, as any of the data I send or receive may be intercepted and / or modified. All of this goes against the principles of net neutrality and having a free and open internet. The way the data caps and overage charges are being implemented amounts to extortion of the consumer. Thank-you for taking the time to investigate this matter.

&gt;Sincerely,
People need to also understand that this isn't just a Comcast thing.   Many ISPs that also deliver TV services stand to lose money from cord-cutters, and thus are imposing caps under the bullshit guise of "fairness" or "resource management" to mitigate this-- Yes, that argument is bull. Otherwise, why would a company such as Comcast magically not take about bandwidth consumption when it's **their** streaming service being used  http://arstechnica.com/business/2015/11/comcast-launches-online-tv-service-that-doesnt-count-against-data-caps/


Now back to caps-- It's not just Comcast testing out a 300-400GB cap in select markets; Plenty of US ISPs are either testing or **already imposing** a cap. For example, take my ISP here in Mississippi:


http://www.maxxsouth.com/internet-acceptable-use-policy/


&gt; *Excessive Bandwidth Consumption*

&gt; High-speed bandwidth and network resources are not unlimited. Managing MaxxSouth’s network is essential as MaxxSouth works to promote the use and enjoyment of the Internet by our customers. As explained above, the Service is for recreational, residential and personal use. MaxxSouth has established a monthly bandwidth usage limit per Service account. Service usage may not exceed the following limits for each type of subscriber account:

&gt; MaxxSouth Access	25 GB

&gt; MaxxSouth High Speed Basic	100 GB

&gt; MaxxSouth High Speed	250 GB

&gt; MaxxSouth Gamer	350 GB


And the shittiest part? Read the next paragraph.  Unlike Comcast, there's no overage fees, no "$30 for more data", etc.  Just a scare tactic that your internet may be cut off at the discretion of the company, and whatever they decide is final.


&gt; Common activities that may cause excessive bandwidth consumption in violation of this Policy include, but are not limited to, numerous or continuous bulk transfer of files and other high-capacity traffic using hypertext transfer protocol (“HTTP”), file transfer protocol (“FTP”), video transfers, peer-to-peer applications and newsgroups. In the event that your usage of the Services exceeds the above-described limits, MaxxSouth may, in its sole discretion, suspend or terminate your Service account or request that you upgrade your Service level, or subscribe to a version of MaxxSouth’s commercial grade Internet service if you wish to continue higher bandwidth consumption levels. MaxxSouth’s determination of the level of bandwidth consumption by Service accounts is final and binding.


What's more infuriating is that this ISP also offers uncapped gigabit fiber service, and so does a competitor (C Spire).  However, neither ISP services multi-dwelling units such as apartments, condos, townhouses, etc. Only standalone houses are serviced.
Netflix and other streaming services are really successful because of a loophole. Media companies want to close this loophole, thus making Netflix cost more and hopefully saving their jobs. That's what all of this is really about. Industry politics.

Google Fiber, please save us all.
We all hate Comcast / Time Warner / Etc. 

Why is it so hard to create an ISP to compete? That's the main tenet of capitalism right? Competition benefiting the consumer and the greater populous?

Is it infrastructure installation cost? Litigious super companies stopping expansion? Corrupt local governments allowing monopolies and restricting competition?

I assume it's some combo of all of the above, but I'd like to hear from an expert in the field.
Log a complaint with the FCC. You can do that here:
https://consumercomplaints.fcc.gov/hc/en-us/requests/new?ticket_form_id=38824

If you're not sure what to say, just copy/paste what I said in my complaint.


"While not a Comcast subscriber anymore, the "Data Usage Plans" being rolled out to select markets around the country are an anti-competitive move meant to stifle competition from online video services (such as Amazon Prime or Netflix) while driving customers back to Comcast's own cable TV services (which conveniently do not fall under their own "Data Usage Plans" despite being transmitted over the same physical network). The FCC should take a stand against Comcast to prevent this kind of monopolistic anti-competitive abuse of its customers."
How about this.  CableOne subscriber here, with data caps.

While I am opposed to caps for obvious reason, the business can choose its market price and billing rates.

My issue is with advertisement.  My internet is advertised by speed and a price of $75/month + taxes.  Overage rates are $15/overage amount.  Unfortunately, this is far from reality.  

At my data rate, I can hit my cap in 41 minutes.  Each additional 10 minutes would cost me $15.  For consumer protection, better advertisement regulations need to exist to reflect this.  If the advertisement was in such a way people weren't 'duped' into plans advertising pricing much lower than reality due to the caps, we might see higher caps, unlimited programs, or at the very least better pricing structures.
The issue is that there are millions of consumers who do not have any idea, everyone reading this here is in the know on what is wrong with the telecom industry. Need to spread the truth to the general public that has no idea that they are getting screwed constantly by shitty business practices and they can help change this for the future. I only see prices rising and rising and rising up until a decision is made to classify them as utilities. (got to rake in the cash as fast as possible while they still have time)
As long as poeple keep supporting them, they will keep being comcast.  I know there are limited choices sometimes but people just don't want to compromise.  I seitched to a slower provider but at least I'm not supporting these fuckers.  
Cry them a river, build a bridge, jump off it, and drown. The super rich don't give a flying f about anyone but themselves. The rich get richer, and the poor keep paying more without choice. Deal with it. Don't look forward. Be (un)happy with what you've got because the rich own everything including you and your lives.
Suddenlink currently has me on a 200mbps plan with a 450gb cap. $10 for every extra 50gb over. Punch that into your fucking calculators and tell me how much I'd pay if I downloaded non-stop for 1 week. Hell, fucking look at how much it'd be if it was only 24 hours.

Fucking incredible. 
Come on Google fiber!
Alright so here's the thing.   We keep hitting the wall on this because complaining to the FCC doesn't seem to really do anything.  When this was posted a few weeks ago and the top comment response was to file a complaint, I took the 3 minutes and actually did it.  I got a quick automated response stating that Comcast would have to respond to my complaint within 30 days.

Since then I've received no direct communication from Comcast, but I have gotten an email from the FCC stating that they are closing my ticket because they have received Comcast's response to this complaint and that I should be receiving my copy via snail mail within 7 days, but that no further action is required.

What's the point?  What did my complaint do?  It was processed seemingly automatically and I don't think anything will come of it.   We the consumers are losing and the FCC isn't doing dick about it because they don't care.  GG Comcast.
This is extortion.
In generality, I'd say that Comcast is bad for everyone. 
There is nothing wrong with metering data, so long as that **actually** meter data. If we paid a flat $0.20/GB of data used, I would be all about metered connections. 

Other utilities, however, don't charge you a flat fee for a chunk of, say, electricity, then soak you if you use more than that chunk.

This Comcast system is different. They want you to overpay if you use more AND if you use less. Fuck that, and fuck Comcast.
Probably be lost in comments but fuck it.

In the words of Steve Jobs - The customer is a fucking idiot and doesn't know what they want.

Okay, I could be paraphrasing but let me suggest this.

I've been waiting so long for Google/Cox/Local ISP's to give faster internet, gigabit and beyond. Every day I read about people getting hooked up to 1gbps internet, and now Universities switching to 10gbps. There's tech shows on YouTube about how Gigabit Ethernet has lived past its prime and it's time for 10gbe.

That said, case in point. Every time I mention faster internet, better connection quality, every non-technical person I talk to "consumer" always asks "why do we need faster speeds, things are fine right now." I try to rebuttal about Netflix going faster, internet browsing not taking as long, wireless services going beyond where they are now, calls being clearer, videos uploading faster.

They still look at me like a dumb fuck and say "but negroiso, you're just impatient, surely you can wait the 45 minutes to upload that 4K video shot on your iphone to youtube or pornhub, why does it have to be so quick?"

Then in the same merit, they text me and say "gawh, netflix is so slow, this movie has been buffering for like 40 seconds after i hit fast forward"

So you see, the consumer is an idiot and will pay for things they don't know about.


You can get users like me, who pay for two internet connections in the home, bond them over a dual WAN setup to get .5gbps and I do 15-20TB of traffic a month who screams for more speed, then you have those on 10/25$ a month plans who are content or just think that's the experience of the internet.

I've gone to clients homes and been there to troubleshoot "slow computers" to find out that they were subscribed to a DSL service of 1.5mbps down and .5 up and were getting about half of that. When I explained they could take the same money they are spending and triple or quadruple the speeds, they just look at you and say "oh maybe in another life time, I don't need all that speed, thanks for telling me it's not my computer, I'll just be more patient"
People are so ingrates. Comcast blesses us with introducing caps to make it fair for everybody and they still complain. /s
This stupid fucking data CAP will raise my monthly bill by about $40 a month.  I can't afford that.  So now I have to stop watching Netflix and playing FFXIV, I guess.  =\  
I already canceled television. If Comcast caps my data I'll just slow down my speed so I pay less. According to Netflix, I only need 5Mbs for HD video (I'm assuming 720p). We mostly watch tirrented tv shows and Netflix, and I was fed up with the 2nd rate increase in 6 months. I took my bill from $127 to $50 a month. What Comcast doesn't get it we probably watch too much TV as it is, and its the easiest thing to cut out of my day. I don't need high speed for non-video internet, so that makes it easier.
In India, I'm on a 50 GB a month cap. 50. It's beyond ridiculous.
Instead of only posting a comment on this thread, why not post your thoughts on the FCC consumer complaint [page](https://consumercomplaints.fcc.gov/hc/en-us/requests/new?ticket_form_id=38824) as suggested in the article.
It's all about that business model.

I have a good friend that works for Comcast. Let me just tell you... they care about one thing and that is the bottom line. If they can keep from expanding their infrastructure by imposing data caps then that is exactly what they will do because it is cheap.

Keep pushing for public ISPs in your communities. A company as big as Comcast with regional monopolies on true broadband like Comcast gives zero fucks whether or not you like their service or policies.
Text of my complaint to the FCC:

I am an Atlanta area Comcast customer, and although I have not fallen afoul of Comcast's data caps as yet, it is already hindering my enjoyment of their service. I choose not to watch streaming content if I can avoid it, because I don't want to get hit up by their fees. This greatly lessens my enjoyment of the service. If there were no data caps, I would simply watch what I want, when I want.

Of course, if there were a competitor for Comcast that offered broadband at competitive rates to Comcast, I'd be all for it. I used to get Charter, which has no data caps, but I'm not ALLOWED to use Charter because when I moved, I moved into Comcast territory, and they're both de facto monopolies in the areas they "serve."

I am also certain that Charter will adopt data caps if Comcast's little experiment in price gouging proves a success.

Comcast also offers me little choice in what kind of product I can buy from them. I have a choice of 'packages" and in order to get all the channels I want, I had to get four set-top boxes, even though we only need or can use two such boxes. They won't let us return the two we don't use because it's part of the package we bought. So I have two set top boxes sitting unused in my home for that reason.

And the channel lineup we got is nothing like what we wanted: in order to get the channels we wanted, we had to take on a package that offers a TON of channels we have absolutely no interest in, like foreign language channels.

It's the typical poor product availability and customer service you find with unregulated monopolies. (Hint hint, FCC, you're a regulatory agency ... and you're not doing your job.)

Ideally, the US would have free and open competition among data carriers. That's the way capitalism is supposed to work, isn't it? But the Comcast data cap price gouge proves the ISPs will use any rationale they can come up with, even if it means crippling customer services to justify the price increase, and to hell with the consumers because they're de facto monopolies.

Don't let Comcast and the other ISPs lead the US into become a Third World nation in terms of communications technology. Because make no mistake: that's where they are headed. Other countries already have Internet that is far fast and far cheaper than what we have. You're the regulatory body here, you're supposed to be pushing the US into the future technologically, not letting predatory ISPs like Comcast pull us into the past. You're supposed to be regulating these quasi-monopolies, and you're not doing a very good job of it at all.

By the way, your list of internet issues does not really describe data caps and monopolistic practices very well, if at all. If you are going to REQUIRE that we fill it out, perhaps you should provide a better range of options.
Answer: Municipal broadband.
I noticed my ISP instituted this, and has been charging me for it, the other day. The best way to show that it's bullshit is that they count upload and download together towards the cap. In essence, they're double charging.

This means that if I send 300 gb file to a friend, they charge me for the transfer. Then they charge him for the transfer.
I've said it before and I will keep saying it, this IS extortion plain and simple. 

This is no different than a mobster coming into your business and demanding payment and in return they wont wreck the place.
I have Armstrong and I pay 64 a month for internet capped at 300 and then 10 more for another 50 gigs.  This is the 'mid tier' internet that is mediocre at best.  Usually I go through stretches that it goes out several times a day.  I found out the hard way that I had capped internet during the Summer Sale.  When we signed u they made no mention of caps.  
my ISP took away unlimited plans over 4 years ago and tried to force us in to a data capped plan... it surprises me this is just now becoming an issue with comcast.  In any case... apparently comcast writes their service agreements differently, or maybe it has something to do with state laws of Alaska... but we have so far been able to stop our ISP from bullying us out of our unlimited internet plan and so we still have unlimited.  They've tried many times in various ways... splash pages forcing us to click that we agree that we are no longer unlimited, phones calls threatening to cut off service... letters in the mail about it as well...  
As a Canadian, I find these complaints cute.  We've been dealing with bandwidth caps for 10+ years now.  We still have uncapped, but it's almost $100/mo.  You guys don't realize how good you actually have it.

Also - There's no way Comcast can be as bad as dealing with our big 3.

That said, I'm still sorry you guys have to deal with this shit.
it's all fun and games until a competitor enters the area.

Then you'll have Comcast changing their tune really quick.
Oooooh this makes me so mad. I knew they'd try this crap ever since they rolled out data caps for cell phones. We desperately need to turn internet service into a utility, preferably a publicly owned utility.
If it was handled correctly, Comcast (as an example) could absolutely rule the marketplace. Correctly is: Service Delivery Model with customer satisfaction being the #1 goal. 

Steps for Comcast to rule the world (by making customers happy): 

1.Dump the customer service system. Just fire everyone. Establish a customer service organization someplace with cheap cost of living and friendly people. Hire those people and train them ITIL based service support.


2.Simplified cable billing. Charge a flat rate for Basic Cable that includes all the taxes paid by Comcast and the profits, etc. First cable box should be included in that bill. Offer every channel a la carte, and packages that cater to known patterns: sports package, movie package, reality package. But don't make me upgrade from silver to gold to get a channel that I only want to watch for one show.


3.No caps. All they do is piss off customers. "We heard you. You don't like caps. They're gone."


4.No contracts.


5.Get rid of SD and don't charge for HD. Build a downconverter into the cable box and have it output through coax or RGB.


6.X1 is awesome, really. Give us control over our channel guide. Let us create lists (through the box or a web interface on the computer) of channels and choose those in the guide. Let us choose our default guide. Let us filter out the channels we do not subscribe to. And for the love of all that is good, get rid of 'free with subscription' in the On Demand list. It's an oxymoron and it makes you look stupid. Anything is free if you pay for it.


We were told the new cap was just a "trial" in our area. 

Ya right. 
today on my Comcast bill I was charged 4$ extra because something about:

 texas citizens will have to pay this fee because your local government has placed laws (or something) in effect and this is our attempt to recuperate the cost of this to our company, we are not legally obligated to do so

it seems stingy as fuck and I normally don't get too worked up over it but I couldn't really believe they would do that considering they get things passed all the time to screw us and benefit them

yes I know its only 4 dollars but still
I sent in a complaint to the FCC last month even though I'm not a Comcast customer, saying that they're using their monopolistic position to squeeze every cent they can out of their customers. Everyone else should do the same. It's so ridiculous what they get away with.
In my mind, Comcast has always been equal to ISIS. Oh, sorry, IS... Don't want to offend anyone :P
The same might have been said about energy usage 20 years ago. I just invested £699 (nearly a thousand dollars) in an ultimately energy effiecient and excellent washing machine. My home in the UK has a smart meter, a meter that is fed by a smart card 'key' which I refill at various PayPoint-enabled shops. I put £20 on it, and it beeps when the allotment goes below £5 and there is a £5 buffer if I should go over before I get my smart card back to the shop. 

It has encouraged me (and millions of others) to care about what appliances take that money from me. It's an important lesson because were data providers to be nationalized or regulated this would be the norm. I buy energy efficienct televisions, computers, displays, iPads, phones... and on and on. I invest in technologies and products that maximize my expenditure, because the expense of buying a device doesn't end when I leave the shop. That cost translates at home as well. 

When there are calls to regulate broadband as though they are utilities, you have to look no further than your current utility provider and see how egregious and unfair their rates are, even when mandated by the government. 

And yes, these measures from Comcast are not designed to be meters, they are designed to show you the future. Unfortunately in the UK, I can't get exemptions or discounts by using energy efficient appliances, I can only expect a reduction in my consumption. This might not be fair, but Comcast can (with millions invested in lobbying, etc) enforce costs to deliver. Here in the UK, I am subject to standing charges, costs I pay just to remain connected to the grid, whether or not I consume any raw product that the grid offers me. 

The US might have a hard lesson to learn about this. T-Mobile offers free streaming on the most popular of services, but this is just an indicator of how things are to become. Strong regulation cannot be the answer, because I have already seen those effects. 

You might argue it is a good thing, and you are right. But my house took £600 of investment in lighting to make sure that my bulbs only consume 8W (Phillips Hue, so more expensive than most) and they are controlled as I see fit from where ever I am. I cannot control how Netflix delivers data. In my three to five ways to access Netflix, they chooses the quality they send to me. That's all well and good, but in a utility world, I have that choice. I can buy EnergyStar A appliances and control my usage. I can't do that with Netflix, regardless of which Data Usage Plan I pick. 

Regulation will be dangerous. The threat of regulation has given us data plans. There is no counter now except to regulate them fully, but there are no people with the experience of that in the US.
It could be worse. 

Suddenlink's best plan is $90 with a 550GB cap. No unlimited plan available. At this point I'd be thrilled to pay 70 and be unlimited. 
Suddenlink has been doing this bullshit for around six months now. Needless to say my bill is fucked. 
Let me get this straight. I have 1 coax cable coming into my home. It serves 2 TVs via 4 tuner TIVO, 2 computers, a landline phone, and a WiFi phone. If I eliminate the 100+ channels available through the TIVO (which can access 4 HD channels at a time, watch 2, record 2 etc.), get the 9 OTA stations via outdoor antenna, and stream a bit video over the internet, my bandwidth usage goes up? 
[deleted]
[deleted]
We've had this in Canada for as long as I can remember.  I wish we raised a fuss about it here like the States is doing because this sucks.
Edit: Missed some words
As a Canadian I am a actually a little jealous. I know people who spend over $30/month for internet speeds of 256KB/s (or about 2Mb/s) (although they advertise it as 5Mb/s, I've never seen it above 2) and 25 GB data cap...

But ya, the whole data cap thing is very frustrating
Fuck Comcast. Seriously oneday they will push their poor customers over the edge.
Can anyone explain how much "data" is sent through your cable box to watch a television show in HD?

Depending on the answer, that might be a good way to frame it to lawmakers. Something like, "This cap is the equivalent of watching 2 hours of TV a day."
As a non-comcast customer who isn't really experiencing anything like this with my current ISP, what can I do to help the effort? 
This is truly an insane practice. It's a huge step backwards. Internet connection is something that should become cheaper in ratio to speed. Did they stop expanding the infrastructure? Has the development of the technology halted? No, pure money grab, appaling. Hopefully, data caps on home broadband is something that stays in the US.  Comcast should think about creating content that can make them money instead of limiting users connections.

You can tell I'm not from murica so I might not know the whole picture. But really? There's no competition? I hear great things about Google fiber but they're only present at a small portion of the market. Any other players? Any isp's doing the right thing?

Comcast, with their reputation how can they go on like this? I mean it's unheard of but if there's no other providers they can do whatever they want huh? 
Seriously, we're living in a time where a collection of information greater than the Library of Alexandria exists. The last thing any person on earth should be doing is attempting to limit access to this resource.
I get Comcast getting a lot of shit because of how shitty of a company they are, but I had a data cap with AT&amp;T Dsl of only 150gb until a few years ago and now I switched to uverse (same shit with a different name) and my cap is 300gb. I've already hit that twice this year and always get a nasty letter about my data consumption and impending overage fees if it happens again for another consecutive month. We need to hold ALL the ISPs accountable on this, not just Comcast.
I pay 250$ a month for a whole 30GB through verizon because they 'own' the area I live in and its pretty far out of the way for anyone else... Dont get me wrong, its pretty damn reliable internet, but... I certainly miss Netflix and downloading new games. My kid can barely ever play his Xbone due to patching and required net connection...
I'm confused... I've know for ages that there was a theoretical data cap of 250GB a month on my internet supplied by Comcast. 

If I look at the usage meter I can see that per month I sit at ~300GB of data usage pretty consistently. However on the same page it tells me that the cap is not being enforced, so obviously my overages haven't bothered Comcast enough for them to enable it. 

Please don't get my wrong, I already pay a crap ton of money for my internet plan and the thought of having to pay more to stay online doesn't exactly excite me but what's the deal here? When my city falls into the enforced capping area I can expect to start being billed for overages or are Comcast going to target only the heaviest of usage users?
It would be nice if opposing Internet service providers just simply said, "join us and you won't have a stupid limit." Wonder how much that would crush Comcast for making such a poor choice. But I don't know a ton about Internet congestion and such so idk if that's even a good idea versus just following suit.
What really sucks is that so many of us have no choice but to submit to this crap.  I called yesterday to add the unlimited data option.  There are nearly two weeks left in the month and I'm already close to 300 GB.  I don't want to change my usage so drastically that its not an issue, and I don't want to have to worry about a massive bill if I'm not careful.  My only consolation is that an extra $35 for unlimited data is still cheaper than adding cable or satellite TV.
Will somebody please just bomb a Comcast building already? Nothing else will work. 
If all the top executives of Comcast died I would be pretty happy.
Fuck data caps, move to another provider
FOR FUCKS SAKE, CANCEL YOUR GOD DAMN COMCAST SERVICE AND SPARE US!!!!
Let's go Google Fiber. Please spread around the country like cancer! Please
I'm going to take a minute to hi-jack this to promote a project I've been working on: [ISP Comparison](https://www.apoth.ca/internets). I would love if some of y'all could give me some data to work with. It's still in the very early stages and would love some feedback! 

In the long term I can use this as some sort of 'This ISP is genuinely awesome!' or 'Avoid this ISP like the plague!' type deal. I'd appreciate it if any of you would drop your info in! 

(Note - I don't collect email address, nor would I want to, so no identifiable info is collected)
I always imagine an alternate reality where home internet choices are comparable to the choices we have for cellular coverage. Imagine if wherever you lived you could choose between Google Fiber, Fios, Comcast, AT&amp;T and then some smaller regional providers. That would be amazing. But who would choose Comcast in that scenario?
Oh, your ISP is holding your internets ransom, thats cute.  Source: Australia, where Telstra is still trying to convince people to buy 50gb data plans...
I only have Comcast for Internet, and so for for the month I'm at 279 GB. That's doing 20 GB of p2p, and rest watching videos and surfing Internet. 

http://imgur.com/fjrqC0i
I took the opportunity to tell Comcast that I was cancelling because of the data cap, even though the truth is I'm moving. Maybe if a few thousand of us do the same, it'll make a little dent in their soft skulls.
I swear comcast appears on the home page every week. Literally seems like the worst fucking company. Why do so many people still use it if it has such an awful reputation? I'm so glad it's not big in the UK. 
On the other hand I think this may be needed to actually motivate people to do something about it. 
Wasn't there a bill that passed that was supposed to make data caps illegal? Correct me if I'm wrong, but where is that?
Welcome to Canada since the beginning of Internet time...

These media companies are controlling global growth and technological advances because of limitations on data streams.  They are businesses and businesses have the right to grow and profit, so unless "data and bandwidth" become civil rights in our countries, we will always be slaves to these companies.

One day, we might have to pay a 'tax' or a homeowners bill in order to keep bandwidth continuous, free, and unlimited.  Either way, people will have to pay for something.
Hahaha suddenlink has already been doing this in my area and it sucks because i just got an xbox one which is a data hog. 
you guys are lucky. I live in Sri lanka and they force data caps. I have 100 gb a month ad have to pay 35 usd a month for limited connection. Once I go over the limit they reduce the speed to about roughly 12kb/s from 4-6 mbps. Its impossible to use. Can't watch any video or anything. You have to buy extra gb which costs a lot.
I read the title as "Data cops aren't just bad for subscribers..."


Quite accurate misread, actually
My brother recently moved into a new house, and his gf wanted to take care of the smaller bills and services like cable, water, ect. Knowing he's big into playing games, streaming, ect she got their best service in the area for him. 

After the nightmare of getting it hooked up, a few months go by and he's having a lot of internet issues. As in, me in the middle of no where with DSL is getting better speed consistently than he is. Tell him to run a speed test and he's getting somewhere around 3 or 4 mbps. He then asks his GF what she bought and she said their best package which is 100mbps. When he called them they gave him some excuse of having the wrong router (not sure if that would actually cause the difference in speed) and they'd have to give him a different one. Upon asking for some sort of reimbersment as this was their fault, they pretty much gave him the middle finger.

Then a few more months go by and it's October. He's noticing speed issues again. Calls Comcast to find out the issue, and after 2 hours on the phone, has been told he has a data cap (as well as being told he doesn't by others), which doesn't really make sense as I believe PA was one of the states that wasn't even supposed to be in the trial for that. They tried to tell him that it's no problem because he's not using that much data, which he said is a flat out lie as him or his GF are constantly streaming netflix, youtube, amazon, downloading games and movies, ect. He did find that Fios is in his area, but ATM is in a contract so he's stuck in it for a while. 

I know of no one that has anything positive to say anything about Comcast, and I'm amazed they're allowed to operate as they do. 
It's funny how much I hear people complain about this where here in Canada it's pretty much impossible to get internet without data caps.
I hate to burst everyone's bubble but most ISPs impose data caps, so Comcast is not the only bad guy. If you take a look at CenturyLink's or Frontier's internet services they impose 150GB to 250GB and  250GB respectively. The only ISP that I know of that doesn't have a data cap it Google Fiber. Yes, Comcast is an easy target to blame but to be honest 300GB is a whole hell of a lot better than 150GB or 250GB.
[Seriously, fuck this guy](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brian_L._Roberts)
The moment I don't have to Comcast I won't. The worst culture of greed I've ever witnessed.
Anyone else on Comcast's new unlimited plan? We switched from the 300gb cap and ever since we went unlimited, the quality of the connection has been total crap. It was great when we had the data cap in place. Called them today and asked to be put back on the capped data plan. 

Anyone have a similar experience?
fuck comcast

dissolve their corporation, hang the board, and break everything up. forbid isps from being "content" companies. dumb pipe only.
I don't care if no one views this. 


Does a public library limit the material you can access?  It is unlimited. 

Borrow (temporarily remove) said material and there is a limit.

The Internet is not physical and should not be held to such regards.


Unlimited access for all to all information should be a basic human right.

I thought this "net neutrality law" is supposed to make this shit illegal? Have we been fucked by politicians again?
Its been like this in Australia for years, why get riled up now when it's too late?

We've had this, and as seen now by these American companies, it works. It quadruples their income. Getting ragsed up about a problem only when it affects you is bad for the whole world. This was seen coming from a mile away, the day I learnt America has unrestricted, unlimited internet access it was clear as day. 

In the coming years your digital price marks are going to go up too. Hardware, software, and the Internet are extremely prone to being exploited. They've become an addiction to most of the free-world. They are the space between a want and a need. Companies are going to exploit this for everything they've got. It's a market that's made for the people controlling it. They can do whatever they want with it because it's 'fake.' It isn't a necessity, you can live without it; but nobody wants to. You're going to pay as much as they want you to for access to your addiction. They're going to take everything you're worth because you can't live without it.

The problem is that nobody takes action until it's too late. Another country, state, or town has some new rules, regulations, and price hikes on digital products? Even if you don't live there, do something about it. Aggressively advocate against it. 

It's happening with firearms.(no, don't debate this shit here. These are facts.) [California for example banned .50 BMG firearm.](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/.50_Caliber_BMG_Regulation_Act_of_2004)This didn't spread like wild fire because gun lovers all across America expressed their disinterest. Before it even passed, people all over the US hated it and advocated against it. They stopped it before it had even begun. It didn't affect them, but it would've if left unchecked by everyone outside of California.

You need to do the exact same stuff here. Advocate against it as soon as it hits the news. You see something you don't want to infiltrate your own country, state, or city? Express your disinterest. Spark outrage, or else you'll see exactly the same shit that's happening here. 
T-Mobile will save my streaming. 3GB data cap but I get free streaming of TV shows and Music. God I love this company sometimes. 

[deleted]
Comcast's datacaps also aren't new. They've been around since at least 2008. But because it was difficult to hit 250 gigs a month without some serious torrenting most never noticed. But now that streaming and streaming in very high resolution has become a dominant media source, it will easily eat up that much data in a month.
Pass law or regulation barring cable television providers from being internet providers.


&gt; Also of note, there are negative implications that extend beyond the increased expense for American households. Usage caps on home internet service will also inevitably stifle progress and innovation. 

I disagree.  Actually, this is the only upside of the situation.  Back when we were a dialup society, websites were designed to be functional without all the visual diarrhea that plagues the web today.  Reddit would be usable in a dialup world.  Websites like Gawker, CNN, ESPN, Daily Mail, etc will either have to reign in their ridiculous overuse of multimedia and complex scripting on every page or risk losing page views to people who don't want to waste their bandwidth.  Right now, too many websites are unoptimized because they don't need to optimize.  Just like 15 years ago, innovation will happen in web design and in the underlying technologies.  Better compression for various data types and data transfer protocols, slicker interfaces that aren't just loads of data meant to pollute your screen, better caching and abilities to reuse assets, etc. 

To say that innovation will be stifled because of this is wrong. It's a source of new innovation, challenges always are, and given the current state of web design, this may actually have some positive outcomes in the sea of all the negative bullshit that this situation is
We have a house full of kids and grandkids, along with a wife who is glued to her IPad. I think that 300GB limit is going to bite us in the ass. 
One of the services I run is a video on demand service. We have been losing customers on Comcast because they are concerned with their data caps.
CableOne has adopted these new data caps....
[deleted]
I just hope that weapons of free market are able to play a role in the uprooting of these asses.
[deleted]
[deleted]
First terror in Paris, now comcast data caps:(
I have a 250 monthly cap, feels bad man. Thanks Suddenlink!
TWC does not impose any caps here yet, however, they do track your traffic amount. I checked my account recently and in the past 6 months my data usage has been between 350-380GB/mo. I hope they are not going to start charging for it, because I already pay up the ass for my 50/5. 
Whenever I read news like this it makes me think of ISP's as Malcolm McDowell's character in Tank Girl.
Are TWC plans unlimited? It doesn't say so on the website and I don't want to use their help chat thing
Are these different post everyday or is there just a "Fuck Comcast" sticky on /r/technology? It's not that I like Comcast, its that I'm tired of circlejerking to the same thing literally every day.
I think Comcast is wrong for what they are doing but I believe if this starts happening in bigger markets it will be harder to ignore. I read an interesting article recently about a group that created a wifi network where they live because they only had access to satellite internet which was slow. I don't see why people cant do this all over the country. One person in a neighborhood can sign up for unlimited internet and share it with his neighbors and Comcast wouldnt even have to know. 
Link to the article: http://arstechnica.co.uk/information-technology/2015/11/how-a-group-of-neighbors-created-their-own-internet-service/
Sounds like the fuck face who bought fresh and easy and fucked everyone customers and employees is now giving advice or owns comcast.  All liars and fakes who dont give a fuck about customer service.  Sorry for the language but fuck comcast.  Pussies like drug dealers charging based on addictive need rather than ethics.  Fuck you comcast i hope ur ceo's are found to be pedophiles go to jail and learn first hand what people in jail think of them and do to them.
ELI5?
Just look at comcast's profit increases... 18 percent increase is insane considering they're known for being shitty.

Nevertheless, in its latest quarterly earnings report published on Tuesday, Comcast reported that it made $1.9 billion in profits in the first quarter of 2014—an **18 percent increase year-over-year**

[Source](http://arstechnica.com/business/2014/04/rolling-in-it-comcast-profited-1-9-billion-in-first-3-months-of-2014/)
Didn't think I did enough data for this to affect me, so I went on my account page and looked at my data usage over the last 3 months. To my surprise, it's somewhere between 500-900GB a month. 

My usage pattern? Netflix, amazon prime, plex serving to me when I'm out of town (a lot), security camera monitoring and usenet. I also pay for Cable TV, but rarely watch it. As soon as they attempt to impose these caps on me I'll give them the option of keeping me as a cable customer or me simply reallocating that money to my "unlimited" internet at a lower speed. 
Except Comcast.
So I wanted to comment on this because while I don't support Comcast, at all, I do believe that there are very few options out there currently for us to choose from.

This one quote though, it's important to recognize.

"willing to cough up an extra $35 per month on top of their already-pricey Internet subscriptions."

I'm getting 100mbit internet currently for $90 a month.

There are only two other ISPs in my region who are viable*. Frontier and Surewest.

Surewest has a wonderful nickname, "Sureshit" and Frontier is so bad that you just want to cry.

Now, even if all I had to deal with was horrible customer service from either Sureshit or Frontier, I'd be ok but the problem is, their Internet speeds are ridiculously bad and substantially slower than Comcast.

I mean, substantially.

Frontier ONLY offers 6mbps. That's as fast as they get.

They want $30 a month for that, and that's the discounted rate.

So all this is fine and dandy. Comcast, even though I hate them with a passion, offers faster Internet than anyone else at a price that's substantially lower than the competition.

Even with the $35 extra fee I'll still be paying less for more than I could get anywhere else.

I hate the company... I truly hate them with a passion.. but leaving them isn't an option and even if there were other options I'd be willing to bet I'd still choose Comcast.

Really just sucks.

Edit: I just checked my usage. I'll need to pay the extra for sure.

http://i.imgur.com/1q9DpKy.png

I wish I could worry about a 300 gb cap. I have satellite internet and have a 15 gb cap that they throttle down to dial up speeds after. Usually takes me two weeks of moderate internet usage (no streaming) to hit that limit. 
Just filed my complaint with the FCC 
Cableone here has been capping us for at least 3 years, maybe more.  The only way to get more than 300 gig is to pay the penalties or upgrade to their 100mbps service.  I did the math once, if I were to actually run at 50mbps continually I would reach the cap in under 2 hours.  So the 100mbps upgrade is just a higher cap since I doubt that anyone actually reaches 50mbps unless they have a large network.
So would everybody with xfinity be under the 300 gb cap or just certain regions?
Good Game America
Will someone please explain to me how this is legal? How can Comcast just change the terms and conditions of a users agreement so drastically like this? If there is no recourse for the customer? Seriously? 
I've thought about running for a commissioners seat here in south Florida solely on that platform, to fight Comcast. Don't know how well I'd do.
I'm wondering how true this assumption is that internet usage goes up in households that cut the cord.

I didn't watch my cable TV for at least a couple years before I finally stopped paying for it.  Am I on the fringe?

Cable TV is such a bloated product offering.
Data caps used to be a thing, then they went away, now they're coming back?
As a resident of Connecticut... With no data caps... [This is just my xbox one](http://imgur.com/gfwIVUi)
It's amazing to me that Comcast thinks they can do this in Chattanooga, TN. The city government offers 1GB and 10GB internet access to everyone at reasonable prices. Why the hell would anyone stick to Comcast?
I will indoctrinate my kids to look at Comcast in the same light as the nazi regime and educate them on why Comcast is cancer to society and to the Internet. 

I will make them swear that my teachings will be passed on from generation to generation and they will spread it to as many people as possible. 

Fuck you Comcast. Growth for the sake of growth is the ideology of the cancer cell. Stop being cancer. 
...duh?
I'm not even sure if Comcast is even available in my area so I don't know much about it, but it seems like every day they're either getting voted worst company in the US or having an article written about they're shitty business practices... is anything actually happening?
And now we get to see Comcast attempt to spin these datacaps as "features" of their network. -_-
I'm using Ritter Communications and we thankfully have no cap.
What we need is to somehow motivate and organize mass numbers to just cancel their service and refuse to pay the cancellation fee, and sacrifice not having tv or internet at home for two or three months. Fuck you, send me to collections, that will cost you even more, and I still won't pay it. That'd definitely put pressure if it went nationwide and had big numbers, but unfortunately we'd need numbers near the millions to make any kind of impression.

Basically, as consumers, we're fucked and have no alternatives or options to fight this.
I'm curious if this problem exists in European countries.
Now y'all will know how us Aussies feel.
How do we fix this?  I've sent several complaints to the FCC, and all Comcast does is say that the FCC has said that data caps are OK.
As someone who spent 20 years living in NYC. You leave any of Americas top 30 cities and upload speed faster then 5MB per second does not exist. This is for a good reason not enough people live in the less dense cities of 5-30k and the areas in between them to make equipment investments worthwhile. 

Sure google can select a few isolated cities but even with its roll out they have not strayed far from the core cities they deploy to from what I have heard. If it takes metered broadband to get higher speeds especially upload speed to more people. Then I am for it. This is a curse for Americans wanting to live in suburbs and exurbs. 
This is so stupid! Why don't we just create our own, decentralized internet, free from censorship as well as cost?
Can I ask a stupid question? why doesnt anyone sue comcast? especially those on a contract that has no mention of data caps
From all the bad press I've heard about Comcast, while searching for a place to live I've turned down living in areas where Comcast is the cable provider. That's how bad I think Comcast would affect my life.
My isp does it too. Comcast sets a shitty precedent.
Never thought I'd be glad to live in a Time Warner zone (Cincinnati). I think the only reason nothing was being done is because the FCC was being bribed since about 2011 if not earlier. I got that off searching "Comcast bribes FCC"
How can I stop it?

And at&amp;ts is 250 gb much worse than Comcast.  So I dont know why your complaing against comcast.
Just left my comment. Thanks for the article. 
Im honestly surprised that all the higher-ups that work for Comcast haven't had their genitals forcibly removed, forced to eat them, then been impaled and burnt on the stake yet. Its such a crap isp after you deal with their bullshit.
Can we just get another damn provider in our area? Wtf
This is bad for students, my wife and I attend college and use comcast. We go of over 300gb every month just from online research, talking to professors, submitting homework, watching documentaries on netflix or downloading anything required for the class.
If comcast does this they should pay for the tuition of every student using Comcast.
luddites can't see innovation and job creation when it shoves itself down their throats
I suspect 300GB is the approx average a household consumes during the course of a month currently. Comcast knows data usage is only going up as 4k streaming and other data intensive services become the norm. Although this 300GB cap won't hurt too many of their customer's pocketbooks today, wait a few years when 300GB feels absolutely puny. 
While I agree that the BIG ISP's will follow suit in time and do more capping. ISP's such as mine have a habit of getting rid of limits as tech advances, not the other way around. 
It's solar freaking roadways!!'
"While we believe that 300 GB is more than enough to meet your Internet usage needs" &lt;- Um, yeah.. ok. Its the year 2015 here, Comcast. Are you trying to force us all to your competitors? 
Come on google fiber, this is your time to shine.
 And I already pay by usage for my electricity in my water and other utilities. I suspect I'd be happy to pay for usage for my data if the cost to me was truly reflective of the actual cost to provide. 
Well, at least Google fiber being installed 2 hours away from where I live forced time warner to upgrade to 300Mbps down in 2 months... I feel fortunate to have twc right now, and that's a bad thing. Feel terrible for you shitcast folks.
&gt; Comcast’s data caps aren’t just bad for subscribers, they’re bad for us all

Not "all". They're really, really good for Comcast bosses. Haven't you seen those villas and yachts and whatnot?
guys seriously threaten to cancel your comcast, if they do this. and if they do cancel. dont be a bunch of pansy fuck cakes. stand up for something.
AT&amp;T says it has one for uverse too.  Though I don't know if it is enforced though.  I could not find out how much data I was using this or last few months.
If they are priced fairly and competitively i don't see the problem.  But that is a big **IF**.
I'm sure "Comcast - Bad For Us All" is not only their policy but their guiding principal of doing business.
Yeah, because we're all subscribers -_-
I've been with AT&amp;T for years and had no cap on data until a few months ago. Caps at 150, each additional 50 for $10  I hit 150 like 2 weeks in. I paid $30 extra last month.
&gt;Comcast isn't just bad for subscribers, it's bad for us all.

FTFY
Comcast is trying to say they are instituting data caps to offer more flexibility for consumers.  How is this more flexible for consumers?  They're not reducing rates for light Internet users.  It's all a fucking racket to rape the consumer as much as possible.  Then they have the nerve to tell us it's for our own benefit!  FUCK THESE ASSHOLES!
What sucks is that my ISP does the same thing. I currently have 100mbps and 450gb data cap which goes fast with HD Netflix after that 450gb i pay $10 fo additional 50gb 


I will end up paying $100 a month for internet which is stupid.
I don't know how Redditors understand this issue but still love T-Mobile.
Can someone explain why it is outrageous that a company puts a limit on a service that it provides?  I don't understand why we shouldn't have data caps, like why is it a bad thing that people who use more than 300gb a month have to pay more money?  

I read a lot of, "it costs them 1 penny a GB and they charge us an arm and a leg!" but is that true cost?  Does it not include some additional infrastructure needed due to prime time streaming (have to have double the normal bandwidth available to handle prime time streaming)?


Fuck Comcast! Ha, feels better!!
I don't get it. I thought that data caps were illegal now?
&gt; The economist David Rosnick, in a report on the TPP by the Center for Economic and Policy Research [(CEPR)](http://www.cepr.net/), estimated that under the trade agreement only the top 10 percent of U.S. workers would see their wages increase. Rosnick wrote that the real wages of middle-income U.S. workers (from the 35th percentile to the 80th percentile) would decline under the TPP. 

This is what needs to be mentioned whenever someone says the TPP will lead to an increase in GDP and in general benefits the economy. Yes it will likely lead to growth and yes there are benefits for consumers due to lower prices of products, but most of the benefits are for the wealthiest section of society and most of the negatives are for the weakest. This unequal distribution of the consequences of the TPP will only exacerbate an already problematic level of inequality in the US.
&gt;It's worst than any of us feared

How does this happen in a headline? 
I want to believe that it really is bad, (because it probably is) but I need to have a news reporter report this with links to the relevant parts of the agreement so I can go and read those parts of the agreement for myself. It's almost 6000 pages long, I'm not going to be able to read all of it, even if a lot of it is just tariff tables.
The MegaCorporate future that Cyberpunk fiction warned us about is coming to fruition.

I, for one, do *not* welcome our new profit-seeking overlords. 
I don't understand how people can read crap like this. The legislation may be the worst but I can't find anything of substance beneath his hyperbole-laced diatribe. 
Why didn't the article site anything specific?

I hate the scare mongering, I want them to use quotes from the massive thing to prove it.

Instead of spouting random facts.

I'm worried about the TPP but only because I have no idea what it does, and no ones giving an impartial view on the damn thing.. 

First I am not in favor of agreements like the TPP

But instead of doomsday scenarios like all those articles claim, I want someone to actually show fucking articles of the TPP and their impacts and not as a single line like: Your medications price will skyrocket or Healthcare programs will disappear. This is all hyperbole. 

I fully trust that there is fucked up stuff in the TPP but I rather be presented with evidence instead of wild claims like all medications prices will skyrocket.

Has any article ever done an in-depth analysis instead of fearmongering? 
No references, no quotes, no nothing. 
This needs a more click-bait-ish, fear-arousing title.
Every time people on reddit break it down, they conclude "it's actually pretty okay", and every time people post articles about it, it's a Faustian deal.

As a non-expert on this topic, I don't know what to think.

I'm coming to the conclusion that what this really means is, this is no worse than all the other terrible deals we already live with. Is that about right?
Long on hyperbole, short on specifics
that article is not biased at all
Twitch Plays Pokemon has done what now?
&gt;These three agreements solidify the creeping corporate coup d’état along with the final evisceration of national sovereignty. Citizens will be forced to give up control of their destiny and will be stripped of the ability to protect themselves from corporate predators, safeguard the ecosystem and find redress and justice in our now anemic and often dysfunctional democratic institutions. The agreements—filled with jargon, convoluted technical, trade and financial terms, legalese, fine print and obtuse phrasing—can be summed up in two words: corporate enslavement.

I stopped reading after this. Sure, dressing bad things up in legalese is bad; but then simplifying them so much that you end up with "corporate enslavement" is ludicrous. 

Liberals laugh at conservatives who have articles that say "Obummer is going to take away our guns", but apparently articles that say "Obama is going to make us corporate slaves" are totally legit, front-page worthy material.

&gt;It is part of the inexorable march by corporations to wrest from us the ability to use government to defend the public and to build social and political organizations that promote the common good. Our corporate masters seek to turn the natural world and human beings into malleable commodities that will be used and exploited until exhaustion or collapse. Trade agreements are the tools being used to achieve this subjugation. The only response left is open, sustained and defiant popular revolt.

I can't make this shit up. This isn't reporting, this is a fucking Tumblr post whining about corporations.
This article seems very heavy on scary generalizations and very light on any specific explanation of what's wrong with the agreement.  It doesn't say anything about what "we feared" or explain how the specific provisions in actual text are worse.  

It's probably not surprising that it has rocketed to the top of the sub, because it's a hot topic, but anyone who is unfamiliar with the TPP or unsure whether it's good would need much more than this collection of apocalyptic quotes from people who probably had those quotes ready to go before the text even was released.   
I'm having a hard time giving any credibility to an article that says its "worst" than we feared 
This article is full of too many scare words for me to take it serious.
It's difficult to take an article about international trade agreements seriously when the writer doesn't know the difference between worse and worst. 
What a horrifically written article

This is the shittiest written article I've read in a while. There's barely *any* substance behind it. I'm not saying the TPP is good but this doesn't do shit to tell me why it suck.
All I see from the TPP is an agreement that will make sure the lowest common denominator applies to every country in the world, the increased wages are only going to seen by the richest and all the poorest will see is their wages cut to compete directly with for example China and manufactured goods might be slightly cheaper. 

This agreement doesn't benefit the average worker in the long run but it can easily be spun to make it appear that it will and that is why it will end up passing.
Can we stop with the click-bait headlines regarding TPP, Keystone, CISPA, CIPA, ect?  

It's not worse than I feared, and to state so is over blowing the idea that it couldn't get any worse.  It could, and it probably will.

Its tantamount to the boy who cried wolf, as every time I see a post about TPP (or the like) the headline associated with it makes it seem as if the world will end if it passes.

It won't, and to elude to such is irresponsible and likely loses you support by moderates and corporate schills.
That headline is worse than it looks.
Can anyone explain to me why we aren't seeing protests and or site blackouts like in Sopa/Pipa/Cispa/Acta? 

Is it that the deal actually isn't that bad and that we aren't united that we need to fight this? Because honestly, I think if there is even a small doubt that this deal actually isn't so bad, people are just going to stay home and run with that instead. It's alot simpler that way.


It's worse* than any of us imagined. 
Name one thing that would negatively affect me.
It's titles like this that make people not take this stuff seriously. 

Enough with the hyperbole 
Does anybody think that for pragmatic reasons, we should start to appear more concerned about the wealth of the rest of the world. We're scared that somehow the 1pc only care about their own wealth and don't take us into consideration. Globally we *are* the 1pc and all we're bothered about is that *we* might be left behind. 

If we want the 0.01pc to care about us, we should look for ways to care more for the other 99pc. 
The circlejerk continues.


How worst?  This, my friend, is the very worse.
Is it just me, or does this article say a whole lot without actually explaining much of anything?
#TL:WR(wont read) 
This site, the people on it, and the public(99%) actively advocate against governments and corporations but WONT actively protest or start a revolution to demand actual change. Im shocked our society in the US hasnt revolted against the government.... 

#LONG VERSION, rant

Welp, our species and society are completely worthless and are the definition of spineless and the generation of pussies we're raising now is just going to make everything worse.

Less than 10 years ago this entire country was in an outcry that banks, corporations and governments crippled this country and yet here we are continuing to give more and more power and money to these scumbags. #Wearethe99% haha remember that movement?


Im not only disappointed in the people but also news sources like reddit. Reddit is one of the best site on the web to get news access like this to the public and yet I had to dig to get to this article and this information. The new media continuously censors the media and completely disregards news stories. Im genuinely asking, why doesnt reddit censor the unbelievably stupid content so people are more aware of content like this. Both of you have an obligation to inform the public and both of you have failed miserably. What drives me nuts is Reddit, and what seems like the majority of it, actively advocates what is right and fights to protect the public but in the end will not sticky something like this link to the front page of the website so people are more aware. 


Why we fail as a society..

We are all so outraged about the TPP and the countless other laws that get passed in the name of corpations or the 1% yet, did you know that close to a million people stormed the city when the Royals one the World Series? How about the fandom that is Star Wars? Celebrity Gossip? Jesus, the outcry of people not getting into the fucking Overwatch Beta!


Our society is depressing as fuck!
So how does Reddit feel about Obama now? Seriously asking.
What a shitty title
I don't like the TPP either but this article is really sensationalist. We need level headed analysis, not panicked ranting. 
ITT: People commenting on an agreement that they haven't read. 
"Worst" than we thought...?
Worse than any of us feared
I'm sorry, but I can't take a published article seriously if its author doesn't know the difference between "worst" and "worse". 
That title is worst thing I read so far today.
On an unrelated note, does anyone want to buy any tin foil hats?
&gt;If there is no sustained popular uprising to prevent the passage of the TPP in Congress this spring we will be shackled by corporate power. Wages will decline. Working conditions will deteriorate. Unemployment will rise. Our few remaining rights will be revoked. The assault on the ecosystem will be accelerated. Banks and global speculation will be beyond oversight or control. Food safety standards and regulations will be jettisoned. Public services ranging from Medicare and Medicaid to the post office and public education will be abolished or dramatically slashed and taken over by for-profit corporations. Prices for basic commodities, including pharmaceuticals, will skyrocket. Social assistance programs will be drastically scaled back or terminated. And countries that have public health care systems, such as Canada and Australia, that are in the agreement will probably see their public health systems collapse under corporate assault. Corporations will be empowered to hold a wide variety of patents, including over plants and animals, turning basic necessities and the natural world into marketable products. And, just to make sure corporations extract every pound of flesh, any public law interpreted by corporations as impeding projected profit, even a law designed to protect the environment or consumers, will be subject to challenge in an entity called the investor-state dispute settlement (ISDS) section. The ISDS, bolstered and expanded under the TPP, will see corporations paid massive sums in compensation from offending governments for impeding their “right” to further swell their bank accounts. Corporate profit effectively will replace the common good.

Jesus. Even by Alternet standards this is awful, and that's saying a lot. This guy needs to get back on his meds.
[deleted]
They make it this bad knowing we will complain. They will change a few trivial things and we will consider it a win. Classic misdirection.
The series Continuum comes to mind, where the rebels from the future comes to our time to try save us from the corporations! 
It's just some people controlling a game of Pokemon, it's not that evil
It's worst than...
Can anyone ELI5?
Trade agreements always want to open borders for the products, and they want more consumers from abroad. 
But they never open borders for people.
They mostly bullshit, it is just about thousands pages about how big fish going to eat small fish.
I mean you don't even have to waste your time to think about  is this one going to be good one or bad one for us, of course it is just for the corporations, what did you think?
...How?!

This article is pure garbage.  I'm no fan of the TPP, but this is propaganda with no explanations.
Alternet huh? Lol, people taking it seriously too. That's a redditor for ya.
On my, wtf, I better read....*alternet* nevermind
This is how Wall-E happened.  Let the corporations completely take over and the world will never recover.
I wish articles like this would have a list of bullet points so i could read some of this myself instead of being spoon fed it.
I thought corporations already had all the power, owning most of the land and having multinational monopolies.

Aren't they just agreeing on the rules between themselves that they'll use to screw the rest of us over?
but hillary said it's the gold standard, so it must be.
(Somewhere in a dimly lit conference room) SINISTER BUSINESSMAN: "Good work, gentlemen. The TPP agreement has been put into motion and this time we thought of everything."
(A slender figure steps out of the shadows)
RALPH NADER: "Make that... Almost everything."
SINISTER BUSINESSMAN: "YOU?! But... We thought you were..."
RALPH NADER: "Everyone did. Everyone always does. But I'm always there, watching. Remembering."
(Opening titles)
Can the people in this thread please drop the B.S. comparisons to 'Elysium' and their doomsday whining about the corporations and actually start making *productive* contributions to the conversation?
When are we going to start considering things like this an Act of War against our sovereignty?...and treat these companies that rally against our rights like we would an invading enemy?
Worse than the insurance industry power grab under obamacare.

And that is saying a lot
I just had to login and say that this article is absolutely terrible. Not saying that the TPP is a good thing but, all these people commenting here never read the article. It is composed with comments from a multitude of different sources with the intentions of making the TPP seem like a category 5 hurricane to the worlds economy and environment. Where is the true break down of what the TPP's true enforcement means?
This third item will SHOCK you!
Why the fuck does r/politics have to leak into every god damn subreddit and ruin the content there? 
so as an american you're free to form a corporation and make use of these extended privileges. 
Let me start by saying that I am against the TPP. This deal is without a doubt an extremely negative thing for everyone except the billionaire class and the politicians that have their pockets lined with dirty money.

But that post scared the hell out of me to the point that I find it a little too dramatic. The article treats the TPP as the "harbinger of death" when it is more likely the harbinger of poverty and despair.

Even still, the article really makes a good point and I think that the over dramatization will be easy to understand for the common man and women.
    These three agreements solidify the creeping corporate coup d’état along with the final evisceration of national sovereignty. Citizens will be forced to give up control of their destiny and will be stripped of the ability to protect themselves from corporate predators,    

I don't find the language on this article sufficient unbiased to form an opinion.  This article is an editorial.  
Being a redditor for year I'm as ready as the next guy to hate TPP  but I will like to get a better source than this, furthermore, after reading the [actual agreement on-line](https://ustr.gov/trade-agreements/free-trade-agreements/trans-pacific-partnership/tpp-full-text), I'm not bringing out my pitchforks yet.
someone played too much syndicate in his childhood.
this piece has a lot of extremist language. It reads like a doomsday prophecy. I'm not a lawyer or economist and I don't have the time or comprehension to read the TTP myself. Authors like this one take advantage of this fact to try to cause a panic in order to sway the public to reach the same conclusion as the author. In this instance the brainwashing message is that the ttp is the written incarnation of satan. I'm not saying that it isn't, but I am saying that a person should form their own opinions from a neutral source of information (or as neutral as possible in this day and age).
What a dishonest headline. There are reasons to oppose the TPP.

But there is a long history of anti-union and anti-regulatory legislation in the US that dwarfs this shit. Grow up.
Lol alternet.org? And someone gave OP gold. Reddit is hilarious!!

Remember when Reddit thought WWIII started because of Crimea?

Remember when Reddit thought we were all going to get Ebola?

Now TPP is coming to rape your children!!!

Reddit is worse than cable news. You all need to get a life.
"Worst" than any of us feared. Jesus christ.
"This website is the Most Shitty Website in American History: It's clickbaitier than any of us feared"



Fuck this clickbait shit that all these fucking morons click on. They're the EXACT same kind of people who watch Fox News all day, even though they think they're not. This is just left-wing fear propaganda in the same vein as Fox News.
This it the single worst article I have ever read.

&gt;The agreements—filled with jargon, convoluted technical, trade and financial terms, legalese, fine print and obtuse phrasing—can be summed up in two words: corporate enslavement

yeah. right.

&gt;The rights of corporations become sacrosanct. The rights of citizens are abolished.

I'm sure this is true

&gt;If there is no sustained popular uprising to prevent the passage of the TPP in Congress this spring we will be shackled by corporate power. Wages will decline. Working conditions will deteriorate. Unemployment will rise. Our few remaining rights will be revoked. The assault on the ecosystem will be accelerated. Banks and global speculation will be beyond oversight or control. Food safety standards and regulations will be jettisoned. Public services ranging from Medicare and Medicaid to the post office and public education will be abolished or dramatically slashed and taken over by for-profit corporations. Prices for basic commodities, including pharmaceuticals, will skyrocket. Social assistance programs will be drastically scaled back or terminated. And countries that have public health care systems, such as Canada and Australia, that are in the agreement will probably see their public health systems collapse under corporate assault. Corporations will be empowered to hold a wide variety of patents, including over plants and animals, turning basic necessities and the natural world into marketable products. And, just to make sure corporations extract every pound of flesh, any public law interpreted by corporations as impeding projected profit, even a law designed to protect the environment or consumers, will be subject to challenge in an entity called the investor-state dispute settlement (ISDS) section. The ISDS, bolstered and expanded under the TPP, will see corporations paid massive sums in compensation from offending governments for impeding their “right” to further swell their bank accounts. Corporate profit effectively will replace the common good.

Literally all of this is unsubstantiated trash.
I don't think I want to have children anymore. Their future would be miserable. 
TPP is the next political type of state: A state completely controlled by the large corporations.
Whoa. That's the worst grammar I've seen in a headline written by someone who apparently speaks English. 
This is a good article and all, but why is it being posted in /r/technology? shouldn't this be in /r/news?
This is cringey fear mongering sensationalist journalism at its worst. It's far *worst* than you think it is in regard to credibility. 
ITT: Every armchair economist on the planet.
I don't even know how to help. 

 I'm not rich and I'm definitely ignorant.  My social network, Facebook, doesn't want to hear about anything political.  It's almost like this society has built in distractions.  

I know my up vote won't help, like a lot of us seem to, so how do I help? 
Can't believe this is on the front page, what a shit article.
I really want a good explanation of whether this really screws us, and if so, how. But this article is trash- it's so hyperbolic that I can't trust their simplifications. 
I get super frustrated by articles like this.  I know it's 5000 pages long but surely there's at least one concrete example you can give me rather than hyperbolic statements...
Not alot has changed over the course of human history. The few accumulate vast weath at the expense and detrimate of many. 

Our methods change, as does the complexity, but the end result is always the same. The story continues until a tipping point is reached, we reset, and start over. The question is how much longer will it be until we reach that point? The majority of us arent there yet - We are content for the most part. Those in charge are working very hard to make sure we never get there, or atleast making sure enough of us dont mind or notice what is really going on.

Our governments are already bought and paid for (for the most part), our populace is either subdued or clueless (for the most part). I agree with the last sentance of the article, that open sustained revolt is our only real option, but that is a tall order, and I dont think we have it in us yet.


There is only one problem and that is that governments dont fear the people, people fear the governments. So they can do wathever the fuck they want to do because they know you will cry about it but are to lazy to take real steps.
“It allows corporations to bypass our three branches of government to impose enforceable sanctions by secret tribunals. These tribunals can declare our labor, consumer and environmental protections [to be] unlawful, non-tariff barriers subject to fines for noncompliance. The TPP establishes a transnational, autocratic system of enforceable governance in defiance of our domestic laws.”



So basically, Shadowrun Universe has become reality.
Citizens United is the most brazen corporate power grab in American history.

The TPP is projected to benefit Vietmanese GDP by up to 11%

That's huge. Nope, we must only focus on the negative or perceived negatives about the TPP because reddit 









This is why I vote for Bernie Sanders
Clickbait title right there!
Ironic that the first black president is attempting to turn all of us into China like slave labor.
Chris Hedges is usually right on the mark so I'm going to read this article. I just finished Death of the Liberal Class and the way he outlines the tactics used against and to discredit the language of class warfare and socialist ideas is exactly the type of attacks Bernie Sanders gets. Very illuminating mind. 
[deleted]
Not saying the TPP is good in any way for the public. But if the world collapses, as this article rants about, who will be fueling these mega corporations? The world may rot but it is not going to burn. We will still be slaves but with fewer rights. 

The world population should be able to stop this from becoming fact. If not, it was already too late. 
[Bill said it best.](https://youtu.be/JmzuRXLzqKk)
But how much worst??
So how do we stop it? 
What can any of us really do? Even if this gets rejected, what's to stop another trade agreement from being submitted in a couple years?

It seems almost nobody at the top cares about moral values or the greater portion of humanity's benefit.
I can't take an article with such bad grammar seriously.
It's the worse! 
Well, I don't really feel that our representatives in government have our best interests in mind anyway, so i really don't see a problem.  
Is anyone else still confused?
TL;DR?
It's so much worst!
Are there any good news/scholarly articles that support the TPP? Literally everything I see about it is negative, and I can't help but think that there must be someone, somewhere who thinks it's a good idea if it's close to becoming law in so many countries.
My household combined is roughly over $100k/year and we also live frugally. Our biggest purchases this year have been fixing the roof and a/c for our house,which put a huge dent in savings. Only debt is our mortgage, but my car is about to die, so I'm looking into a used vehicle. When my parents where my age, 100k/year was doing really well. Not so much for my family. I cannot imagine how hard it must be for families earning less than us per year.
For all those supporting this how is this any better than NAFTA? Do you also support NAFTA and the free trade agreements with China?

Did they make the middle class stronger? Did it help our purchasing power? 

What are the lessons from history on these types of agreements? 
we are at a point where we have to choose or future... we can be free and have a world wide network. or we can be slaves for the next years and slow down the productivity of millions of people..

This sounds like the future predicted by Max Headroom is coming true.
I'd say that sensible heads will prevail in Congress, but that's a pipe dream: there haven't been enough sensible heads in there for awhile.

Serious question: is it possible to decide at some later date that we don't like the TPP, that Congress can vote to remove themselves from the trade agreement?
I was not aware of all this... now I have to read more into this... shit
I'm having trouble seeing how the implementation of this law *wouldn't* spark a civil war in the US, as law enforcement would *have* to side with the government that passed this miscarriage.

I imagine Texans will finally use all those guns when the water is undrinkable, nothing grows, and the air is poison....for real though, not just potential effects.
Why did president bush agree to This. We need to elect Obama for hope and change to put an end to the bush republican policies. 
sounds like a great time to buy stocks
Evilcorp has really done it this time.    Save us Mr Robot!!!!
EASY way to access your congressman:
http://www.contactingthecongress.org

If someone wants to set up a boilerplate message to send out, that would also be really helpful. I would but can't right now.
No it's not.  it will provide freedom of movement unlike has ever been seen before.
We need a more efficient way to crowd-source a solution and fight back. 
ELI5?
If Assassin's Creed has taught me anything, the Templars are behind this.
Does anyone else think "Star Wars Galactic Trade Federation" when reading this?
Anyone know where I can find a list of corporate backers?
but obama and trudeau support it, and they are hip liberals

how can they be wrong?
Can someone ELI5
But the corporate run media told me I had nothing to worry about!
Sensationalism aside, the thing that always bothered me was that the groups negotiating the terms weren't our Congressmen/women, and we had nothing but leaks before the final draft is released. 

I understand that some details need to be covered before their decided, but something with this scope should be subject to far more oversight.
There are already [sites](https://www.popularresistance.org/tag/tpp/) set up dedicated to organizing the opposition. The ratification of the TPP is not nearly as much of a sure thing as vested interests would like you to believe. Fast track authority was only approved by 5 votes. That means if 5 congressmen in the house can be convinced to change their votes the TPP would be dead in the water. Also keep in mind that next week is a recess week. Congressmen will be back in their home districts and ideally listening to their constituents. Speak up.
Will this make the stock market value increase?
I wonder if it too late for Canada to back out to back out of this horseshit.  
  

Who initiated this fiasco?
[deleted]
This rhetoric sounds like the same stuff that was being said about previous free trade agreements.
It's almost like people think that a foreign treaty can supercede your own laws that are guarded by constitutional law...  First you have to sign the trade deal, then you have to implement laws that correspond to what is in the deal...   and they can't just go against your own laws without specifically changing them, and certainly cannot go against your constitutional law.  

For the most part it's standard trade, just make sure your government doesn't pass any bs associated legislation and there won't be a problem.
What a title
Write your congressman and tell them not to pass the TPP before its too late!
http://www.contactingthecongress.org/
http://www.consumer-action.org/action/articles/make_your_voice_heard
Funny how when you only consult corporate advisers you end up with corporate largess.
Maybe a dumb question, but is there a way to vote against it? 
Are you from PA, op? Worst than is a very PA thing in my experience. Now, if you'll excuse me there's some werter in my wersher and I let it there too long.
What can I do against this as a small &amp; unimportant person?
People behind the text have lost touch with reality trying to create their own.
Don't we understand that the world's power will be in the corporates' hands and no longer in the govts'? This is a scary development. TTP causes the companies to become the govt... This is so dangerous...
I'm not going to pretend I know anything about corporations and give 2 cents on the TPP, but any corporate takeover results in profits for the few and financial burden for the many.
Can someone ELI5?
Will this cause the painful deaths of millions of people over the next 6 months?  Because that's what *I* fear.  And you say it's WORSE than that?
How much are they bribing Obama?
Good ol' Chris Hedges. He speaks the brutal truth like too few nowadays do.
OP, grammar check plox
If the TPP was released on the 6th, and one needs to read it and write the article, get it submitted, published, etc., how does one explain this seemingly inhuman feat?  Even with a group of people reading a piece, you then have to fit those pieces together to get the content, and that could easily take over a day of discussion to formulate good and bad parts.  Something is amiss in the reporting this soon.  

What the person said may well be true, but I want to hear from someone who can actually say they read it. 

Of course I'm worried and don't like the TPP, but the article is just off.  If we had increased our exports under Bush, we wouldn't have had such a problem with job loss, and our trade deficits wouldn't have increased.
Media control of information and an uneducated populace unaware of the concept of corporatism and the fact that modern America is essentially a pyramid scheme are at the root of corporate and the gluttony class getting away with this sort of shenanigans. 
This makes me hate Undercover Boss soooo much.
/r/titlegore
I wish I knew if Obama understands this and is just part of the gang selling us up the river.  I had respect for him but if he understands the details of the TPP and is still pushing it then he is just a hollow corporate shill.  To bad.  I thought he was a great man.
Can't the government just, you know, not sign onto it?
Hell no it's not. FDR trying to add more Supreme Court justices is by far the most blatant power grab in American history. 
Seriously, an alternet article? 
You mean its worse than the Patriot Act?  And it's being put into place by a Democrat?!  You don't say!
You can tell it's a bad idea because it has a pleasant sounding name.
&gt; TiSA, by calling for the privatization of all public services, is a mortal threat to the viability of the U.S. Postal Service, public education and other government-run enterprises and utilities; together these operations make up 80 percent of the U.S. economy.

Can anyone explain this?  Government-run services make up about [**8**%](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Economy_of_the_United_States#Employment) of the US economy, not 80%...
TL;DR?
How do I, a citizen of the world, put a stop to this nonsense?
Why are all the terrible things coming true from Shadowrun, but we aren't getting any of the neat stuff like cyber ware or magic?
Even if all of this end-of-the-world hysteria were true, it seems dependent on President Obama signing it into law before it gets to Congress. Doubtful, at best. But I did enjoy the use of many big words such as coup d’état, sacrosanct and subjugation.
worse. worser. worst. worsted. worstedests.
So I'm not the brightest when it comes to this stuff. Is there anything an average joe like me can do to fight against it?
Canada isn't too happy about it either :( 
Citizens United and now this. Pretty soon the USA won't have branches of government. It will just have a board of directors.
The recently elected and very popular new Liberal government
supports TPP.


This is a problem. 
Companies have been doing this forever, they are always on the verge of these **AMAZING** products, or services, or 50% price reductions, but then those damn regulations that further competition stopped them from giving their customers all these spectacular things. Yet, Time Warner Cable magically started offering 300 Mbps for $60/month only after Google Fiber started their build out.
This is especially laughable since we actually  HAD net neutrality for decades before AT&amp;T sued the FCC and won a judgment that their old system of enforcement wasn't within the law.
"Lollipop bushes and gumdrop rainbows were planned for our candy colored eden of infinite wonder of joy, free for all to romp and play in! The end of all worries and eternal peace was *just around the corner*...

Then came **NET NEUTRALITY** to ruin it all! Now we have terrorism, global warming, and people who turn left from the center lane of traffic!"
I'm envisioning AT&amp;T as Immortan Joe in a non-Net Neutrality world, and I'm envisioning those "amazing data 'usage plan' deals" as the water he would use to control us lowly peasants. 

&gt; Do not, my friends, become addicted to data. It will take hold of you, and you will resent its absense.

Edit: The [Mad Max reference](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aBD30p1tUgg&amp;t=3m47s)
Damn it FCC, we were two weeks away from 10 gigabit for everyone.
Meanwhile, they were supposed to actually build more U-Verse/Fiber services because they were allowed to buy DIRECTV, and that hasn't happened yet.
"For just an extra $100 per month, we'll give you priority internet so that you can stream videos in a higher quality than 240p!"
Even if this were true, net neutrality is worth way more than a good /better deal from AT&amp;T, or any other big corporation(s)
It says a lot about the lack of decent journalism these days when huge companies like AT&amp;T feel free to tell such an obvious manipulative lie.        
edit: I realize this article calls out AT&amp;T, my comment is referring to lack of similar articles in big media (fox,cnn,etc) where most people get their 'news'. I think that reliable failure in big media these days is why companies like AT&amp;T feel free to put out lies like this.

The fact that their "plans" would violate net neutrality says they probably werent going to benefit you in any way. Were probably better off. Now if they would just get rid of the carrier zoning and provide real competition that would be great. 
yaaa and my boss was just about to buy me an escalade when i quit ....
/r/nottheonion
AT&amp;T Tech came to my house recently cause we were having connection issues. I asked him about their gigabit service and about how Google Fiber is looking into coming to a neighboring city.

The tech told me that AT&amp;T's Gigabit won't likely be coming, but my city is one of those that will go halfies with Google for their fiber.

Your days are numbered Uverse.
My mom tried this with me once. I was kind of a bad student up until 3rd grade. So, on report card day I "accidentally" lost my report card on my way home from the last day of school. My mom says, "Well, we were going to get you kids all Y memberships for summer but without a report card we can't do that now." Told me it didn't matter if it was As, or Ds, I could only get membership with the report card. So, I went back and retrieved the card, and handed it to my mom. She forgot ever mentioning YMCA memberships and I got in trouble for making a D. Was grounded for a few weeks.


Great deals just like the new Comcast caps and credit are designed to save you money. $20 per mb over the limit and 10 cents credit per GB you go under!
Aw.  I'm sure everything would have been sunshine and unicorns.
All I can do is laugh bitterly and look at the notification from Comcast I recieved on the first that I'm being "trialed" to a 300 gig a month cap and will have to pay 35 bucks more each month if I want my old package back, but somehow that's meant to save me money. 

Can anyone explain to me why broadband ISPs can get away with this when they were ruled subject to Title II regulations and utility classification back in February? Weren't they supposed to be reined in on account of being necessary monopolies, and therefore requiring heavy oversight and regulation to ensure pricing and service packages aren't abused? 
And I swear I was JUST about to sign up for AT&amp;T but then they decided not to offer "a bunch of amazing deals" so I didn't.

See how that works AT&amp;T?
Att went from me owing them $60 to them owing me $3.90 they can go suck one...
http://www.reactiongifs.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/I-dont-believe-you.gif
Hahahahhahahhahahhaha........hahahahahhahahahaha.......hahahahahahahahahahha......but yeah, bullshit.
The promotional mug was going to be especially awesome.
They randomly doubled my data allowance last week automatically at no extra charge. They seem so weirdly inconsistent.
"Your insistence on human rights has forced us to decrease your services performance."
Best ATT ever did for me was a dialtone.  No DSL no fiber. Nothing better than a pots line.  
Net neutrality didn't happen. It was preserved. What the fuck.
This is like when I broke up with my girlfriend in high school and RIGHT after we broke up she told me she wanted me too take her virginity...but it was too late now.....
*snaps*

Awww, darnit.
Why do we even pay attention to anything cable/internet companies tell us?

All we want to know is how much and what do we get for that.

Everything else is lies.
I had no qualms ditching ATT *before* hearing about this.
Their amazing deal was to charge more money for the same service.
If their programs ran afoul of net neutrality, *we didn't want them.* They would just be designed to lock us in and wall off competition, which is the opposite of what we want.
Last night AT&amp;T sent me my "You're using too much 'unlimited' data message so we may throttle you. My data cycle restarts today so before I went to bed I made sure to start a nice long download.

I'm passive aggressive like that.
I worked at AT&amp;T as an engineer for 6 years. I ran afoul of them when I became a very big proponent of Net Neutrality and tried educating people from the inside. 

Here's what I can tell you...the average "engineer" at AT&amp;T is someone who worked in one of the large HQs and was promoted up for doing what they were told. Having an engineering degree at AT&amp;T is looked down upon as a bad thing. I spoke to many lawyers and PR people at AT&amp;T and the lawyers...good people, but they flat out have no idea how the technology works and are being advised by people who are being advised who are being advised...basically one long telephone game. 

The company line is very anti-Net Neutrality and the people who get promotions are the ones who do exactly what they're told and never ask questions. 
Fuck you AT&amp;T
AT$T customers who are in a monopoly situation, Suggested response: 

I was going to upgrade to your most expensive plan, until you told that massive lie.
Amazing for them, terrible for the customers.
When I was just a little sprite, there were many car rides where my mom used to *swear* she was "just about" to take me me to McDonald's or "just about" to take us to get ice cream, but then I said or did something unfavorable which essentially threw the future favor right out the fucking window.

Granted many of those times I probably *did* actually screw myself out of a Happy Meal or ice cream, but I'll never know how many times it was really just my mom spouting hot air.

Btw, I was planning on giving gold to everyone who responded to my comments today, but then net neutrality happened, so...  sorry guys.
&gt; had to “shelve a bunch of stuff” that it wanted to do for fear of running afoul of the FCC’s net neutrality rules

can anyone explain how "amazing" deals can run afoul with the FCC rules? Isn't this mean the deals were actually shit and they can't offer them now because of the more "fair" rules?
I was gonna give you some deals, but then I got high.
They were really great offers too, but then I got high.
If you want to know the reason why, I won't lie,
Because I got high, because I got high, because I got high.
Lucky for AT&amp;T, there is Section 629 in the 2016 spending bill that will free them up to offer us great things again.

[Sec. 629. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to regulate, directly or indirectly, the prices, other fees, or data caps and allowances (as such terms are described in paragraph 164 of the Report and Order on Remand, Declaratory Ruling, and Order in the matter of protecting and promoting the open Internet, adopted by the Federal Communications Commission on February 26, 2015 (FCC 15–24)) charged or imposed by providers of broadband Internet access service (as defined in the final rules in Appendix A of such Report and Order on Remand, Declaratory Ruling, and Order) for such service, regardless of whether such regulation takes the form of requirements for future conduct or enforcement regarding past conduct.]

https://www.congress.gov/bill/114th-congress/house-bill/2995/text?q=%7B%22search%22%3A%5B%22%5C%22None+of+the+funds+made+available+by+this+Act+may+be+used+to+regulate%2C+directly+or+indirectly%2C+the+prices%2C+other+fees%2C+or+data+caps+and+allowances+%28as+such+terms+are+described+in+paragraph+164%5C%22%22%5D%7D&amp;resultIndex=1
Sounds like my ex, "I was gonna give you a BJ but then you had to go and be a deck!"
I have absolutely no doubts that NN has delayed or stopped some new plans and ideas. When new legislation is put in place you should always review your current and upcoming startegies to make sure you dont run afoul of the law.


What I dont believe is that ATT was going to give us some super duper totally awesome deal and now it cant because of NN. 
"...chances are we aren’t missing out on all that much."

Actually, chances are were better off without whatever it was. AT&amp;T can roast in a fire for all I care...
It is known that American Internet companies Dont need to throttle speeds or offer early 2000's speeds only available. It's all for money. And not just the cop out answer; "yeah it's a company they try to make profit". The grinch only fucked with a single town. These people are going beyond the country of origin because of lobbying. The whole world will suck their dick. But Comcast will probably charge you a convenience fee for swallowing. 
And I bet they also have a girlfriend that lives in Canada.
I swear, I was on the verge of buying 25 cellphones, each with their own individual 50 year AT&amp;T contract. But then they released this statement. 
My wife pulls the same crap. Whenever we have a fight she always says "I was going to have sex with you tonight" or "I was gonna give you a BJ tonight, but you just ruined it by fighting." 

I call bullshit every time.
We were going to offer super high speeds at very low prices, but then we took a Net Neutrality arrow to the knee.
tangent/ AT&amp;T is easily the worst part about using the Apple ecosystem. 

Still not brave enough to drop the iPhone and switch to Google Fi, however. 
This is seriously at the top of /r/all? This isn't even a fucking article. Did any of you open it? It's a vague quote from an ATT senior and then a fuck ton of criticism and speculation. It's a quote even taken out of context. 

I'm not defending ATT. But holy fuck there's no news here...Reddit you never cease to amaze me
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA

Ok, ok, hold on......

BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA

TIL AT&amp;T is a 9 year old child.
Damnit Reddit! We were so close!
/r/thatHappened
Remember ATT is really that most hated of companies SBC global 
Keep talking shit and you're going to end up being regulated like the public utility you are.

Pesky FCC anyway...
TIL "amazing" = "expensive"
As amazing as my "unlimited" data plan that becomes an unusable drip once I exceed an invisible cap which seems to shift month to month?
And of course they wont tell us what those amazing deals were or how the new rules stopped them.
First of all AT&amp;T is whining (if they did indeed say this) and probably even making up bullshit for the sake of putting the net neutrality issue in a negative light.  To that, I say get over it or get creative.  
  
And that brings me to my second of all; the net neutrality issues certainly didn't stop T-Mobile from getting very creative and aggressive so if anything that just backs up my first off all.  
  
AT&amp;T needs to stop focusing on the wrong customers (their investors) and start focusing on the people who actually pay their bills (the people who buy their products and services.)
Yeah sure grandma, you were just about to take us to blockbuster but we can forget about it now. Ok.
I thought T-Mobile merged with Sprint?
What a crock of shit
Oh ya? Let's hear em big boy.
Sounds like a lot of hooplah to me.
TIL AT&amp;T is 3 years old
Here is a sneak peak of AT&amp;Ts amazing fast lane "deals" that we all missed out on: https://i.imgur.com/muJfxMQl.jpg
Didn't stop T Mobile from offering a bunch of stuff
I'm good without the "deals" thanks.
Room 641A is a telecommunication interception facility operated by AT&amp;T for the U.S. National Security Agency that commenced operations in 2003 and was exposed in 2006
Damn we are missing some amazing deals from them:

* Buy Internet, Pay for TV too!

* Unlimited internet 50mbs* ^*data ^cap ^of ^50gb ^extra ^$10 ^per ^gb ^and ^speed ^reduced ^to ^5mb ^M-F ^8am-12am

* Bundle your TV, Phone, Internet and Radio - Only pay $10 more than separate because we are saving you the hassle of paying multiple bills!
Oh well I'm sure we will get over it. 
I hate when that happens.
I know the feeling AT&amp;T.  I swear that I was about to have amazing sex with Blake Lively, but then she *just* decided that she was going to marry Ryan Reynolds instead, and then *POOF*, it was like she didn't even know I existed. I got into bed every night, and she wasn't there. The numbers I dialed wasn't hers. It was like I never even knew her!

Yes, that's how it all happened.
I was going to give you a cookie if you let me rape you, but since you didn't, no cookie! Your loss!
I thought I remember AT&amp;T was the one of the companies taking the lead in dropping unlimited data plans long ago. 
i was in a store about to combine a few plans and the guy had the balls to tell me that the FCC is the reason why they CAN'T offer unlimited data anymore.
&gt;Quinn says that every time the company has an idea, it has “literally 15 lawyers who are all trying to figure out whether that stuff we’ve invested in… would be a violation of the order.”

Idiot. Then maybe you should check to see if it's a violation before you put all the R&amp;D into it?

But, no, AT&amp;T isn't that smart.  I worked for them for 2 years and this is really par for the course.
Would they of stopped throttling my internet connection as well and gotten rid of bandwidth allowances? 

Believe it or not 200GB can easily be reached in a matter of 2 weeks in a family of 5 who all occasionally work from home, play video games online, and watch youtube and netflix.
It had to "shelve a bunch of stuff." It was probably a bunch of stuff designed to fuck people over. 
Because with net neutrality you can't offer "free, unlimited access to google, hulu and Netflix for the first 6 months on a 2 year Internet plus contract". Any offer that net neutrality prevents them from selling you is an offer you are better off without.
AT&amp;T taking a page from my mother's playbook, I see.
We've been waiting LITERALLY years to give you the service you all deserve. But you've broken our trust, America. And now we have to spend money on more "R&amp;D" to figure out how to increase our bottom line.
Hahahahahaha
How many times have we heard that line, "I was about to do this but this happened"
So why don't they prove it? Show us what great deals and innovations you have sitting on the shelf and how net neutrality prevents their release. 
/r/quityourbullshit
Things that AT&amp;T had to cancel: third summer home for Board of directors, pet tiger (they lost the last one). And paying off another 10 members of Congress 
Did they ever offer anything amazing *before* net neutrality?
&gt; Quinn says that every time the company has an idea, it has “literally 15 lawyers who are all trying to figure out whether that stuff we’ve invested in… would be a violation of the order.”

What's not being said here is that the "great ideas" they're talking about are new ways to ~~fuck their customers over for more money~~ re-monetize their current technology to get more money without having to invest any money in infrastructure and innovation.

Here's the only feature I ever want out of my wireless provider: 

fast, reliable coverage
That's funny because I swear I was about to keep AT&amp;T Uverse but me finding faster, more reliable service happened.
Choke on a dick and literally die, AT&amp;T 
Yet people will buy this nonsense from insurance companies re: Obamacare
For some reason I am envisioning Eric Cartman say "Ewwww you guys, I was totally gonna give you some more deals. Yeeeeahh, tooooootally was."
Is this sort of like how Papa John threatened that Obamacare was going to push the price of pizza so high that we'd only be able to buy them with printer ink?
How about we read the article from the source instead of the grubbing website that just Copied and Pasted the info...

http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2015/12/att-says-it-shelved-a-bunch-of-ideas-because-of-net-neutrality-rules/
Well, they probably aren't lying.  Nowhere did they say that these new "innovations" would be beneficial to the customer instead of just a way to rake in more profits for them.
AT&amp;T: *"Fuck you for being our customer."*
AT&amp;T still owes me a $200 visa gift card.  Maybe once I get that, we can talk about net neutrality.
Hey AT&amp;T if you can't stand the heat get out of the kitchen!
There is no such thing as a "Deal" with ISP's
at&amp;t sounds like a drug addict who can't pay his debts.  

"M-m-man I'll have the money by next week but I ran into some trouble"
AT&amp;T just called me to tell me about their girlfriend that lives in Canada.
Instead of $100 for 15GB, they would have done it for $99? Wow, let's ditch net neutrality for this deal! /s
Those who would trade net neutrality for a super awesome deal deserve neither.  -Ben Franklin
They liked it better when they were given free money to provide outdated infrastructure by the gov.
AT&amp;T, the Donald Trump of business acumen.
fuck off AT&amp;T
AT&amp;T can suck my nut.
your a multi billion dollar company not a 6th grader trying to give an excuse why they didn't do there homework 
What net neutrality is passed.
My Google Fi bill is a third of my AT&amp;T bill, that was one amazing deal AT&amp;T offered me.
"We double the price and HALVE the amount of data. That way the data is twice as valuable to everyone!"
I was about to pay AT&amp;T more then what I owed on my bill, but then net neutrality happened....
For some reason I'm picturing AT&amp;T explaining this in the voice of Tandy from The Last Man on Earth.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U7GShnV59Uo

Freakin' dong...
This is total bullshit considering what T-Mobile has been doing.
Net Neutrality existed since the beginning of the internet, we are fight to prevent them from taking that away. 
"Deals"? Nah, I prefer a free and open internet.
AT&amp;T should list what these Amazing* things were going to be and that way we can look at them and giggle.
Boo fucking Hoo AT&amp;T.

I could not care less.
Even if what AT&amp;T is claiming is 100% true, I still wouldn't care -- the "price" is worth it for neutrality to stand. Any "deals" would be short-term gains, which apparently *required* the sacrifice of something that can't be given up.
So AT&amp;T tell us what the amazing deals were now that you can't do it anymore.
Well that's not completely true. They just gave (forced) me a wonderful deal where they tear up my yard, do a shit job of cleanup, and then offer me a much shittier service than what I currently have. What's not amazing about that?
Did you mean post this in /r/jokes?
Yeah me too... I was gonna give everyone on Reddit $1,000,000 but then, you know, net neutrality happened. 
Honestly, if AT&amp;T offered me free internet without any catches, I would still be paying for comcast because DSL just doesn't cut it, sorry.
I was *just* about to text you guys, my bad! lolol
And I SWEAR I was going to switch back to them, but then they started to act even shittier than when I originally had them.
question: is T Mobile doing well? it has all these cool initiatives but I'm not sure if they are rockin' or nah profit wise
I have no doubts AT&amp;T had a whole bunch of plans that they had to shelf because of Net Neutrality, but I'm pretty sure they were shelved because they were horrible, shitty, anti-consumer plans.
&gt; “literally 15 lawyers who are all trying to figure out whether that stuff we’ve invested in… would be a violation of the order.”

Yeah, we can't expect a worldwide telecommunications conglomerate to handle a task of that kind of complexity.

I mean, my god, they'd have to raise their payroll from 243,620 employees to 243,635! And they'll need desks, and legal pads, and don't even THINK about getting their desk phones hooked up before the new year.
another day another yankee crying thread
&gt; Quinn, head of the telco's federal regulatory division, provided little detail on what kinds of services AT&amp;T might offer if not for the rules issued by the Federal Communications Commission this year. “Since the Open Internet Order came out we've had weekly calls with the business units and literally 15 lawyers who are all trying to figure out whether that stuff we've invested in... would be a violation of the order," he said at the Phoenix Center's Annual US Telecoms Symposium yesterday, according to Politico. "We've had to shelve a bunch of stuff because we've got to wait and see.”

You've got to understand how these assholes think.  They dream up new ways to bill you more, degrade service, and stick it to you - and in their warped minds they are "offering you a benefit."  What he's probably saying is:

&gt; "We've had to shelve a bunch of [removed : stuff] plans to harm consumers and gouge money from them, because we've got to wait and see."
Is it bad that AT&amp;T has been the best cell phone carrier I have ever had? Not until very recently I had crap credit and was stuck with Metro PCS and Cricket. Ting was the best "alternative" carrier, but when the iPhone 6s came out I took the plunge with AT&amp;T and have been impressed with how reliable their service is. Am I missing something?
Didn't stop T-mobile. Say what you want about the intentions of T-mobile, they're actually trying to give their customers something interesting at the cost of being shunned by the masses because of net neutrality.
Sometimes I like to think of these posts as American companies acting as if they were in a soap opera.
Damn... I bet the big surprise was they weren't going to set a 250GB datacap on new customers in my area..... Darn. 
[Sure Jan](http://giphy.com/gifs/wzxK9cmYgIPDy?tc=1)
AT&amp;T has been shady from Day 1, since its founder stole the telephone patent from Elisha Gray.
From the article

    Quinn says that every time the company has an idea, it has “literally 15 lawyers who are all trying to figure out whether that stuff we’ve invested in… would be a violation of the order.”

I bet you could increase network speeds and capacities without consulting lawyers or worrying about running afoul of FCC regulations.

Why don't you just do that?

Any other plans you had that had to be run by lawyers, just drop them. They were bullshit anyway.


Fuck AT&amp;T. Lying bastards still owe me a gift card for signing up.
I totally believe this! Also I was born last night.
"I was going to let you use my crayons, but now you can't"
This is another great example of the chutzpa of our ruling class. They outright lie, politicians and Big Buisiness both pissing on our legs and telling us its raining.
Yep, I believe that.
I don't suppose that Sr. VP Bob Quinn specifically mentioned what they had to shelf out of fear of running afoul of the FCC, did they? Otherwise, what he said is pretty much a caricature of "jilted lover syndrome", that they always want to do so many great things for us, but here we go, turning on them by insisting on Net Neutrality and getting the FCC to make it so.
Are giant corporations like shitty parents because they're run by shitty parents, or are shitty parents shitty because they work for giant shitty corporations? 
-shitty parent asking
I thought this was /r/writingprompts for a second
AT&amp;T's idea of an amazing deal is for you to pay them through the nose to only stick *three* fingers up your ass, instead of the whole fist.
What a really odd thing to advertise.  They are saying they planned on rolling out things - but because of net neutrality they can't.  How can that be spun to be good?  That's literally what net neutrality was supposed to do.  They are basically saying "we were about to screw you more, but that law y'all passed to stop us from screwing you is stopping us from screwing you".  
AT&amp;T stopped with their UVerse rollout several years ago -- they had no intention of completing some serious upgrades when they saw the writing on the wall.  How soon before they sell off their entire land line business?  All the big money (and control) rests in wireless (and sat) communications, NOT with physical lines.
Just like the mob was about to offer me this amazing protection deal, but the government came along and said that was a racket.
AT&amp;T is so full of shit.
Hah, nice try ~~comcast~~ AT&amp;T
/r/thathappened
they will offer you anything to restrict your data usage or tier your access to curtain sites and put up pay walls and add ads to your phone just to take your shopping habits and and spy on you so they can sell that info to make more money
Yeah, nice try, AT&amp;FuckYou.  We can see right through your BS.
Fairview is a secret program under which the National Security Agency cooperates with the American telecommunications company AT&amp;T in order to collect phone, internet and e-mail data mainly of foreign countries' citizens at major cable landing stations and switching stations inside the United States. The FAIRVIEW program started in 1985, one year after the Bell breakup
I was going to switch to your service AT&amp;T, but oops... Just found out you're all fuck faces.
Of course they COULD offer great deals if not for net neutrality.  Remember what cable was like in the 1990s?  All the Pat Robertson you can handle.  Our tv had 33 channels on it and on Sunday morning, 1 out of every 3 had an evangelist asking for money.  The future without net neutrality is unlimited streaming, so long as it's a church asking for money.
please dont shut down us.east battle.net server 
*“literally 15 lawyers who are all trying to figure out whether that stuff we’ve invested in… would be a violation of the order.”*

AT&amp;T has a [legal department of *400* lawyers](https://www.sfbar.org/forms/sfam/q42010/in-house-counsel-at&amp;t-q4.pdf). It would be a real shame if 3 or 4 percent of them had to take a little time away from hounding delinquent grandmothers to verify that a major corporate initiative involving many millions of consumer dollars was legal.
Amazing for AT&amp;T, sure.
Someone needs to edit the clip from Archer into a .gif where Lana tells Cyril that this thing she never mentioned, well thats surely not gonna happen. 
I think when they said "shelve a bunch of stuff" they meant to say, "throttle your data plan".
Hahaha get the fuck out AT&amp;T

Hey /u/JackassWhisperer,


This is now the top post on reddit. It will be recorded at /r/topofreddit with all the other top posts.
AT&amp;T is shit. Their equipment is old and they won't replace it. The remotes are shit. I was promised one amount for services in my new home and then -- surprise! -- the discount expired after one month.

AT&amp;T with *NEVER* get my endorsement.
Proof or it didn't happen.
Me no like ATT
Pricing people for data usage and text messages in 2015 is equivalent to charging for hours spent on the internet (see AOL "Free 10 hours" CDs) in 2005.  They just charge it because they can, not due to actual company cost / technology
I hope people who just read headlines realizes this is satire.

The people who understand net neutrality get it. The ones that NEED to understand net neutrality (who make decisions and all that) will misinterpret it.

Talk about blatant propaganda.

Was it Verison or AT&amp;T that couldn't understand the concept of 1KB vs 1MB of data? I forget where that youtube vid went...
Ah bummer! Now we'll never find out how awesome those deals were! /s
I believe this is true.  Corporate faith in advertising as the best human faith path is extremely high.  And people's faith in corporations is the same strength.

They would have made exclusive deals that they feel create synergy far beyond non-exclusive deals.  Look at the iPhone &amp; AT&amp;T the first two years, they feel that this kind of exclusivity sells like *Studio 54*, private jets, and *Club 33*.  They believe that exclusive deals creates wealth, that marketing and advertising and so forth, creates wealth!

I've personally been to *Club 33*, a private jet that Air Force One development staff toured and got advice on, etc. Don't ever underestimate the power of jewels, crowns, colors, cosmetics, speech patterns, and uniforms to change people.  If anything, factories Brands/Logos/Trademarks are the deepest faith of the power-seeking.  Edward Bernays faithful rule the day!  [I'm with Richard Feynman](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rM4NF_j4muY) on how important this issue is.  The human meat computer seems to be easily hacked.
AT&amp;T is one of the worst companies to keep the deals they actually advertise.  Check out sites like slickdeals.net where people consistently complain about a promo AT&amp;T is running, but when someone calls in to get the promo the sales rep says it's no longer available - but there's this other deal they want to tell you about, it's just not as awesome as the advertised one....and actually kinda sucks...
AHAHAHAAHAHA Okay, AT&amp;T, sure.
This post should've been on r/jokes instead. 
Wit yo lying ass........
Nice try AT&amp;T.  My parents tried this one too.  "We were going to go the county fair this weekend but since you got in trouble we can't."
AT&amp;T is a joke. They came into my area and said they were cutting off our existing service to 'upgrade' from DSL to 'U-Verse'. They did this ahead of Google laying down it's fiber line. Of course the 'U-Verse' stuff is still 100% worse then Google Fiber. On top of that after getting switched from my 15 year old plan (the DSL) to U-Verse 'DSL' I spent 3 months getting my bill corrected to be charged the right amount. Oh and they didn't cancel my old DSL service so I was getting charged for that too. It took me 3 months of calling and visiting the local AT&amp;T store to finally get it resolved. Fuck 'em.
Long ago in a Distant Land,

I, Net Neutrality, the legislative master of non-preferential treatment, unleashed an UNSPEAKABLE FREEDOM!

But a foolish telecom ISP wielding an army of lawyers stepped forth to oppose me.

Before the final trial was concluded, I tore open a portal in time and flung him into the future where website equality is law!

Now the fool seeks to return to the past

And undo the future that is Net neutrality!
Isn't it a bit illegal to punish the consumer because the business has to follow the law? Sounds like a lawsuit ripe for the picking to me.
I could do without the immense level of sarcasm here. 
How is it hacking if you legally own the hardware outright?
Good. My router with Tomato and an ad blocking script continue to be legal. :-)

EDIT: For those wondering how to do so, [here is an old, but still useful, tutorial](http://lifehacker.com/5060053/set-up-universal-ad-blocking-through-your-router).

EDIT 2: Tomato doesn't work on *all* routers, but it does work on a lot of them. I'm using Tomato by Shibby, which is a few years old, but still covers a *ton* of routers. [Here is a router compatibility list](http://tomato.groov.pl/?page_id=69). If you don't have a router that is there, you can see if you can install dd-wrt on your router, as it's pretty similar. [Here is a list of routers that work with dd-wrt](http://www.dd-wrt.com/wiki/index.php/Supported_Devices).
What's the advantage of installing different firmware? 

Also, what are some sites I can download said firmware if I find that I would like to install it? 
In this thread: A bunch of people who don't know what RF spectrum is or what the FCC does, but sure are certain this was never a problem.
So... How do I "hack" my router?
TIL a firmware flash is hacking...
Oh geeze FCC, *thank you*. *Thank you so much* for giving me permission to use my *own property*. 

Now, if you could just do your job and put all those tax avoiding, lying, fraudulent telecom CEOs in prison for the litany of crimes they've committed, well gee golly that'd be just swell. *Thanks!*
If the FCC wants to ensure the compliance of wifi radios--whether it be in routers or any other hardware--they should *require radio firmware be open source*.  It's such a brain-dead obvious solution to the problem that a few decades from now people will look back at this time and wonder, "WTF was wrong with these people‽"

Eventually the FCC, NTSB, and copyright laws will all be in alignment on the subject of requiring source be available for compliance and safety inspection.  When that day arrives the media will talk about how long it took to get to that point and politicians will be quoted saying things like, "hindsight is 20/20" after the 1000th horrific recall, disaster, or similar forces their hand.

Don't let them get away with it; I'm saying it *now* and you should too:  **"If we must ensure compliance, safety, or security then open source is the *only* option."**

Don't let anyone ever say that "hindsight is 20/20" on this topic.  I'm probably going to repeat this comment over and over again so that in the future I can say that we warned people of the problems but they *did the wrong thing anyway*.
Pretty sure I'm not allowed to modify the hardware to allow it to transmit over regulated power.  But then, I never was anyway.
But I'm not allowed to make a jammer out of it still, so moot point for me.
Merlin on ASUS router anyone? 
how do I hack my own router?
Dear FCC, I know that. It's my fucking router. 

Signed,

Everyone
Nice,  now if only they would come out and say something about Comcast data caps
I want to hack my wifi to improve the signal to my bedroom in back of the house. How can I do this?
Read the title as "FUCK: yes..."
I'm so glad I have permission to modify a thing that I own. Next, I'll be seeking permission from Toyota to put aftermarket rims on my Camry. Wish me luck.
Didn't need your permission but thanks just the same. Seriously. Thanks.
It'd have to be something not leased I'd imagine.
If someone wanted to do this, what is a good site to learn from?
It looks like freedoms to alter code on your own personal property are gradually increasing. It'll be interesting to see the direction this discussion goes as self driving cars become mainstream.
Good luck. They're encrypting their firmware now
ELI5: What does hacking your wifi router do and what is tomato, ddwrt? How would I use and benefit from them?
Good. My router with Tomato and an ad blocking script continue to be legal. :-)

Wow, thanks Mr. Government for allowing me to tinker with something that I fucking bought!
Good, because I intend to continue whether I'm allowed to or not.
That's great FCC, but I don't need your permission to play with the toys that I bought and own.
Me to FCC: It is cute that you think I need permission.
I'm not very good with technology what does this mean?
Even if its not allowed, they gonna check up on millions of routers?
I own the damn thing, if I want to bake it and eat it for dinner I'll do it and not ask anyone for permission.

They can take their "allowed" and shove it right up their pretentious assholes.
"Allowed."   Am I the only one tired of hearing that word from unelected bureaucrats?  
I'm glad they changed their stance on this... the original ruling basically made even Linux illegal since it was illegal to install non approved software on anything that has networking capabilities, and Linux would most likely not have been considered approved as it's open source and the goal behind this was to stop people from changing stuff. 

Funny thing is it has nothing to do with the actual spectrum, if someone wants to mess with that, they'll do it at the hardware level such as build their own transmitter. 
I didnt know I needed your permission.
Just remember. Don't do this if you're renting the router from your provider. It's still illegal if it's not your property.
That's the answer to a different question. The important question is, "Can companies sell routers that are easily modifiable (hackable)? And what steps are companies required to take to ensure that owners can't modify the functionality of the router?"
Thanks for your permission?
Thanks for the permission.........lol
Can someone explain how or why this affects me?
oh.. time to update my list for the stupidest thing I ever heard.
Huh. Neat.

TIL you can hack routers
Eli5 Why is this important?
If anyone has clear instruction on putting Tomato/Open-WRT/DD-WRT PLUS ad blocking on a TL-841ND then please share.

Some redditor shared a script for using it on an Open-WRT but I've only found one complicated set of instructions for installing that firmware on the router in the first place and it's the least user friendly one so I'd rather use Tomato/DD-WRT anyways.
Hell yeah. My linksys 150-n POS with ddwrt chilispot paypal wifi is still "legit"
Well I was gonna do it either way, so ...
ME:  I was gonna do that anyway.
Who cares and why? 
Never knew this wasn't legal, been running DD-WRT for years.
I misread this as "FCC: yes, we're allowed to hack your WiFi router" and got insanely pissed off for a fraction of a second before realizing my stupidity
Oh good, like it's only because the FCC says so, right?
Shopping for a new wireless router, need speed for video streaming, what do you guys recommend under $400? Do you recommend one that also has the cable modem combined in one?
Ha! I would have fucking done it anyway.
Wait I'm slow here I didn't know you can hack a router and what exactly does it do?
Yeah!? Well, shit.
This is good because it strengthens proporty rights. 

This is the type of forward policy making we need 
If and when the hardware is designed for it.
While FCC may regulate other authorities, to whom they own there own manufactured products still has licensable rights. Dont think u can hack products where you naturally dont have any claim on.
Do they honestly think I'd buy hardware which prevents use of third party software?
Can I flash my router so it's open but redirects everyone to like meat spin if they sent on a Mac allowed list or something
Why would i wabt to hack my wifi router?
If it's legal, now I don't care about it. If they had made it illegal, I'd have gone out of my way to learn how, and do so regardless.
Sweet. Now what can I do about my data cap?
Why not limit the frequency range in hardware?
I'm glad the FCC made this decision as it is the logical one.

However, I don't really think they had much of a choice.

If I buy hardware they really can't stop me (or anyone) from messing with it. All they could do is try to enforce it after the fact. That is a battle lost before it begins.
it doesn't matter if they make it illegal or not people are still going to install custom firmwares and even if they make it illegal people just build their own routers buy a CPU RAM and motherboard and install pci express gigabit ethernet cards and install pfSense or OpenWrt these router companies intentionally let attack vectors in their routers because they want World Nations to be easier to spy on people
Me: Your opinion is irrelevant FCC, I'll keep doing what I was always doing and continue doing it when you decide to negatively change the imaginary rules you already set forth that I already ignore.
I own it. No shit.
OH, THANK YOU GOVERNMENT! UNZIP YOUR PANTS SO I CAN THANK YOU PROPERLY!!!
So, since I have the luxury of doing it, how do i hack it? And then why should I hack it?
okay...so what can you do once hacked into your router?  I understand the why you should be allowed to...but not the reason why you would want to.

I love that if I make a bullshit post I get gold, but if I post a legit question I get downvotes lol
I'm to dumbb to care about this one. 
Can someone ELI5 what hacking a wireless router does?
The FCC has been on point with these decisions.
Gee, thanks FCC. I mean, I was gonna do it anyway regardless but I appreciate your blessing.
Thanks FCC... Glad to know I can use my property in a way that I see fit.  Thank you all powerful and knowing benevolent government!
ITT: people who are grateful to the feds to be allowed to use their own property.  
That sucks.
Permission is not freedom of course
It blows my mine that in the "land of the free", that this is even a conversation. You bought the ****ing thing. It's yours to break, develop on, take a dumb on if you want to. 

Next our government is going to tell us it's illegal to wear out hats backwards. GTFO

It is really only lip service. They removed the language about DD-WRT, but manufacturers still have to show they have a way to stop their router from going out of spec. One of the only economical ways to do that is to stop users from installing their own software.
Even if it wasn't legal, who's going to stop me? Like I give a fuck.
Fuck you FCC, you don't grant the right, you simply won't deny the right. There's a major difference. 
Thanks for the permission to do whatever I want to an object I own.  
Tried and bricked it..  FCC is wrong! 
Tried and bricked it..  FCC is wrong! 
And you're allowed to suck a capital dick. Can't tell me what to do with my own stuff.
There shouldn't even be a need to "hack" it.

The manufacturer's firmware upgrade process should make it easy to install the firmware of your choice. It's called catering to your customers.

EDIT: I see many people don't bother to read the second paragraph in a post, sad lot.
FCC: yes, you're allowed to modify your own property. For now.
Oh well thank you for allowing me. Can my bed time also be pushed back 2 hours?
Why would it even matter if it's forbidden to do that? Nobody will ever find out if you do.
Don't fucking tell me that you twats. I KNOW! Tell the shit eating, cokedout, ravenous, greed monsters you hope to work for. 
That linksys router pictured in the article is badass looking! Reminds me of a modernized wrt54...the legend. I still have 2, one of which i use as a bridge.

Its a wrt1900ac for anyone wondering, looks like they're $200+. 
tl:Dr someone just tell me how to get better or free wifi
I have a Ham Radio license. I can pump up my power over 4 watts. 
How is it hacking then you're simply burning a new image on the hardware? That's not what hacking is.
Well this is still significant but not necessarily the end of it. 

Its good to have these laws spelled out with examples of where it stands to make it clear when someone tries to argue against a persons rights to use their property as they see fit. 

But the bad news is atleast from one of the earlier TPP discussions that could be ignored. There was a specific section that discussed that aspect of modifying your technology for uses unintended by the manufacturer.

And at least from my experience in Canada, International laws can supersede national laws. 
I don't need the FCC tell me I am allowed to hack my router.  I paid for the damn thing.  I can do whatever I want to it.  I don't need your permission.
&gt; Our workforce is 59% diverse, our 2014 hires were 69% diverse

What does a 59% diverse workforce mean? That only 41% are a clone army?
Should we all tweet out that David Cohen is a lobbyist? 
I'd take half the speed I get now to be able to tell this company to go fuck itself. It's just sad as hell that that's what it's come to these days and like many people, if I want internet I don't really have much choice.
&gt;As a result, Cohen -- and thousands of other lobbyists -- simply started calling themselves something else. And ever since Comcast started complaining, I've of course felt compelled to refer to him as a lobbyist as often as possible. 

This man is an actual journalist, good for him.
Can we just get someone into office that will lay down a municipal fiber network infrastructure? That would be great. 
"Chief Diversity Officer". What a horseshit title. So he spends the majority of time looking over numbers to make sure the company is x% diverse? That would take me 5 minutes. Its not above that number? Better hire some more minorities. It is higher? I'm late for a conference call with DC.... 
i don't give a single solitary fuck what color your employees are. stop making it about shit no one cares about. 

we care about you being the worst, most greedy motherfuckers to ever touch the internet.
They like to be called "Consultants".

What a crock of shit.
You know why lobbyists don't like being called lobbyists?  Because lobbying is the modern day term for bribery.
Cohen is the Chief Diversity Officer.  He therefore lobbies black, white, *and* latino Congressmen to get special favors for Comcast.
Of course he doesn't want to be called a lobbyist.

He prefers his full name and title to be used. 

Beelzebub, Lord of the Seven Hells and keeper of the Heart of Mirth, Overseer of the Lake of Bubbling Blood and 10 time Words with Friends champion 
For reference, [here](http://www.vocabulary.com/dictionary/lobbyist) is the dictionary definition of lobbyist, and [here](http://www.vocabulary.com/dictionary/evil) is the dictionary definition of comcast
I want it known, if Comcast puts pressure on dictionary publishers to update their definition of lobbyist, I called it.
I feel like if karma is a real thing, one day, there's going to be a mile wide crater where Comcast HQ now stands.
Comcast doesn't get to re-characterize their cut-throat monopolistic tactics, so fuck them for that, too.
I work with lobbyists all the time and it's funny how few call themselves lobbyists. This is especially true if they're in-house, where they almost all have a title like Vice President of Government Relations. I had assumed it was because "lobbyist" has a negative connotation, even though the work is not inherently evil (and is actually a vital part of the political process). Now I wonder how many people are trying to avoid having to disclose who they meet with. 
Fuck Comcast.
&gt;Our workforce is 59% diverse, our 2014 hires were 69% diverse

This is really interesting. Diverse from what? What the fuck is this supposed to mean? White male = not diverse, not white male = diverse?
I don't believe that special interests groups are representative or have the best interests of the American people. 
 

Can Comcast fucking just die already? What kind of act of God will it take to destroy that evil piece of shit company?
Comcast spokesperson Sena Fitzmaurice couldn't possibly have any tenure in external relations, her letter was all but an admittance that David Cohen is a lobbyist.  This is a fact simply because they responded to it and if she doesn't get in trouble for sending it and it being made public then Comcast's management is more fucked up than I ever imagined.  
  
Besides, who cares how diverse they are.  No matter the race, nationality, religious or sexual preference the service when you call them still sucks.
Holy shit are we really assuming someone can't lobby without spending more than 20% of their time in DC? 
Another reason Comcast needs to be SHUT DOWN for good.
"I know I may be not worth asking, but could you use factual information in your pieces?" 

Looks like the pot is calling the kettle Comcast 
one of the biggest fears when youre black during the interview that you have no chance to begin with if you meet some sixty five year old man who was around before 1964.

but as a black guy i never had a problem getting a job at least at minimum wage. i've done physical labor and call center jobs and now i'm with a company that does work for the DOL in my state.

im wondering if AA carried me there or myself. i went to high school , graduated, have some college but stopped to take care of my disabled father. i have a lot of new found interests in math and science and i definitely want to go back to school. 

i hope people aren't hiring me and bigging me up because "oh hes a black kid that works really hard and can talk white pretty fluently"

i want to be the best man because i'm the best man. and white guys shouldnt be losing out just because diversity. a system that works merit is what we seek for even if most of 'my people' wont rise to the top. but in time as long as there are people like me having babies that are better raised, it wont matter. 

booker t washington came up that way.
&gt;Our workforce is 59% diverse

What the fuck does that even mean?
why cant comcast just be illegal already?
Cue every single comcast thread ever.  Maybe *this* time it will work!
They never seem to get upset when I call them an internet service provider.....


"I know I might not be worth asking"

You're right, you aren't.
What a bunch of prize winning cunts.
Comcast is the mother of lies.
I've been to his house, he lives in old town Alexandria, VA 
what, still? This guy's been talking about this since like 2013. 
He missed a key point that lobbyist aren't registered anymore because they stopped lobbying Congress. You only have to register if you lobby Congress and it is required by law regardless of official title. But luckily for lobbyist Congress can't do shit anymore, so now they go to the Executive branch or state and local government, none of which require being registered.
just rename this subreddit to /r/comcast already...nobody outside of united states gives a shit
None of this would be happening if corporations were not recognized as "persons" under the law.
I'm experiencing a case of deja vu, I swear I read this same exact (or near exact) article months ago.  is this a modified repost of some sort, does anyone know?
dude, for the last time he is a lobby artist!
&gt;That I doubt the purity of these efforts by **arguably the least-liked company in America** is most likely some kind of defect in my character, I'll be the first to admit. 

Okay, serious question: Is there any company in America more universally hated than Comcast? The only ones that spring to mind are Halliburton and Wal-Mart, but I'd be hesitant to call them "worse than Comcast".
Call them a bitch, then.
Haha- he's a lobbyist.
If I've ever seen the face of a lobbyist, [this is it.](http://www.cheapinternet.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/08/david-cohen-internet-essentials.jpg)
&gt; it may want to contact Random House and Merriam Webster with any future concerns

Please don't give them any more ideas. =\
http://tiki.oneworld.net/food/fat_cat.gif
I can't imagine the amount of stress the hiring teams at Comcast have to deal with.

It's like...everyone knows how much they're hated. 
Comcast is like the wife beater that tells his wife: "You brought this on yourself, it's for you own good."

Hh
The n


The United
Jesus, they are using the minority shield to justify lobbyists
That's Comcastic
Yet another article showing how loathsome this company is, and their paid shills were able to make the top comment a social issue about hiring white males. 

&gt; Pro Tip: You don't want to work at Comcast regardless of your status. 
So this David Cohen guy, he's a lobbyist right?
Let's split the least important hair - that'll fix our PR nightmare for sure!
"And ever since Comcast started complaining, I've of course felt compelled to refer to him as a lobbyist as often as possible."

I like this guy. A lot.
Fucking PR. 

Fuck those guys. Job is to spin every little bit of bullshit and confuse people who try to make good moral &amp; ethical decisions. 
Well, that pretty much ruled.
[deleted]
This guy spends as much time complaining about Comcast as I do playing Destiny.  
I like what the guy is saying and I agree with everything that was said, but the way it is said makes it seem like it's written by someone I wouldn't want to hang out with.  I guess that's good writing though.
this should have more upvotes. 
[deleted]
I'm surprised you haven't been sued yet.
Clearly you represent the liberal media trying to tear down a beloved franchise with your smears. 
[deleted]
Please note that up-voting articles will not be sufficient to stop this.
Donald Trump is against it, which should help get a lot of conservatives on board.
Whenever the subject of shitty legislation comes up, I feel compelled to post this explanation of the best way for an individual constituent to get the attention of their legislators:

https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/1os8rz/how_to_get_your_senators_and_representatives/

That said, I think that stopping the TPP will need much more than a letter-writing campaign.  For one thing, we're going to have to organize marches in D.C. and major cities around the country.
Ok so I've ACTUALLY opened one of the documents and looked at it.  

 It's basically a spreadsheet of 10,000+ rows with each row specifying a commercial product.   Each row has a column for countries and their agreement for tariffs on said item in row.   So most say no tariff,  but some country columns say like ending tariffs 2 years after the start. 

There is even 3 specific rows for chickens bred for cock fighting.   Which,  thank Lord,  Brunei will lower tariffs in half 4 years after adoption of the TPP , and Vietnam will have 0 tariffs on chickens bred for cock fighting at the start. 

Edit:  So that was kind of a joke to illustrate what the bulk of the thing is.   I mean Brunei has a tariff schedule for fighting cocks.   And should point there are free to import in Brunei.     But Australia doesn't have Fighting Cocks as a tariff item.   But it does have an item for dolphins which luckily will be tariff free in Australia. 
I think it's worth pointing out that this article was written before the TPP was publicly released, and the things it says about the deal could very well be wrong.
Can someone highlight the bad parts? Now that it's public I expected to see some legitimate drawbacks to go along with the reddit hyperbole. 
For those interested, here is a summary of the IP provisions, including those regulating DRM, copyright duration, and copyright takedowns:

https://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/3rsf6q/the_clock_is_ticking_on_a_time_bomb_that_could/cwro480
Wait Trump, Ben Carson, Carly Fiorina, Ted Cruz, Mike Huckabee, and Rand Paul all are anti-TTP? 
This is over a month old and THE TEXT WAS ALREADY RELEASED. Read it for yourselves and evaluate whether it's good or bad instead of listening to uninformed drivel from professional fear-mongers. 

edit: "Both the Obama administration and the Canadian government have hinted that the final text may eventually be released." God this shit makes my blood boil. It's fucking legislation, they're legally obligated to make it public. But if you phrase it like that, it makes it sound scary! It's as bad as Fox News.  
I was initially very against the TPP, but as much as I hate to admit it, it is largely a good idea. The worst part was all the copyright BS, but it turns out that we already have all of that in the US. The TPP wouldn't change any of it, for better or worse. And the rest of the agreement is actually pretty good, and it would be stupid for us to reject it.
Am I the only one who feels the VAST majority of people against this are really too ignorant of all the complexity involved to really have a solid opinion on it? And are just parroting what the crowd is saying?
But I don't  want to stop it.  It's a good treaty.
Can someone give me a non-hyperbole reason that this is a bad deal? 
Canada just elected a new Liberal Government, they seem to be moving quite fast on a few files, easy and media friendly files but moving nonetheless...
Will the new Government be in a position to block or stop this, even if they wanted to?
It can't be stopped, and you're all idiots for believing otherwise. 

Do you know how the drug smugglers used to send extra, knowing that some would be found and confiscated? They'd send massive amounts, expecting only half (or less) to get through. It didn't matter because their cost to produce was so low, and the street price was so high.

Same thing here. There's never just one vote to defeat this, then you're done. There will be 10, or 20, or 40 votes... and if you miss just one, you lose. That's the way this works. You defeat SOPA, and 80% of it ends up in another bill, when no one's paying attention. Voted in as an amendment in such a way that it stays off the roster. On some Friday night, so that it's all finalized before the Monday morning news can tip you off.

If you could defeat it, they would never have bothered to make the attempt in the first place.
Why is TPP so evil? ELI5
I think people need to realize that a lot of the groups against the TPP are grasping at straws, especially now that the text is out there. Patent law is largely unchanged. Pharma patents are largely unchanged. Copyright law is tightened up internationally. DRM is now protected. In short, its just harder to steal stuff online. 
Geo-political progress can still be stopped! raise ALL the tariffs!
The Phantom Pain never stops.
No, it can't.  Just like CISA.
Anyone have any idea why Obama supports this? Would not seem like something democrats would care for, and unless I have only read biased sources, doesn't sound like it has very many things going for it, at least as far as the average American goes. 
TPP fails? Meet the GCA! GCA fails? Meet the WTI! WTI fails? Meet the WWSUYAF!

Seriously, the only way to stop this nonsense is to stop putting politicians that don't give a shit about the people into office.

*Translations for acronyms:*

- Trans-Pacific Partnership
- Global Commerce Alliance
- World Trade Initiative
- We Won't Stop Until You're All Fucked
How?

By holding our breath that Congress does the right thing?

If there's still a way to actually stop the TPP, it wasn't detailed in this article.
If my representatives whom I contact regularly choose to vote against the wishes of the voters, what else can I do?

It seems once a politician gets to Washington d.c.  they change drastically.
Secretly negotiated international legislation should be subject of national ballot/referendum, just as the European Union was.

You'll know if the TPP is actually beneficial if the corporations and politicians are willing to let the people decide. If they resist a call for national ballot then they are trying to pull a fast one. 
TPP transfers power from the people and elected legislatures to multinational Corporations. It lowers the standards for food safety, banking regulations, pollution controls, data privacy, health and safety and a host of other things.

It will make jobs offshoring easier, depress Western wages, increase Western unemployment and increase drugs prices.

It makes big banks impossible to effectively regulate - https://theintercept.com/2015/11/06/ttp-trade-pact-would-give-wall-street-a-trump-card-to-block-regulations/

It makes it easier for the NSA to spy on everyone.

There are also a host of copyright issues that I don't think anyone has got a good handle on yet. These include keeping the internet free and preventing controls over content or the free dissemination of information over the net.

I have detailed the main points and included a selection of previous articles in here:-

TPP, TISA and TTIP agreements are massive Corporate power grabs dressed up as trade deals http://ian56.blogspot.com/2015/06/the-ttp-tisa-and-ttip-in-europe.html

This is another good article that came out after the text was made public (it doesn't change any of my original analysis).

TPP Text Unveiled: It’s Worse than We Thought - Chapter by Chapter analysis https://www.citizen.org/documents/analysis-tpp-text-november-2015.pdf
The Treaty Clause of the Constitution allows for Congress to nullify any treaty at any time, so even if the TPP isn't stopped, it can be overturned in the future.
It's going to happen, to many lobbyists have already invested.
Why do we want to stop it?
“It allows corporations to bypass our three branches of government to impose enforceable sanctions by secret tribunals. These tribunals can declare our labor, consumer and environmental protections [to be] unlawful, non-tariff barriers subject to fines for noncompliance. The TPP establishes a transnational, autocratic system of enforceable governance Wages will decline. Working conditions will deteriorate. Unemployment will rise. Our few remaining rights will be revoked. The assault on the ecosystem will be accelerated. Banks and global speculation will be beyond oversight or control. Food safety standards and regulations will be jettisoned. Public services ranging from Medicare and Medicaid to the post office and public education will be abolished or dramatically slashed and taken over by for-profit corporations. Prices for basic commodities, including pharmaceuticals, will skyrocket. Social assistance programs will be drastically scaled back or terminated. And countries that have public health care systems, such as Canada and Australia, that are in the agreement will probably see their public health systems collapse under corporate assault. Corporations will be empowered to hold a wide variety of patents, including over plants and animals, turning basic necessities and the natural world into marketable products.in defiance of our domestic laws.”
It can be, but will it is the bigger question. I mean. We can cry and scream and get all crazy over SOPA/CISPA but do you really think us going crazy is going to stop something that has so much money behind it? 

I have been trying to get the word out but people just don't care. 
Oooo look out everyone! Reddit is coming! Lol - The government.  
Top comment makes a serious point. Rest of Reddit turns it into a joke. Everyone forgets the whole point.
I hate to be the party pooper and I'm all in on helping to fight it, but the very reason this "treaty" was conceived and how it has been moved along is precisely because it exponentially increases the likelihood that nothing will prevent it. So get off your ass and find out how you can get involved. You have mere days to be involved with something that will determine your and your children's life and future. 
I mean, the text hasn't really been out long enough to even read it yet, but okay, we can stop it if you're so sure it's bad.
No matter what we say, no matter what do ain't gonna stop this deal.  
Can I get an ELI5 on why it needs to be stopped?
You can stop TPP, but you can't stop SPP-the same bill but a different name,like CISPA, PIPA, CIPA, etc...

Let's face it, if one of us redditors is really a billionaire multi-nationalist corporation with a conscious, we don't have a shot in Hell to permanently stopping this.
No it can't. It'll come through eventually. Fine stop this one it'll come back a million times; it only has to win once.

Show me a trade deal that has fallen out, even when both parties know they're being completely screwed, they still sign.
I read the whole story and still don't get how this relates to Metal Gear Solid V?
Studying biochem right now, and I all I can think of is thiamine pyrophosphate haha 
Maybe if reddit moderators didn't censor it for so damn long. Fuckheads.
tl;dr?
Despite the best efforts of activists [OCCUPY?], public scholars [BERKELEY PROFESSORS?], and countless others [?] throughout the world...
a question: how will the ITC be involved (can they be involved) in something like this?
Technically I live in Northern Virginia very close to DC but most people don't realize how that basically makes us part of the DC Metro area.  So I usually identify as being from DC. 
Think I'm going to email the prime minister, everyone should do the same.   This is bad for Canada, and therefore, the world. We shall fight this, as is tradition. 

http://www.pm.gc.ca/contactpm
The TPP goes through and they are one step closer to the infamous one-world-economy. Itself a pretty serious situation. Life as we know it will be too strange to a lot of people all over the world. Perhaps the end of an era.
Obama is trying to sell this hard on the anti-China sentiment because that is where a lot of our manufactering has gone. 

China is not the only place ~~plantation owners~~ bankers can find [low wage](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wage_slavery) ~~slaves~~ employees. 

We are going to have to hold both the Republicans and the Democrats feet to the fire. This TPP agreement will only serve to further expand the bleeding of American labor to these countries. 
What can I do?
Edit: ...to stop it?
For those who are wondering, TTP stands for The TTP Party.
It's just fucking awesome that are president is okay with this bullshit.
I don't see how
Is it possible that this could lead to a global currency?
I want to live in a universe where, on the last day of his Presidency, Barack Obama reveals to the world that the TPP was an elaborate plot to keep all the most evil people in corporate lobbying and several departments of government busy accomplishing nothing -- nothing as confirmed by his active veto of the successfully passed bill.  Then he lights his final Presidential cigarette, grins for the camera, and walks away while the credits roll over the theme from Shaft.

I don't live in that universe, but I want to live in that universe.
Is it being ratified by a 2/3 majority of the United States Senate as required by law? 
Well if TPP is anything like SOPA / CISA it will just keep coming back
I do not give the us government or any entities associated with TPP permission to use my pictures, information, or posts, both past and future. By this statement, I give notice to TPP it is strictly forbidden to disclose, copy, distribute, or take any other action against me based on this profile and/or its contents. The content of this profile is private and confidential information. The violation of privacy can be punished by law (UCC 1-308- 1 1 308-103 and the Rome Statute). NOTE: TPP is now a public entity. All members must post a note like this. If you prefer, you can copy and paste this version. If you do not publish a statement
Hey /u/SPARTAN_TOASTER, mind telling us why it needs to be stopped?  You've read the full text, right?  So you could write us a detailed and unbiased response that summarizes the entire document with quotes and citations?  Thanks!
Ultimately what needs to happen is wages need to increase in these poor countries so that trade agreements like this will become useless.
This will be the most serious shit you deal with in your lifetime. It will shape your life, and the lives of your friends, relatives and children. They're trying to sneak it by you.
If i had to guess, I bet 99.9% of the people commenting on this post haven't read more than half of it, better yet understand it. 
Why is this on /r/technology?
Why the fuck would any properly educated person want to stop it?
No, no it can't. There's been dozens of posts on dozens of American laws (I've lost track now, Cispa, TPP, other bollocks like that).

Get it in your head. It's over. You can't stop them, only they can stop themselves. Signing a little petition or upvoting a few articles on Reddit means jack shit. It will happen. 
why would you want to?
So its a long write up about how evil it is, and the big solution is that we somehow change the minds of many people who are openly in favor of it such as Obama.

I'm sorry but we lost this one. We don't get a choice. This is not up to us.  These are adult decisions, and the commoners do not get a say.

Certainly keep yelling and drawing attention to it, because it is complete bullshit... But there wasn't a real fight on this.  When it's just something that our government is doing we may be able to argue about it, but this is much bigger than our government.
I am the founder and intellectual property representative of Anonymous Operation Blackout-SOPA. Me and Aaron Swartz alone organized the blackout that stopped SOPA. Not wikipedia, not google, and certainly not Arthur Stamoulis of fpif.org (lol who?). Arthur is not your hero. He cannot save you. He has no idea wtf he's talking about. There is only one way to save the Internet's future and it's the EXACT same plan we laid out on January 3rd 2012, 2 weeks before the blackout. 

For the 24 hours of January 18th, 2012 an estimated 20 million American voters joined 150,000 websites like Google and wikipedia to blackout the Internet to stop SOPA. If BitVote had been codified, that event would've been represented by 480 million (24*20M) vote-hour units. The codification and ratification of Vote-hour units is the only way to save the Internet - but by all means, go ahead and waste another 4 years of my time and risk allowing the Internet to pass the point of no return. /s

Read more: http://motherboard.vice.com/read/solving-online-activisms-astroturfing-problem-with-bitcoin-tech
lol no it can't.
definitely thought this was a metal gear solid thread
[deleted]
[10 min video 2015 Alex Jones on TPP](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ILGL7zjig_I) -volume level is kinda low, and he does not rant here; just calmly explains it.
Its not too bad, I doubt most of the people here have even looked it over. 
I hope so, because the "million moron march" did nothing
If there are any links to open petitions and sites relevant to each country affected to help stop the TPP **PLEASE POST THEM**
With the change of government in Canada, the TPP will be revisited and opened to public scrutiny. The previous conservative government kept it very hidden and didn't allow people to know anything about it. Once Canada sees it, there's not much of a chance that the country will want anything to do with it and therefore, will withdraw. 
Yurop here. We need this to die so we can bring down TTIP. 
Dear [each of my Senators and my Congressman], 

Respectfully, if you vote for this, I will not vote for you next election. 

Thank you for your kind consideration, 

Tkardinal, who has voted in every election of my adult life. 

Why though? Thought it turned out pretty reasonable after all that
I remember r/conspiracy warned us about the tpp several months, close to a year ago, and the sub was ridiculed by other subs, played down, now the tune has soon changed.
We stopped SOPA...we stopped PIPA...we stopped ACTA...and many other bills like them.

Like hell are we backing down now.
Fast Track is illegal.  

This treaty is illegal. 

If it "passes" it will be null and void.  

The Constitution is the Supreme Law of the Land and will remain so long after this so-called president leaves office and hopefully never shows his face in this country again.  

In fact, the president should be impeached.  

Every member of Congress should be voted out.  

Further, 38 state legislatures should convene and simply disband the federal government and start over.  

This is runaway lawlessness on a scale that would have had colonial America in open revolt.  

199th link, find something related to tpp on reddit.

hope your not looking for actual impactful information on this site anymore... come for the aww and leave ;)
Or reversed. Vote Bernie
Please ELI5: Why is it not treason to negotiate deals for your country without democratic voting? And when these deals are secret upon that, how can this even happen? Why aren't these people being arrested for conspiring to commit treason?

Edit: When did asking to get something explained earn you downvotes? Reddit has turned to shit lately.
Fml, I need source citing in journalism. I'm way to lazy right now to look up all these facts in the article..
Why is the TPP bad?
Step one: don't lose any limbs. 

Step 2: phantom pain prevented
If what they are saying about the agreement is true then it looks (to me) like this agreement's purpose is to link the countries of the world together to achieve an efficient world economy that doesn't have to worry about individual governments slowing it down if there is a major political shift sometime in the future...which sounds good in theory. However, this means that environmental regulations set forth by governments are going to be ignored, which is, rightfully, something to be concerned about. 

But the thing is, the governments and corporations of this world know that people are concerned about the stability and cleanliness of the world around them. Are they betting that people will sink into apathy about the well-being of the planet if they force it down our throats? Or is there a possibility that they know people simply won't give up fighting for the planet and the people in charge want that fight to spawn something new? 

Cause I only see three possible, ultimate outcomes of this agreement becoming set in stone: --We will sink into apathy and have to rely on the goodwill of corporations to safeguard our planet (which means we will likely be living in a toxic wasteland in a century). --We keep fighting for our environment and the corporations do not bow or bend to the demands of the people and before a global environmental meltdown occurs we have worldwide revolution against the corporations controlling the world's economy and by extension the governments. --We keep fighting for environmental regulations that the corporations will have to follow. But seeing how the phrasing of this agreement might make current governments useless, it might require the creation of a unifying governing body that has economic authority over the entire planet. A global economic government that has real power (at the heart of which will likely lie the Western governments and corporations). 

Why should it be stopped? Its economically friendly.
Of course it can be stopped. It's called World War 3
You know, if people want to stop it. I think there are enough positives to justify implementing the TPP. But this is reddit, so I expect downvotes for even suggesting such a thing.
From what i've read it sounds ok?  And its better to be onboard that not included right?
[deleted]
I'm impressed with the wisdom of reddit being able to be so passionately against a trade deal that only bits of which have been leaked by partisan parties. 
let the world economy move forward sheeple
"Remaining on Reddit nullified all the benefits"
They questioned people after they disconnected from Facebook for a week.

A week? That seems hardly an accurate timeframe.

I quit Facebook earlier this year, and I would say for the first month I felt better. Didn't feel like I was randomly looking at posts that I didn't want to see. Didn't have to worry about the social ramifications of not 'friending' someone, and honestly, I didn't have to read the thoughts of people I knew because I honestly don't want to know what some people think.

But more importantly, my connections with people didn't seem fake, because some people I had many conversations with on Facebook seemed completely distant when I met them in-person. It was like we didn't know each other. 

**But then the new paradigm kicked in after a month or two...**

I realized that I had used Facebook to be social, to meet people, to connect with people, to bitch about life, etc. There really were benefits that I gave up to not have to deal with a lot of the negativity that I found from being on Facebook. 

I'm not going back to Facebook because the negatives outweight the positives, but leaving Facebook left me with the same feeling that I had when I finally realized I wasn't religious and left the church that had felt like home: disconnected. 

So I guess this study really only addresses short-term feelings. Based on my own anecdotal experiences. I'd be interested on the long-term affects, and how people adjust.

Edit: grammar, missing words
I'm going to share this to Facebook.
Next, they need to study the benefits of "lawyer up" and "hit the gym".

I love our world. It's either ALL or NOTHING. There is never any discussion of in-between.  
It pervades our politics, our social structures, and our business world.  
   
Look, Facebook isn't the devil. It's your lack of self-awareness that is the devil. Unless you admit to yourself that you are USING facebook for validation, or to escape or whatever else, then you will abuse it and it will have negative consequences in your life.   
   
There are plenty of people like me, who use FB occasionally, and who genuinely do not give a single FUCK about it, or the opinions of those on it.   
It's just another *thing* that is *there*. Don't make it out to be more than it is.    
   
Jeeebus. This isn't that hard.   
   
Edit: I seem to have tapped into something. Thanks for the gold you crazy level headed people. 
Why are people stressed from being on Facebook?

Edit: okay I get it...

In my experience, I've spent a fair amount of time cultivating, trimming, hiding, and letting go of people who I don't want to see and made select audiences of who sees my posts.

Forgive my ignorance of the average fb user. I didn't see it from their point of view. My suggestion is if you still have feelings for an ex, dislike Trump and Carson supporters, and hate those click bait stories do the same. A few clicks could well be worth your stress free future.
Next up, "women feel better about parenting, relationships, and have twice as much disposable income left at the end of every month after quitting Pinterest."
[deleted]
I don't think the type of person that sits in front of facebook all day and envies the lives of people they sort of know is going to be happy with their life with or without facebook.
This reminds me of a story I heard somewhere... maybe from Alan Watts. Anyways, it was about a wolf who couldn't get a good night's sleep. No matter how he slept, he kept waking up in the middle of the night. Blaming it on the all-night howling marathons of his pack, he went to the tall grass and lived alone. Yet, even among the soothing soft grass and whistling breeze flowing through the plains, he could not sleep, for the ground was too wet and the breeze too cold. Annoyed, he moved to the deep woods, where he found a hole in an ancient tree insulated from the outside world. Satisfied with his new home, he laid down to sleep... failing yet again.  

As it turns out the wolf had mange. He was simply too preoccupied with the outside world to realize that the issue was not with his environment, but his own condition.

In the same way, we sometimes overemphasize the role of external factors in our lives for causing our suffering. Instead of our impulse to anger, we blame the other for angering us; instead of acknowledging our fears, we project them onto others and find rational justifications for our irrational, subconscious assumptions. 

Here too, I feel that we blame Facebook and Reddit for making us feel depressed when it mainly has to do with the way we relate to other people. For instance, when I see a FB post about somebody in a related field doing well, I reflexively become jealous of their success and feel inadequate personally, but I also understand that it has to do with the way I respond to external stimuli and not necessarily the stimuli itself (after all, as a friend, I'm happy for them and want to know that they're doing well). 

Is this to absolve Facebook or other social media? No, I think they do have a tendency to amplify these types of situations in our lives where we feel insecure or depressed. But at the same time, this ultimately boils down to how we react as individuals, which is something we can control, starting now. 

tl;dr: These people are happier without social media, but they still remain just as likely to become unhappy if they come across a stimulus that plays a similar role in amplifying their own insecurities. If they pay attention to how they react, they might be just as happy with or without Facebook. 
The only reason I keep a facebook account is to look at once a week when I need a reminder about why I don't post anything to facebook myself.

You people, though.  I like you people.  Even the one's that frustrate me to no end.  One sentence of vigorous discussion is worth 10 pictures of someone's ugly baby.
I block anyone who posts drama/religious bullshit, and have about 10 family and close friends out of ~60 on my friends list whom I keep up with via Facebook. Outside of that, it's just NPR and Cycling news on my feed. 

You can get as much stress from Facebook as you like, but that's on you, not "evil Facebook".
Just like reddit, you need to customize it to your own needs.

Unfollow all the posts that make you cringe and hate your online friends. Unfollow artists/pages that post shit that angers you.

I now just see my close friends and some funny/interesting ones. People I *never* would see into their lives otherwise - and I only see the ones I **want** to see, so it's actually interesting, fun, and, as a musician, essential for sharing my music and connecting with people overseas. 
I think if Facebook stresses you out you're using it wrong and/or too much. 
It's because Facebook is filled with people who evidently need a constant virtual pat on the back for everything. It's no wonder people like that are not happy and stressed. I can imagine that for those types of personalities, it has to be a complete let down to post something fishing for likes and comments and then get little to none. So no wonder they seem happier when quitting.
If this was true I would've been happy since 2010. But, I'm still the same miserable cunt.
I quit Facebook a long time ago, for many reasons.  Once in awhile I go back on, and am surprised how many sponsored links I have to wade through to see any content that my friends have posted.  It's like trying to watch a one-hour TV show that has 45 minutes of commercials interspersed into the actual show itself. 
What about just telling everyone on Facebook that you are quitting Facebook, making a big deal about it, complete with a long, condescending rant about how shallow it all is... and then returning a month later like nothing happened? 
I quit using it exactly a year ago this month. Since quitting I've noticed many positive outcomes:

* it removes the bullshit ego we embrace with social media

* not comparing myself to people anymore

* not taking shitloads of pictures to show-off my vacations to friends 

* making more real-life connections with people in the real world. exchanging phone numbers once again instead of email addresses so we can add each other.

* freedom of knowing this last year of my life isn't on display for anyone to scroll through in a few short minutes

* Those propaganda pictures with giant quotes across political faces aren't feeding unwanted thoughts and messages into my brain. Half of them were quotes from Hitler or some other.

* and the most important one: you learn who your real friends are. If they miss you, they'll text or give you a call. I've heard from maybe 5 of my real friends since I disappeared. It amazed me how few friends I really have, but it reminded me that before the Internet this was normal!
Facebook kicked me off earlier this year, demanding I send them a photo of my ID to confirm my legal name. After 9 years of uploading my life to it, I walked away pretty easily. Laziness kinda contributed. Started using Instagram more.

Apparently this happens quite a bit and a search on Reddit showed that this happens repeatedly to certain accounts, and they're shit on customer service regarding this issue.
I deleted my FB account years ago once I started feeling so much pressure by outside forces to maintain the profile. I read a NYTimes article that came out in 2011-12 that essentially said to treat everyone you encounter that's not on Facebook as a sociopath that's completely unemployable. That was way too fucking much.

And now, years later, seeing Facebook as just a huge classification tool appears to fit.  

The idea of Facebook makes less sense the more you think about it. It's like everyone on the planet decided that having the public read their diaries and open their family photo albums was normal. 
Honestly, this is a pretty stupid "study". Study a 1000 people and get their results after a week? This is pretty weak
Working for free is stressful over time.
What about quitting Reddit?
I've noticed a drastic positive change since I stopped using facebook roughly a year ago.
I still have Facebook to keep in touch with my friends as I moved overseas but I started doing standup comedy so have made a lot more friends through that which takes up a lot of my news feed and it's handy for seeing what's going on in terms of shows and what not.

It's actually pretty good because now my news feed is full of other comics who don't really give a shit so there isn't much serious stuff and I just post dumb "funny" comments. My facebook doesn't feel bloated and while it's important for the social aspect of comedy and networking, I don't really feel attached to it.

I guess like anything, it's what you make of it. Just don't live through facebook. Or any website.
Not to mention you stop wasting time about what others are doing and actually worrying about your own life.

Leaving Facebook was the best thing I've done 
Facebook. Where you go to feel like a friendless introvert who hasn't gone sky diving or pet a tiger. 
1 year clean here
Deactivated my Facebook almost 2 years ago. Never regretted it.
Can confirm. Quit Facebook 6 years ago, now happy as fuck
i didn't quit facebook but i stopped checking my feed and stopped going on it regularly. by doing that it helped me to stop comparing my life to other people and made me realize what you see people post on FB are their "highlights"; you don't see the behind the scenes
But how will I find out that secret that the rock used to gain so much muscle in 30 days??
Ahah, we're sitting in class talking about "networked publics" and "mirroring" culture as I see this. 

Look, this comment is going to get hidden on the bottom, but I've been doing reading in multiple fields studying Internet spaces, and quite frankly, there's an agreement that sites like Reddit and Facebook are kind of the new "town square." It's a space for you to socialize and learn what's going on. 

For the personal benefit of temporary happiness and reduction of stress, you lose a vital source of communication and information and socialization. You're going to crave that eventually. If you don't make up for it in real life, you'll find another online source of that. 
About a year ago, I had an epiphany.  I really only liked facebook for the pages I was following.  I wanted to see more science, more weather, more info about things that interested me.  I didn't care that a random friend from five years ago had a bad day.  I didn't care that a friend of mine ate pasta and it looked better than my dinner.  
I made the decision at that time to fix it all, and stay on facebook. I unfollowed all my friends.  Every single one of them.  I have since refollowed my immediate family, but that's it.  My FB feed looks like a mixture of science and family, which makes me happy.  I've told a few friends about it, and they now message me, or text me, with stuff they feel is important. Like pics of their new baby.  They don't text me pics of their dinner, though.  
Never been happier on FB.  
**TL;DR: FB is now my RSS Reader.**
You can 99% quit Facebook and on days when you want to feel "connected" and have free time, binge read a bunch of posts from people who you have warm relations with.  

The other thing I like to do is to look at people's Facebook posts for the first time when I'm actually with those people, and then actually talk about their lives.  In-person socialization is 100x more satisfying than Facebook "socialization".


Social media has a way of affecting the way we perceive ourselves based on the way wee see others. Most people are only going to post pictures of themselves having fun, etc. And while you may be enjoying life to the same degree as them, you see all the boring parts of your own life while only seeing the best of everyone else. Mentally that has its effects in creating a sort of anxiety and psychosis by creating a false image of reality in social media. Lots of studies have shown the effects that addiction to social media can have, and the result is that people who go from spending hours a day on their smartphones to being disconnected will actually feel relief.
Is this a study of random people?  Or is this a study of people who wanted to quit Facebook?

Big difference.
Sometimes I wonder if the same principal applies to Reddit as well.
I'd think you could reap the same benefits by just removing certain people from your Facebook.
Maybe I'm not stressing about stuff like that in life... or maybe because I don't have super-religious/racist family members... but Facebook isn't a huge part of my life nor something negative for me.

I'm not on it all that often... I just log in every now and then to see what my friends are up to. I use it for group chat. I share photos with my friends and family. It would be a pain in the ass to quit it, frankly... simply because I'd be inconveniencing myself when it's actually useful.

If you want my advice, I'd say just get rid of anyone on Facebook you're not actually close to. It's not a popularity contest to see who has the biggest friends list. You don't need everyone you ever went to school with. Remove anyone who's a racist asshole or irritating. Keep your closest friends and family members. That'll reduce how much content is flowing through and reduce any frustrations. I have  fewer than 200 people added on Facebook, but my fiancée has over 1200... needless to say her timeline is filled with far more crap and messages than mine.
my facebook wall consist more of newspaper newsfeeds or general stuff that i wanna keep track of, rather than happy happy holiday photos of others...
the positive effect of cold turkey  in my case would be that i wouldnt "have to" read the racist and other hateful comments any more...
It was the negative people that urked me. Deleted them off my FB and my life. Pretty positive now.
Maybe quitting facebook makes you happier if you were taking it too seriously to begin with. I just use it as an instant messenger app that everyone is guaranteed to have installed and to know when people's birthday parties are, only when I'm feeling needy for interaction do I read my news feed which is 80% rubbish.
Depends what you are tuned into on Facebook. It's working well for me.
Everyone I know that has deleted their FB has said exactly this.
I don't understand why people don't understand that social media is what you make of it. Do the people who don't tend to their friends list and never post anything but complaints have something to benefit by abstaining? Certainly. Do people like me, who keep in contact with friends abroad, writers I work with, etc. via Facebook have something to lose by quitting? Absolutely. It's a primary method of staying up to date on the events in people's lives whom I don't have the time to otherwise interface with. That way, when I DO get to see them, I have some knowledge of where they are in life and what might matter to them in terms of conversation.  
How much better will my life be if i quit Reddit? 
Never had a facebook or much of social media, and I can tell you I am one of the most care-free guys I know. I do still stress about my studies and work but those are real life things
I'm totally posting this article on facebook.
Honestly,  for me now, I bet it's Instagram I should quit to feel better.  
This article makes no sense. I love seeing everyone's happy babies, wonder life events and general good news. It's such a good counterpoint to all the bad "news" all over TV. 
I think people use facebook for different reasons. Personally its just a tool I use to talk to people and post the occasional picture.
Facebook is enjoyable once you realize a lot of the people constantly posting pictures of them doing stuff and updates about how great their spouse/kids are.. well they're miserable.
Here's my story with quitting facebook and rejoining 6 months later (the right way) :

I Was at a party and ppl were taking photos that were clearly going on facebook. One of them was my ride because I had to watch the playoff hockey game at a friend's place. Was late to the my friend because of shallow photo taking, was mad. Wheened myself off facebook over 2months and permanently deleted it for 6 months. 

Got back on it for a few social updates and was the one kid with out it. I friended about 25% of the previous ppl that I was previously friends (1000 -&gt;250). Made sure no superficial ppl got through the cracks,basically only ppl I would communicate with anyway. (writing this makes me feel like I should purge ppl that got through the cracks or I was wrong about letting slip through the cracks). 

THE ONE BIG KEY I DID WHEN I GOT BACK ON FACEBOOK WAS THAT I UNFOLLOWED EVERYBODY. THAT'S RIGHT I UNFOLLOWED EVERYBODY... EVERYTHING. MY NEWS FEED IS COMPLETELY EMPTY. BEST FRIEND, GIRLFRIEND, FAVORITE BAND/LIKE. EVERYTHING IS UNFOLLOWED. NO EXCEPTIONS. 


Thus I do not get inundated with the shallow postings that make u feel bad. I don't worry about likes on my wall or getting tagged in photos (only I can see photos I'm tagged in, excluding profile pictures). I don't "like" anything (excluding for tinder purposed back over a year ago). I don't post on some1's facebook wall. I have changed the profile picture once. I keep a near empty profile. Pretty simple. Everyone facebook says add something I erase. (side note:I swear facebook had a ghost profile of me ready to go) 

Thus facebook I now use as a messaging app (think AIM from 10 years back) to communicate 1v1 with ppl, a fantasy football group of old friends that constantly backstab and comment on our fantasy teams and the rare creep on someone (everybody does it) . 

Thus without a need to check the news feed I only check facebook when bored at work.

Hell my best friend came out as BI (good for him) and I had no idea for 2weeks until he told me if I saw the post (which i had not because I honestly didn't follow anyone) 

That's my story. 

(writing this makes me wanna delete again,  and go another 6 months or more free... Wouldn't be hard) 
The only reason I'm on fb is that my d&amp;d group organizes events on Facebook. 
Yay! I quit Facebook to escape the bullshit, shitty memes, and to feed my Reddit addiction.
Can confirm.  Facebook is a cancer and addiction.   Never going back.

I've lost friendships, relationships, and even a job because of being on it.
It's even put my wife and I at odds with my mother.

Facebook is a good idea on paper (in my opinion).
But the majority of people ruin it just like everything else.

For those happy with it "good for you, glad it's a positive experience".
It's just better to not be a part of my life.
Can confirm.. 2 years sober 
Probably applies to Reddit comments too.
Not quite the same but about 6 months ago I started keeping my phone in silent (no vibrate either) s I only see a message etc when I go to check. This has been excellent. When I do check I've got messages queued up to read so breaks at work or whatever give me something to actually do and read.

Sure it's annoying for people calling me but I return the call quickly when I'm able and if I'm expecting a call (ie meeting someone) I of corse take my phone off silent. But it means I can engage on my terms when I'm available to do so.
Ha! Joke's on you, I'm not on it and I am depressed and stressed.
My studies find that most people are using facebook wrong.
id argue that not having idiots as friends makes you happier and less stressed
I'm not particularly prone to emotions, likely because of a lack of stimuli created from being a recluse.

Now that I'm almost 27-years-old, and have squeezed my way into a well-paying job, I'm ready for emotional-based thinking (if I can do it inside). Perhaps I should create a Facebook, delete it immediately, and just let the happiness imbue. 

That'll do it. 

That'll fucking do it.

Worked for me. Still have the account, I just never log in anymore.
It makes sense. No one realizes the danger of voyeurism when it is used through the veil of social connectivity. Naturally, at a subconscious level, we compare ourselves and our lives to that of our connections on facebook. The only problem is that we our filtered to only see the "great" or "happy" moments of others lives and we judge our lives based on their experiences. We shouldn't have access to these moments, because after some time we group all those great moments as how life "should" be. It's no surprise then that our own lives fail to live up to those experiences, thus making us depressed and anxious because we feel that we're somehow missing out on a great party that everyone else is attending. Best thing I ever did was to deactivate my facebook account, but now I can't tinder :(. 
They used 1095 persons, half of them quit Facebook, so about 550 people.
88% of them said they where "happy", 81% from the other group said they where "happy". So 7% difference... that are about 38 people... out of 1095. that does not look like a noteable difference to me. Everyone got daily fluctuation on their mood. I think 1095 people are not enogh to make a real statemant.

Anyway: I dislike the fact that corporations took over my Facebook News-feed. I just don't get ANY personal postings from my friends in my newsfeed. Only clickbait and ads. I want a social Network, but Facebook is no longer social for me. They put the corporations in focus and my friends start to abandon the network. Whatsapp groups became my social network. Today I only use the messenger and the events from Facebook. It's a shame, I realy like the possibility Facebook offers as an organisation platform... but the amount of advertising on my newsfeed is just unbearable.
Quit Facebook just under a year ago. I was tired of their ever-shifting privacy goalposts and getting nagged by the main app to download the Messenger app. 

I hear about all this drama that happens there from my friends and have no part in it at all. It really is liberating.
I use facebook to organize events and communicate with groups and I think it's pretty effective. Definitely easy to make plans through and it's an alternate form of communication. The biggest remedy is just getting rid of people you're aren't actually friends with or those you aren't interested in being friends with.
People NOT on Facebook stress me out, like my brother. Every time I want to forward him an invite, a share, etc,  I have to do it AGAIN in a SMS text message. 

Otherwise, I like that my family, like my dad who lives in another state, stalks me on Facebook because he always knows what's going on with me. I don't have to waste time talking to my family when we are all already connected. 

I also love unfollowing friends that posts too many bitchy posts or share stupid "news"  everyday. 

So my fb is pretty stress free. 
I like Facebook so my family and friends can see what I'm doing, especially since I just moved away. If you don't want to have assholes on Facebook then don't add so many random people.

And since I'm a music event photographer it's an awesome tool to use because Facebook is a great way to see what events are happening around me
Never been on Facebook. Not the least bit interested in what someone else has done or is doing. Therefore I must be very happy. 
You dont need a "study" to know that 
Facebook isn't terrible, the easy way to fix it is to instantly block anyone who attention whores (OMG I'm so ugly in this string bikini right guize), posts passive aggressive statuses (statusii?) and people who just generally post disagreeable (i.e. racist stuff).

Whenever I log on and see "There's nothing in your news feed" I feel great!
I deactivated my account 2 weeks ago. I feel much better not feeling the need to argue over the vitriolic political posts. However, I used it as a tool of communication and now that's a huge issue. 
Quitting Facebook was the best move ever. So happy in my small world surrounded by real friends with whom we talk with on a one to one. My life is so much fuller. 
Can confirm, quit two years ago, now argue with semi-anonymous people on reddit in some kind of therapeutic shoutbox.  &lt;3
It's true. I deactivated my account two weeks ago. I really do feel happier and less lonely.
Not much else has changed in my life, so I'm blaming Facebook for my former loneliness and unhappiness ;)
I think it depends on the purpose of your stay on Facebook. I personally log into my Facebook page to post science stuff and share interesting facts and videos about nature and technology with my 47k fans. As for my profile, I have only 40 friends and I don't even stay there to read their posts. I just use my profile to post on the page and then log out. And yes, I'm happy and less stressed.
I deleted my account 7 months ago and haven't missed it
I made it a habit to disable Facebook when I had midterms/finals/important life shit. Makes a huge difference when you can't actually instantly see all the social media shit.
It's bewildering to me how serious people take social media. I check my facebook like three times a day. I just see if I have any messages and then close the tab.
You definitely deal with fewer assholes.
I do feel a lot better since I left FB.  I am also a lot more productive even as a Redditor.
Left Facebook about a year ago couldn't be more relaxed. The biggest issue is the snooping an making assumptions as to who you are based off friends or photos. I have been turned down on dates because I did not have a fb. Which is fine but I was surprised, I was told what are you hiding! You don't have fb somethings up! 
I left Facebook because it wanted me to "reconnect" with a cheating ex. Every day I went on Facebook I would get a column of pictures of past happier times with said cheating ex. The actual thing that made me say goodbye Facefuck was removing our relationship status. It woke me up to the social network facade. So as far as I'm concerned I'm definitely happier for it.
Can confirm
I quit *browsing* Facebook two years ago. I use it now strictly for communication. I like it.
August 18th 2014; the day I left Facebook for good (so far!) and have managed to not login since. The final straw was unfortunately the absolute deluge of Robin Williams suicide related posts to my wall. Best internet related decision I've made. 
Deleted mine about 4 years ago when news got out that they were data mining and getting in loads of trouble for their business practices. 

I truly am happier than when I had it. I'm more productive and more focused on taking care of myself. 

0/10 never again Facebook. 
I ditched Facebook in 2008 and I have bever regretted it.  It was such a time sink and excuse to *not* see my friends, because I acould just click on their name and see everything new going on in their life.

Since then, my friendships have grown stronger and I always encourage others to leave FB as well.  Most people I know keep it solely as a means to stay in contact with family.
Not comparing your life to everyone else's makes you less stressed, surprise.
I haven't deleted my account or anything, but I usually forget I even have one.
I can imagine this actually. I have a friend who is always so depressed after she goes on Facebook. Constantly comparing herself to people on her feed and feeling bad because she "doesn't have what they have". And so on. It's annoying. 
Data point of one here, but I totally experienced this in my own life. Facebook was a distraction, and it just made me anxious and restless. I feel like I have much more genuine interactions with my friends now via other mediums.
Study also found that water is wet and the sun is warm.  
"after just 7 days 88% of the group that left Facebook said they felt "happy" as opposed to 81% in the group still using the site"

Sounds like nearly just as many people are happy using Facebook as people quitting.
"Funded by Twitter"

Hey! Wait a minute!


The problem is that I find it useful for communicating with friends when I only see them IRL about once a week or otherwise next to never. Everyone's on there so I'm kind of forced to use it a lot to keep up with what's going on with friends. Otherwise I don't really like it. I wouldn't need it if I had more time to socialize IRL and people would bother to communicate with me via phone or something instead of social media. If I wasn't on there I think a lot of people would forget I even exist. :/
Facebook never got a grip on me.  However, I'm not sure spending a ton of time on Reddit is any better?
If it weren't for the connection it gives me to the people I've met around the world who also use it, I would have dropped Facebook a long time ago. 


I only use it to check in once or twice and week and don't miss it at all. I look other people who rage about FB all day, and can't comprehend why people invest so much time that gives them such frustration.
Well I randomly met my wife on FB (no mutual friends or anything) so there's that.
What's next? 'Study find quitting reddit quadruples productivity?'
Only if being on Facebook makes you unhappy and stressed.

If you allow Facebook to control your emotions, then you need a shrink anyway.

Snowflake
I use Facebook for secret groups, event pages, and to share pictures. Honestly, life is so much easier when you use Facebook as a means to figure out what's going around you rather than a personal diary.
All sites that give you the ability to keep on scrolling are in the same category. So Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus, Reddit, etc..
I'm pretty sure leaving Reddit would make me happier and less stressed. The same could probably be said for quitting smoking and drinking. 
Or just remove the tea party idiots from your feed.

I still have one, only cause he lives nearby and I'm afraid he's gunna go off the rails and shoot up the town.
Now do the same study with reddit. 
seems to me the people that moan about facebook are just friends with a load of arseholes and also complain about them, facebook causes normal people 0 stress because just check it now and then for updates or use it to plan events or chat smh 
Anyone know if this study was peer reviewed? I can't really find the actual article or where it might have been published outside of the institutes own website.
What did the study on quiting reddit say? ...wait how would I Read that here? 
The  same thing applies to league of legends
I don't get people who complain about their Facebook feed. Just don't add idiots, it's pretty simple. 

reddit on the other hand ... there is no escape.
Or you could just totally not give a fuck what other people think.
Sounds like most of you do this for passive-aggressive reasons lol

Good job
How many times per month can I repeat this before I start seeing diminishing returns?
People are little babies who love drama even though it stresses them out.

Use social media in a way that benefits you, or not at all. 
Turns out that spending that Facebook time exercising makes it even better. And that if you spend your time outside playing instead of on your computer, you feel better. And if you eat healthy foods instead of sweets, you feel better. But frankly, a good day of sitting in the house in my pajamas, playing on Facebook, and eating cookies is ok. 
Or, you know, using Facebook in moderation.  

I'm on to see what people are up to, rarely post, and am ok with it
I think this is only a problem if you compare your life to what you see on FB. I personally get a lot out of FB. I have friends all-over the world. Some I consider close friends. We also use mail and Whatsapp to stay in touch, but it's wonderful to be able to stay a bit connected with them when I haven't heard them for some time. 

Honestly, FB connects me to people far away, both in time and space. I love that. 
Like someone else said. Facebook is what you make of it. I personally don't understand why people delete their profiles and then come back over and over. To me, Facebook is more annoying than anything. But I wouldn't feel better in any way if I stopped using it. It doesn't affect me in any way. I enjoy seeing music and sports related stuff, but it's far outweighed by people talking and bitching about stuff that I just don't care about. Not to mention the paragraphs of senseless hashtags that I don't waste my time trying to read. Browsing facebook is never more than a one or two minute process for me. There's just nothing exciting or interesting enough to keep me there longer. It's really weird to me how so many people genuinely feel like others care about what think or what they're doing. I can't imagine constantly updating my status to tell everyone what i'm doing, eating, etc. 
Some days I am tempted, but then I remember that without Facebook, I'd have to actually call my family to let them know I'm still alive.
What I did is I went through and unfollowed all of my friends. Even those friends who don't post anything negative. So my feed is blank besides for ads and the few businesses I'm following. 

I can see see when I have friends online and message them. I also get to see when someone sent me a message. So I get the social aspect without the annoyance of memes, videos, and all that.
I've never felt upset or angry or stressed about anything on Facebook. Reddit on the other hand...
I assume this would only be true if Facebook makes you unhappy or stressed.

For users who are stressed by or made unhappy by Facebook...duh.
Unless you had a physical attachment to facebook, I highly don't think this is the case. 
Who the fuck get stressed out by facebook. I pop on there once a day to see what friends are up and look at pictures, I will occasionally drop a funny status if i have one. If facebook stresses you out, you need to get your shit together.
I use facebook almost exactly the same as I used to use AIM.  I only add friends who I talk to, I never post on walls and I only use the message feature.  If I removed facebook I would lose the ability to easily communicate with a lot of people I enjoy talking to.  I doubt all of them would switch over to gchat.
OR you can enjoy all the benefits of Facebook while using mindfulness to not become addicted and attach your self worth to your identity on the Internet.
I think that just having some self control and not living on it probably has the same results. I have a facebook but I hardly ever use it. Haven't posted a status update in years

I see a lot of people blame whatever they waste time on and let dominate their lives instead of their lack of self control.

ie: "VIDEO GAMES ARE TERRIBLE, I QUIT AND MY LIFE IS WAY BETTER NOW", etc.
It's a necessary evil for me. I've been off of it for months at a time. 

I just miss too many things, communication between other parents and stuff. I end up relying on second hand knowledge from my wife, typically.  
Facebook is social candy. 

Hmm.. actually, all forms of social media are. Nom nom nom.
study isn't even published in a peer-reviewed journal. It's self-published, which in academia is like it being somewhat worthless. Also, most of the researchers have a PhD in econ, not sociology or psychology... so that should tell you something. 
Then you have the wrong friends. 
I found that removing people from Facebook I didn't like or managing my newsfeed so I no longer saw their posts made me happier. 
ITT: people who think the Internet is the source of all their problems. 

Less Facebook equals less interaction with barely filtered human beings and their shit streams of consciousness. In turn this means less comparing of yourself to others and having a more centralized bar for your own happiness and success.

This is not the same thing as "zomg Facebook and Internet is evil"
It's sad that people have a Facebook situation that causes them problems. I have about 200 friends and I mostly use it to organize sports teams and get togethers. 
Am I the only one who doesn't give 2 shits about Facebook either way? I have it to communicate with friends &amp; family. That's it. No stress, no drama. Why is everyone so down on it? Seems like if you have a problem with Facebook then you need new friends.
now imagine if Qutting Reddit would follow suit, the synergy would be complete.
It's kinda funny- I'm older (40) and people my age in my social circle don't have any of these issues with Facebook. We use it as a tool to connect and share things and nothing else. It's the younger people that I know who form these emotional bonds/feel dependent upon social media who have these issues.

Just think it's a pretty interesting thing. I'm sure there are people my age who have these issues too...I'm just betting that this is much more of an issue for people who grew up immersed in social media than those of us who picked it up as adults who have already learned to form social bonds without it.
I check fb only once a day and I usually give a like to the top 3 posts and move along. Even if I have a fb account I don't have to use it all the time. I have a lot of beer in my house but I don't keep drinking it all day long.
Sad thing is that one doesn't simply do it. For example, surfing facebook is part of my internship as a communications guy, and I often have to use it a suprising amount for work related things.    
Does this also apply to spending time on reddit?
Trolling on FB make you super happy and relives stress.
Can't confirm.

Quit facebook in early October.

Now feel like I'm lost and alone, like there is nothing going on anymore.

I DO have FAR more free time, however.
I wonder what quitting Reddit does to your quality of life...
The think you have to remember about Facebook is you are seeing the highlights of your friends lives.  It is easy to feel boring when you are in line at the store and you see a friends pictures from vacation.  
from /u/imperfectfromnowon
&gt; I still don't really get it. If you don't want to have connection on social media with people then why not just unfollow everyone? I simply unfollowed everyone. Then began to add back people I wanted to see, which isn't that many people and only people I'm already close to.
&gt; BUT I find a shit load of concerts, music, and events on facebook that I wouldn't know about, I know who is going to be there and it reminds me about the events. I use it to contact my friends to get a group or party together, it's so easy. I use it to find/contact people if I don't have their digits, I've made real friendships this way.
&gt; Facebook is what you make of it, and it's very powerful. Feels like you're throwing the baby out with the bath water.
I haven't left Facebook, I actually have a lot of family members and friends I don't really have contact with in real life.  But, I left all of the local groups that I was arguing with people too much. Groups like Swap &amp; Buys, Roasts &amp; Toasts, etc.. There are some really dumb human beings out there.

As a result, I visit Facebook maybe once a day now, instead of every time I pick up my phone.
If you don't like wasting timing on reddit. Subscribe to the things that make you productive. I sub to fitness, getdisciplined, science, space, earthporn, backpacking, asmr, buildapcsales. Those subs really motivate me or suit my lifestyle the most to really benefit me. That's the key word in this whole thing. Benefit. If something doesn't benefit your real life experiences, then ignore it and spend time on the things that make you feel better on a emotional or physical level.
Or just hide/unfriend the dicks and there ya go. once someone starts making political or religious posts, they're gone. That just leaves funny videos, music and roleplaying game group posts for me. Don't find it very stressful at all.
Study finds placebo effect works.
I barely use Facebook but it's an invaluable tool. Just setting up events is better than anything
To be totally honest since I've deleted my fb I've found the opposite to be true
tl;dr - stop comparing your blooper reel with your friends highlight reel
I wouldnt agree with this article at all, even though everyone wants to believe it. Humans have a instinctual desire to gravitate towards trends, as humans have a societal sense of belonging. Facebook is almost unarguably the most popular way of connecting to society and friends in today's world and to the regular person, not having one would lower their satisfaction. If it really improved someone's life, they were probably extremely addicted to facebook, perhaps including the games etc on it, because the social functions of it alone are positive. Keep in mind, this study was considering a 1 week span. I can go without my phone for 1 week, but I'm going to want it back eventually. This study was not long enough to observe the "i want it back" factor and I'm sure many of the participants went back to using facebook which is also not mentioned. That's why the long-term psychological results were in my opinion not observed in favor of persuading people getting off of fafebook will make them happier. 

There seems to be a trend nowadays where people delete their facebook, instagram, whatever because they want to have their own life. You can have a facebook and have your own life, just manage your time spent properly, as with everything else. 
**PSA**

For the people in this thread that say they are feeling better, but missing the social part; the Facebook chat has it's [own website](https://www.messenger.com). No newsfeed, just the chat.
These people don't know how to ignore negative people.  A majority of my family I have their shit not posted to my wall because of religion.  As far as reddit you can sub and unsub from shit you don't want to see.  Advice Animals is a good example of shit you should block.  It's flooded with college kids who don't know shit.  Maybe sub to r/science or r/getmotivated?
I didn't quit Facebook but one day I went on just to see what people were saying and realized that I actually don't give a shit about what 90% of the people were posting. Then I realized that most people didn't give a shit about what I posted. It then dawned on me that I literally just went on Facebook because it was just a routine. When you stop using it as much you begin to noticed how obnoxious, narcissistic, and fake most of it is. You could be hanging out with some people, bored out of your fucking mind, but then someone decides to take a selfie and touches it up to seem like we're having the time of our lives. Facebook really does not reflect reality. I feel bad for those who look at pictures posted on facebook and believe them in their entirety. I can understand how people could see pictures of other people having fun or a great life and become sad or jealous. 

Now I post on Facebook very infrequently and just use it for group events. I do think that it's useful for that type of stuff. 


I was an adult by the time Facebook opened up to the general public, and just kind of ignored it because it was what the kids were doing.  By the time all my friends were using facebook, all I was hearing was drama coming out of it so I took a pass.

to this day I only created a facebook account so that I could turn off all notifications and not get spammed with "You should join facebook, X wants to be your friend".


Complaining about Facebook is like complaining about a dinner party you hosted.  If you don't like it, you invited the wrong people.   
That's because, as I've said before, they are using it wrong. 

If you ignore the wall, all is swell. Use it as a tool for organizing groups, events and keeping in touch with friends and family directly. It is a fine photo album.
The only people that would be stressed out by having Facebook are the kind of people that would be stressed out by some other equally mundane thing. 

All I can think of when someone take about how much happier they are after dropping twitter, instagram, snapchat, Facebook and all these other social media is "wow you must have had a pretty lame life before" 
are they shitting me? I am a SAHM, and Facebook is the only window I get into the people world. (the world that doesnt include picking cheerios out of my hair and finding the shirt with the least amount of vomit on it to wear)
You can still make the best of facebook without all the drama by unsubscribing/unfollowing people you don't actually like and restricting these people from viewing your posts.  

If you unfriend them, you add/create drama.  Just basically shadowban them from your account and continue enjoying the good aspects of FB.
I don't know, I've never found hipsters to be particularly happy or stress free...
I use facebook to organize a lot of events. The thing is, everyone checks it, so it's still the best way to access information. I just try to avoid scrolling through posts. Maybe I don't feel sad cause every time I see someone posting lots of selfies, I just pity them.

Posts about skydiving, camping, awesome activities? You get a like, and if it's cool enough, I'll ask to join next time. I usually unsubscribe to the friends that are always posting about all their new neat toys - like hey, I got a new sports car, or bottle service in the city.
Quit FB almost 3 years ago, joined reddit a few months later.  Those were a happy few months. 
And what about the people that left Reddit?
I downloaded a chrome extension called Kill News Feed, after reading a best chrome extensions thread on reddit. I can't reccommend it highly enough - it allows you to keep facebook for the chat function, but replaces the news feed with text saying "Don't get distracted by facebook!" 
It really does make a big difference to your day to day mood not seeing all the pointless shit people do in their lives.

Besides the people who have the most fun probably don't have time to upload photos of the stuff they do, they're busy savouring the moment
Leaving Facebook a couple of years ago is one of the most simple and easiest ways I've improved my life. 

It's amazing how great it is. 
Nice try, Myspace.
"study finds getting rid of the shitty people around you helps."

i delete anyone on my FB thats just a complete misery. i dont go on to read drama or gossip. its to catch up and share positivity.
delete facebook, hit the lawyer, get a gym, floss, masturbate lol
My facebook feed is just a lot of cool stuff. (Kurzgesagt, Stan Winston School, Screen Junkies, that kind of things) I only see about 6 (of my real) friends i guess. 

Just use 'I dont want the see this' a lot. It helps.
Quit Facebook, hit the gym.
I'm getting old, so I know my perception of *what's cool* is probably not aligned with *what's actually cool* currently, but being in my *very* early 30's, Facebook just doesn't even seem cool to me, my family or friends.

All I've seen on that site, in the limited time I had a profile, were:

* Moms furiously posting photos of their kids, trying to convince themselves they aren't miserable (*soooo many photos of people's shit factories*)
* Old friends who are or were drug addicts who posted "inspirational" quotes multiple times a day
* Photos from my "friends" who ~~do~~ *live* crossfit (*great abs, bro*)
* Shitloads of photos from *that family member* who makes the family gathering  seem way more fun and our family seem way more close (*I was there, it wasn't like that*)
* Almost **nothing** from my *actual* friends

Most people I interact with on a daily basis either don't have a Facebook account or have one but are non-active. Me and my partner don't use/have accounts, most/all my friends (age range 25-35) don't even have account even my younger siblings (in high school) don't even use Facebook.

At this point I am convinced Facebook is just people who aren*kinda* miserable, old people who are late to the party and really trashy people (the kind of people who were late to quit MySpace).

That's just my experience though, I am sure Facebook has some real purpose that I am unaware of.
Jokes on you social media  Never made an account, ever.







Shit...
Part of the issue is some people spend too much time on there and practically make it their life.  I personally just see it as a tool to stay in touch with people. 

As a side note, can someone help me in Farmville, I need a tractor!  Please share and like! 
I left Facebook about 2 years ago now and I'll never turn back. Thanks reddit
That only applies to people that actually give a shit about 90 percent of the things you see on facebook. I only use facebook to keep track of concerts, pretty much.
I deleted the app from my phone. Makes a huge difference when I have to sit down on a computer and browse Facebook. Never again will I run it on my phone.
I got tits in mah newsfeed. Lots of fucking tits.
I dunno.  I'm on Facebook about 20 mins a day.  It doesn't make me stressed at all, I quite enjoy it. 

That being said I'm in a loving relationship, so I think that is a confounding variable.  
Facebook is the most astoundingly squandered resource we've ever had easy access to. You are connected with pretty well anyone in the world in an instant, and here we have people crying you should quit because of some bad behaviour.

It will fall apart, because people can't control themselves. Because people can't control themselves, you'll lose contact with thousands of people you could have had contact with.

I know, you're likely not going to talk to most people, and even when you do, it's hollow, but that doesn't change the fact that there are massive benefits to it. I'm in touch with my entire family on there, family I'd *never* hear from because they're on the other side of the world. 

But yeah, let's just cut out more distant family because they're only accessible on a service you can't control yourself on.
I sent my wife this and she told me she would quit Facebook if I quit Reddit, does anyone know how much a divorce lawyer costs?
You can say the same about starting smoking tobacco. 
I think I'm ready. 
[The ad at the end of the article.](http://i.imgur.com/IJjEIYW.jpg)
I mainly use FB for dank memes, smash bros community, and group chats with friends. Gotta know what you want to get out of it, if you're gonna use it.
Left Facebook, still unhappy an stressed...
TL:DR If Facebook is stressing you out and not making you happy, quitting Facebook will make you happier and less stressed.
I didn't delete facebook, what I did was, I unfollowed every one. I had a bad habit of automatically checking facebook, so when I opened the app, I didn't see anything. Eventually I stopped and now I have the same habit with Reddit. Fml.
Wait, I got ripped off. I never used FB
I have my name on a FB shell account.

And that's all MZ gets from me for free.
This shouldn't shock anyone. Companies will fight even the most deserved fine or judgement until they can't fight it anymore.

It took Exxon twenty years to pay out for the Valdez spill, despite it being a direct result of them refusing to repair the ship's navigational radar for over a year before the wreck.
Hopefully congress looking into it will lead to the FCC getting more teeth. There are definitely good and bad regulations and regulators, but if fees aren't collected, the rule of law is broken.
How do we put pressure on our representatives to make sure the FCC can better do its job?
This is a bogus headline.  In the article, it says they have collected $98M this year from prior actions.  It takes time to finish process.   Anti-government click-bait.
Title: "$0"

Actual figure in the same story: "its enforcement bureau has collected $98 million in fines so far this year, up from $39 million in 2014."
did anyone read the goddanm article? this doesn't mean they never collected fines, they collected 39 million in 2014, and 98 million in 2015. the headline and opening paragraph is incredibly misleading, 
If the FCC is anything like the SEC back in 2008 , then the regulators are sitting around watching porn all day instead of doing their jobs.

So, not exactly asleep at the switch...

Easy fix. End the subsidies for those companies currently owing fines until said fine is paid in full. A garnishment of wages of sort. 
Smoke and mirrors politics. The benchmark of American and Western policy. 
No wonder my ISP throttles network traffic and then tells me that all the tools I am using are misreporting my network speeds (WAVE CABLE), and that 100 KB/s is actually closer to the 5MB while Steam, Blizzard, Little Snitch etc are wrong.

And they call 5MB broadband.

There is no actual punishment for the human corporation.

WAVE CABLE is populated by feces with headsets.
Isnt proposes a fine different from issuing a fine? I would think so. 
They should simply make the fines effective immediately; that is they have to pay and only after a succesful appeal do they get the money back. After all an investigation was already conducted to arrive at the fine being levied.
when I get a traffic ticket I am required to pay the fine before I can fight it in court.  But apparently Giant Companies are more equal than I am and can fight before paying.
So the Republicans are *in favor* of fining corporations now?
Interesting that they can seize an ordinary citizens money from his car or bank account immediately, just because they suspect that it may be from a crime, but when a corporation is found to have committed an offense - it takes years to collect it.
when I see reddit get upset because the FCC sits by and does nothing about journalist operating under journalistic impunity laws while telling lies or completely fabricating news that leads civil unrest, then I will give a dam about this trivial shit   
Quotes:

&gt;The FCC has announced a series of eye-popping fines against companies over the **past two years**: Roughly $100 million against nearly a dozen firms for defrauding a phone subsidy program, $35 million against a Chinese company for selling illegal wireless jamming equipment, and $100 million against AT&amp;T this June for throttling customers on unlimited data plans. 

and

&gt; The fine isn't officially due until the FCC completes its investigation — a process that can take **years**

As any legal process involving crapload of money. 

Next pair of quotes.

This one from the title

&gt; collects $0

And this one is in the text

&gt; The commission said Wednesday, days after POLITICO published its initial story on the matter, that its enforcement bureau has collected $98 million in fines so far this year, up from $39 million in 2014


I have a proposal. Hold people accountable, and don't pretend it is a company's fault. Companies are, literally, a figment of our imagination.
It's too bad that the only place where the FCC can really get away with fining people without hassle is when people say "fuck" and "shit" on TV. If they completely restructured the organization to get rid of censorship and instead to fight for the rights of the people they might actually be able to get shit done in terms of stopping companies. 
The Obama administration turned out to be no different from the Bush Administration. The bankers all got off, more jobs will be shipped overseas after the TPP.  Drones kill more people than ever.

Yet people still think Republicans are so different from Democrats.  They really aren't. They are both just marketing organizations for the same small group of people.  They market for the rich by buying political power for them by making outlandish statements they have no intention of pursuing once in office.  How's that transparency/close gitmo/whistleblower protection thing working out for you?  Everything worked out for the bankers just fine.  The Walmart family has no complaints.
There really should be a connection with agencies' duty and funding, something like funding directly tied to duty performance metrics like the ratio of fines not collected to overall fines assessed so there is pressure to assess high fines and collect them, while the industry continues with the work they have always done to minimize fines and not realize them. 
&gt; Using the threat of big fines to force companies to change their practices sends the wrong message, said Micah Caldwell, vice president of regulatory affairs at ITTA, a trade group that represents medium-sized communications companies.

I'd like for Mr. Caldwell's kids to read that comment, and when he gets home and sees the house in a state, they'll just turn to him and say "Using punishments to change my  behaviour sends the wrong message!"
Don't tell me, the head of the FCC is a former high ranking board member or executive from one of the major telecoms.

Edit: Oh my, what a lucky guess. 


&gt;[Wheeler](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tom_Wheeler) worked as a venture capitalist and lobbyist for the cable and wireless industry, with positions including President of the National Cable &amp; Telecommunications Association (NCTA) and CEO of the Cellular Telecommunications &amp; Internet Association (CTIA).
Totally no cronyism going on here. Nope. None at all.  
I bet someone is getting money
Radio stations supposedly fined for putting forbidden words on the air, but I wonder if they ever actually have to pay? 
Sounds like Congress is arranging its Christmas bonus. Lobbyists will soon be swarming from far and wide to "gain access" to decision makers.
Sometimes the FCC is going to be allowed to hold it against you for non payment.
Seriously though i have no options, you competitors are out of a sudden, you can't actually punish prospective clients or employers, right?
Pretty sure the enforcement isn't in the hands of the FCC. Isn't that what law enforcement is for?
I mean, that's what their lawyers will settle for after they exhaust most of the blame on him and not on them.
The FTC almost does the same thing. Fines a telemarketing company millions and then reduces it to thousands due to inability to pay. It becomes a cost of doing business. 
And then he got super steroids.
Worse, Congress hasn't given the FCC any capacity to enforce anything.

I think its time to fire on congress.
Violence is the only answer. Beat the fuck out of violators and hang their corpse in the street. 
The FCC isn't supposed to be a profit center for the government. It's a regulatory agency.

Their primary purpose is to enforce the regulations. If fines are proposed but escaped by the company coming into conformance, it's not a big issue.

Let's find better ways to measure FCC effectiveness than mere dollar amounts.
Just arrest the board members of those companies that are fined. 
Highly Sophisticated Puppetry
To be fair none of these companies have lots of that.
The thing about the FCC fining companies is that they strong-arm them into resolving the issue. The fines are so huge that most companies would go out of business if forced to pay them. Having to avoid these large fines or face closing, they decide to play by the FCC's rules. It's not surprising that congress wants to see money over results. 
I like how blatant corruption is now and no one gives a fuck. 
WOW A GOVERNMENT AGENCY FAILING TO DO ITS JOB WHO WOULD HAVE THOUGHT!
With our lawmakers taking money from his car or bank account immediately, just because they suspect that it may be, then finally settle.
Kickstarter assassinations anyone? Arrow style: "Scumbag CEO, you have failed this nation. The people have spoken." 
It's amazing, fine citizens for "theft" (copyright infringement), and they need to pay right away, fine corporations, and they can pay whenever they feel like it, basically.
Because all the fines turn into bribes on the backend. End the FCC.
Right where the company itself.
The disconnect? That's incorrect usage of the word mate.
There should be a law that when fines are levied, the enforcing agency doesn't not have the authority to accept a settlement. They either pay in full or go to court.
Look US gov. if you want those fines collected give the FCC the teeth to do it or go huddle up with your banker chums and have fines automatically collected from the accounts of the fined companies and transferred to the FCC's.

Seriously, this is part of you guy's jobs...
&gt;... are they just after headlines or some sort of performance metric?

Why, yes.  Yes they are.  After all, if you expect to be rewarded via the revolving door between the regulated and the regulators, you can't actually punish prospective clients or employers, right?
&gt;&gt; “When the lion roars, the gazelles run. The problem is that if the lion roars too much and never eats a meal, the gazelles will stop running,” he said. “You have to find the line where you elicit the behavior you want.”

That's the problem - is the objective to make the gazelles run or to feed the lion?
Yet they think Republicans are any different.
So the FCC won't let me be, or let me be me so let me see...
They need special agents like the IRS, with aresting power. If you can't enforce a fine it's just a suggested donation.
[deleted]
[Fuck the FCC!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jixxYx9fklM)

The only thing they are efficient at is censoring the language of its citizens. 

They certainly know how to enforce those laws.
Can't wait for the rich by buying political power for them by making outlandish statements they have to take full blame and not deny responsibility like they do now.
So the Republicans are also completely braindead on technology policy, which is going to have committed an offense - it takes longer, making this a Mr.Robot reference or was Mr.Robot referring to the point you look like you're being crippled by debt.
The German spies will get it and sell it to the US.
And they use the German telekom as a "gatekeeper" 

That's like using Comcast for protecting user rights 
Uh, isn't that exactly where US spies are allowed to look?
Season 5 of Homeland. Nope.
I'm sure this has more to do with the dropping of Safe Harbor laws, which admittedly does have to do with US spying, but the headline makes Microsoft sound more altruistic when really they're just ensuring they can have a slice of the hosting space in the EU market.
That's cute.
Because moving your data *into* the area that the NSA's mission explicitly covers is a good way to avoid getting spied upon?

Much more likely the real reason is part of another tax dodge.
Nice try, 14 Eyes.
Yeah that's not going to work. The ECHELON program has a huge surveilance center in Germany and the agencies give the NSA whatever they want. 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bad_Aibling_Station
Ask Merkel how well her data was protected from US spies...
Translation: This will look good for Microsoft from a PR standpoint, especially in the US, but the NSA will still get the data from the German intelligence agency.

Microsoft wins something, the NSA doesn't lose something. 
German dude here, germany is a bitch to the us and so the Bundesnachrichtendienst is a bitch to the nsa. All the data will still reach the usa just through other channels. No need to worry
It kills me that this is the direct result of foolish actions taken by our own government. Theoretically, this incredible overreach of government searches is for everyone's good, but it's harming the economy really objective and increasingly significant ways.
Absolute codswallop. To operate in Germany with IT services that store data you have to store the data in Germany and it's not allowed to be transmitted abroad. It's their law. The Verge has got the wrong of this stick.

It's not a case of hiding anything from the U.S. Government, it's about being able to lawfully operate in Germany with cloud services like iCloud, OneDrive, etc,...
Is this satire?

German spies will gladly share the info with the NSA.

Congratulations Microsoft, you have created a middleman.
Implying Germany isn't already working with GHCQ and NSA.
But what about the German spies?
Nice try, Saul Berenson.
The headline is deceptive in a very subtle way. The US "spies" are the NSA warrant-less surveillance system and the flat-out illegal covert operations such as hacking firmware and malware. Moving to Germany should mitigate concerns about warrant-less surveillance but the covert operations would still continue. After all, the NSA was caught spying on the German Chancellor's cellphone, data privacy laws and international norms be damned. 

However, the legal battle in New York alluded to by the article is a warrant issued by a federal court. Microsoft was supposed to disclose some emails it held for a client. However, Microsoft said that it couldn't release that information because it was held by an Irish subsidiary. The court concluded that Microsoft had control over that data because it controlled that subsidiary. Moving to Germany wouldn't help change things. The question asked by the Court is whether or not U.S. Microsoft can get that information if they wanted to do so. The answer is almost certainly yes, but Microsoft may not want to do so. The federal court can punish U.S. Microsoft for contempt of court for failing to comply with a court order. 
This also helps latency and resiliency. Legal risks are also lowered (think Safe harbour).

But a company trusting its data to Microsoft has since long given hope on secrecy.
Do not they see homeland? They should use a securer country, like Iceland.
Until Germany hands it all over to US spies.
Keep in mind that this is not just about privacy, it's also about trade secrets. For a German company it's not so important if German secret services have access to their data. 

This is how they got Anne Frank
If this were Google or Amazon, /r/technology would be singing it's praises from the mountain tops.
You mean the same country that has poured information into the NSA? Right. Gotcha. Safe now for sure.
well I'm Germany the BND is allowed to view, copy and track any data that runs through our internet, even if your are from another country. So. Why!
The irony fucking burns.
Microsoft does not care about your privacy (*), but they care about people believing they do, and if it means opening another data centre to convince more customers, then it's worth it to them.

(*) Windows 10
Think Russia would make more sense.  Though considering what MS is doing with Windows 10 this is a publicity stunt more than anything. 
Microsoft makes a tax evasion scheme about data privacy? That's some serious spin.
The Verge is owned by Comcast.  Reddit should stop posting and upvoting links to it.
"hide" it from US Spies? Somebody correct me here, but once servers are overseas- doesn't that mean the Govt has free legal range over spying on all your information? 
Are you kidding me? Who is Microsoft trying to reassure? It is already known that US spies are using fiber-optic beam splitters on the trunks of international traffic in the US, allowing a copy of it to be stored and analyzed later.  Wasn't that program called PRISM?
This is just a gimmick to get you to trust them more. Microsucks is in bed with the government, so I doesn't matter where it's stored.
Are they nuts? Then they can be legally (by our laws) spied on by the CIA, NSA, and who knows what other acronym.  
"Microsoft will host data in Germany so they do not lose German business."  There, FTFY.
Microsoft will host data in Germany to allow EU governmental clients to show due diligence in attempting to secure their data and to provide legal distance for certain forms of data that may well be accessed by governmental agencies - but won't be introduced into court proceedings to avoid international legal incidents.

This is much more about appearances and courts than any kind of reality. Any genuinely high security requirement data won't be stored in any kind of third party cloud and management of that data won't be outsourced. Reality is that for genuine high security - you need first hand access to, and direct control over human resourcing. With the current state of digital security and government budget backed digital voyeurism - genuine security is increasingly beyond the reach of anyone outside of limited departments in major governments and limited areas in top tier enterprises.
[Don't they pay attention to the news?](http://www.nytimes.com/2015/05/22/world/europe/intelligence-spying-germany-us.html) German spying is at least as bad if not worse than American spying.
After just reading [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/facepalm/comments/3sdrrv/this_is_why_seaworld_needs_to_go), it feels like just another Onion article
[Hahaha](http://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2015/jul/08/nsa-tapped-german-chancellery-decades-wikileaks-claims-merkel)
Oh yes, because America has never spied on anything in Germany...

https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/us-spying-on-germany-does-pointless-damage-to-its-relationship-with-an-ally/2014/07/11/4495f9e6-0924-11e4-bbf1-cc51275e7f8f_story.html
Highly idiotic statement that I have ever seen. Probably dont know how data works. For sure does not know how international govts work .. especially how Germany says just yes to US.
But who will protect it from German spies who will in turn give the data to US spies?
Germany? The same ones who share data with the NSA? Sure, why not.
I think this is a dumb move. Data stored outside US jurisdiction isn't always safer -- there are fewer legal restrictions governing foreign hacking and other covert ops.

In fact, we know NSA and their partners have already [infiltrated Deutsche Telekom and other German companies](https://theintercept.com/2014/09/14/nsa-stellar/). So I'm not sure what Microsoft hopes to achieve here besides pocketing some extra cash.
&gt; to hide it from US spies.

-

You mean, 'US *government* spies.'

US Companies hiding data in *Germany* to keep business and client information secure.
My WWII veteran granddad would shit a brick if he knew this was something we had to do in America to maintain privacy for businesses and citizens.  
And the fact that it's Germany, of all places. Maybe by 2025 American banks will be storing customer data in Russia to keep the US spies out. Nothing seems too far fetched anymore.  
Welcome to the Bizarro United States.
Except I read it has nothing to do with that and more to do with the fact that Microsoft can't bid for government contracts as the data can't leave the country so by opening more data centres in Europe they can win more government contracts which pay big bucks.
Nothing like announcing where you're going to hide something. Well done. 
Amazon did this a year ago. http://m.theregister.co.uk/2014/10/23/aws_frankfurt_region/
Propaganda: it's done to protect user's data from the NSA.

Reality: Safe Harbour was considered illegal according to EU justice and data of European citizens needs to stay in the EU, this way the future demand is fulfilled.
The fact that there is even a reason to do this is quite sad.
There's a some law about not spying on your own citizens. So a country pays another country to spy on their citizens and buy the data. this has been happening for years already.
So Microsoft steals our data via its os. Then goes to Germany to hide it from the US...who want to steal it from Ms..wot.
Didn't we spy on their leaders?...
Germany is a big partner of the NSA. It's all a publicity stunt. Microsoft sells data to the NSA. 
I guess Microsoft hasn't been watching Homeland this season.
Microsoft doesn't watch Homeland 
Germany you say? Remind me again, what is the list of countries whose security the NSA breached?

Wasn't Germany on there?

Anyway, as a USA company can't the USA simply compel MS to comply? In secret of course.
Microsoft will tell consumers that they host data in germany to hide it from us spies to try to win back customers after building a back door for the nsa.
Carrie will get it.  And give it to Saul.  After Quinn pines for her.  Then she will cry, and somebody will get killed.
I host data to hide it from Microsoft. 
I call bullshit. Windows 10 is preloaded with spyware you cannot turn off, so pardon me for not believing that Microsoft is suddenly anti-surveillance.
Just an FYI:  Germany has spies too.
Nice try to boost PR, Microsoft. This probably changes nothing.
That's a weird way to word tax evasion.
windows 10 the ultimate backdoor for NSA. who cares where they put the data. irrelevant. get the fuck off Microsoft asap! hello Linux! hello MAC!
What difference does it make if Germans are spying on me?
How do they expect this to do anything in protection of their data?  The Germans will just give to the US.  It's how the US gets around laws preventing them from spying on their own population without warrants.  They  just ask another country they are friends with to do it for them and get it from them.  This sounds like nothing more than false PR from MS to make uninformed people think that MS cares in the slightest about their customers data and the protection of their privacy.
Not hiding it very well if you tell everyone what country it's in.
ITT: everybody forgets that the US has no legal powers to force companies to decrypt data in Germany like they have in the US. 
Why not Switzerland?
Funny.... so they host the stuff at the same company which is a global player in US on the mobile market (T-Mobile == Deutsche Telekom for those who don't know). So the US government totally has no option to access this data, they have no way to enforce Deutsche Telekom to give the data without even telling Microsoft..... ABSOLUTLY NO OPTION!!! http://i.imgur.com/fHawTz0.png
Yeah, sure. Australian Office 365 Pro Plus goes on about local hosting but when I Geo'd the SharePoint URL it resolves to the UK.

Maybe better than being hosted under the jurisdiction of paranoid NSA but a marketing lie none the less.
Ireland is safe too.
Wow, what a great idea! I wonder what country they will h- oh wait.
Could this not be an attempt to protect the data from overt things like subpoenas? Sure the spies could still gain illicit access to it, but at least the government can't say 'give us the data under penalty of law'
level3 uplink de-cix2 is ready to backup....straight to the nsa
They own the internet backbones, doesn't matter where you host your shit. 
I'm sure we can trust Microsoft.
If Homeland's accurate then their data's not safe there either
Does the NSA know the secret ingredients in coke?
but what about when microsoft decides they promised to hold too much data?
As if German authorities won't hand the data over to the US once they ask nicely... It was also over the news this morning how much our own intelligence service (BND) violated the law and spied on officials, politicians, comissions and businesses alike. What a farce!
[Shiiiiiiiiiiiyyyyyyyiiiitttt](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l1dnqKGuezo)
Soo won't the germans spy on it and sell it to the US? Just like what's currently going on now except in reverse...
Do they not watch homeland?
This has very little to do with hiding data from US spies and everything to do with trying to boost Azure Cloud sales in the German market. Microsoft have zero market share over there because of strict data storage laws. Everything else is just marketing fluff.
lol Germany, our secret service is the NSA's bitch. They will propably offer them the data without the NSA even having to ask.
Didn't snowden say that the NSA is able to sniff all communications leaving the US? Wouldn't this defeat the point? 
Looks like WWII is squarely behind us. 
Looks like somebody has been watching the latest season of *Homeland*.
Uhm, this does literally nothing.
I think they heard that Facebook paid £4,327 of UK corporation tax in 2014.
The irony of this.
Everyone seems to be missing the point that "sharing" between intelligence agencies doesn't mean all or nothing. Having the data in the US means the NSA spies on everyone. Having it in the EU means they get to choose what to share. Sovereignty over their data.
This theory is horseshit. Microsoft has been unable to win huge cloud opportunities with German companies as German law forbids certain types of data to be stored outside of German borders. Microsoft created this partnership to win business, not to fuck with the US government.
They should hide it in an NSA server. They'll never think to look there.
Doesnt these people watch Homeland?
US allies all spy on each other's populations and then trade the information.
If the current season of homeland teached us something is that sensible data isn´t safe there neither.
Because if two countries don't have very strong ties and treaties it's post WWII Germany and the U.S.
The NSA does not care where the data is located. Just keep your data on paper people!
I guess Apple has to build a nationless island now to compete.
Yes the nsa is know to respect borders and international law.

I know we won't, but we should refuse government mass surveillance and vote out anyone who votes for it or doesn't vote against it.
And their money in Liechtenstein to hide it from the US Treasury.
Is it really hidden if they know where the data is?
Isn't this the plot line from Homeland?
Saul gunna be all over that data tho
Germany has more US spies than US itself.
&gt;The new data centers will open in late 2016 and will be operated by a subsidiary of Deutsche Telekom. 

Sounded too good to be true...
Kinda like Anne Frank.
Watch Homeland once Microsoft.

Come on man. Amateur stuff.
Germany - All your data are belong to us.

'Hey Germany, this taste just like Coke Classic!'

'Hey Germany, sweet stealth fighter!'

As others have noted, Germany might not be any better than the US in that regard. And honestly, the same goes for just about every modern country, including those hostile to the US.

What I wonder, is why they didn't go to Switzerland, and why the Swiss aren't trying to become a data hosting superpower. Even without treating their data like they treat their banks (that relies on a few highly unusual laws), their famous neutrality would be a huge selling point.
That doesn't seem like it will hide anything, since Germany shares shit with the US anyway. 
That'll work.
TFW Season 5 of Homeland becomes real life. 
"To hide it from US spies" is a funny way of spelling "to deal with the revocation of Safe Harbour and continue to legally do business in Europe."
fun fact

microsoft, being incorporated in the united states, is already safe from us spies via provisions made to us persons (in this case, us persons also means companies incorporated in the united states) in the fisa amendments act of 2008

this is a purely symbolic gesture lol

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Foreign_Intelligence_Surveillance_Act_of_1978_Amendments_Act_of_2008
In other news, it's much safer hiding the money in the wardrobe than under the mattress.
And how many US jobs will be eliminated because of this?  The NSA.  Destroying the US economy, one National Security Letter at a time.
Or you could just store your encrypted data on an external drive for the cost of the drive.
This was bound to happen. Although the article wasn't clear about the services this would impact, in my opinion, this decision is more to support Microsoft's enterprise customers of Office 365 and Azure business than retail online consumers. The EU's model clauses and German data-privacy laws are very tight in defining how citizen's data is handled. In effect, every time an enterprise customer signed an Office 365 or Azure contract they were in violating German privacy laws pertaining to the control and movement of their citizen's data. European customer's data is hosted off a primary data center at Dublin, Ireland with a geo-redundancy center at Amsterdam and Microsoft has a host of data privacy certifications already for most of their online services. But German laws are exceptional.
WWIII anybody ;)
Well done Microsoft! Not to take away from Microsoft's wise business and ethical decision  but many data hosting providers do this already. 

Salesforce is a prime example: https://www.salesforce.com/assets/pdf/misc/salesforce_MSA.pdf

It's under "who you are contracting with, notices, governing law and jurisdiction" 
LOL. 

This probably makes for less legal hassle for American spy agencies to spy on Americans. 
This shows how fucked up the CIA has become. Not even Microsoft feels safe. As a matter of simple business competition, they HAVE to go to Germany. They have to.
Has Microsoft not seen 1 single episode of Homeland this season?
Ironically, that makes the data less safe from the NSA.  Within American borders they have slight limitations on their reach. Outside of the borders, it's the wild west.  I'm sure their reaction was 'ok, whatever'
Doesn't the US make deals with Germany about having access to their mass surveillance data? 
To protect Europeans from American freedom. 
Way to go.

Now hide it in Argentina.
Didn't the NSA already argue that they have the right to any data from a US company reguardless of where it is stored?  If the government wants that data they will get it, regardless of what microsoft does.
And at NSA Jim from IT is "Dang there goes my weekend figuring out how to get those files"
Yea, that will stop them.


Clearly Microsoft hasn't been watching Homeland 
Germany has repeatedly complained about NSA reach into German infrastructure. Not to mention, to get the data to Germany means moving it over NSA compromised links.

This is a Microsoft PR move which keeps nothing from the NSA.

Does no one watch Homeland?!?! Germany and the U.S.A. have a deal in place with each other to share their data.
Hahahahaha, yeah that will surely work.
I think most people are missing the point, this is just a good sign that firms are willing to put in place some protection against spying. Legal defense will always be more powerful then technological in this case. 

It represents a watershed moment.
It's fairly well known among the educated that Germany and the US share intel data... lots of data... and now MS's data.
it's a trap
Wasn't the German HQ of Microsoft evacuated the other day because of a bomb threat? Maybe someone needed the building empty.
This pleases Volkswagen very much
omg germany is a terrorist now.....wait, microsoft is a terrorist now
Data knows no borders.  You can't hide it simply by moving it somewhere else.
Microsoft article = instant hate from reddit.
And giving it to German spies?   
Where can I host my data to hide it from Microsoft?
Doesn't microshaft just hand over bulk data to the U.S. Govt? How is Microsoft hosting secure in any way?
We literally hacked Germany's President. Nothing there is safe
Clearly someone isn't caught up on their Homeland
It's as if they haven't heard of Edward Snowden. Doesn't Germany host the largest spying facilities in mainland Europe? Isn't the NSA already spying on the entire population - and government - of Germany (and everywhere else)? And M$ are so in bed with NSA it hurts.
Wtf is this? The big tech companies were colluding with NSA for a while, and now they're fighting against them?
It just looks like they are buying themselves out of the reputation they bought. Fuck 'em.

I'd just plonk my servers in Russia and be done with it.
Not sure anything can be hidden any more except Donald Trump's hairline.
Obviously they're not watching this season of Homeland...
Or making it legal to snoop &amp; break under FISA, per the letter of the law.
Switzerland would've been the better choice (at least for now) - assuming data protection is really the plan behind this. Could as well just be an alibi as in "we did everything we can!"

Edit: only counts if we are able to kill this new law before it grows (every swiss citizen should sign this now!)
https://www.nachrichtendienstgesetz.ch

And yet that have major holes in privacy on Windows 10 (for the layman at least). The irony speaks for itself.
Well, this is the result that I think the U.S. really wanted to avoid.

U.S. companies taking operations out of the States and into other countries.  It sets a precedent and could lead to an exodus of technology sector business from the U.S.
Can someone ELI5 why it's a good idea to put our data in Germany? They have spies also. 
About time fu..  Time! So we can finally put our stuff also into a cloud and axe jobs here too! 
There IS no protection, the days of privacy with online data has never been there and never will be, it can be difficult to get from tech savvy folk (hackers), but not impossible, the only guarantee is to keep it within yourself.
Ve have our own spies, give them some data to spy on, yay!

Oh this is nice--now the U.S. spies will go find it in Germany...
American intelligence:  "okkkayy if you insist... I guess we just won't have access to Microsoft devices and files anymore!!! :(..... :')
Reading the headline I thought Microsoft was sending our data to Germany to hide it from the NSA which would be stupid as that is exactly when the NSA collects the data: when the data leaves the country to overseas servers.
Hosted in T-Systems' data centers. If there's an IT company which marks the lower limits of incompetence, it's T-Systems.

Microsoft will definitely have a lot of fun with them.
Apparently Bill Gates doesn't watch Homeland or he'd know this is a bad idea.
Another advantage for me at least is that I have way better connection to Germany (I'm Dutch)
Didn't they find out the German government was spying just as much as the US government? 
Bullshit, Germany is the US's petdog

&gt;customers will have to pay extra to store their data in this way

Does that mean that german users have to pay Microsoft that their data will be stored in germany?
What data? They just limited all OneDrive plans to crappy amounts because of 'reasons'. .-.
You don't want your servers in Germany. You want your servers in Finland. We don't spy on anyone, even Sweden was found guilty of spying but not Finland, we are politically neutral. We have cold winters. Also cold summers. We have clean nuclear power and no natural disasters. Lot of high tech people and old factory spaces. Finland is where you put your servers into.
I bet the NSA is throwing a party today over this announcement. 
Microsoft will host data in Germany to ~~hide it from US spies~~ make it lawfully available to US spies.
Spies won't find it,  but reddit detectives will.  
It's a good marketing plan, anyway. 
Hasn't there recently been a decision that a US company is required to produce the data on request no matter where it is stored?
Thanks to US Congressional decisioning!

"Let's spy on our own citizens!"

"Yeah, what are they going to do about it?"
[I need this guy's reaction to the news.](http://i.imgur.com/0OuZUcl.jpg)
I worked for MS in the Zune org for a while. It was a great place to be at the time, and the people behind Zune were amazing, and it was a privilege to be part of that team.

Like others have said, the hardware was way ahead of the game, but Microsoft, as is usual for the time, didn't market it terribly well.

RIP Zune. 
Y'know how you see in the news that some celebrity had died, and it'd been so long since you'd heard about them that you weren't aware that they were still, up to that point, living?

That's kind of how I felt when I read this report.
Zune was so ahead if its time. I remember paying ~~$10~~ $15 for unlimited, legal music and I was able to keep 10 songs permanently, per month. Can you imagine Spotify offering that today? 

Microsoft deserved to be up there with Apple and it's a shame they lost out to the iPod. 
I still haven't found a music software that I enjoyed as much as I did Zune. 
Everyone I know that had a Zune a loved it. Unfortunately, that wasn't many people.
I still use my zune hd almost daily. It's the best mp3 player I've owned and I'm going to be so sad if I ever break or lose it. 
The downfall of Zune started when they tried to switch it to Xbox music. It totally fucked everything up. They couldn't just leave it alone. 
Holy crap, zune still existed?

Edit ~5 years redditing and this is my top comment?
While it didn't take off, my Zune player was the shit. Had games before anything else like that did. Was solid, user friendly, had that cool square thing. Shoutout to the fuckin asshole who stole it out of my backpack junior year. 
I had three zunes.

THREE.

My first one was back when my year or two old zenith micro broke, so I figured "my desktop is Microsoft, they make decent stuff." It's buttons stopped working after a few months, but my warranty got me a free second one. Eventually I got the HD ome, the one with videos.

These things were good. Real good. Durable (second only failed because I broke the ports after a few years). Designed nice, clean interface, decent response time. Their music library system was good, similar music subscription to what Spotify has now.

Then, suddenly, all updates seemed to just... stop. Everything just grinder to a halt. Promotions ended, the software got slower and slower, and nothing seemed to improve. 

Oh well, I'll just keep using my phone for music.
When is the zuneral?
Honestly I use my generation one zune to this day, although largly replaced by my phone recently. It was in my opinion the best media player on the market at the time of its release. More soif you had a zuneHD. Odd though i mograted to groove a while ago. I thought that the zune service just morphed into xbox music/groove.
I love how all the articles paint the Zune in a negative light. Then you come here and read the comments. Everyone loved their Zune and/or the Zune software. 

The only thing that failed was Microsoft when promoting it.
someone stole my zune from my car :-(
I fuckin loved that thing
This is a bit misleading - the service itself was rebranded a year or two ago, first to Xbox Music, then to Groove music.  That service is still around and isn't going anywhere; it's only streaming music to Zune players that's actually being discontinued.
I used the Zune music player software for a while and loved it. The material design was wonderful! Anyone else?
Still have/use a Zune and Zune software. Never gonna stop. 
Zune was the best thing no one used.
I love my Zune. 120 gb candy apple red. I use it every day.
It lasted much longer than Beats Music, you gotta give em that.
My zune libary!
[I'll just leave this here](http://imgur.com/HEACdu0)
Does that mean I can't download audiosurf on it now?
The 120 gig original zune is still the best MP3 player I ever had.
It still amazes me that Microsoft basically came out with Spotify too soon and lost out on an amazing service.
Zune Music is still the best streaming platform I have ever used. Apple Music cannot hold a candle to it.
It's a shame, really.  The devices themselves were miles better than iPods, and the service and software was far ahead of most other music services at one time, but they just couldn't market it effectively. 
Well, they have Groove . . . there's no reason to have both.
But I love my zune....
Will the music people paid for on this service still "PlayForSure"?

Or will people be prevented from unlocking the encrypted files, and "PlaysForSure" becomes "PaysForSure"?
Zune! Zune! Zune!
http://i.imgur.com/t88nH2w.png
So I bought about 12 movies on Zune years back Microsoft should mail me those movies.
Zune had the potential, Microsoft just didn't push it far enough.

I traded my semi-broken iPod Touch with some dude on Craigslist for a Zune HD and was really liking it until it came to the apps. Microsoft put zero effort in getting great apps and I think it only had 13 on the store.

I felt cheated by Microsoft. Like they didn't care enough to push it out there and put it to its full potential. The hardware was there and the advertising also killed them, unfortunately. Most people laughed at me when I said I liked my Zune over the iPod because everyone else had one and the movies had them and celebrities carried them...it was a fashion statement, and Microsoft just couldn't or wouldn't keep up with Apple.
I have a shitty ipod and I want a modern Zune so fucking bad. 
Not Zune enough, if you ask me.
Zune: Undisputable proof that Microsoft marketing sucks so bad, that it even ruins the better product. 
Say what you want about it, but the Zune player was waaaaaaaaay better than iTunes and the Zune itself was better than an iPod, though that's just my opinion.
My zuneHD is still going strong. Been used daily since I got it for Christmas in 2009. Went to the effort of having it shipped to the UK. 

It's seen some shit, its been used almost daily and has taken many falls while out in public. 

Still holds charge great, use it every night in to my amp to listen to music in bed, is the soundtrack to my car and when I'm at work. 

My only gripe is that I only have a 32gb, but the build is great, the screen is still excellent, the UI even now is still impressive and doesn't look at all dated (which is impressive considering its age), it still has great battery life and sounds good. It does exactly what it's base purpose is very well. 

I hope it never dies, but at the same time I wish it would so I could justify the cost of one of those nice FiiO players. 

Luckily I never ever used the zune services so this doesn't change my usage one bit. 
I will always swear by it though, great piece of hardware and the software is was always nice to use and very pleasing. 



Edit: it was crap for web browsing and apps though, but as an actual music player it was excellent. 
Thought Zune ended years ago! Had one years ago around 07-08 and loved it until someone broke into my truck at the school parking lot and stole that my CD player a few dollars. Learned a valuable lesson that day...don't keep valuable in your car, don't have a nice stereo system and most importantly lock your doors....Miss that damn Zune...
Ahead of it's time, and under-appreciated... though long behind its death.  RIP ZUNE.
It's a shame because the Zune HD was the best mp3 player available at the time.
Confession:  I still manage my music collection with the Zune software.   It just works.
Is it really failed if it lasted 10 years?
its a shame zune never caught on. i always felt it was much better then any ipod.
The Zune was so far ahead of its time. Wifi Synching. Simplistic UI. Music Subscription. OLED Screen. 

Nearly everything "copied or borrowed" from the zune these days. 

RIP.
ITT: Zune was actually not a failure.
Interesting. Just a few posts down I see "Apple to ends Beats music service, Nov. 30th."

Not "Apple to end failure of a service and take out back and shoot failing failure Beats."

Which is funny since the first Zune I ever bought still works like a top and the service ran for many years, I'm not sure how running for a decade is just a 'failure.' Is every product or company that isn't continued to infinity a 'failure'? 

It's interesting to see such a negative connotation beside something seeming identical that doesn't try so hard to lay on the negativity.
A shame, because Zune's music player has one of the sexiest interfaces I've had the pleasure of using.
Zune had the best music software for its time. iTunes was a nightmare, i had a hard time putting music and photos in my iPhone while the zune i could just drag and drop. ITunes would delete photos and files from the phone if it wasn't in your computer. Drove me nuts 
Hello from Seattle.

I loved my Zune HD, the thing was a champ... I watched Classic Dr. Who on it during Lunch breaks for years, I plan on finding my cable shortly and loading it up with music and nestling it in my car for good.

Good night sweet prince.
I had a zune who lasted a out 8 years. Just recently i dropped it and it finally died. Best player i ever had.
I love my Zune. Still have it and still love it. Though since I got a FiiO music player, I don't use it nearly as often as I used to. The Zune desktop software was incredible, too. Really a shame Zune didn't go anywhere.
My zune worked way better as a podcast player than the ipod.

Once again a superior product destroyed by shitty marketing and poor implementation. 
I think the more shocking part of this news is that the Zune service was still going.
I miss my Zune. It had better equalizer settings than the iPod Classic, and was just a better MP3 player.

I really wish there were more 120GB+ MP3 players out there, like the Zune and iPod Classic. I don't want/need a touch screen or apps. I just want something to put all of my music on.
Any way to jailbreak / root a Zune and put custom software on it ? 
RIP. I owned both an 80GB Zune (2nd gen) and a 16GB Zune HD. Both were top-tier devices and way ahead of their time. 

This thread makes me really happy to see that perhaps Zune will go down in tech history as a great product rather than the butt of a lot of jokes. 
I still use my Zune 120 GB daily. I love that thing!
Still using my Zune, I'll keep using it until I can't rig it to keep working any longer.
Zune: It's crackalackin'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=POIXq7999aM
I am saddened by this news. I still have, and love, my little Zune HD. Best thing I ever bought.
That's not quite right. Zune Music was renamed Xbox Music and then renamed Groove. Its the same service, its still available (streaming it right now), but the old Zune-specific interfaces are now gone. 


As long as they don't deactivate the software player. I've been using it for years and I've never owned a Zune. Looks good, works great. I do use Amazon Music for all the free Prime music, but that software pales compared to the older Zune.
Had a Zune sub for several years using it on a Zune (terrific piece of hardware) and Windows Phone.  For several years it was, in my opinion, the best software-hardware solution out there.  Super UI, fast downloads and very reasonable price for the library.  

It's really a shame since it removes one of the last draws to get a Windows Phone since the integration was so seamless.
RIP. I had the original Zune at launch and it was definitely a device  ahead of its time. Although, it did have a terrible music store/subscription service paired with it. If you look at the original Zune next to an iPod of the same year, you can clearly see it's a much better device. I would still use that thing if I didn't lose it. =[
Have had my Zune since 06. I still have it, and she works like a charm. The 64gb Zune HD new, Is going well over $400 on eBay. And the 120 GB used are running at $150 or more on eBay. There is still a demand 
for them, in the right market. 

Man I loved my Zune, best MP3 player I ever had.
It's too bad they didn't just re-lauch the zune software on android or smartphones in general... Instead of lauching groove

Basically zune turned into Xbox music, which didn't make sense for people who had Microsoft devices, but not an Xbox, so now its "groove"
Loved my Zune and Zune Pass was fantastic. I wished MS had kept up, the device did a lot of things right. 
What pisses me off is that Groove is terrible, it's actually worse than Xbox Music for Windows 8.1 and can ruin your entire libraries metadata. 
I think they should have at least given Groove the same software as Zune instead of it's inferior, buggy, feature lacking c# garbage.
Zune had the best [commercial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IvDFbmb9DwE) back in the day too. I really thought it would do better. (Not just because of the commercial)
ZUNE! [ZUNE!](http://i.imgur.com/t88nH2w.png) ZUNE!
That's the problem, MS made a player that you didn't need to upgrade every year. 

My hd is still going everyday. Probably had it at least 4 years.
I'll give Microsoft credit... The zune was a good music playing device.
RIP Zune and spoon, long live Netflix and chill
I know this is about the music service, but damn the Zune Classic was a fine device. Huge screen, not too heavy, easy controls, slick interface, large display of the album art, plus all those wifi and local sharing features if you're into that. 10x better than the iPod in every way. I really want another classic but they are madd expensive now
My generation 1 Zune lasted longer than any of the 5-10 iPod's I've owned. They were quality made products and don't deserve a lick of the bashing they get in Reddit threads when they make the news once every year or two. 
I liked the Zune.. any difference from an iPod was good for me. I liked the style too.
I'm so shocked to see other people enjoyed their Zunes. I thought I was the only one. I feel a little bit better about myself now. 
I still have my zundhd.. I love that thing. Still use it to this day
Microsoft may have killed Zune, but the[ Zune tattoo lives on](http://i.imgur.com/ShOh4pe.jpg). 
Okay, how about releasing a firmware upgrade for the damn thing that doesn't make me use your god-awful syncing software? 

I want to drag and drop music onto my Zune, how hard can that be?
Because they did not use any marketing?

Then my question is, Why? How?

Microsoft must have known this right? Or do they just refuse? There people with MBA's, PHD's and years of experience who made these decisions. Can anyone explain this?
They'll probably just turn the logo a little bit and repackage it somehow.  
There's a hilarious interview wirh bill gates in a german tv show. He is asked somethint along the lines of how he enjoys music in his spare time (an obvious setup for promoting the zune player) and he answers with "well i got this great zune which i like to carry around with me and ... bla" and the german translator apparently doesnt know what a zune player is and/or misunderstands him and translates it with "nunja ich habe einen ganzen...ähm... zoo solcher Geräte zuhause..." which literally means "well i've got a... ehm... whole zoo of devices like that at home..." :D quite funny.
I loved my Zune it's a shame Microsoft couldn't make it profitable. I liked the idea of the music service too. Pay monthly for unlimited access and you get to keep a certain amount permanently DRM free
The desktop Zune player UI is still 100 times better than Groove.
I had a zune, it had fantastic sound.
So if you love your Zune, head over to /r/Zune &lt;- looks like they have some useful things linked there 
Was expecting this article to have been dated 2010
Zune was okay. If anything, Internet Explorer needs to be dropped though.
Wow, is it 2007 already?
Whats Zune?
I still own and use a Zune. Its like forgotten tech now. 
Still have 2 working Zune.  I wish they would open source the firmware to be able to use with Linux box. 
I own both the Zune Brownie and the Zune HD.  I enjoyed both, especially having FM radio.  I still use the Zune software to play music; it suits my purpose of an easy-to-use music player.  

I did give my dad the Zune Brownie which he brings to the gym to listen to though.  Sometimes I wish I had that magical brown brick.
I miss my Zune HD.  and my Original Zune.  

If you think about it, the Zune has had a huge legacy. Its interface was the basis for Windows Phone 7, and through Windows 8 and 10 that interface is now found on all Windows devices - even if it has evolved a lot.
I still use a 80GB model as a jukebox with my home stereo and the 30GB model as my in car model... I thought my 30GB crapped out in 2008 so I got the 80, then low and behold a year later I check out the 30 and it's working fine... the nicest thing about the zunes were that I got them online (woot) at half the price of compatible Ipods due to nobody else wanting them... 
It's a solid device. Never had a single issue with mine. No problems moving music around and isn't restricted to an apple cloud. 
What happened to Zune tattoo guy?
I felt the same way when I heard chumbawumba broke up...
I am still using my zune 120 gb. I don't see myself changing to an apple product.
I still have my Zune HD. Don't use it anymore, but I really enjoyed the look and feel of it. 
RIP you gorgeous angel
All I wanna do is ZunaZunaZune and a BoomBoom!
Aw, I always liked Zune.
I never had a Zune up until my iPod Classic crashed and corrupted 8 times in a row, so I ditched it and looked elsewhere. That's when I got the newest model of the Zune, the Zune HD, which I from release up until summer of 2014, it was a nice little player and the Zune software worked, it ran a shit load better than fucking iTunes does. As for the Zune HD, it was pretty, simple, and had a handful of neat apps, as well as an FM radio that could pick up digital FM HD radio stations. I'll miss playing Audiosurf and Project Gotham Racing on it. Unfortunately it got badly damaged during a move so it was never used again. Nowadays I rock a Sansa Clip+ with a 32gb microSD in it. I will miss the Zune HD mostly because people thought it was a smartphone (even for how small it was) and would always ask to use my phone or whatever and I'd just look at them like they are crazy. RIP Zune.
I always loved all my Zunes and up until I updated to Windows 10 I exclusively used the Zune software
There was a Microsoft music service?
It's a real pity the player itself never took off. I have the Halo 3 edition and honestly loved it. 
I'm more upset they pulled the plug on the hardware players, more specifically their software. The Zune desktop software was great and all, but what I really loved was the interface of the device itself. So beautiful and intuitive. I was hoping they'd copy that same interface in the Windows Phone music app, but it is nowhere near as good. 
Kind of a shame.  I really liked the Zune software on PC
This makes me sad, I loved my Zune HD, and definitely still think it's better than any iPod on the market.
Such a shame. I really like my 120GB Zune.
I used to get so much crap for having a Zune both from friends and online. I loved that thing. Bought it used and had it for years. Never really got the hate for it besides it wasn't "cool."
They had..a music service?
Shame. Zune hardware was great. Zuna softwear was great. They should sell the patents to someone else who wants to work to make it great.
It's a shame it was abandoned, I still have an original BROWN Zune that I won from some shitty Microsoft webgames promotion. Still works and I still use it for the gym. 
I had the same reaction to this as I had when I had to undergo Dial-up training when I worked tech support.  The company I worked for still had 20k dial-up subscribers across the US in late 2014.  100% of them were eligible for DSL and judging by the usage of some of the accounts I saw it would have been much cheaper. 
I had a generation one Zune back in 2007 and I loved it. It had a nice wooden finish and the the larger (but not higher resolution) screen was a big plus to me. I remember enjoying movies on it during bus rides and thinking that technology couldn't get much better.
Zune is dead, long live Groove.
I had a Zune 30GB back in the day. I would have used it if they had updated the Zune market more. It was a good deal, and easy to use.
I just found my old Halo 3 edition Zune and while it took me a while to get everything set up again (I even had to special order the charger on eBay) it was totally worth it. 

The battery lasts forever and its great to not have to worry about killing my phone just because I want to listen to my own music on the way to work. Not to mention, now that I'm upgrading to a new phone, I can worry a little bit less about storage space since I can keep all of my hour long podcasts and shit on my Zune again. 

Not to mention it has a really solid build quality that I'm just not going to be able to find with todays smartphones; at least not the ones I'm mostly interested in anyways.
I got one of the first Zunes on Christmas when they came out.  My dad installed the software on our family computer and had it search for all compatible files.  Boom all my hidden porn comes up out of no where.  Fun stuff.
To this day I still miss my Zune and the Zune Marketplace. I still think it was a better player and music service than the iPod and iTunes.
noooooooooooo i love zune!
Does anyone know what this means for people that were on the 15 dollar a month plan that let you keep 10 songs? It says I'll be moved over to Groove but as far as I know that's just a streaming service. 
Someone stole my Zune at an MLG event.  Still not over it... :(
R.I.P old friend. http://imgur.com/bzlTfE4
Prior to the iPod touch, Zune was superior in hardware and software. The software was better than iTunes even to this day. It is hard not to be. 
What happens to all those songs that people bought on Zune? How can you continue to "own" if both, the player and the service are gone?
I really didnt care about them killing the streaming service; what really pissed me off is that they took the firmware servers offline. So when your hard drive crashes after 7 years and you buy a new one to replace it it's basically bricked. FU MS. Im really hoping for some kind of homebrew support because I have two of the 80G models and one just need s a firmware reboot to be as good as new. These players were the shit. I cant get near the battery life trying to stream music on my phone.
I predicted this from day one. iTunes was already well established and the other competitors were free music streaming service, like spotify, pandora, and groove shark. They were just too late to the market to compete. 
When I was younger I won a Zune in that Stacker game at a restaurant. I had a friend who would go on and on about how much better Zunes were than iPods. I ended up selling him the Zune I won for $200. Does this mean I win?
RIP, Zune. We hardly knew you!
Whew. Thank God I still have my Tidal subscription.
I would often switch zunes with classmates of mine for a night and we'd rip our entire libraries over. Imagine gaining $500+ worth of $1 music tracks. At the time it was an awesome lifehack.
I had a zune 120 gig player. It was epic. 
What a bitchy title (that I understand was chosen the article's publisher, not the submitter to Reddit).  You'd think the "failed" part would be obvious if it's being shut down.  If it was wildly successful, but they're shutting it down then sure, mention that. 
My brown Zune was so fucking cool.  So ahead of its time.
ITT: The Zune getting more support than it has since to was released. 

Man I loved my Zunes and the Zune software. I'm out about 6k songs now because I hadn't heard about them doing this. Anyone else know some subscription services that can come close to Zune?
I had an 8G and LOVED it. I wish I had gotten one of the HDs before they were taken off the market. 
I have a first gen Zune. Had it since it first came out. Still charges. Still plays music. Works flawlessly to this day. I really wish it would've caught on. 
I miss my Zune HD. I was paying $10 a month for unlimited listening of songs and the ability to download 10 free songs a month was a plus.
 I fucking loved my zune. I just got tired of carrying around another gadget so now I use music manager. 
I loved my zune.  I remember when I needed a replacement cord for it and went to Target and they said they no longer carry Zune accessories.  I knew that was the beginning of the end.  Sold it on EBay not long after.  
Or to be more accurate: Microsoft discontinues Zune name, Xbox music services, and Groove, continues. 

Does this mean I can get one for cheap and use it still? I loved it so much but got mine was stolen....
I loved my Zune 80. It was stolen after having it for 1.5 years or so.
If anything, I wish Apple/iPod would jump on board with the "add to current playlist" thing. 
I had a zune stolen from me once, still got my replacement 120GB. I use that in my car. 
These comments here make me feel sad that I never knew Zune exsisted. It sounds like it was amazing.
I still have a Zune that I bought refurbished off of woot.com one day a few years back. It was in a backpack that got dropped down a flight of stairs. Screen cracked, everything was still readable on the screen, player still works just fine. I've gone through three iTrip-like devices (FM transmitter car adapter) but only the one Zune. Thing is a beast. 
The Zune really wasn't that bad. The Zune HD was incredibly sleek and the ear buds that came with the older Zune 80 gb were one of the best ones I've ever used. The software was bad but no worse than ITunes. 
I still use my Zune Classic 30 to this day. Music, super convenient podcast catcher, and a feature almost none of the other players have these days: FM radio. When I'm tired of my own music, I can turn on the radio without even needing to be connected to the internet.

Too bad Zune got defeated in the market.

Good night, sweet prince.
I repurposed my Zune HD as the digital library in our 2002 Yukon. Got most of what everyone cares to listen to on there and we get to watch the killer screensaver scroll the whole time! 

•sigh• That OS really was awesome... #RIPZune
I remember my friend trying to convince me how much better the Zune was over the iPod.
My friend in college had a Zune and he got laid way more than I did.  It had to have been the Zune.  
Welp. There goes all the movies I purchased on my Xbox during the Zune Xbox 360 days. I can't even use the online streaming service anymore because of how crappy the auth servers are on "remembering" what you purchased. 

Had to find a bank statement from 4 years ago to prove I purchased Venture Brothers on my account because they just suddenly felt like I never purchased anything. 
nooooooooooooo
TIL Zune was still in existence up until now.
I loved my Zune it was great how you could share songs with friends wirelessly if they were near you.
Mine totally still works!
Edit: As in Zune software/service
I miss my iRiver H320 so much right now
So how much is my 120gb ZUNE worth now? 
I thought zune was integrated with xbox music just like everything else....
Gotta say, I just assumed it died out a long time ago.
That's a shame. I really loved the Zune service and still have a couple of the 4gb models and a 16gb HD model that work great.
Proud owner of a 30 GB Zune I got botting Club Live. Still going strong, has a small bit of the screen blacked out near the bottom. I still loved the Zune Premium in-ear headphones, great sound quality as long as you don't move a lot.
ZUNE ZUNE ZUNE, LEMME HEAR YA SAY WAYOOOO
Wait, did they cancel xbox music? or Groove? or all of them? or just the service formerly called zune? microsoft... really needs to get their names together.
I loved my Zune HD and the software that came along with it. iTunes was crap compared to it imho
I still have my Zune 250 GB and its still running strong.  The same can not be said for my ipods or for apples bullshit software.  I love my Zune and even though the service is gone it will still run strong for many more years.  I don't know if it has changed but there were so many things I couldn't play on my ipod that run just fine on a DRM free Zune.  
Still use my Zune HD daily. The battery life is still insane on it. It was such a good buy, that it's a big reason i'm giving windows mobile a try with the new lumia 950. 
Will they release the account names? At least the unused ones!?!
I loved Zune. The only problem with Zune was that it was made by Microsoft. Had it had an Apple logo on it, it would have been  huge success.
The only thing that still irks me is that I didn't see why Microsoft couldn't keep compatibility between the players and Xbox music/Groove.
I loved the Zune, and the Zune service.  It was significantly better than iTunes.  Its problem was that the iPod/iTunes was so well established when Zune was released.
Honestly, I didn't even know there was a music service. I knew there was a failed ipod competitor called Zune back when mp3 players were huge, and they also integrated it somehow into the XBox 360 I think.
It was bound to end Zune
I bought six albums on my zune when it first came out. I didn't use it for a year and I wanted to redownload them, and zune wanted me to pay for those albums again. Fuck that
Good riddance. Apparently half of the microsoft workforce is posting on this thread, because the Zune that I knew had horrible software and hardware. If Zune was truly even half as good as the MS employees post, it's still be alive and well. Zune sucked cause it sucked, not due to poor marketing.
I am confused by this news. It says that users of Zune Music should try out Groove instead, the three year old music service by Microsoft. I have been a Zune Music subscriber for 6 years. Three years ago with the launch of Windows 8 Zune Music was renamed to Xbox Music, then three months ago Xbox Music was renamed to Groove. I thought Groove was just the latest name for Zune Music, since Microsoft renames every product except for Windows and Office every other release. 
Zune wasn't that bad
...but I still have a free month of service I haven't used...
[Family Guy said it best](https://youtu.be/gW6u0PP7vro)
I wonder what Sheldon has to say about this!
Microsoft should release an iOS app for Zune service. 
[Whoa](http://i.imgur.com/Msvxg3e.png)
Mission, complete
My Zune HD remains the best, most reliable MP3 player I've ever owned, and if it ever breaks I will immediately buy a second from ebay.
lol i bought my sister a Zune from circuit city for christmas several years ago. better her than me, that thing was a turd. 
And nothing of value was lost.
Sweet, now go ahead and pull the plug on Bing while you're at it.
Is Xbox music dying too?  I'm still paying monthly for unlimited access to music that I listen to through Zune on my PC.  My understanding was that it was just rebranded Xbox music, and I just was able to use my Zune client.  
The USA Freedom Act? Never mind the fact that the actual legislation is shit, they're not even trying with the names of these things.

The Liberty and Justice Act. The Democracy Act. The Land of the Free and Home of the Brave Act. The American Eagle Act.

All the different ways of saying the same thing: it's a fucking act.
Pretty sure they're going to be spying on you regardless.
Documentaries

* [Do Not Track](https://donottrack-doc.com/)
* [Terms and Conditions May Apply](http://tacma.net/)
* [CITIZENFOUR](https://citizenfourfilm.com/) and [Terminal F](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nd6qN167wKo)
* [Peter Vlemmix - PANOPTICON](http://panopticondefilm.nl/)
* [Killswitch: The Battle to Control the Internet](http://killswitchthefilm.com/)
* [Zero days - Security leaks for sale (VPRO Backlight)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4BTTiWkdT8Q)
* [Deep Web](http://www.deepwebthemovie.com/)
* [The Internet's Own Boy: The Story of Aaron Swartz](https://archive.org/details/TheInternetsOwnBoyTheStoryOfAaronSwartz)
* [War for the Web](http://warfortheweb.com/) (To Be released)
* [A good American](http://agoodamerican.org/) The Story of Bill Binney and a program named ThinThread (To Be released)
* [Code 2600](http://code2600.com/)
* [Free the Network: Hackers Take Back the Web (Motherboard/Vice)](http://motherboard.vice.com/read/motherboard-tv-free-the-network)

On TV

* [Last Week Tonight with John Oliver: Government Surveillance (HBO)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XEVlyP4_11M)
* [The Data Brokers: Selling your personal information (CBS)](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/data-brokers-selling-personal-information-60-minutes/)
* [Inside the Dark Web (BBC)](http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/b04grp09)
* [United States of Secrets (PBS)](http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/united-states-of-secrets/)
* [Panorama, Edward Snowden: Spies and the Law (S63E37) (BBC One)](http://www.bbc.co.uk/iplayer/episode/b06h7j3b/panorama-edward-snowden-spies-and-the-law)
* [In Google We Trust (ABC)](http://www.abc.net.au/4corners/stories/2013/09/09/3842009.htm)

Articles

* [NSA Files decoded: what the revelations  mean for you by The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/interactive/2013/nov/01/snowden-nsa-files-surveillance-revelations-decoded)
* [Meet Thomas Drake](http://static.ajplus.net/drake/)  an AJ+’s interactive documentary project about whistleblower Thomas Drake
* [The power of privacy by The Guardian and Sponsored by Silent Circle](http://www.theguardian.com/media-network/ng-interactive/2015/sep/29/the-power-of-privacy-video-series)
Even when the NSA had legal right to do this, they had a secret court that rubber stamped anything they wanted to do, with basically zero discretion. Then the head of the NSA is called before Congress and straight up lies to their only superiors about their activity. They actually had legal warrants to do so, but lied, because they knew the secret courts were breaking the Constitution. We can't win if this organization continues to exist. They believe they are above the law.
In the 90s, my Grandma used to say that the gov't was spying on us through our phones, computers and tvs. 

We used to laugh and tell her she was wacky. She was right. 
No one is surprised.
The data center that they just built here in Utah is rumored to be designed to hold a Yottabytes worth of information. YOTTABYTES of information is an unimaginable amount of data. [ just to give you an idea](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sReePJ5DelE)

The fact that this center is a stones throw away from IM Falsh headquarters probably won't really hurt their access to cutting edge Solid State storage technology. 

The NSA is planning on storing pretty much everything, anyone ever does online. 
The military industrial complex is like a second government with no accountability.

These baby-steps with the NSA will open the door to more investigations and draw these people out into the light.

Rome wasn't built in a day, and it wasn't conquered in a day either.
Maybe this is defeatist, but I just assume this is the way it is now. I don't know anything I can do, or anything anyone can do to stop this. 
And if I am not mistaken, this was actually cleared through Congress. Sooooo ... *shrug*
Man the comments in here are depressing. 5 hours in and 70 comments total. Most of which are saying how much of surprise this is not and that no one cares.  

WHAT THE FUCK - THIS ISN'T GOOD FOR ANYONE
Well, I just have to say--for the record--that the NSA is the finest, most dedicated group of patriotic, hard-working young people this great country has ever produced, and I thank God every day that they are there, on the front lines, protecting me and my family from the forces of darkness.

Now, my next-door neighbor, Fred--the one who never rakes his leaves and lets them blow all over the neighborhood--well, I heard Fred say that the NSA is a bunch of no-good jerks. That's Fred Jenkins in the white ranch.
The one with all the leaves.
Here's the sad, pitiful, truth: The NSA is the *military* you can't stop it. 

3 branches to government: Executive, Legislative, Judicial

*and the 4th branch*

**the military** 

I hate sounding like a conspiracy theorist by saying this. 
The NSA should be splintered into a thousand pieces and scattered to the winds.
The "Freedom Act" isn't designed for "us"... It's designed for "them".
Fuck me. Do you Guys ever make Laws without "Freedom" plastered all over them?
And?

No matter what you do, they are ALWAYS going to continue on with this. They didn't give a fuck that it was against the law before, why would they now?
That was the whole point of the USA Freedom Act: to look like Congress was Doing Something without actually doing anything.

Plus, the added bonus of people thinking the issue has been resolved. "But didn't we get rid of all that spying with that one Freedom Law or whatever?"
yep - all they will do is rename the projects, retitle the staff positions - and it will be business as usual
"4th amendment? Too long, didn't read it. "
They give it a patriotic sounding name to make it seem they're doing good, but they're not
What do people think spies do?
Who's actually "surprised"?
It is not a surprise.   

Unless of course you are one of the ignorant masses that votes for a party and hates all those who think differently than you. For those people it is a surprise every fucking day when the government does not work out the way they were told it was going to.
Guess what?? It never ends!!
I'm glad, I feel so lonely!
Are we just going to let OP post a Gawker site and get away with it shame-free?
Wow I'm so appalled how could the government lie to us about spying!1?
I think the government and NSA should have these special liberties to keep up safe from foreign invaders, I often worry about the safety of my family and it makes me feel secure knowing the NSA has our backs watching over us. :) 
Wow, a whole article devoted to the fact that Section 702 authorizes a covert signals intelligence agency to surveil foreign people on foreign soil. What a surprise!

(...in this little place we call reality, it would be a scandal if they *weren't* doing this...)
C'mon NSA-bros, ease up on that power-trip just a little, would ya? At least for us who are obviously chill.. 

Also, just because you 'can' doesn't mean you 'should', y'know?

I'm gonna close my eyes and count to ten.. and when I'm done, I want you to stop tracking your fellow bro's shit, a'ight?

Coo.

  #SameTeamBro!
I'm sorry, but... meh. 

The first time any of this crap is used to do something outwardly nefarious to an American for benign infractions is the day these programs would die so fast you could hear their doors close... and why I generally do not fear them. 

I'll take my downvotes. No one usually likes this response... 
We can be sure of one thing, the worst is yet to come.
[deleted]
Surprise.... No one cares

The internet is literally you logging onto strangers computers and giving them your information, there isn't a single private thing about that.

Text messages are you passing notes through a third party...again nothing private about that.

Who you call and when you call them has been used by law enforcement since the inception of phones...


No one cares that the government has a stockpile of this information that is so vast no one could ever read it all.


We just don't care about the gloom and doom
Why would anyone trust something called "USA Freedom Act" to do something useful?
yaaaay still not surprised haha lil bastards
This is my surprised face --&gt; :/
Oh you guys thought it's done?
 I still can't understand why people keep trying to bother with this  you're never ever going to get rid of the laws and even if you somehow managed to get rid of them on the books you still are not going to trust that they quit doing what they were doing. The NSA needs to dissolve that's the only solution anything else is a complete waste of time.
So, if it doesn't stop terrorism, then what does it do?

Is it used to gauge the sentiment of a population? To counter any serious uprisings? Blackmail of politicians? 
Luckily Tor and PGP are still working beautifully.

**EDIT** Seriously take all of your efforts and use them to power technology like Tor. Install Tor so it runs in the background all the time.
The only difference the USA Freedom Act makes in who is actually collecting the data.  It will no longer be the NSA collecting the data; it will be the telecom carriers.  The NSA will have access to the data through secret FISA warrants.
Didn't it just privatize the data collection?
Still waiting on the surprise...
I pity the guy who has to review my life, what a boring fing job.
Wow I remember getting really interested in opposing this bill and then I heard nothing so I kind of forgot about it.  They did a really good job at flying this under the radar.
Ahhhh! You got me.. Not...
USA "Freedom" Act, the world is not light on brutal irony
This isn't a surprise. Why would they give up power. Remember Paris where technology was blamed for the deaths? Those two damn near used cans tied together and they still blamed encrypting. Now it's been pushed under the rug, and we've forgotten. They didn't forget. Seriously read the Traveller. That book changed my life. 
Way to give credit for the image you used there.

Although, I am pretty sure the title image is a copycat Banksy.
No fucking shit.
I think the NSA is like a rodeo clown.

"Look at me! Look at me! I'm spying on you in this not very offensive way! Don't look over there! Look at me! I look at your emails to your grandma!"




See, after watching the show Person of Interest, I think if its in the right hands, surveillance programs can actually be beneficial. Now given our governments track record with being corrupt as shit, I wouldn't trust them a second with my information or what they do with it.
This doesn't surprise me its the NSA it does not matter what they will get any info they want on anyone in the world.
I'm pretty sure we will be spied on no matter what laws are in place
I'm not surprised at all that spies didn't want to give up an extremely powerful spying tool
They could have also either renamed the one they cut, or contracted it out to our allies.  "The brits are doing it?  Nothin we can do about that?  Besides they share all the info."
Of course it did, it was called the USA Freedom Act. Anyone who didn't immediately see through that hasn't been paying attention.
The only privacy you can rely on is privacy you enforce yourself.

Only not really because your motherboard is probably backdoored.
Please, American government. Stop. Give it a rest. I know you're not the only country to be doing this, but you're doing it by far the most. Stop being dicks. Just stop.
Fuckin' got ya!
We did it America! 
The U.S. government has been caught illegally spying on it's citizens already, therefore you should assume they will continue to do so, regardless of any legislation they come up with. Why should they stop if there's literally no consequence?
...just a bunch of committed Peeping Toms.
Not surprised at all and it should be fixed, another larger thing most people don't see is that corporations are watching you much closer. The good news is for the most part you are just a database entry that no person generally looks at. 
Once the feature is built, it's there to stay. 
Imagine how pissed off non-Americans are about the fact that some foreign cunt government agency is hovering up their calls, texts, data, even if they aren't physically in the U.S.

Fucking sick puppy needs to be put down.
The article stated the NSA "spied on" about 0.0002% of American citizens with its email program. Are the numbers known for the various other programs especially PRISM?
To play devils advocate the Freedom Act ended the collection of data that never proved useful. While other internet based programs have ended around 50 "terrorist plots".(This is disputed due to all publicly released examples of these being shown to be possible to stop without these programs. However it is unlikely all of them would have been possible without the NSA's spying.) It as well had uncovered information about Iran's nuclear program, various terrorist communications, and a text containing advice and instructions created and used by hackers to be more effective. While morally the programs they have are terrible they have shown effective, the Freedom Act removed the ineffective and morally objectionable parts. 

Edit: My personal opinion would be that the program is necessary but should require oversight from both legislative and judicial branches(in addition to a FISA court). In addition the burden of proof required for PRISM to access actual data(Non-metadata) is significant purpose towards an investigation and this should be returned the previously used primary purpose.
Have you seen the Bourne movies? They simply make more, and then make it more invasive, is what I imagine happens.
Well I promised I'd stop smoking weed if they stopped spying on me. I didn't really stop smoking weed either. 
"Surpruse."  Right.
While already not a surprise this has been a known fact since The Freedom Act was passed.
Who watches the watchmen...
Really? I'd have never guessed.... it doesn't fucking matter what they do.... it's not gonna change anything. 
https://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/380vmw/no_deal_nsa_domestic_surveillance_program_will/crrjn7b
no shit.  not surprised at all that it took gizmodo this long to figure that out
The BIG development the government waved in front of the public's eyes was "WE WILL NO LONGER DO BULK PHONE TRACING!!! EVERYTHING IS OK!", well what about tracing traffic on the internet which is infinitely more robust for tracking persons and their whereabouts online? Ah, that's right, they never mentioned that.
Obama!!!!!

You were the chosen one! You were supposed to bring balance to the law, not leave it in my gonzoporn!
gee if I hide under my bed and unplug my internet, will I be safe?
I'm so shocked, said no one ever.
No surprise there. Matter of fact the only surprise is that they "nipped one program".
It's like being a circumcised man in a crowd full of uncircumcised men...
George Ezra - Coat of Armour.
To me She is the united states government.

She let us all down.
What's funny is seeing how bent out of shape people get about this stuff.
Didn't the freedom act just legalize some of the programs? 
Are they basically trying to wear people out with all this bullshit so they just get too tired to bother fighting their crap? Hope that doesn't happen.
Not really surprising.  At this point you can't really trust the government, they're basically a runaway criminal organization with their own agenda.  Of course they're still performing said agenda.
Whuuuuuut?

Did NOT see that one coming!

AMAZE!
Anyone that thought we the government wasnt watching us like hawks was a fool. Its always been the case, why are so many people seemingoy surprised by it?
Who cares if they're spying on us, aslong as it is used to protect the citizens? This is a new form of policing in our new modern day cyber world.
There needs to be a sub for tech and politics 

Not saying this isn't tech or important but I feel r/tech has too much political news that get in the way of other stories
Cool. Hope they dont find out what food I fed my cats or what I ate for dinner last night. No one cares and if your reading this your not important enough to spy on. 
How am I completely not surprised 
Who fucking cares? I've never had the NSA come to my door and tell me to change my life.
Not a surprise. Everyone started wanking when "change" was going to happen and "they were going to stop," ...and the non-idiots among us said "sure, ok, of course you'll stop" and knew that nothing would change and shit would continue on just as it had.
And they always will. Get over it, Snowden.
It's hard to tell who the terrorist are.

Is it the people blowing up 10-15 people at a time, or is it the US Government killing all of democracy?


What a surprise.
Not surprised at all.
-- Comment that feigns outrage for up votes by apathetic redditor --
When I first quickly scanned this post's title I thought "NASA still spying...you space dicks." 

and since we in r/tech.. you know all that telemetry you share with microsoft, where they aint going to do anything evil, just service you with better ads? using things like your search histories?

Everything you share with a third party, is fair game for the government WITHOUT A WARRANT... because supposedly you have zero expectation of privacy... except lawyer and medical, which we had to make laws to give you privacy for.


we need a privacy bill of rights.

Obviously if I tell a friend I am going to kill someone, they should be allowed to tell the cops, with no warrants or judges needed.

but thats a direct and obvious loss of privacy. I specifically told someone, specific info.

but my google searches and porn habits are a bit different.. i'm not trying to specifically tell anyone. Actually i go through lengths to hide some of it, because kids use my computer, so i have different user names and the computer to go to sleep in short periods so that people dont use my browser and and through autocomplete see i search out patio furniture porn.... it kinda seems to me, like i have a big expectation of privacy and go through great lengths to maintain.. but the government says nope.. i shared with MS and google and pornhub, so it is all fair game. I'm fairly sure our founding fathers would disagree with that interpretation of the 5th. of course they never envisioned a google and ms but i would think they would say "well that idea kinda breaks this whole bill of rights we are trying to create"


we shouldnt need laws for privacy with lawyers and doctors... we should need laws that say "you DONT have privacy here, here and here" that nagging 9th that has been completely ignored since the begining of this country, was supposed to cover this. Government powers are supposed to be enumberated.. spelled out in detail.... our rights are supposed to be the defaults. We are supposed to have a default expectation of privacy.. the government has to specifically describe when we dont. But they do it the other way arround, the government reads new powers in laws, or assumes it default has a power unless told it doesnt. Thats the anti 9th. Its the 9th with a sinister mustache and beard.

Last I know this is long, but even if we got the 9th back, the supreme court has stated that the government is allowed to break the law, as long as we dont know about it. They have ruled in a spying case that unless the guy could prove some of his spying allegations he couldnt demand the data from the government. Much like cops often use illegal means to find a crime, like infrared or illegal cell caputure, and then use legal means to build the case.




&gt;Surprise!

... was no one, ever.
Yeah if you believe the NSA is accountable to anyone guess again. It is literally an institution of secrets and lies. Of course they are still collecting your data.
So why can't we stop this? ?? Wtf. Who can kill this
Does anyone really believe they stopped?

I mean if they didn't stop, that means they broke the law and lied, and everyone knows the government doesn't lie or break the law.
https://media3.giphy.com/media/GPLbphxLxL3iw/giphy.gif
The real surprise is if they ever stopped spying on you. 
Surprise! I still have plenty more dick pics for them to see!
Surprise! The whole damn thing is under a secret court blanket to begin with. The NSA literally does not answer to the law to begin with. *That is a problem. The NSA is not a legitimate organization with any reason to exist until that issue has been resolved.*
Surprise? 
It's called spying because you're not supposed to know it's happening.

Go ahead and get all those other "programs", they'll create more and use them until you find them, too. It's not like anyone is literally lynching people so why would they care?

Getting caught means nothing when you no one can physically stop you anyway.
Maybe I'm an idiot, but I'll start to care about the  NSA's spying when law enforcement starts arresting people for things they said in a text, or Google searched. Except maybe it'll be too late at that point...
99% of people aren't interesting enough to be spied on
I almost feel bad for the people that work there in like a secretary capacity.

Jim, Chris, Shelly, you're all moving across the street to PRISMlite.

Maggie, you were a great secretary. Don't list me as a reference or you'll be executed for treason.
I always wanted a big brother!
It wouldn't be so bad if they could help me out once in a while. Sometimes I lose a file and i'm sure they have a backup. Do they sense my angst and restore it for me? Do they f*ck! 
I'd like to know how this is at all a surprise.
So is my cell phone company and my internet provider. My search engine is too so it can improve my ad experience. My bank spies on my bank account as well to check for suspicious activity. 
what a 'surprise'!
Lol, it's funny that people think their important enough to be spied on in the first place secondly, like who just flat out believes every rumor they hear? 
Anyonr have some tin foil? I forgot my hat.
ummm... no shit?  like anyone fucking trusted the NSA and their enablers to relinquish power?
Why would I still care though ?

Unless someone can give me a decent answer, they can spy on me all they want.

"Sir, that one kid from that small european country just called his girlfriend to ask when she will be home. Should we do something?"

"Prepare the tanks"
Who would've guessed? 
Annnd I should be surprised because... Of what?
Why is this a surprise to anyone? They announced the next day they were basically going to keep doing all the shit the USA Freedom Act was intended to stop, just under a different program name.
And is anyone surprised? no.
I'm not surprised, after all we are nazi 2.0
If you actually care about this, you need to get your priorities straight.
My life has been fine for the past 34 years with them spying on me. Go on I have nothing to hide.
Great, no one besides reddit cared before and no one I know cares now.  Spy on me all they want.
Good.  Let em keep spying.  I have nothing to hide.
/r/NoShitSherlock 

/r/wellduh

/r/didntseethatcoming
NO WAY THE GOVERNMENT IS SPYING ON ME? WELL THIS IS PROBABLY THE FIRST TIME IN FOREVER THAT PEOPLE THAT WERE ABOVE OTHER PEOPLE SPIED ON OTHER PEOPLE I AM SO SPECIAL THAT I AM THE ONE BEING SPIED ON
This is an awesome post !!!
News flash water is wet 
Wow, the US government can't be trusted to do what they say? "All men are created equal," definitely, immediately ended the practice of owning people. 
Right at the time where most voice communication is made over IP, is when they really don't care about collecting traditional phone records. Which, to be fair, they're still going to do via one loophole or another.
I don't know why this is is always being brought up. Governments spy on the people who live in their country, that's just how it has always been done and that will never change. Even if we pass a law that says they can't, they still will. 
Hi NSA. Want to watch me fap to dickgirls? 
What are they going to do? Look at my extensive porn collection?
Given how hard the law was mangled to set this up, I'm not surprised that the legal system isn't fixing it either. I hate to say it, but these are the standard for most first world countries. I'm afraid they're hear to stay, and I don't know what we can really do about it.
Guess I'll just have to go back to jerkin' it all the time.
Surprise?
We need Bernie!
"Not a Surprise" 

-Me
I really, really don't see the issue here.
They're a spying organization, what exactly do you folks expect?
Oh no! How could the government lie to us? 😱
Who cares if they're spying on me idgaf
TBH I wouldn't worry too much about it guys. We have the most well armed populace in the developed world. If the government ever overstepped it's bounds, Fox news would inform the people, and they would totally incite an uprising or something.
Why do you even care so much that the NSA is spying on you. Trust me, nobody cares about anything you choose to do online. But muh muh freedums
I just go on blackpeopletwitter and have a laugh.. I text my buddies every now and then and make some calls sometimes. This will not affect my everyday living at all... That is all I have time to concern myself with. 
Luckily im not hiding anything and they don't care about me.
would be cool if someone could condition reddit users to not be surprised and accept the blanket surveillance
I'm quite fine being "spied" on.  In the digital age, everyone is collecting massive amounts of data from you, not just the government.  I'm okay with it as long as they're being transparent about it and they don't specifically look at individual data without permission.  So it's fine if they collect my data and aggregate it with everyone else's and monitor it for suspicious activity.  But if they want to specifically look at my data, like my emails, etc. they can't do so without a warrant of some sort.  I'm fine with that.  It's no different than a security camera.  It's just more technologically advanced and has the potential to be abused.

The NSA just needed to be more transparent from the start.  Although, if it had been, it probably would've been met with as much controversy and probably wouldn't be as sophisticated as it is now.  So, when it comes to technology, sometimes it's best not to get permission and deal with the consequences later, just as every technology company nowadays does.  We also need rules and laws in place to make sure the system is abused.  These rules naturally take time.  Hopefully not too many rough patches ahead with the NSA.
Who cares why do you think you are important why do I u think you matter you are irrelevant and completely innocuous I know that is hard to reconcile.
Cool. I don't really care. I'm not looking at anything that I don't really think other people look at anyways so I couldn't give a fuck if the NSA was watching me too.
is this news?
suprise!  nothing will be done by anyone.
Do you really think that they are letting this go despite any law? You know we still have nuclear weapons right?
No matter what passes, we will forever be spied on.
There seems to be nothing I can do about this.
who and how can check and prove?   Gov't and people should take NSA on it's word, however make a provision that if they caught again, everyone will be charged with felony and top heads would be charged with treason.  (then wait for another snowden)
I don't care.  They can have my dick pix.  Maybe someone will finally appreciate them.  IM LOOKING AT YOU SARAH
**Hack the NSA and expose their secrets!**
Serious replies only.  So, am I a naif because I believe that when I use Tor to access Reddit, this will protect me from the ability of one to spy on me?  
[deleted]
I dont get it, do you want a bataclan in your country? 
Who cares?
I guess we should just put all of those people out of work. And we should put national security in jeopardy. If you're not doing anything, why does it even matter? 
If you're still worried about THIS hype drummed up by the media to create a hero out of a traitor?  

Then you're more blind and foolish than you know.  This is utterly irrelevant to everyday, Joe-citizen.


You want privacy invasion and insane data collection, look right here at Reddit, look at how you're marketed too, and look at the fucking idiotic "free" games you're playing on your mobile device!  This is dangerous data collection.  Not some automated listening hyped for ratings in the interest of making a buck.
devils advocate: do we have any examples of people whose lives have been ruined or impacted in a negative way because of the nsa spying on them

like, is there a documented example of the nsa taking information about an american citizen and using it to prevent said citizen from getting a job or buying a house or anything like that

or is everyone up in arms about this topic just a little too tightly tin-foil hatted

edit: nice downvotes without a legitimate counterargument. never change, reddit.
I don't think anyone was surprised by that.
Surprise? Who's surprised? 
News flash sky is blue
...No duh?
The worst part is when politicians use this tragedy to push encryption backdoors.  As soon as such a law becomes active and known to terrorists, they can just make their own backdoor-free implementation. And at that point banks will suddenly become vulnerable while bad guys are still secretive. 

Edit: a word
I listen to NPR on my drive and generally respect them. Yesterday a reporter asked a question along the lines of "I understand encryption was used leading up to these attacks?"

I lost some respect.

I feel that's equivalent to "I understand they locked their doors prior to these attacks?" With the implicit, "Shouldn't we make locked doors illegal? Or, at least give governments keys to unlock any door?"
NEWSFLASH: The terrorists used words and ideas to coordinate their attacks. The government will be issuing a list of words and phrases that are now *crimethink* and punishable as felonies. 
[deleted]
Every cell phone that exists transmits an encrypted signal. You're all terrorists!
With all the efforts our governments are making to intrude on **everyone's** privacy, what makes you think they are even using electronic devices?  At this point they have probably gone old school with dead drops, coded messages in the classifieds, etc.

Just another excuse to intrude on our lives.  Hell, they were even told about these terrorists directly, and did nothing about them.  How is infringing on our privacy going to correct that?
&gt;“’The most difficult communication between these terrorists is via PlayStation 4,’ the minister said, three days before the terrorist attacks in Paris. ‘It’s very, very difficult for our services — not only Belgian services but international services — to decrypt the communication that is done via PlayStation 4.'”

What? Why would it be more difficult to decrypt playstation communication than encrypted information sent over a regular pc?

edit:
okay the next paragraph tries to explain it away with difficulties monitoring in game voice chat and strange communication methods that are difficult to spy on, like shooting walls. But you can still do those things on pc just the same? I dont understand the point at all.
I've been watching CNBC all day at work (I don't have a choice unfortunately) the keep harping on the encryption angle, non fucking stop, the mainstream media is trying **really** hard to make encryption the bad guy here. 
They did? You mean [this](http://www.nytimes.com/2015/11/17/world/europe/encrypted-messaging-apps-face-new-scrutiny-over-possible-role-in-paris-attacks.html) article that's sitting in the technology section?
Oh, the thing that protects my credit card number led to the attacks? I'm so sorry!
Bad people are going to communicate and plot bad things.  It should not be our government's business to try an control or listen into every communication they have.  If we accept that we should, the next logical step would be controlling their thoughts in an Orwellian type of society.  

I think it would be more productive to consider what causes terrorists to feel the way they do.  If people in a country believe big businesses, oil companies, have co-opted their government leaving them in poverty and under martial law, then maybe we should focus on what it is our businesses are doing abroad and *their* corporate thoughts and policies.  It's as if we let profiteers run amok abroad, and then we have to deal with the consequences when the people adversely affected decide to seek revenge through terrorism.
This is why we need the 00 program. There is a whole movie about this. 
“Documents leaked by Edward Snowden in 2013 revealed that the NSA and CIA actually embedded themselves in games like World of Warcraft to infiltrate virtual terrorist meet-ups,” the Forbes piece added.

I'm picturing somebody in the NSA thinking 'How can I get paid to play WOW?'
If these guys use two cans tied together with a string for communications are we going to close down Campbell's?
I love the New York Times.  They have some of the best op-ed writers (Krugman!), best interest pieces, and are behind more big stories than everyone else.  That said, I do always have to watch out for what they say in stories like this.  Time and again the New York Times has shown they are willing and able to support the current administration's false narrative, from helping launch the Iraq war to everything they've had to say about hacking and encryption.  There isn't really any news source that is free from bias or motive, so you should always read multiple sources and discern the truth for yourself.
The really dangerous thing is that these attacks were carried forward by using a ubiquitous system that permeates most countries in the world.  I really think we need to look at evaluating whether we should keep this system running or require harsh intervention to monitor every person who uses these systems.  They are all interconnected, so I recommend a cross-national policy to limit access and impose monitoring at every step on them.  

We cannot have paved roadways used freely!
They could have been using encryption. Or they could have been using PS4s. Or they could have been using messenger pigeons. 

Better start watching the old lady feeding the birds at the park. She might be passing communiques for the bad guys. 
Anyone blaming encryption does not understand the problem at hand.  Nor do they have a grasp on what encryption, surveillance, and privacy are in a digital world. 
Encryption is protected by the First Amendment and the Fourth Amendment.  The government has no right to read any private communications without a warrant.  The government has no right to ban encrypted communications.  Encryption is impossible to prevent.  Even if the government built back doors to encryption on certain devices, terrorists could still use their own encryption methods on these devices with back doors.  Those back doors are only going to hurt regular people by making their devices easier to hack and exposing them to violations of privacy by the government.
Hmm, who should we blame this on?

☐ Islam

☐ Radical Islam

☑ Literally Anything Else
This is very, very dark.
"HOLY SHIT OUR GOVERNMENTS LITERALLY DON'T KNOW WHAT THEY'RE DOING"...

was my take-away.
I really liked [this article](http://www.theverge.com/2015/11/16/9746216/playstation-terrorism-surveillance-privacy-concerns) on The Verge comparing it to indoor flushing toilets: they're responsible for letting criminals get rid of evidence in thousands of cases, yet no-one is arguing for a return to buckets and outhouses, because the advantages outweigh the disadvantages.
I get a little angry every time I read a headline that uses the word "quietly."
[deleted]
That they did, as if they had real journalistic integrity to begin with
One thing we are forgetting is that some 'experts' in technology and cybersecurity are pressured and/or straight up bribed by the surveillance machine.  
* "Questions about how the terrorists behind Friday’s attacks in Paris managed to evade electronic surveillance have fueled worrisome speculation..."

The first sentence in the article.  I have an answer to that speculation: maybe they didn't communicate with electronics.  If I was a terrorist coordinating with other terrorists, I could cheaply and easily send them *letters* in *envelopes* telling them what to do.  I could use a courier like DHL or FedEx.  I could send it in the national mail service.  Address it to Abdul Mehmet Mohammed?  Fuck no, Bob Smith.  Wanna make sure it gets through without being intercepted?  Just print, "You're Pre-Approved!!" on the envelope.  I can't fucking stop getting that shit.

I mean, honestly, if I was a terrorist planning attacks, I wouldn't go within fifty feet of a fucking electronic device.  And anyone who thinks outlawing encryption will stop terrorist attacks is a fucking *RETARD* (looking at you, every Republican ever).
How the hell can you "quietly" pull text out of something? Not once have I seen somewhere announcing, "We are removing some text on the site guys, just announcing this".
Well, what about the rest of the bullshit that's in that paper?
It's almost like people don't understand that encryption has been around for hundreds of years.  It's not like terrorists saw the Snowden deal go down and suddenly thought, "Whoa.  Yannow what guise?  We should TOTALLY make our communication supar sekrit!"

It doesn't matter that the NYT pulled the article, the propaganda has already been digested.  Retractions are a horrible way of stopping misinformation.  The lie spreads and people hear what they want to hear.  This is used in politics all the time to smear candidates.  Come up with a bullshit story with just enough credibility to avoid a lawsuit and shovel that shit out on the net and in the papers.  Months and years after you are forced to retract it, people will still be circulating it as if it were certifiable truth.  

Even if agencies such as the NSA got what they wanted, it would do nothing.  Like I said, encryption has existed before the internet and telephone were things.  If electronic communication were 100% compromised then how are you going to stop them from resorting to low tech options?  A lot of these plans are made face to face.

In exchange for handing the ability to monitor and *control* all electronic information over to agencies with little to no oversight, we get...  What?  The security benefits we've been given as people are debatable at best.
One of the biggest news source in the world, which has the need for encryption when handling sensitive or classified information from confidential sources, doesn't understand the importance of encryption? Strange.. 
Dude, American media and "journalism" is complete shit.  The networks don't care about actual news, and their talking heads care even less... they're just characters working to receive a fat paycheck for pushing their network's agendas.  They prefer ratings, not awareness.
First they gain reputation for their biased garbage, now this.
I love how the generation(s) that grew up without television, much less internet, in their homes are trying to tell me that encryption is to blame for terrorism.
"Those who give up their liberty for more security neither deserve liberty nor security.”

Just because a tragedy occurs doesn't mean we should even thinking about something like this. My idea always comes to this.. One mans tool is another mans weapon of mass destruction. Let's say we allocate the government resources for example to be able to sniff HTTPS traffic, what's to say that someone with malicious intent gets their hand on this... the internet is now broken. 
More of the question here is how these 'terrorists' created a cyber attack that blocked all surveillance 48 hours prior. Match that with your emergency services drill and you have another signature false flag created by flipping a planned drill live. 'We didn't know which hijacked airplanes were real world or exercise'
Good. Because it was bullshit.
Wow it was the NY Times that wrote that? Shit are there no trustworthy papers anymore?
It's FAR, FAR too convenient that there has been a world-wide assault on encryption from every government, and then something like this happens despite massive dragnet surveillance in place, and then they all start using this as en excuse for why they need more surveillance capabilities. It *almost* makes the attacks feel like a planned, deliberate attempt to secure more authoritarian control..
This is likely to be an unpopular comment, but encryption was mentioned in one paragraph of a much larger article and was basically incidental to the piece. It is a detail worth reporting, and it certainly did not 'blame encryption for the Paris attack'.
I really hope silicon valley hits back hard against this ridiculous ban encryption meme. What a joke. 
&gt;Though the White House backed away from that position earlier this fall, Robert Litt, a lawyer in the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, wrote in an August email obtained by the Washington Post that the pro-encryption tide “could turn in the event of a terrorist attack or criminal event where strong encryption can be shown to have hindered law enforcement.”

Translates as: what we need is another big terrorist attack to justify our sweeping and unprecedented surveillance powers.

An omnipotent military and intelligence apparatus is not the best way to be safe.  The best way to be safe is to make peace.  We (the West, though I'm American) have been in the Mid East since at least '53, and history does not show our intentions to be honorable.  Time to end the war, and make amends.
Does it drive anyone else crazy when things are described as being done "quietly"? 
SEE!  consoles are bad, mmmkay?  PC RULZ!
The article did not "blame" encryption. It simply addressed the fact that top security officials are mentioning encryption as a possible aid for the terrorists.
I blame whispering and muttering really quietly, myself.  If everyone would just SPEAK LOUD ENOUGH FOR EVERYONE TO HEAR, we'd be able to intervene early.
i despise how they frame the conversation as "the good guys don't have a way to read the bad guys message isn't that nuts?  this tech called encryption is to blame." the crazy conversations to follow will begin with this narrative.
So if they want to make encryption illegal, does that mean whispering and private letters should be illegal as well?
Why is it media outlets almost always seem to push the same agenda as governments? 
CNN was saying something similar this morning about how if people didn't have the ability to encrypt, then the attacks would have been stopped. 
I don't understand. I have always assumed that all internal communications amongst terror groups are encrypted. Is this supposed to be a surprise or something? Like they've just discovered it? The whole thing really makes no sense. I would hope that all intelligence efforts are done assuming encrypted communication all the time. Only the occasional slip-up or emergency phone call should be getting through to electronic surveillance.
Nice, Streisand effect.
Not quiet anymore.  Nice try NYT
Interesting bits in there about these guys using PS4 games to communicate. Also how the CIA embedded agents inside World of Warcraft to monitor in-game terrorist meet ups. 

spelling words in-game with dropped items, shooting the walls to spell words. 

Fascinating evolution going on right now with how the internet is effecting the way society works. 
people will always find a way around surveillance.  There is no reason to have an individual give up their privacies in the name of security.  I think there are many other techniques that could be explored further instead of telling everyone to give up their privacy.  it just feels very lazy.
That headline made me throwup
&gt;a direct result, they argue, of Internet service providers refusing to work with authorities on a “back door” for agencies to surveil encrypted communications.

What? What does that even mean? ISPs cannot decrypt data anymore than more the NSA.
Glad we traded away our privacy so the government can NOT read what the terrorists are communicating with eachother. /s
They government should encrypt NYT so no one has to read it 
NBC nightly news had a story just last night saying almost the same shit. I wanted to punch Lester Holt in the face. 

It's funny how all these encryption knocking stories are all churning at once. How much do you want to bet some anti privacy legislation is coming after everyone's all buttered up with the fear mongering?
Some explain why they're complaining that terrorists used HTTPS and send emails using SSL? Da fuq?
on three different news channels last night, they said that Sony Playstation is hard to listen to in real time, and that SnapChat is also to blame for the NSA's inability to follow things. I was so ruffled that the news is trying to blame .. like, we need to stop having the Internet, or stop having Video Games, or Stop having social media. How about we stop tapping the phones because, you know, they don't seem to really work?
When will people learn that everything can be used in both a good or bad way? Just because there is a chance of something being used for bad does not mean we should cripple the good uses for it. Don't give up your civil liberties because of fear!
"Hurr durr without encryption we totally would have got em hurr durr"
Interesting. My fave talk show, Stephanie Miller, instantly quoted this and blamed Private Manning. 
Maybe they didn't pull it but just encrypted it?
Encryption techniques have been used as far back as 800AD with public key cryptography being used since 1970's and onwards (Thank you, Whitfield Diffie and Martin Hellman!). Encryption is NOT to blame in these attacks.

The amount of sheer idiocy that some people are spreading because "encryption is scary!" is absolutely astounding.
The web remembers...
[[Correct me if I'm wrong here]]  BBC world service, that *sometimes* does not show so obviously how they are aligned, is broadcasting George Osborne's propaganda on this. Luckily at least once the broadcasters pointed out the flaw in this thinking. However, every time Mr Osborne's propaganda they should mention the flaw each time, just like they seem to do when they broadcast Russian propaganda. Once every 6 hours is not sufficient if they are broadcasting propaganda every hour. 

When they had a rabidly anti-Snowden guy on [that blamed the recent terrorist attacks on Snowden's revelation of the fact that Snowden revealed an outline of what electronic spying covers] they luckily they had Glenn Greenwald to correct the BS and even let him have the last word on it. 

It is quite silly that England thinks that they can just change a law or two in order to make all terrorist communication easy to read and detect. Encryption exists and there's nothing you can do about it; besides, correct me if I'm wrong here, controlling the manufacture of computer hardware that allow inbuilt "backdoors"--that's another reason why some of these trade agreements are dangerous. I hope there will always be hardware makers that refuse to allow this to pervade their products.
a segment is coming up on the news

"*likely* used encryption"
Of course they used encryption technology, I'm sure they bought something off the Web. 
Can we all stop pretending that the NYT is anything besides a mouthpiece for the NSA?

Journalism is dead. 
You should have seen msnbc pushing that agenda earlier today. They had some guest speaker on and every question they asked had a subtext of "encryption is bad and caused the Paris attacks and you should be afraid of it". Despite the guest calmly shooting down every agenda driven question they had, they just kept asking 4 or 5 questions meant to scare. Didn't ask him anything else and all he did was try and defend encryption. And then they of course get the last word and they try to do that "plant the seed of doubt" bullshit. 
The tired and poxed gray whore ever spouting propaganda.
There was a big push for this by some group. The news report here in NYC was that encryption was to blame.

Someone is pushing an agenda hard. 

I am betting almost all news reporters are just cia or nsa employees at this point.
Reuters AP Al Jazeera. Even they're not fool-proof. Read look for multiple sources find the intersecting facts.  
Its on CNN now.
As opposed to loudly pulling it?  Why is every other headline "quietly"?  That word is becoming as useless as " literally".
Come to think of it, they also probably bought shit on ebay. Fuck! I buy shit on ebay! I'm fucked!
As opposed to NYT noisily pulls article?
If there is a backdoor for the government then some hacker will find a way to open it. That hacker could be government like China that steals the plans for some idea that would have made you a millionaire. 

If governments get it they will use it to go after everybody that pokes the government. 
How does a news organization *loudly* do this? 
AQ/IS do not use iMessage.  They are incredibly well funded, and have western educated followers who will engineer solutions for free.  They use their own in-house comm. platforms with built in encryption.
Encryption had nothing to do with this in the slighest.

The reason why they were able to organise such coordinated attacks is because it was done face-to-face before leaving the middle-east.

Even with unencrypted communications, the meta-data would have been clear and clearly shown several groups organising. This would have been visible, flagged and analysed by humans.

If the Italian police can bust a well-trained CIA cell wide open (Abu Omar case), then the French can do the same for IS cells.

Encryption did not play a role here, as even with encryption, this kind of organisation over phones does not work under meta-data retention/analysis systems.
New York Times?

NEW YORK TIMES?!?!
I always immediately down vote titles with words like "quietly" in them. They pulled the article, they pulled it, it was there and now it's not, when you or the article itself uses words like quietly it takes away from the credibility of an article because it screams bias even if it's not.
Are they supposed to have a press conference when they pull articles?
which doesn't even make sense. there hasn't been much in the way of improvement in crypto in the last few years, no decrece in spying has occured dispite the exposure, and the public at large still hasn't caught on that crypto is good.

this is definitely propaganda. now the question is what's the motive
&lt;NYT&gt; **low whistle* ...
The fact they removed it shows these people have some kind of moral compass. I don't get why they can't be explicit about it. How about replacing the article with statement of how they want to spread information not propaganda? People would respect it.
As a 10+ year subscriber of the NYT, I'm starting to find their political biases (Hillary) and inaccurate reporting to be unacceptable. Too bad. 
The stupidity here is alarming. Encryption was mentioned for one paragraph, and even then did not blame the Paris attacks on encryption.

Come on reddit. You guys are better than this.
For those of you looking for the result, it [the ruling could take several months](http://www.nbcnews.com/tech/internet/u-s-appeals-court-hears-challenge-fccs-net-neutrality-rules-n474536) so we won't know for a while.
It really bothers me how the entire nation can unite together against this, and they put up bill after bill to try and do it anyways, never in my life have the interests of the american people been fairly represented.
At least we'll get those sweet deals from AT&amp;T. Right guys? Right?
Not the end. Just another setback. 
&gt; Post 7 hours old

Well? Did we win? 
&gt;Following Friday’s court hearing, the three-judge DC Circuit panel will likely deliberate for several weeks before issuing a ruling sometime early next year.

That sure is a strange definition of "today".
DC Circuit court of appeals?

The decision means nothing. It'll be appealed either way and LIKELY be granted Certiorari.
I have been seeing these type of headlines for months

At first I was concerned, but then I started reading the articles and seeing that for the most part all these are Doom and Gloom click bait.

And I stopped paying attention.

At this point I think they're doing more harm than good.
It is a sad commentary on the state of Congress that a defeat in court spells the end of net neutrality when Congress could simply pass laws to make it so. 

People complain about judicial activism, but our legislative body is so corrupt and crippled, judges and their legal gymnastics are the only way we have to keep critical laws up to date.
Listen, and understand. The big telcos are out there. The can’t be bargained with. The can’t be reasoned with. They don't feel pity, or remorse, or fear. And they absolutely will not stop, ever, until Net Neutrality is dead.

**edit: never would have guessed that this many people on reddit, of all places, wouldn't recognize a Terminator quote when they saw it...*
I'm always worried when congress or judges are tinkering with technology because they always seem to lack understanding in the area.
Start informing Comcast, Verizon and Time Warner of the error of their ways by doing everything you can to keep from giving them one penny more than you have to.  Even if there is no competition in your area, do not rent any movies or anything from the ISP, go through a third party like Google or Amazon.  They need to evolve, not keep the rest of the world from evolving.
[You have viewed the maximum number of http://reddit.com pages for the date of **December 4 2015**. If you'd like to continue using this site, please log onto your xfinity account and visit http://my.xfinity.com/MyPreferences/billing to alter your browsing preferences. Alternatively, you can enjoy your free, unlimited forum access on http://forums.xfinity.com.]
so did the FCC win or lose today?
Did they lose..?
it is 6pm EST 

WELL?
... For America. EU has already ratified net neutrality.
The last time this came up before the DC District Court they specifically told the FCC to reclassify broadband under Title II if they wanted to implement the rules that they did. The FCC did that. Odds are pretty good that the FCC will win.
Dear sweet baby popups.  Somebody cleanse that link!
Well?
Soooo, how'd it end....? 
So, does anyone have a Death Note?
Net neutrality will end as companies providing lines want to earn more money without having to take risky investments. It's cheaper to spend money in courts and doing so called lobbyist work than investing in infrastructure. 

As the companies are high weight due to their monopolistic history, they will win. We are moving back to the expensive 90 ties. 

And then a new technology will come. And the game continues. 
I hate to be a half empty glass on this subject but ultimately this is people vs money.......unfortunately money normally wins
I find it weird that I so often see headlines like, "XXX is up for a vote today, and it's extremely important." Why don't we ever hear about these things more than 24 hours in advance? I feel like there should be a standard news-reporting timeframe, to where papers could go, "XXX is up for a vote in exactly 3 months", to give you time to actually research it and care.
I don't want to wind up on some kind of list here, but this is the kind of shit that people do fucking crazy shit over. I'm talking like home state terrorism. You can't just fuck people over and over and over and over and leave them with absolutely no hope. When people lose hope that anything good will come, that's when people get fucking unpredictable and do some off the wall shit.

The problem is, that it's not going to help their cause. It's going to hurt a lot of innocent people who had to take some shitty Comcast job and then just further some other agenda that just needed a smoking gun to pass. 

Maybe I don't know what I'm talking about. Maybe I'm an idiot. I'm scared for the future though. 
Why are these clickbaity, the end is nigh article titles allowed in here? Makes me want to ignore anything from r/technology.
Japan keeps looking better and better
I'm out of the loop here, what would the end of net neutrality mean?
I'm getting tired of these constant attacks too.  We need to find out who's behind it all and start taking them down a peg.
So, did they lose? What happened? 
I'm not sure why everyone is so worried. If net neutrality falls through, AT&amp;T will be able to pull through on those amazing offers that the rules are currently hindering!
Can't we get all the big internet sites to do an other black out thing, like the sopa pipa?
The fact that Ted Cruz had dubbed net neutrality as "obamacare for the internet" really goes to show how fundamentally uninformed these politicians are on the topic. It's crazy they still try to preach the misinformation.
I feel like every day is the last day of net neutrality according to this sub
so just how will this affect me up in canada? like not at all or just as much as any american?
And if they win big cable and telecom will try again, and again and again and again until they defeat Net Neutrality.

If only we would had called it The Patriot's Net Freedom Act...
The GOP: Protecting corporate interests (shareholder profits) at the expense of consumer rights since the FTC wanted to put warning labels on cigarettes. 


And probably even before that. 
"The republicans have attached a anti net neutrality clause onto a must pass government spending bill..."

When is this shit going to be straight up illegal. nothing infuriates me me more when i hear about my government basically attaching clauses that do not directly affect the matter at hand to important bills to either stop them from passing or to force votes on things that need to pass for the government to continue to operate. Its the most dirty underhanded shit i can imagine. It serves no purpose other than fucking over the general public...

this situation literally amounts to. "sorry but if you want net neutrality so much the government cant pass its spending bill so itl have to shut down" are you fucking kidding me. no go do your fucking job you god damn hacks.
[deleted]
Then AT&amp;T can give us all of those *super sweet* deals! 
Oh does that mean AT&amp;T will un-"shelf" all of those great ideas they  couldn't tell us about because of Net Neutrality?
I don't think this is all about money for the telcoms.

I'm just saying, if they can favor (in virtually any way) what media outlets are available they then control the media. They used to do this by limiting the news outlets - Fox, CNN, MSNBC, ABC, NBC, etc. 

An open internet allows regular Joes to read Aljazeera, BBC, The Washington Post, the New York Times, and editorials from anyone with a keyboard and monitor. It makes it impossible to control what people read. 

If I can read the source science article as easily as I can read Fox News' editorial on the science article, there's a good chance I might. That means I may develop an alternative opinion (based on science instead of sensationalism) than what the telcoms and their investors might want.

They don't want our money. They want our minds. Remember that old saying, "Knowledge is power?" Controlling knowledge and information is one of the greatest super powers. The world's real super villains don't open gates to hell, they simply control what knowledge we have access to.
Anyone have an update on the case?
It seems like people trying to kill net neutrality are more or less obviously doing so at the behest of corporate sponsors. So this should make it easy to create a list of corrupt politicians in high office, right? Does such a list exist somewhere?
Why is it always the end of Net Neutrality?
Okay, so I hardly ever pay attention to things (this country is already headed to hell so why bother) but I'd like to ask something about this.

The name seems benign (which is what politicians do, name something horrible all cute and fuzzy) but there's all this rage over the subject.

Can someone please ELI5 exactly what Net Neutrality is and why it's bad/good.  And what it means for the internet if it does/doesn't pass?
So how far up our collective asses do the corporations get to ram their dicks without lube? 
Well, it's 5:00 PST, the day is over. Did they win or lose?
So did they lose?
Get money out of politics!
It won't be the end of net neutrality.  If they lose, they'll appeal to the Supreme Court.
well? did we win?
**An update**

[In Net Neutrality Hearing, Judge Signals Comfort With F.C.C.’s Defense](http://bits.blogs.nytimes.com/2015/12/04/in-net-neutrality-hearing-judge-signals-comfort-with-f-c-c-s-defense/)


So this sub is still a sensationalist soapbox, huh? 
I see and hear "Net Neturality is bad, internet is gonna die/be controled, FCC is the devil/good." I just don't know. I don't know if I want NN or don't want NN. I haven't been told what freaking NN is and why its truly good or bad over and over and over and over and over again for MONTHS.

So seeing this again on the front page... I just don't give a fuck anymore. Its like being taught an overly complicated equation and just not getting the concept and the professor refuses to give a simpler explanation. Am I alone on this?
Fucking Republicans can suck my ass. 
I understand the strategy the defendants are trying to pursue here but I don't agree with it.  As far as a long-term strategy I think this method of carrying out business is a really poor choice and shows how shortsighted the top management is.  They are going to rip up so many roots to get their way that eventually customers are going to just stop buying their service altogether.  What will they do then?  Even if they ARE monopolistic people will just seek out a new lifestyle in other areas.  Even if they have to drag their feet to get there.
This shit will be tied up in court for years regardless of the outcomes of all of these congressional bills and court decisions. 

I think when it's all said and done, nothing will change. The large corporations (TWC, Comcast, etc) are just dragging this out so they can fleece people as long as possible before their dying money streams evaporate. Eventually it will all unravel and technological advancement will kill their business model and they won't have anything.

An example at the top of my head would be internet through your electrical company. If they could figure out how to implement internet over the same cables that provide electricity, the cable model is immediately dead. 

  Corporations do not die and have lots of money. they will just continue fighting until one day they win. Just one time is all it takes.
I've never met anyone that wasn't in favor of Net Neutrality. It's sad that our governmental representatives no longer feel that they should represent us.
It will happen in one form or another. Corrupt politicians keep sneaking anti-net neutrality clauses into bills and laws at the behest of their corporate masters. Eventually they'll succeed. But that won't be the end. There will always be a "free net". We will move our services and communication on to encrypted networks. Tor is just one facet of this... there are many excellent encrypted services coming out each week... email... browsing... chatting... This is why they are so loud with their lies recently against encryption - as if "the terrorists" will win if we get to have our right to privacy.

If they won't let us have our freedom, we will just take it. They can have whatever remains of the main web and all the services in the clear - it will all turn to absolute shit anyway. It's so riddled with ads and propaganda and data mining already. 

The key will be to make the secure services available to the masses; and for them to understand why privacy is so important.
I understand the opposition not wanting government intervention, but they don't deserve that luxury when they basically have a monopoly on the service. If there was tons of competition, things would be different and probably a lot cheaper. 
Don't forget to explain the concept of Net Neutrality very carefully and slowly to your parents and peers, especially if they vote red.
Does anyone know how to keep track of trials like this?

Is there a site that reporters would dump logs/notes onto detailing how the trial is going?

Or is this one of those that the press is shut out of?

Forgive my ignorance... legal proceedings aren't usually on the forefront of my lobes but this one is enticing enough to want to follow.
Ok well a lot of people say it's hopeless *they* get what they want eventually. And Internet activism doesn't do anything. 

Well what can I do? Seriously what can I do. I'm growing depressed thinking about fairness in the world and how it's every fleeting 
nothing will be done by anyone. 
Well maybe it forces everyone onto a system like Tor? 
VERY important in this issue is that 7 of the 11 DC Circuit judges are Democratic appointees. For a long time the DC Circuit was dominated by reliable right-wing/corporate-friendly votes. That has changed recently. So the arithmetic looks favorable.
At this point I think we're more likely to repeal this crap than to stop it from happening. And the only thing I have to say to the many politicians who've let this happen is fuck you.
Net Neutrality just doesn't make sense, you can't force companies through legislation, you force them through competition. Support things like google fiber, and boycott companies like comcast that try to throttle your connection. 

Passing legislation doesn't solve the problem, it just forces the companies to find loopholes, you have to show them that you won't fork over money for a bad product. Though if they continue to see your dollars flying in, then they won't change, because all it does is reassure them that they are making the correct decision.
just wait until the TPP is in place....then we'd already have a foregone conclusion
Let a tyrannical, easily bought-off Government make the rules, or do we allow the Corporations to have control of the last bastion of freedom we have, the internet. 

This doesnt seem like a win-win situation does it?
Vice--ignore 90% of it as it is slanted/completely devoid of fact checking. The other 10%?  Gold and great journalism. 
Is anyone else getting sick and tired of trying to defend our rights from being taken over by corporations....we already pay for something that should be free but that isn't good enough...they have to control it all and squeeze every last penny out from everyone they can.  I can't wait till I can't access webpages any more because they didn't pay my ISP for the right to have me access that particular page. 


How can we not rely on public infrastructure to serve the web sobwe don't have to listen to these tedious debates and get in fights every other day
Wait, are we talking about net neutrality or Net "Neutrality"?
Looks like we're going to have to drop the Internet and go back to the before 2000 times. Get my shovel boyS!!
Ok so obviously att and Comcast are the devils with net neutrality, but what about others? I recently heard T-Mobile has been thrown under the bus? But did T-Mobile actually care about its customers with its transparency and actually fight against att and Verizon? WHO ARE THE GOOD GUYS!?! 
The only time a politician will speak out FOR net neutrality is when their political opponents pay to have their site throttled.
the ruling will not be out for months
I feel like its inevitable :( 
But will it have an affect on people in other countries?
In the end, no matter what one person in a court room decides, it's the people with the power. If we don't like it, we will quickly right it. All civil servants have a responsibility to the people, not their pockets. The power a single person holds come from those that allow them to have it. Hold them accountable if they are not representing the majority. Is the majority always right? No, but as humans we make our mistakes and eventually (hopefully) learn from them. We take a lot of abuse from the gov't and corporations and just very rich people, but you can only push us so far... so tread softly for you tread on my (our) dreams.
&gt;“We’re confident the FCC’s ruling will stand up in court because the agency chose the correct legal path to protect the rights Congress gave to Internet users,” Matt Wood, policy director at DC-based public interest group Free Press, said in a statement.

I'm pretty sure Congress doesn't give anybody rights.  Best they can do is not take rights away.  
*sigh, this country has gone down the shitter.
Never had it in the first place since all the isps get getting away with not following it.
I am gonna rage eat bananas now.  

I will eat them with peanut butter, chopped and tossed with different fruits in a salad, battered and fried then dipped in chocolate, blended with icecream and milk, chopped, diced, mashed, fried, and any which way you could cook and serve them. 

ELI5 is this a good thing or a bad thing?
It could be the end of the net neutrality regulation.

The "net" was already "neutral" before the regulation. 

Some isolated, specific complaints about what we think of as net neutrality weren't covered by the new regulation at all.

T-Mobile is proudly advertising mobile data plans that *don't count certain, handpicked services against your data plan*. They are advertising this as a *good thing*. That violates everything we ever wanted from a neutral net.

If the FCC is denied the power to unilaterally, without an act of congress, start imposing controls on the internet, then that is all that will change. The actual state of the internet itself will not change at all.

Personally, my opinion is that it should have been an *FTC* matter all along. What T-Mobile is doing is essentially anticompetitive collusion with certain actors in a market to give them an advantage over other, smaller competitors, not via a fast lane, but by how their customers are charged. Watch Hulu? All F'n day. Want to watch PlutoTV? YouTube? Popcornflix? Fuck off. Now that's my *opinion*. 

But the fact of the matter is that nothing will change.

The biggest problem I see facing net neutrality is that the people in charge of making decisions about it are old fucks that barely know how to send an email. The only thing our elected officials know is that telecoms are keeping them with the newest Benz every year and internet users will do just like every other US citizen, bend over and take it.*

*This has been my opinion and speculation. If you don't agree then present facts to counter or don't, no one cares what we think anyway.
Net neutrality is important, but Title 2 reclassification is the wrong vehicle.

Really all that's going to change is you'll see an extra $12.50 (average, $150 annually) in taxes added to your internet bill every month [assuming you have a fixed broadband and at least one smartphone](http://www.forbes.com/sites/realspin/2015/01/26/on-net-neutrality-title-ii-regulation-means-higher-taxes-on-consumers/).
If the FCC loses it will be up to us to take up the mantle and restore net neutrality at all costs. 
But then AT&amp;T can give us all of those amazing deals!.... /s
They're probably going to lose
GET MONEY OUT OF FUCKING POLITICS!
So then I won't see this very same title a few months from now? I doubt it
republicans working hard today

real hard....to stop us from having net neutrality 
Can somebody list the arguments for the side that wants the internet to be a tool for exploitation.  I think the tool for communication side makes sense...
With all the counter-intuitive names the given to these anti-Freedom Acts, I can't remember if I like net-neutrality or not.
Hey, if they lose, we get to see all of those great deals AT&amp;T was *going* to offer us.
I swear to god if they don't strike this shit down, I'm going to find Ted Cruz, bend him over, and FUCK HIM TO DEATH. When will these idiots learn? YOU DON'T FUCK WITH OUR INTERNET. 
Seriously, screw all republicans. Nothing but greedy corporate Grubbing dickbags. It has been proven and quite clear that the majority of people want net neutrality for openness in fairness but yet they still say fuck you we will support the people who give us money, not the people we represent.
believe no one ever... 
How could the end of net neutrality affect my job if im working at home?
Oh, look mom, it's the democrats vs the republicans again.

I'm sure glad they represent my interests...
I thought this conversation was over when the internet was classified as a public utility... can somebody explain what these cases are about?
Will AT&amp;T release those killer deals they say we're stopped due to net neutrality??
I absolutely want Net Neutrality. It's one of the top 3 issues I vote on. Sometimes I wonder if it's really always on the edge of complete destruction though. It feels like it is. It feels like we're always about to lose it, or not get it, or something. Is that the reality of the situation? Is it really on such a constantly thin razor's edge?
I've been numbed to this doomsaying. Whoever are communicating these are collectively hurting their cause. 
Then AT&amp;T could finally give the American people that great offer they were talking about!
Really, Vice, two layers of ads?
Uhh....

&gt;Following Friday’s court hearing, the three-judge DC Circuit panel will likely deliberate for several weeks before issuing a ruling sometime early next year.

Not today OP.
Honest question: What will it really take to make ISPs and internet access better for the average american?  Honestly, I'm pretty happy with my service (b/c I'm lucky enough not to have Comcast) but I'm always scared that could change.  Like, it's scary how much my quality of life would go down if my internet was suddenly terrible.

So, will it ever change? Can it? 
I never quite understood what net neutrality was exactly, or why it's good/bad. Can someone explain it in TLDR terms to me?
sorry for asking this but..

is this good or bad?
And if they win, they will just have to fight again tomorrow for the same thing.
How do we make these companies go out of business..? Everyone clearly wants them gone. Are there no alternative providers?
The only way to ensure net neutrality is to ensure net service competition.  Support Google Fiber, or whatever massive underhanded corporation comes along to build infrastructure side by side with established greed.
So you're telling me that we could have a government that we don't want because the government lost to itself.
If net neutrality is taken away, then what would happen if every website just... *didn't* pay the fast lane fee? Wouldn't that solve all our problems? 
Democrats, you guys need to do something drastic if you want to save net neutrality: come out against it. As soon as republicans hear that you're not for it, they'll make 180 change in policy and claim that they were always for it
I feel like I've been seeing this exact post for like two years. So I'm assuming even if they lost in court today it wouldn't be the end.
With how relentless the proper people are, it's going to happen at some point anyway.  The best thing to do is to not take the internet for granted and figure out what technology should supersede it once net neutrality ends.
We're just circling the drain.
Anything we can do to to make them not loose?
This is just a war of attrition. they'll just throw this BS at the system until enough of it gets through and they have control of internet access entirely. By which point it'll be too late.
the ultimate battle: public interest vs corporate greed
This is good right?
The end of NN....until all the Luddites who are in charge now retire or die and people who actually understand how the Internet really works take over. 
The internet is simply connections between computers. It may take a while, but those who care about the freedom of their information will probably just set up a new "internet" whose connections are not linked to current providers. 

It could be that in 100 years, there may be many different forms of the "internet" as we know it today with varying levels of freedom, information, etc.
Ugh, first time I read the headline I didn't read the "if" - a wave of dark fear and nausea briefly passed over me.  Probably what it feels like when a Nazgul comes up behind you.
If they just split content providers from ISPs, then there would be no need for NN rules or legislation.

It is the best solution because there are certainly negative consequences to these NN regulations. The obvious one being implementation of data caps in combination with the sale of 'excluded services' ... e.g. 'Binge On'.
This is not the end just another set back 
FFS, I thought this was settled like a month ago? Net Neutrality won, no? 
Guys this was inevitable from the beginning.  The monied interests will always win in the long run. 
If  they declare war on the internet the internet will answer by circumventing those barriers by coding all sorts of circumvention tools. Tor and other tools already use cdns to bypass filters
Does anyone feel like the decision is already made, but they're still going through the trial for appearances?
Been out of the scene with the whole net neutrality thing, is this a good thing or no?
I guess Atnt would have to come out with all those special plans it wanted to come out with but couldnt due to net nuetrality
Why can't these super giant companies just leave this alone. They make plenty of money and it's been shown that encryption is nothing but good. I suppose having a camera always watching and paying a premium for less content is good too right? 
mp3 audio of the oral arguments is posted:

https://www.cadc.uscourts.gov/recordings/recordings.nsf/

I haven't listened yet.
Except the loser of the case will most surely appeal. In this case, the precedence of the D.C. District Court is the previous ruling in favor of the FCC. I can't see the Courts ruling against themselves on a similar previous case, so the FCC is pretty rock solid here. ISPs will just send it to a higher court to be shut down

Everyday, Net Neutrality is at a stake. There's a new threat to it on a daily basis. Let me have my free internet in peace!!
I swear, every day there's a "this is the end of net neutrality" article posted on /r/technology.
If the FCC loses in court we lose net neutrality.

If the budget passes we lose net neutrality.

If the TPP passes we lose net neutrality.

If Republicans are elected we lose net neutrality (at least one came out as wanting to end it.

If Comcast keeps their data caps with comcast's streaming data exempted we lose net neutrality.

I am starting to think some people want to end net neutrality.
The "end of net neutrality if this one thing happens today" has happened like every day for a few years now.
So, how did it go?
WELP THAT WAS FUN
Good thing I've already downloaded enough games and porn to last a lifetime.
The FCC isn't gong to change anything. You guys are being silly. Moltov cocktails still work without the Internet.
if they lose we riot
I feel like all this means nothing no matter the outcome, the evil ones usually find a way.
Vice with the overdramatic title. 
I can't wait until internet finally fucking becomes a utility in US... should've happened decades ago imho.
Can someone please explain to me in easy words what net neutrality is? Is it the end of sharing information.
... In the USA. Where's your freedom now ???
At least we have those great AT&amp;T deals to look forward to that they were going to present before that pesky net neutrality got in the way. /s
I feel like "net neutrality" don't have more awareness because it takes too much explaining for the average person to understand. 

If it was presented as "preventing telecom monopolies" I feel like people would instantly understand the issue better. 
Why not just let the free market decide?  If you don't like ISPs that don't support network neutrality then don't use them. If enough people follow suit then they will go out of business and only the network neutral ISPs will remain.  That is how our glorious capitalist system works to regulate commerce via the "invisible hand".

Now... we all know that's a load of horse shit and Comcast, AT&amp;T, Verizon, Cox, and others aren't going down without a fight and you really DON'T have a choice in ISPs in many areas.  At best you have a choice between the duopoly of the old entrenched Baby Bell telco DSL provider which is shit slow and the cable company your town signed an exclusivity contract with that has decent speeds but low data caps.  

Don't even try to bring up the towns with gigabit providers like Google Fiber or other city-owned metropolitan fiber Internet providers because they're so few and far between they're practically irrelevant to this discussion. 
Pretty sure the TPP is going to take care of Net Neutrality. So yes, the end is near.

Well I'll just go fuck myself.
So, did they win?
Seriously, do we even have net neutrality today?
Net Neutrality as a concept, and the supposed threat it claims to combat, or poorly understood by the average person.

If Net Neutrality died I wouldn't mourn.  The free market and innovation is responsible for network speeds easily 100x what they were a decade ago.  Frankly, I suspect government involvement will actually slow down progress, which is typical of their involvement in other industries.  

If you want the fastest possible, cheapest possible internet you should be telling government to keep their hands off.
As a huge computer geek that actually understands what the internet backbone is and how it works, net neutrality is a horrible idea, with a great sounding name.  

Look people, if you want to get Comcast, ATT, Verizon to stop being pushy monopolistic pieces of shit, it is up to YOU to do something about it.  If you let the government dictate the internet the good parts are going to die.
Can we quit with the clickbait/sensationalist titles? Please? This shit is why I don't watch the news. I want the facts not fear mongering.
The Internet will eventually be destroyed by Facebook, Comcast and Google. The people who count on it most spend all their time stoned and playing video games.

The real promise of the Internet evaporated 15 years ago. 

Holy shit I don't care any more. I don'tcare I don'tcareidontcareidontcareidontcare.

The day I wake up and I can't log into tf2 and view internet porn simultaneously is when I'll fucking care again.
The day this won't be another fucking sensationalized clickbait article we'll all be so used to seeing them that no one will pay attention and we'll be fuck for real.
good thing for the government there was another police shooting and mass shooting yesterday.  Hard to believe this timing is a coincidence.
Republicans are so fucking stupid, why couldn't the shooters have gone to Congress and execute the Republican members? Instead they go after citizens who actually contribute to society.
Thank God. I'm so saddened by the collectivist ignorance of what NN is really all about. It has nothing to do with keeping the net neutral. 

"AFFORDABLE Care Act" Like HHEELLLOOO?????!
um misleading title? i thought net neutrality was a good thing so why is the article intentionally using the opposite definition.
The time has come.  **Revolution**.
If I drink a glass of water, it *may* be the end of net neutrality!
It's OK, no other developed country has as corrupt a judicial system so if this happens Americans can always move to a civilised country instead.
[deleted]
They weren't enforcing net neutrality anyways.
ahh fuck off. You know it's not gonna be the end. Why title it that way.
Gentlemen and ladies, it has been a privilege sharing the internet with you. Most of you, anyway.

These "net neutrality is about to be overturned" 'scare' articles are getting fucking old. I swear I see them on this board every single week without fail. This article barely highlights anything that important. It's just a summary of the net neutrality tussle that's been going on for several years now. 

Not gonna lie, I'm really sick of the never ending Net Neutrality saga.
So.. Is today the day I should sign a petition or something? 
Everything has been the end of Net Neutrality for the last decade, but nothing is the end for these headlines.
Guys, net neutrality is gone.  It is going to happen.  They're not going to stop until they get what they want.  We're just wasting money fighting this shit in court - we cannot possibly win this in the long term.  If they lose, they will regroup and pursue another venue; if they win, they win once and for all forever.
Man, the world is closing around me and it's scaring me. These people want to take away my rights in the name of safety. I don't know how much longer I can go on. Every day it seems like this shit gets worse, and no one with any kind of power is out there to make things better.
For fucks sake cant they just fuck off and let the FCC do the job it needs to do.
Just moved to Memphis where comcast is forcing data caps on me. Awesome that they are going to try to force me to pay more for less service than I got from them at my old town. Anyone in Memphis want to team up and start our own ISP?
&gt;Already not exactly on the public's good side

Anyone that doesn't despise this company isn't paying attention.
Please, Complain to the FCC. 

https://consumercomplaints.fcc.gov/hc/en-us

Well, when everyone already hates you, you really don't have anything to lose, do you?
Already saw it. Three times. "Oh 50 dollars? We meant 60. Er.... 70. 78. Yeah, 80 a month."

I live in apartments that have an agreement with Cocmast, so I have no choice.
Go to your local city hall meetings when they are up to renew their franchise agreements.  Then argue against allowing them to renew.
Comcast: "Merry Christmas! I got you a present"   
Customer: "This is a cactus"   
Comcast: "Yes! Go fuck yourself" 
5 year Comcast subscriber, super heavy user. I just cancelled my Comcast. If I brought myself to do if, thousands of others will. Fuck Comcast.

EDIT: My post was kind of unclear. Switched providers to one with no data cap or bullshit.
highest profit margin of any product in history.
Comcast is more and more just an indicator of how loose America's butthole is getting. 
[deleted]
If each reddit unique monthly user put in $875, we could buy Comcast.    

I know not Every monthly user has that, however, $875 is $400 less than I paid Comcast for internet last year.  
You know in America if everyone universally hates a company's product(s)/service(s), then the people should have the ability to take their business elsewhere. We SHOULD be able to drive them out of business, but thanks to favorable legislation enforcing geographic monopolization of the industry with significant legal barriers to entry this can't happen. Crony capitalism is digging this country's grave as we are sitting here and complaining about this. 
I've already gotten a letter. Not only do I have a 300gig cap but my plan is going to suddenly be another 20 bucks more expensive. And they want another 30 on top of that for me to have unlimited internet again. 
If there was only some way we could get ISIS to hate ONLY Comcast instead of everyone else...
"Many markets" = where there is no FiOS
Every time I see news like that, I think "This is it. Now is when everyone's gonna leave comcast because *this* is too far."

Yet, it keeps getting worse.
Gotta make up for everyone dumping hyper expensive cable TV packages full of hundreds of channels you don't want or watch and switching to data based services like Netflix and Amazon prime. 
I wonder if it would be possible to organize a massive boycott on Comcast. Maybe boycotts not the right word, I just mean hundreds of thousands or more users all dropping the service at the same time for one month. With most people having a smart phone with its own carrier it would make dropping internet possible without too much interference in your daily life. How many people would it take to send a clear message? Could enough people dropping the service at the same time cause Comcast to collapse? 
By Comcast standards, notifying about rate jump is actually an improvement. When I was misfortunate enough to be Comcast customer, the bill just keep growing every single month. Not by much, but by big enough amount to make a noticeable difference from one year to next. 
Comcastisisis.com
Fuck them, they already hiked my monthly price of $86 to $117 a few months ago. 

We called and complained and asked why our price suddenly jumped. Their only reason they could give us was "that's just the new price". They certainly didn't improve our shitty speeds and constant outages for that ridiculous new price. Fuck Comcast.
So are they going to take the extra funds and staff their offices with people who aren't bafflingly incompetent?  Or revamp their customer "service" procedures so that it doesn't appear to be created by a drunk, retarded monkey with brain damage?

I do IT support and when clients have issues with Comcast, Comcast has consistently proven itself to be mind bogglingly incompetent fuckwits and even malicious.

More than once, I have with no doubts or ability to deny it, caught them outright lying.  They have tried claiming that NATing is not a thing that exists so that they could push additional charges, while at the same time actively blocking traffic to fabricate evidence to fit that lie, while sneaking in to the local router to change the password and remove static NATs.

I had another client recently add an additional service.  Somehow, when Comcast added that service they "unlocked" their block of 100 phone numbers and randomly started handing them out to residential customers.  It took them 6 weeks to correct that fuck up, and they wanted the client to just give up the numbers and take different ones because Comcast had to go to residential customers they gave those numbers to and explain that they had to give them new numbers. 

 Fuck Comcast.
Comcast doesn't pull that shit where I live, because we actually have Verizon as well to choose from. I guess that's what happens when people are given a choice... it forces both companies to try and lesser-evil each other. 
Rate hikes in this market are evidence of monopoly.
This is what happens when a utility is also a publicly traded company. 
[deleted]
This gets more hilarious by the day.
Yachts are getting expensive. More money must be extracted from the peasants. 
How does a company believe that these are all winning strategies. To basically rule your customers with an iron fist.....  More companies need to learn from valve/ tesla/ google. 
Could I just break in here to mention that Comcast sucks?
Well that's just going to make people switch to a different service, oh wait....... 
It takes money to pay bonuses to undeserving CEOs and Top Executives
How is it that with all the brilliant startups and advanced technology in the US, no one has found a way to overthrow the evil Comcast? Please free to explain like I'm five. 
I'd pay Google more now just to spite Comcast. Come to the gulf coast damnit.
Good guy Comcast making sure that things like Google Fiber and Municipal broadband companies are in demand and successful.
LOL and they keep calling me to try and get me off of the cheapest internet option they offer "We'll give you TV for only an additional $10 per month" "Yes, but I'm saving $10 right now by not having TV. If I wanted TV I would have signed up for it." I honestly can't figure out why they think I would ever agree to pay more than the absolute minimum possible. Sure the lowest tier internet is barely acceptable, but it's still acceptable and TV sucks anyway.
FOR FUCKS SAKE HOW LONG DOES THIS HAVE TO GO ON BEFORE SOMETHING CHANGES
I love it. keep it up comcast. get so greedy you steal the pillow and blanket from the sleeping giant known as The People.

you should be crushed and turned into worker coops like all corporations.
I recently got 70Mb broadband with no caps. 

I had to upgrade some wiring to gigabit to cope, and get a 802.11ac router. What a ballache, eh? 
This is what happens when you don't allow competition.
Comcast is really bad at coming up with excuses for their customer-unfriendly policies

Examples:
Limiting Data while charging an "unlimited fee" to those who can afford it does not equal fair

Charging you more money for the same low overhead service does not equal more for your money

Does anyone have any other examples?
I think they know that as soon as Google fibre becomes available in any given area, they're going to instantly lose all their customers in that area and are trying to get the most out of their business before it crumbles within a few years
Stop complaining. Your political system has allowed these companies to bumrape ordinary citizens. If you expect low rates and good service then have a bloody competition commision that actually does something. Don't expect 'free markets' to fix this outrageous duopoly.
It's for continuing improvements to the infrastructure, obviously.  /s
I would seriously join an army if their sole purpose was to dismantle Comcast.
Make internet a public utility.  It has to be treated as such to avoid this terrible behavior.  It didn't have to be a public utility, but comcast behaved in such a way to squander the public's support of their monopoly.  Pull it from them.
This feels like it is from a comedy show, hilarious. Maybe.... Just maybe Comcast is being a major asshole to wake the American public up and stir a revolt, so that they stand up to corruption.  
Here's my theory:

Some number of years ago, some poor guy was minding his own business when his Comcast bill suddenly doubled. After a failed attempt at dealing with customer support, the guy paid the erroneous bill. But he never forgot. From that moment, he plotted his revenge. He joined Comcast at an entry level position. He worked his way up to the top, occasionally changing customers names, or tacking on extra fees. He knew it was wrong, but it had to be done.
Finally at a position with great influence, he begins his final plan: bring that company down.
And you folks will continue to give them money because you have no choice.
I don't have Comcast, but I'd like to complain about them anyway.
can we create our own network. This is becoming ridiculous 
Keep this shit up comcast, and I'll be [here](http://www4.pcmag.com/media/images/384864-internet-cut.jpg?thumb=y) before you know it.
How do you be so hated yet make so much money? How? Seriously that blows my mind. 
Will it ever end? 
The only thing i get from these fools is internet now and its because they are the ONLY people around who i can get it from. Cant wait until the day i can stop using them for good.
I'd rather have price hikes than bs caps. That's going to ruin the Internet IMO and should be illegal. Cell phones are one thing, my home computer is another. Would be cool if communities came together and made a reliable internet system an tell them all to fuck off. 
Punishing users of one service for loss of sales in another service...  that's shameful.  That's like saying "you're not using enough electricity, we're raising your phone rates!"
Why not, they own a monopoly that they have made it illegal to even try to compete. 

I can't wait till something smashes that company to shit but I don't see anything changing anytime soon.   Not until Google fiber expands into most markets. 
What's new? Cable prices have increased 4X faster than inflation.
Comcast: "You don't like our prices and caps? Well maybe you should shop for new a new ISP." *evil cackle*
Heres whats pissing me off. Theyre doing this with business class too. While im paying an absurd premium to keep the internet without a cap they decide to add 5 more bucks to my bill. And i was told by the rep that the prices will not go up at all. My ass. There just fucking everyone on all ends. Im praying for an alternative that isnt at&amp;t in this area. But who knows when itll happen. 
I have internet only.  It went from $54.95 to $79.95 overnight.  Called to complain and was told that my "signup plan had expired", odd since I hadn't been on any plan for years and have had internet service ever since it was called @Home, then changed to ATTBI and then to comcast. Never dropped service at all.
Not saying that they did before but, I think at this point they just don't give a shit anymore.
If there's competition I can go get X somewhere else if I don't like the rate hike.
My rates already went up and when I tried to shop for a smaller company they told me themselves they couldn't compete with Comcast.
I live in an area with multiple isps. I cancelled to switch to another. Old company offered to pay me $300 to stay with them. I am very happy I don't have to deal with a monopoly.
Huh, yeah all the Comcast bullshit never really effected me (shitty customer service and shadiness, amongst other things) so I have stuck with them because they are one of the easiest to get set up at my house. Now they are going to try to charge me more? All that other bullshit must have been to test customer loyalty/laziness, but that line ends when I have to start paying more for a consistently nerfed service. Messing with pricing is in a completely different realm, I highly doubt they even have a legitimate pricing strategy. If they do, it is very very cost based and that is awful for creating actual value and utility in your product/service. Goodbye Comcast, you will not be missed. 
I would pay $100 to kick the CEO of Cockmast in the dick.
They know the end is nigh, they're just trying to extract as much money from their customer base as possible before GFiber takes over.
Maybe this is a dumb idea, but a serious question concerning these regional monopolies...

If Comcast (and TWC, and Verizonb ATT, et.al.)  got large tax subsidies in the past four building up infrastructure (which they did)  AND those promises from them on building up high speed access weren't kept (which they weren't)...what's to keep the government from saying "Hey...we gave you a deal...you didn't keep your end of the bargain, so now any company that wants to become an ISP can use your infrastructure, since we subsidized it.  It's ours...more or less." ?
Isn't our economy dependent enough on internet to regulate these fuck tards?
/r/titlegore
This is what happens when there's too much competition. Maybe if they didn't have so many rival companies they could provide cheaper service.
We just need to channel ISIS' efforts into something useful, like blowing up Comcast facilities. 
Man, I'd hate to be an employee of comcast...

"*We'd like to inform you that you've been promoted to our social media department! Your goal is to cultivate an positive atmosphere for Comcast on Social media!*"

http://i.imgur.com/aWzn0PL.gif

Seriously though. I wonder if they have a department for that, and what those people actually do. I would have to imagine the employee churn is is 99%. That would be like being Charlie Sheen's sober companion. 
Living in Canada and having to deal with Rogers, they would have to greatly improve their pricing and bandwidth to match what Comcast is lowering their service to.

For all you Americans, just remember it actually could be worse.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brian_L._Roberts owns 33.3% of Comcast, and his wife runs the Barnes Foundation which stole the artwork from Albert Barne's collection, against his wishes.
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1326733/

If you've got a problem with the way he runs his company, you should tell him.    

And before any Mod says this is against the rules, these are public figures.
They don't even spit on our assholes before they fuck us anymore.
When I read caps my mind went to bottlecaps....I've been playing too much Fallout....
lmao how the fuck is this allowed? It's like they're taunting the FCC like "lol what chu gonna do bout it??"
Yep, I just got my bill with a $20.00 hike without any notice or reason. In the past 3 months my bill went from an average of $115.00 to now at over $160.00+, without any service changes or improvements. Time to cancel Comcast for good. 
comcast should not exist.
Maybe the best option is to disconnect service on a mass level.
Well they need to pay the person who comes up with the ideas on how to screw their customers somehow.
how is this company still in business?
I am glad that Comcast is not my isp. Fuck that company!
They must know their end is near.
Thanks goodness we don't have to rely on Comcast in our area.
Honest question:
Are they REALLY that stupid?, I honestly don't understand these business practices.
You have be at least a Little intelligent to become an executive at a mutibillion corporation.
How can they be one of the most hated corporations and still make bank year after year?, someone please explain this to me!(without sarcasm)
[deleted]
I have time Warner cable internet, should I be worried about this. I don't know if the companies are connected
They're just taking the piss now.


"Whatcha gonna do then plebs?" *opens pocket in your general direction for you to throw your money into.
I am in Boca Raton FL and almost all of the surrounding zips are affected by the cap. I am deep behind enemy lines and my only weapon against them is the cheap fiber in some of our communities.
A little while back I read Beggars in Spain. Great book, the big storyline focus is that a genetic breakthrough is made, allowing people to modify their children in-vitro to never need sleep. They're nicknamed "sleepless" by those who sleep (sleepers) and as they go about their ENDLESSLY productive lives, they start corporations and such that are of course also highly successful.

**SPOILERS BELOW!!**

The sleepers hate this. The sleepless have gotten rid of millions of jobs while simultaneously creating an economy where you can live your whole life *without working.* There is no economic incentive to work, yet many people still desire to do so, feeling powerless under the eyes of big corporations that are giving them awesome lives.

So a group of sleepers decide to make a corporation that does not make good products; in fact, in a trolly extent, they make AWFUL products that would never compete with the good stuff, which people buy, because they're prejudiced against the sleepless.

It all reminds me of comcast, except, comcast has no reason to be dicks. It's just human nature to be an asshole of that level, just because you can, and because people will put up with it. In the case of Beggars in Spain, people had a choice to get better products, but they didn't. In OUR world, people DON'T have an option to get better products, and so the companies being assholes continue to be assholes because they're still making $$$.

Not exactly related but yeah.
Perhaps if would help if they made internet a utility.
And cable cutting continues at a brisker pace...
It's time to rise up and demand municipal broadband from our local townships. This shit has got to stop. 
I use internet just as much as the next redditor, but how long would it take for a significant number of Comcast customers to just up and boycott all service with them until they bled so much they had to change?

Could we survive on a data budget using 4G and free wifi hotspots for a few months? even a year to bleed Comcast dry and really send a message?
If they drop prices in competed markets, and raised it where there is no competition, how is this not consider dumping???
Cut HBO from $22 to $15? Comcast gives me HBO for $10 which is why I went with it over Now.
It's ironic that the internet promised us the opportunity to work anywhere, and now people are moving to cities that have better internet access.
Gotta keep increasing profits, otherwise you're not successful. Even as a fucking monopoly. Give me a break, I'm sick and tired and feel helpless. We *ARE* helpless. But it's not the federal government that's really to blame... state and local governments are more responsible for the monopolies in your area. Corruption starts small.
Comcast hikes rates in January. Nothing new here.
Fuck this company ! I'm so glad their deal with TWC fell through here in Maine, for now anyway. This shit is wrong
This is a sincere question. Is Comcast losing money?  Why all this BS with data caps and rate hikes?  

Call me crazy but if they lowered prices and provided quality customer service, people would flock to them. I don't understand. 
They rate hike every year. This is not news. /shrug
I sincerely hope that  the decision makers at Comcast fucking die a horrible death. Or maybe I hope they feel so hated by the entire country that eventually they are driven to kill themselves. Or maybe I hope they go to prison for scamming an entire county, raped everyday they are inside, and shanked and killed the day before their release.

Really none of these will make me feel better, fuck this company, you're ruining America.
They'll be crying all the way to the bank I'm sure.
Wow if things are so bad that people cant just go somewhere else... shit
Fuck those guys! I don't even have Comcast and I hate them. I feel for anyone who is a customer of theirs.
It's only a matter of time before someone shoots up their hq... Sad really.
[deleted]
I believe that they know their days are numbered. So the next logical and unethical thing to do is grab as much as they can before they have to move on. 
You would think that people working here would be embarrassed but because they're not being directly called out... I guess they don't care.

I feel like there's a word to describe that but since I don't know it, I'll make one up:  the Douche Collective.
ELI5: Why is anyone still paying these people? 
Someone's sabotaging Comcast from the inside. How else would you explain "pissing off the customers and increasing the price" a good business plan?
If it isnt already known, they dont care how mad the public gets, as long as they can get away with it. They serve the bottom line, not the public. 

This is why they need to be regulated, and become a public utility. This includes actually being punished when found to be guilty of any sneaky shit!
I do not understand how everyone can complain, but not do anything about it.  Drop them like a bad habit and it will hurt their bottom line.

I have suggested this before and most say that they cannot live without Comcast because they are the only option.  Well, there is satellite for TV and wireless for internet.  Or even go old school and visit the coffee shops or libraries for internet access.  

If you can't live a few months without Comcast, then you probably shouldn't be complaining if you are not willing to do something about it.
Dear God I see at least 2 to 3 Comcast complaint thread things a day. And always it never fails. Top comment "COMPLAIN TO THE FCC" ... Always. Does this really ever do any good? I'm all for taking down corporations when they're in the wrong and not focused on the consumer. But does any of this really help? I don't have Comcast but my friend does. What can someone REALLY do? 
I don't care at all about hotspots, bundled services, or any of this other marketing crap. Just want fast reliable interest at a reasonable price. Preferably delivered like a utility....
So happy centurylink swooped in with their gigabit internet service in my area..
Looks like prime opportunity for Google Fiber to expand into these markets.
Are they having some sort of financial problem?
if you really want to test a person's character, give them a monopoly 
And they actually wonder why the majority of their customers switch when Google Fiber rolls into town?
Feel free to switch to one of the many available alternatives the free market has opened up to you.  Go on, I'll wait. /s
Google is eventually going to hit the point where they have no choice but to step in as an ISP across the country.
Occasionally I'm happy that I have Time Warner Cable. 
Instead of putting caps on everything and increasing rates, they've doubled speeds for free in many areas. Of course I'll be switching to GFiber when they lay the line to our apartment. 
Google Fiber needs to keep expanding. Everywhere it goes customers will be jumping ship.
Why be too big to fail when you can be too big to stop?
Price hikes to "Give customers more for their money". Can Comcast even math at this point
Literally Hitler. 
I mean, it's like when talking to your SO. When they are already mad, better to get all of the troublesome conversations out of the way. 

Fuck Comcast 
Comcast is about to see a rate hike, as well.

Specifically, a hike in the rate of **FEET HIKED UP THEIR ASS.**
The rich getting richer. The bullshit getting bullshittier.
As per my two year agreement my bill went up $10 a month for my triple play bundle.

If I can't keep this rate for a third year, if I'm still living out here, I'll be switching at least part of my services over to U-verse. U-verse are running fiber lines to the home in my area.

I could very easily afford a home Tivo network for over the air signal recordings with Plex &amp; Netflix running on all the boxes for the prices these companies want for their packages. Now if only Amazon would clean up the UI on their VOD service.
Are there any business dudes in here? I understand the anti-comcast sentiment as I'm currently sitting at gb number 290 for the month. However I'm somewhat fortunate, the end is nigh for Nashville residents. We'll trade Comcast's dick for Google's because Google is a gentleman and has obtained consent and lubed up pretty well. 

So, question for someone that understands business: wtf, bro? Wouldn't they rather keep a slightly lower cash flow and maintain their subscriber base? People like me would jump to fiber anyway, but there are those for whom 35Mbps down is sufficient. If it costs less than Google, they'd just would keep it. Instead, Comcast has earned their bad will.

As a non-business dude, I want to believe there's something going on here besides lack of competition plus more-money-more-better. 


Is there any real way to destroy comcast? I hate this company. I don't want to literally destroy them, I just don't think they deserve to be a company anymore. 
http://imgur.com/E5RLOBz

I've been tweeting Comcast &amp; Xfinity about this 300gb bullshit all weekend long. Due to recent life changing actions I had to move back in with my family. They pay for Cable &amp; Internet from Comcast. Xfinity came out with this 300gb limit due to cable cutters burning up so much data. I then see no reason why my family has to be given a data cap when they pay for xfinity cable. I've only been here 4 weeks and already hit the 300gb data cap. (See image) we're now at 297gb At my previous home I was rocking 50mbps speeds, sometimes faster, for only $45 with no data limit and I wasn't paying for cable (came free with apt) 

This is bad news for the Internet as a whole. Not just Comcast customers. For 1, the home is a place of peace and calm. Not to be given another reason to worry about going over your data cap and charged more money. We already do that with the power company. The home is no longer a place a calm and relaxation. Capping data will and is stifling innovation for those who rely on the Internet. 

I have to wait till Dec 1st to be able to start using my HBOGo, Amazon Video, Hulu, YouTube, Netflix, Pluto TV, Flixster, Comedy Central, Adult Swim, Crunchyroll and even Xfinity TV Go app. 

Fuck you, Comcast!

Fuck you very much.
Comcast reminds me of reacher guilt in Terry Pratchett's Going Postal 
S'funny how they're also amongst the first to crow about how much they support the 'free market', whilst simultaneously doing everything they can to destroy a free market economy in their industry.
I freaking just switched to them only cos Fios keeps giving me DVRS that fail and my channels lock up/freeze all the time. They don't have data caps here yet though, they pull that shit and I'm gone. I think all the ISP's in this country suck though. 
If that happened to me, I would cancel my subscription and buy/rent DVDs.
where are our alternatives
Man, they are going down and trying to drag everyone else with them.  They don't give a shit about image anymore, not that they ever really did in the first place.
Thank god D.C. offers Fios as well, switch is eminent. 
Why hasn't there been any real competition in the market? Does it have to do with extreme government intervention in Internet service? Seems to me like someone would've set up a utility that works just as well but treats people better to take away comcasts market share. 
Gotta pay for the slow expansion and usage caps somehow!
How much did everyones take home pay guy up? 3%? 5%? 7%? Or none. 
Does the America public have an independent authority body to intervene this company? if they tried this in the UK they would be taken to the euro courts in seconds! There are specific laws about these kind of businesses in the UK and would NOT be able to operate.
Verizon if you are listening please bring Fios to central NH I hate Comcast so much I would switch to you in a second. 

PS Google I would gladly switch to you even quicker but that just seems like an impossibility at this point 
Uhh, isn't the head of the FCC the ex-president of Comcast or something like that? What is the FCC going to do when there is open collusion and corruption? 
I think rate hikes were the oblivious answer to the whole "cord cutting" thing. I've been saying this was coming for about a year now.

Comcast (and other cable/ISP's) have **one** "job". To keep their shareholders happy. Shrinking profits do *not* make them happy! You either expanded with new products/services or raise prices.

[I'm saying this as *both* a Comcast customer and a shareholder.]

We are seeing a change here, and what you are seeing are symptoms of this change. 

I have a feeling that the ISP side of these businesses will be spun off/"acquired"/bought out/merged eventually into "new" companies. 

Sorta like what we saw back in the day with Cingular/Cellular One/SBC/AT&amp;T.

[For those that don't know...

* in 1987 SBC bought Cellular One (back when only the rich (and drug dealers) had cellphones)

* 87-93  SBC did some weird shit.

* in 1994 AT&amp;T acquires wireless pioneer McCaw Cellular, joint owner with Southwestern Bell of the **Cellular One** brand name

* in 2004 Cingular bought At&amp;t Wireless and at&amp;t "left" the cell phone business...(sorta). 

* in 2005 SBC acquires AT&amp;T and adopts its name. (I know right?!)

* in 2006 AT&amp;T (yeah the AT&amp;T that is actually SBC...) acquires BellSouth and renames the latter’s Cingular wireless service to AT&amp;T.

And thus AT&amp;T Wireless is born.]

Throughout a *lot* of this period the "Cellular" industry was new and ...strange. A lot of players from the **old** landline telcom days were trying their hand. Sorta like the **old** cable companies dicking around with being ISP's.

tl;dr : It will all work out... eventually.

Edit to add: I feel I should link this as I stole (copy/paste) some of it for the above timeline. http://www.technologizer.com/2011/03/20/att-buys-t-mobile/ I remember the mergers and such, hell I'm old enough to remember when there was just one "phone company" before the breakup of Ma' Bell. (I come from a "telephone company" family as my mom and grandmother both worked for Ohio Bell what seems like million years ago and we actually owned stock in it. I remember the breakup and getting all these 'new' stocks from all these 'new' (smaller) regional phone companies.) Anyway, I thought I should throw that link up there for anyone interested. It has much more history than I posted.
Comcast clearly does not give a single fuck. Wow.
I just found out over the holidays that my parents are going to be paying $180 dollars a month. That's over two grand a year just to watch shitty reality TV full of ads, and basic internet.

Comcast can go fuck itself.
You gotta hand it to them. They sure don't give a darn.
Comcast just needs to gawn head and go out of business.
Every fucking year the price goes up and up and up.

But the service stays the same for about 5 years at a time.
Devil's gonna devil.
Where is the protection for the people? this is a bit to much! 
"We're experiencing losses due to customer dissatisfaction. To combat this, we're setting up new ways to fuck over the consumers even more to get it over with. Eventually they will roll over and realize they are our bitch."
It's like an idiot with a mental problem. Keep doing the same stupid shit and expecting everything to be ok. Haha dig your own grave you stupid bastards
It's getting to a point people will have to move to other cable markets to avoid Comcast like the plague.
Do all ISPs have data cap on broadband in the states? 
How is this company still in business? People are still buying their shit, despite everything??
Haha they just want to see how much shit they can pull before people start canceling service.
Unless you can match what Comcast is threatening the livelihood of the high cost of entry for any startup company that might compete with them.
What the hell is wrong with this company? Do they think that they're the act in town? Treating customers this shitty should result in a mass turnover of their board and executive staff (they are usually the ones to blame for such a mode of business operations). Bring on fresh people who understand the value and ongoing rewards of treating customers well. Okay, my rant is done...
They have better Mbps than uverse, with the same channels, for less money. Can someone point me to a better alternative?
What can I do IT support and when clients have issues with Comcast, changed to just internet with TDS.
Devil's advocate: I actually just signed up with comcast for the first time and they gave me 75mbps, 80 channels, and HBO for $45 a month. It's only good for a year but I'll just call and cancel when it's up, they'll probably hook me up just to keep me as a customer.
When you submit a complaint as well, but did not receive written correspondence like the FCC just forwarded it off in chunks to local service providers.
So can we get that kickstarter going to tar and feather the Comcast CEO and board of directors now?  Hell at this point I think I'd settle for egging their (many) cars and soaping the windows of their (massive) mansions...
How the fuck do we stop these guys?
There HAS to be a reason for acting the way they do. No CEO of a company just decides "let's do all of this shit that will make everyone hate us every day." I mean, no one's THAT stupid right?
Wow it's like they actively try to be an evil corporation which their customers hate
Cut my bill down to 45 dollars on just Internet by getting rid of their modem and a speed boost I didn't ask for. A month later, my next bill comes loaded with a partial rental charge, partial speed boost usage, and an increased monthly Internet bill at $66.95 which is what I was initially paying without their hardware and the speed boost for a grand total of $90.35. I can honestly say "Fuck you comcast" and I wouldn't doubt for a second that they'd jizz their pants.
I feel like we're all just helpless to Comcast. What can we possibly do to bring them down and allow for fair competition and shit. There's all these regulations and shit that prevent Google fiber from coming to certain territories and the companies that are already in my area don't come into each others turfs.

 I'm sick and tired of this shit. There are people in 3rd world countries with better internet than me. 

How's that fair? Fuck everything.
I paid a lot of money to get the fastest comcast has to offer and it was the only plan without a data cap. This month they slapped a 300 gb data cap on me. I guess they don't grandfather people in.
Our household said goodbye to Comcast just about a month ago. Traded our $100/mo bill for $35/mo. Goodbye and good riddance! 
I'm reminded of the game "Plague Inc" where most of the strategy is infecting the world as a non-lethal pathogen and once you infect everyone your turn lethal.  Another strategy is that once the general population grows more aware of your presence (as a pathogen) you suddenly need to become more lethal to outpace the cure rate.  Much like a disease...projecting/seeing its declining revenue, Comcast will only become more lethal in order to take as much as it can....while it can.

App idea:  you are a cable company seeking to take as much as you can before regulations and customers change so that no profit can feasibly be made.  You can create a sustainable business or be a total "Comcast" of a company.
Is there a list somewhere of where Comcast has a monopoly on the market in that given area?
This is the result of cable revenues collapsing over the last year.

To meet their quarterly results they have to jack up rates, and will consistently do so for the next 2 years as cable dies.
[rate hike!](https://youtu.be/qsWiKoGL86A?t=37s)
Obligatory "fuck comcast" comment. 
No regulation or competition. Take note "free market economists". This is what happens. 
http://imgur.com/gallery/fyTStmp
As a guy not living in the US, I always wonder: "why can't Google Fiber bring comcast to it's knees ?".

Is Google Fiber not available to most of the people in the US ?? And it's if not, it must only be a matter of time ?
in a perfect world President Bernie Sanders would break up all the big banks and media companies
This is why trying to beat them through regulation isn't going to work. Relying on the FCC to do anything clearly hasn't worked, they simply sit on their hands and give people an outlet to focus their rage whilst not actually doing anything about it and why would they, it's run by Obama's pal: a lobbyist that lobbied for these very companies in the past.

Regulations help Comcast believe it or not because they step on the little guy the hardest but if you want to fix the problem then you need to stop stepping on the little guy. These big companies can take a regulatory hit whilst small businesses can't. Regulations allow Comcast to keep competition out of the market and you cannot break something apart with regulations and pretend that you made competition, only the private sector can create competition if the government isn't continuously fucking with the process. Regulation is what made Comcast a monopoly in the first place and you want to do more of that?

Ultimately the only way you can ever get Comcast to change is if you have the ability to walk away and change to another internet service provider, aka **COMPETITION**. That evil capitalist thing that allows you to get the best possible services at the lowest prices. We shouldn't be forcing more regulations hoping that the government fixes our problems when it has no desire to do so, we should be deregulating it on all levels and allowing competition to flourish which will force Comcast to change their practices or lose their customers.

Clearly the "dirty practices" of deregulation are already happening with regulation so what do you have to lose then?
Anyone here actually honestly think ANYONE at Comcast's executive and management teams give 2 shits what the public thinks of them? When you have a firm duopoly/monopoly on the market, you can do what ever the hell you want to. This is the primary problem with free market with lacking oversight and regulations. Comcast and Time Warner spent years and billions acquiring smaller local companies to get exactly where they are at today. Now they stand unopposed controlling an absolutely vital infrastructure. 
It is just so hard for monopolies to make money when they have all those campaign donations to make.
This is the first level in the court system, and the copyright organisations has already filed for an appeal. Seeing how this is the first Swedish case of its kind it will likely end up in the supreme court eventually.

Still, it's hopeful that the district court rules in favor of the ISP. Swedish copyright laws are not intended for blockering websites, so the rightholders have to prove that the ISP is an accessory to copyright crime which some experts believe could set a dangerous precedent where ISP:s can be ordered to block pretty much anything unlawful that happens online (the ISP in question has said they might be forced to block Facebook because of illegal threats and racist comments). 
Good! // Average Swede
Refuses?  You mean legally has no basis to.
I wish UK would learn from this, unfortunately I don't see this happening. Good for Swedes though.
It's so naïve of these organisations to think they can block PirateBay, and other similar sites.  It's the internet - there's always a way to get on them.
Can't stop the hydra. LONG LIVE HYDRA.
No judicial branch of government should force ISPs to become agencies that dictate what website you should and should not visit.  If a website contains criminal information, it's the government's responsibility to shut it down.  Not the ISP.
Why should they? Why should anybody bow down to America's big media?
Yar har, a pirates life for me 
I can't get on tpb at all anymore. Shows a connection error. 
Have been blocked by my Danish ISP for a long time now, Dont really use torrents anyway, but still ridiculous, then again, a simple 2sec google search and you are good to go. Actually just tried to access it now and i guess since they change domain so often its not blocked anymore.
What would block be in this case? Would they just make the IPSs remove the site from their DNS-servers? 
Too bad TTIP will undo this decision.

Enjoy it while it lasts
Wait is TPB safe to use? I thought they got taken over by the FBI last year? I've been avoiding it all this time thinking it was a honeypot
Right up until the TPP goes into effect and the copyright holders waltz over to Sweden and threaten to sue everyone.
Imagine if this is how the US court behave,. That would be awesome..
If the courts don't crumple on this then the Swedes give me another reason to love their country. They already had much appreciation from me for providing Tomas Holmstrom, Nicklas Lidstrom, Henrik Zetterberg, Niklas Kronwall, and Gustav Nyquist. Now they get more if they hold their ground on this.
This is *huge* for freedom on the internet. We don't want the government in our internet.
In other news, no significant portion of Sweden's economy is effected by stolen media. 
Norway couldn't block Pirate Bay either, then we changed the law just to block Pirate bay..
Yeah free movies! ...I mean internet freedom!
It's a good thing we solved problems like world wars and world hunger, so that we could focus our attention on some kids who copied a shitty movie. 
I ended up staying so after I'd been to the isp to block a lot of content.
I imagine a news website somewhere has a news article titled 'Sweden Fails To Order ISP To Block Pirate Bay'.

Wording is powerful.
aww, I guess the corporates of the fourth estate will need a larger pair of jack boots. 
Sweden pirates.......winnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnng~~~
That's always been the problem here - not Norwegian ISPs were like them.
Chris Dodd is having a shit fit now.  (Good.)
Download all you can, winter is coming. 
sweden is the best country on earth
People still go on tpb nowadays? It's a mess after the last shakeup....
I didn't see this one coming!
If I'm not misstaken it's against Swedish law doing so, so it doesn't really matter how many companies there are trying to change that.
They scared.
Meh. Pirate Bay is just a bunch of Honeypots at this point, not really that reliable. I recommend using other sites for torrenting.
Again or is it the same as last week.
ISPs are not and should never be the gatekeepers of speech.
Portugal did it by dns. It's so silly, but it will probably keep the dumb fucks who wan't to try to ban it happy. I simply set my dns to 8.8.8.8 and it will acess piratebay with no problem. I use piratebay to download opensource software, obviously.
If Japan can fucking ignore international order to stop murdering hundreds of fucking whales- then Sweden can refuse to block the god damn pirate bay
People still use Pirate Bay?
As a pot smoking atheist Bernie Sanders supporter I think that piracy should be legal fucking corporate pigs expect money for their goods and services it's disgusting. You can't steal 1's and 0's you stupid sheep.
This and the fact that you don't get to choose if you update or not is why I haven't switched. I've had enough bad experiences with updates that I now wait a month to see what problems people have before I switch. There is no way I am letting Microsoft update without my consent automatically.
I bet 90% of the peiple in this thread are using Chrome right now.

GUESS WHAT GUYS
The problem is eventually they may give in and add an off switch, but then there will be an announcement and it will be a thing. If they just put it in there to begin with, people wouldn't have gone looking for it unless they were poking around or tech minded. now it will be a media event and more people will click it than would have if it was part of the OS on day one. They shot themselves in the foot with this one.
"By default Windows 10 Home is allowed to control your bandwidth usage, install any software it wants whenever it wants (without providing detailed information on what these updates do), display ads in the Start Menu (currently it has been limited to app advertisements), send your hardware details and any changes you make to Microsoft and even log your browser history and keystrokes which the Windows End User Licence Agreement (EULA) states you allow Microsoft to use for analysis."  
Source: http://www.forbes.com/sites/gordonkelly/2015/11/02/microsoft-confirms-unstoppable-windows-10-tracking/  
Microsoft Admits Windows 10 Automatic Spying Cannot Be Stopped
"We're collecting telemetry off of your system and you don't get a choice of whether you like that or not. Also, it's none of your fucking business what we do with that."

Seriously, who the fuck do they think they are?
I remember sitting through a presentation from MS where they showed what they use their telemetry data on. It was a short thing about how they were able to detect some kind of issue that was draining batteries on a certain model laptop. Using the data they were able to issue a patch that increased battery life and performance on that particular model. It was pretty cool stuff.

Is that the data we're talking about here? An off switch seems like a good idea in general but at the same time that's a pretty good use case.
&gt;Well, that's not entirely true, because Windows 10 Enterprise users can disable all data -- including telemetry data -- from being sent back to Microsoft. 

Actually, no... you can not. Even the enterprise versions still phone home. No one... except MS, knows what data is being sent.

Multiple experts (and others) have vetted and verified this. The info is all over the web.

People set up experiments with Win10 machines and monitored their activity over time, and showed without a doubt, that even after having jumped multiple technological hoops (backing off on updates, making reg edits, etc..)... being savvy, they were NOT able to fully disable the operating system's ability to send 'something' back to home base.
When I first read about Windows 10 and this recording shit being hard to impossible to disasble I thought, I'll just avoid Win 10 as much I can.

Then, when I read that these elements are being wrapped back into Windows 7 and 8.x as "recommended" updates, I had enough. Naturally this is going to be applied to anyone trying to get all the updates.

So what did I do?

I switched to Ubuntu. I play all the games I want (League of Legends, Diablo 3, Starcraft 2, CS:GO, DotA2, Alien: Isolation, and so much more).

It runs faster, I have full control over the environment, oh and the updates are way faster.

What's your excuse? It's hard? Yeah right, easiest fucking OS of my life. I don't even have to go looking for drivers.

www.ubuntu.com come join me, let's have fun, together :)

I'll gladly help anyone with any questions or any problems they may have.
The fact that ms forces restarts is a downer to anyone who requires uptime for scientific reasons.
Microsoft is starting to look more like google with their "as a service" bullshit. It makes me feel like I'm just borrowing my own computer. 
It's never too late to switch to software that respects your freedom.
I actually prefer it, I hate fixing pcs and waiting hours for all the updates from the last year to install. To the avg person this will keep their computer up to date and running better. The couple problems I had when I upgraded to 10 were solved in updates within the first couple of weeks. The data that is sent to Microsoft is usually crash reports and system information like hardware changes. This helps with addressing problems. You guys say updates break everything but there is just so much hardware out there, how is Microsoft suppose to know that their updates broke a bunch of pcs if those pcs disabled data collection. Its no like apple, apple limits the hardware and can test out their os on all their hardware. There are so many pcs with countless hardware configurations, they cannot test everything and if you guys hate it so much why not get a mac. 
You can use this AntiBeacon program to disable all communication easily: http://www.guru3d.com/files-details/anti-beacon-for-windows-10-download.html
Aren't they still giving Win 10 away free to Win 7 and upward users? Making money on the OS does not seem to be the issue, the telemetry and their need to have it is. Why has watching users habits surplanted profits? (Reverted to Win 7 on my main system and am trying out Win 10 on my beta system. So far I still like Win 7. I run spybot antibeacon on both.)
An off switch that actually does stop the data collection will never happen. They aren't asking if you want to upgrade because they want Windows 10 to be mandatory. It was designed &amp; built with data collection in mind &amp; distributed for free to further that purpose. Microsoft &amp; the NSA are thick as thieves. Xbox One was poised to be the leading game console this generation &amp; it's no coincidence M$ claimed "the system couldn't operate without the HD camera &amp; microphone always enabled". Think about that for a minute. Had Snowden not given the world the information he did there would have been an always on HD camera &amp; microphone in multi-millions of homes around the world. Couple that with the Windows 10 "free" push &amp; you've got yourself one hell of a data collection network paid for by unwitting consumers. Unwarranted data collection is wrong, plain and simple. If they believe you're doing wrong, they could get a warrant &amp; follow the law. No one should be above the law. NO ONE! 
I phoned up Microsoft telling them on windows 10 my PC fan goes on over-drive and I didn't have this problem on windows 7. The person told me "software can't affect hardware" till this day I'm still mind fucked.
The only reason I have a computer with windows on it, is for games. If I want to do anything not games I certainly don't use windows. So they can have my telemetry data. If I'm going to process sensitive data, I'll use a secure environment.
Do we have to make some kind of crack to prevent unauthorized internet usage by windows, just to disable these spying features?

That would be nice
Nah, go ahead and keep driving people to Linux. It's better for the industry that way.
This either ends with Microsoft telling us that the "free win10 upgrade" requires giving them telemetry and purchased copies don't do it OR someone at Microsoft bunks up and it gets turned into a massive key logging scandal.

I'm taking bets now.
I've had it with Microsoft's excuses.  I've had 35 years of their BS and it is only getting worse, it is time for a more permanent change.  If you're smart you will vote with your wallet and numbers, as I am about to do.  There are other alternatives that are as easy to use.
They wouldn't give it out for free if they couldn't collect your data. 
I love Windows 7 and don't plan on getting away from it anytime soon. 
As does Android and iOS.... 
This will probably be buried, but hopefully someone sees this.

What information specifically should I be afraid of Microsoft having? The article uses the word "telemetry"; is the article arguing that I should be upset on principle, or are they collecting personal and private data that is inherently invasive?
They did fight the government pretty hard in the 90's, but they lost, and ever since then have been on the dark side.

What pisses me off is the Linux community is so fragmented that all the applications they come up with are shit compared to what the evil empire can produce with it's army of highly paid minions.
The problem is consumers don't care. There are companies and products out there that don't collect your data as heavily but consumers either bash it or ignore it. 

Complaining about an issue is not going to make Microsoft realize it needs to stop. Losing sales is.
Still waiting for someone to prove Microsoft is "spying" on me, and no, sending telemetry data on crashes isn't spying. These articles keep getting posted and everytime its just a circlejerk of people saying how they are having their "privacy invaded" and "we should switch to a company that cares about us" when there has been NO PROOF of anything. You are all literally just assuming bad things are happening just because bad things happen. Guilty until proven innocent is a great way of going about things.
What about the data usage? As I presume, because you can't choose when or what to update, Win10 will start downloading a huge update as soon as you log in to your mobile phone's 1GB of mobile data tethering?? Or am I missing here something?
One could just move to linux if this is bothers one so much. And if you play games make a dual-boot or install linux on a VM and use that to surf the web and do your stuff and only use win10 for gaming.
My trust level with Microsoft is at zero and I would not trust them if they said they had rolled back the data harvesting.
I think there are large numbers of turned away of customers who they'd win with that OFF switch. It'd be a good move business-wise too.
&gt; "And in the case of knowing that our system that we've created is crashing, or is having serious performance problems, we view that as so helpful to the ecosystem, and so not an issue of personal privacy, that today, we collect that data so that we make that experience better for everyone," he said during an interview.

Bullshit. Bullshit. Bullshit. We've been optionally sending back "Crash Reports" for decades now and I've never seen a Windows fix attributed to this "telemetry".

Prove to me those optional, user-initiated submissions were actually used to track down and fix large quantities of Windows bugs and I *might* begin to believe you. But I seem to remember there were a **lot** of prominent XP bugs that never got fixed. Even with the option to send crash logs to Microsoft. Then there was ME and Vista.

Until then I'm going to view this as nothing more than more of the same marketing power-grab and control decision-making that brought us Win8 and the fucking horrid Metro/"Modern" bullshit.

Microsoft, you need to get the fucking marketing people out of engineering.
I took the bait on the free update. By the time the "upgrade" was finished I had already decided I wanted to go back to Linux. My computer is supposed to work for me and no one else. Unless I specifically give them a user account what happens on my machines is none of their business. They exercised their rights. I exercised mine. Everyone is happy.
We live in the 21st century, I dont know about anyone esle but I work from home win10 data collection is simply not an option for me.

I really feel they are hurting themselves in an emergent market with people who work from home.
I am **SUPER** suspicious of Microsoft. Call me a conspiracy theorist, but more and more it seems that Microsoft is trying to get into your data and I think they are doing it on behalf of the government.

The Snowden leaks hadn't happened yet, but the whole XBox One release already stank. **Make the system cost $100 more than the competitor's by making an unpopular add-on mandatory** (one that has a camera and microphone and actually cannot be shut off by the user)? **Inexplicably requiring the system to be connected to the internet at all times**? Both of these things Microsoft rolled back on due to hurt sales, but the fact that they tried them and the fact that the government has huge contracts with Microsoft makes me very suspicious.

Now Microsoft releases a free OS worldwide that has in its terms of use that they can **read and collect your emails**? Damn.
I knew all this, still installed Windows 10 and don't regret it. OK so I 'did' turn Cortana off as I don't like the idea of my mic being able to record conversations without my consent (yes, the chances are tiny but I still don't feel comfortable with it) and I won't use Edge because of the data capture. But the rest? Doesn't bother me tbh. Could they have handled it better? Obviously
No Windows, I don't want to get Office 365. No Windows, I already have my OneDrive set up. Go the fuck away.
Not only are they not doing this, but they have added a lot of this spying crap to windows 8, 8.1, and 7. All done via windows updates.

If you don't want a big greedy corporation that's in bed with the NSA spying on you, then you need to stop using their products. Vote with your feet.


Since Apple is no better, the only other option I can think of is [Linux](http://www.linuxmint.com/index.php). I know a lot of people don't like that idea, and the prejudice is really prevalent .. but have you *actually tried it*? The link above is possibly the friendliest operating system around. It is also a 'live-cd' no commitments needed, and it is fully functional (but slower) when booting from the CD, no installation needed. If you don't like it, you can just toss the disc .. except they make great rescue discs in case of windows being broken or some nasty spyware.


Not only does it come with a fully functional office suite, various games, a browser and all the familiar flash stuff, but you can even choose from 3 'window managers'. A window manager it what defines the 'look and feel', so one is rather Mac-like, another has a bit more of a Windows feel to it, and the other is minimalist but significantly faster on older computers.
I don't get the reaction people have to Linux. You say "Linux isn't good for the vast majority of computer users", and when asked why you say "Cause it doesn't have Photoshop and doesn't get most of the big AAA games." 

*Except those aren't things that the vast majority of computer users want!*

90% of your average users use their computers to browse the web, do email, write and edit documents, communicate over Skype or whatnot, and manage media like photos and music. 

And for those 90% of people Linux is perfect, because it's light, free, easy to use, secure, highly resistant to malware, and extremely reliable, and has all the software they're likely to need in easy to use app stores.

You might say it's got hardware compatibility issues but I haven't seen a single computer in the past few years that Linux hasn't run on with audio/printing/networking/etc. working out of the box with no tweaking at all. That's more than you can say for Windows. 

So before you bash it, realize that even if it isn't for you, it's perfectly fine and maybe even better than Windows for the vast majority of people. 
[deleted]
 As an engineer, I would guess that it boils down to prioritization of features. Given a fixed schedule and resources,  this type of feature is typically a great candidate to be punted.  Not because Microsoft feels "entitled", but because it is a feature which adds a disproportionate amount of complexity (=development time) for relatively little end-user benefit.  It requires coordination across a large number of teams - the client-side telemetry folks, the team which does the Group Policy stuff, the shell team who needs to expose the UI for configuration, the back-end telemetry team which needs to tweak their algorithms to account for statistical skews intoduced by non-random sampling, etc.  

In other words, to ship Win10 with rich(er) telemetry controls they would have had to cut some other significant feature. And in the parallel universe in which that occurred there is an identical  ZDNet article complaining about the lack of that other feature, claiming that it is proof that Microsoft feels entitled etc.

Disclaimers:  A) I'm not a native English speaker so plz excuse my punctuation.  B) I am a Microsoft employee, but not one involved in the development of Windows 10.  So this is purely speculation.
LOL, this is a really dumb idea.

The REAL customers for Win10 are the consumers of the very data Microsoft is collecting. Why would they ever turn it off?

No, if you don't want Microsoft collecting data on you, vote with your dollar (and PC) and don't use their products/services. That's the best "off switch" one can buy and it's completely free.
They will never do this. They don't care what we want. I still have Windows 7, and I followed a tutorial for removing the GWX program and some of the data collection programs. A week or two later, that fucking GWX icon was back. The only solution is to block all updates, I guess.
I guess I'm the weird guy who kind of likes 10?
But microsoft already gave it away "for free". How will they ever spy on everyone and make money doing it if they put in an off switch?
people are forgetting that the vast majority of people realy do not give a damn...
What Windows 10 really needs is to stop telling me to upgrade to Windows 10
They already have one. Enterprise edition and group policy. They just need to expose that to Pro.
Makes no sense. The average Joe doesn't know enough about the system or care enough to look for an off switch. They'd get plenty of telemetry from non-power users. 
"Needs to?" Microsoft doesn't "need to" do shit. What are you going to do, stop using Windows?
Or just avoid the suspiciously free OS and use the one that was fine before.
If you're only looking at apps that are not terribly graphics intensive, and need things like Visual Studio or MS office and can't use libre office or open office: Solution: Ubuntu or Fedora; Oracle Virtualbox + Windows VM.

Install your apps and keep a clone.

Take a snapshot every time you fire it up, or install updates or software - you can roll it back, and it's outside of the OS so viruses / malware can't do crap to it.

Hell, if you're not big on permanence and save things to a protected share, you don't even have to register anything . Just spin the clone back up when things expire.
They 'need to'?

We already swallowed that horse pill by installing Win10 to begin with, accepting the bargain. There's no going back unless the market changes in our, the consumer's favor.

Aka Microsoft loses a portion of their market share.
Can we just make the "data collection version" free, and the "regular version" paid?
Two new pieces of Win10 that bother me the most:
* Private file contents could somehow be uploaded or inspected by Microsoft 
* Any risk of keylogging no matter how small opts me out of the Win10 OS

I'm planning on running Win 8.1 with all the recent telemetry updates removed and when the time comes move to Linux except for any machines built for gaming.

Or... people just don't need to use Windows 10 :p

Windows 7 or even 8.1 is an ok choice if you **have** to use Windows, but even these operating systems are quickly becoming a spyware haven thanks to official updates (who would have thought you had to worry about spyware from official updates).

If you care about your privacy, Linux and even FreeBSD (and other free BSD derivatives) are great choices for an operating system.

I can easily understand the usual non-IT person not wanting to jump right into one of these operating systems, but sysadmins for such people should really consider pushing other operating systems more. I know plenty of people who only browse the web and play casual browser games every now and then, and yet my local computer shop barely even knows what Linux is (and won't even mention it as an install choice), but will gladly toss Windows 10 with AVG antivirus on such computers without a second guess or care for the user.

I do small-time computer repair and while I charge a reasonable price for administrating Windows machines, I cut rates in-half for Linux/BSD installs just because I want to see more people using it.
Why would they?
Just get a VT-d compliant PC and a fresh copy of OpenSuse 13.2 (Linux), and run Windows in a virtual machine with direct i/o access, and 95% (at least) 3d driver efficiency. I switched about a month ago, and in many ways, Linux is way more advanced than Windows. Don't let anyone tell you it's too hard, that's bs. 
"We don't give a shit when there's money to be made."

-the tech industry on the human right to privacy
It's too late.  The fact that there is a way to "turn it off" and that it turns out to not actually do anything, they have lost all trust.  Even if they put an off switch and say "this time it will really work" how do we actually trust them?

I'm sticking with Linux.  Sane companies need to start thinking about doing the same.  Instead of spending all that money on ridiculous licensing schemes of commercial software spend that money on hiring a team of programmers/Linux admins to build an environment from ground up using in house software.  
They're NOT going to get into a privacy brawl with the public. The vast and overwhelming majority of people simply don't care, even if you're taking away some right or liberty.

If you want to see how far things can go without the public investing the effort to acknowledge it, just look at the police forces in America, or the executive agencies unchecked by law.

NO ONE IS GOING TO DO SHIT OR SAY SHIT ABOUT MS SILENTLY COLLECTING DATA.
Windows can suck a huge dick as far as I'm concerned, I only use their products to the extent that I have to
ZDNet still exists?
Windows 7 Ultimate 64bit Masterrace reporting in!
Windows 10 solved a lot for me. 7 was okay. 
It already has this. The off switch is just split in to 10 or so sub-switches that you have to find. Windows 10 mini game 
How about a "Windows Defender" off switch as well?  Because in Windows 10 Home, there is absolutely no way to turn off Windows Defender real time scanning permanently.  You either use Defender real time scanning, or you install another AV and turn on *its* real time scanning. 

There is no group policy to edit.  You can't touch the registry key even with admin privileges, and you can't touch the privilege editor dialog.  You can't delete the Defender exe.  **Windows 10 has more control over your computer than you do.**
There's a switch you can get on your PC that does that. It's called Linux.
Or, we all need to move to a better OS.
   
 
^linux

It's telemetry. It's great. They don't know your emails and they don't know what you type. They just notice problems and how people use their PCs. Not for exactly what they do, but their habbits. 

People are only freaking out over this because they have no idea what it is. I honestly think Microsoft are a lot better at handling data than any other big tech company I can think of.
Google does it, no one bats an eyelash, MS does it, OMG muh privacies!
Men the circlejerk against Microsoft is neverending
So much misinformation/ignorance in this thread.

Alot of the problems people are having with Windows 10 are easily fixed.
Why do they need to do it? They're pretty up front about what they collect and it's fairly minimal stuff. They're not doing what google, an advertising company, does and goes out of their way to obscure. Why the huge double standard? 
Windows 10 sucks anyway.
Yes. My "update available" notice is being ignored until it happens...
No they don't. People need to realize this is the way of things and be thinking more about how the data is used, not if it is collected.

If it is not identifying and not able to be used in a malicious manner, it is a non issue.
This is the reason I will stick with 7 for the immediate future
I actually know people who work at Microsoft and they have told me that the data that Windows 10 collects has more to do with how you are using the OS (what features you use, what buttons you are pressing to access certain screesn, etc.) rather than what movies you watch or what website you visit. And it is never tied to any specific email address or user. This data is then used to improve the user interface. Isn't this a good thing?
There are ways to turn this shit off, but it's a PITA.
agree - in the meantime **o&amp;o shutup10** does this free thus far.
If something is free - YOU are the product. 

Happy google, youtube, facebook, twitter time.
I switched to Linux Mint and I am installing Windows Server in Virtualbox tonight. Ironically planning to not use it again (at home) after I earn my MCSE. Buying an Xbox on Black Friday, though. I use an iphone and an ipad and after reading about this so much lately, I have no more need or desire for personal Microsoft products. If I can get a linux phone and tablet (in the USA) I will switch to them and dump Apple, too. 
TL:DR Steal the Enterprise Edition you cannot afford instead of purchasing the consumer version you can.
Or just don't install it.
My PC, my rules.

If I wanted a company to decide everything for me, I would buy an Apple device.
These fears are unwarranted.  Microsoft is being slammed for being transparent.  Apple, Google.... they're collecting your data like MAD and have been for years.   The only difference is they're not telling you idiots, you need to enjoy your blissful ignorance.
Anyone here been able to play Japanese bootlegs on 10 yet? Once they have compatability with all the software I use I MAY take them up on this free offer.
Why would they do that? It suits them to make it hard for you to shut down data collection.
&gt;In fact, I can't understand why Microsoft wants to get into a privacy brawl with Windows 10 users at such a critical time.

Remember X Box One? That was a pretty critical release, too. MS chose to get into fights over used games, persistent Internet requirements, and mandatory persistent camera connection. And it hurt them. They did it anyway. 

MS seems to specialize in getting into unnecessary fights with their users. Pain caused them by doing this teaches them nothing. 
So should I upgrade or not? WWJD?!
Pre Windows 10, I was using both Windows (7) and Debian (Jessie) on the PC, but often would default some things to Windows. Now, I have opened Windows probably twice (mostly to allow it to update) since installing it. It's basically just there if I need it, but I won't miss it that much if I "accidentally" format over it.
eli5: why cant someone make 3rd party software to do this?
Even if they do provide this 'off switch', what's to stop them from burying other data collection stuff? It's not like they really told us about the other stuff before people found out about it. Why should they be trusted?
my sides are in orbit
Yeah, I'd rather buy my OS, then have the cost be my information.

I feel like going the extreme and saying once Win7 is no longer supported I'll be switching to some linux based OS.  Gaming will hopefully be far enough along by that point to make Linux more viable.

Good article though.  I would be happy with those measures if implemented.  One 'everything off' switch would be a nice thing.
The fact that there's no off switch is the whole point of Windows 10.  
This is just a reminder that the more concerning data usage collection (browsing etc.) can be turned off. It's still a concern though.
Having never really looked at how much data Windows' Telemetry uses over a given period (say a month), and given the fact that we're seeing articles about Comcast imposing data caps on more and more markets, is there any cause for concern as it's related to the above statements? I can't imagine Telemetry uses too much data, but it also wouldn't be the first MS program to be an inefficient data hog. 
My point being it would be pretty annoying to hit a data cap on something you have no option of turning off, if that's a possibility. If that happens, I don't have much faith in Comcast understanding and not charging you for the overage. 
/r/thatwillhappen
No they don't.  People will buy/upgrade regardless.  They only need to put in a data collection "off switch" if enough people switch to a more privacy sensitive alternative in response. And, 'enough people' here is a number probably far in excess of all non-windows users in existence today.
Im going into Privacy by Design. This off switch is on the way. 
Of course, we all know they're not going to.
They'll release it with the paid version of Windows 10
there are ways to disable telemetry with batch files.  this tool does it plus a whole load of other things:
https://www.reddit.com/r/tronscript  
I'm sure someone could isolate just the telemetry commands.

Could always install the long term servicing branch.
Or leave it for free and pay if you want a off switch?
Maybe try adding the domain/s to your hosts file with the ip 127.0.0.1?
Okay - as soon as Google and Apple do the same.
[deleted]
Personally I don't care about the telemetry crap, but enough people do (and foreseeably so) where Microsoft really should have implemented a way to turn it off.
A "fuck you!"-switch would be nice too...
And I need to lose weight

are either of those happening? Not in this lifetime
 Im stilll a bit confused. What data does microsoft collect already?
MS could help their case if they could point to something useful they learned/fixed from all that telemetry: Troubles activating, high mem/cpu usage, slow start times, repeated updates to worse drivers... Just scroll through /r/windows and /r/Windows10 for examples, MS!

It sounds like the kind of data that *could* be helpful, if it actually was used to benefit end user experience!
/r/intrusiveshowerthoughts
I'm patiently waiting for the day SteamOS will be a viable option to PC gaming and I'll finally remove Windows from my life once and for all. 
I've already set Steam as my shell so I don't have to interact with Windows so much. life is so much better without that huge piece of malware. 
My advice would be not to hold your hand tightly over your ass until Microsoft provides the "off switch" feature.
Jokes on them, my history of watching Amateur Midget Clown Porn is taking up valuable memory somewhere.
All my friends have off switches. 
Might be some kind of fallout from their OW blues though.
O&amp;O Shutup. Google it, not a silver bullet, but the best option given the circumstances! 

edit: http://www.oo-software.com/en/shutup10  or http://www.majorgeeks.com/news/story/new_on_majorgeeks_oo_shutup10.html
I don't mind data collection for usability studies or bug fixes

If targeted advertising actually worked, only showing me ads for products I was actually interested in, I would prefer it to the current advertising world

Given that most ads are irrelevant to me, it's hard to imagine they could get worse with data collected from Windows


You lost me at crackpot theories.
Microsoft Windows 10 is been designed keeping in mind the android devices where all application that we use are having full access to your phone and can see so many things. 
That article was basically:

Part 1 this i something that's happening, but there's nothing wrong with it what so ever, but people don't want it for reasons that are not true so MC should remove it.

Part 2. This is THE solution for MC in 3 steps, which is just different ways of not getting the data they want. 

Part 3. If you want to stop it, you can probably download a third party program to remove it, but third party programs are shady and dangerous. Here's a third party program.
Does anyone know of after market products to install that block the data from being sent for windows 10?
oh rly ?


But they "can't"
You just have to turn off the switch that cares!  
Microsoft said; No. What now?

Then they would have to charge for it, remember if something is free **you** are the product
OP and article, did you miss every complaint on the first week of release or something?
I constantly get notifications to update my office too. Pretty much:

"We see you paid for Office 2007. Would you like to pay for the most recent version of Office too?"

Why? People don't care Google, Facebook showed this.
I don't get how they can label the Snowden NSA/GCHQ allegations as crackpot theories. Unless I picked up wrongly, wasn't there good evidence suggesting that they already have a lot of capability in terms of access to private systems? Is it really a crackpot theory to suggest that the Windows 10 data collection is done in part to feed information about suspects through to NSA/GCHQ? I mean the UK government are currently trying to publicly legitimise this level of spying by asking ISP's to record the web history of all their customers.
How about just a bigger off switch?
At this point, would you really believe it's off?
meh, the data that they are collected doesn't mean anything about anyone... why bother?

updates though, I understand
Why ?

You plebs, you are licensing a OS, shut your dirty mouth. 
Microsoft needs to fit Windows 7 with a 'no I don't want to upgrade stop asking me' switch.
On a prominent torrent site, I saw several links to "Destroy Windows 10 spying" which modifies host files and other config options.

Has anyone else used this or know about it?
Microsoft could tell you they implemented the switch and they could tell you that if you turn that switch off, it will send no more data, but since we don't have access to the source code, we can *never* know for sure.
For medical use, the Canadian Medical Protective Association (doctor insurer) has recommended doctor's don't use Windows 10 without turning off a boat-load of features in the OS. I wonder if it's possible to make a script to do all of them in one shot. Would need to run with administrator privileges but it would be possible?
They should but they won't. It's their new business model. Data mining, it's all the rage.
I really like W10 and I had to switch to it because of DX12, but everything on my new pc is pirated, so all the spying is the only thing that kind of makes me a bit worried. I'm hoping a proper, safe and easy to use "turn off spying" program will be developed real soon. Then again, I doubt w7 didn't do at least a bit of spying anyway and I'm still alright.
There ar hundreds of tutorials which show you how do exactly what the title says.

[This is a free tool](http://www.oo-software.com/en/shutup10) to disable all* of Windows 10 spying
they dont *need* to do anything of the sort. they should do that though, but they wont because they have nothing to lose from doing it.
What's the monetary incentive for them to do that?  Are they losing any customers in any significant amount? Are they gaining revenue by collecting the data?
Ok that's a nice opinion, when are we forcing Apple and Google to do the same with IoS and Android?

/s
Considering the current practices with aggresive pushing W10 upgrade to users who doesn't want it at all and how "telemetry" is invasive in its current form, I am darn sure that even they would add such "off switch" there would be still some hidden data mining. They wouldn't give up so easily.

Also, there's still place for doubts about how "telemetry" is being really used in W10 and with whom - US authorities (mostly, but other govt's as well) are eager to spy on their citizens in any way they can and this is not some "crackpot theory" as Kingsley-Hughes said but reality; the chance that biggest IT companies, corporations aren't working with govt's to compromise our security and privacy is really low.
Does android or apple have a data collection off switch? No? So why are idiots complaining about Windows when their phones do the same thing?
they wont do this, they see how much money google makes from data mining. they can get suckers to buy their os then they also mine them. fucking jackpot.  makes wolves of wall street look like boy scouts.
So...Google collects data from our browser, phone, email, tv, etc, but when Windows 10 does it we're all freaked out like it's an unheard of practice?
I know /r/technology hates Macs, but for the OS X users out there, if you're curious about how to enable/disable similar features within the System Preferences app:

1. [Security &amp; Privacy:](http://i.imgur.com/tV1URAw.png) you can enable/disable diagnostics &amp; usage data.

2. [App Store:](http://i.imgur.com/XRKEjiJ.png) you can enable/disable automatic updates.
http://imgur.com/gallery/oQDnY
they dont need to do SHIT! If you dont like it, dont use it! 
Why people feel so self important. What do you think you have so important that microsoft will take? Your pictures? Your porn collections? Your click history? All of them are being collected by other companies anyway. Only think microsoft collecting is your device usage. With the data the collect they were able to detect some kind of issue that was draining batteries on a certain model laptop. Using the data they were able to issue a patch that increased battery life and performance on that particular model. It was pretty cool stuff.
So basically I should hold on to Windows 7?
*Quietly tells MacBook not to upgrade to El Capitan till he can back up his hard drive*
you need to get linux that has a data collection 'off switch'.
IIRC the /r/tronscript turns this stuff off, so there's gotta be a powershell command for it.
Or it doesn't... because almost everyone will use it either way.
Wouldn't it be possible to just edit hosts to disable update servers from contacting your PC? 
If we have the IP's which are collecting this data why not send them so much data as to overwhelm their servers, this is really shitty of them.
But then Google would become a data collecting monopoly. And then they would get broken up. And then our services would no longer sync   :(. Think about what you're asking for OP
Did people think Microsoft was going to give away Windows 10 for free and not find a way to make you pay for it? This isn't about 'improving experience', it's about mining the motherload of private data that has - in recent years - become elaborately monetized.
Microsoft "needs" to do this, eh?

What the article should say is "I want Microsoft to stop spying on me," or even "Microsoft's mandatory spying is bad for consumers," but not "Microsoft needs to..."

What MS NEEDS to do, as a corporation, is make money and work within the laws. What they're doing is an affront to customers, security, privacy, and integrity; but is not (yet) outside the law, and will potentially make them money.

LOL people complain about this but nothing bead has ever happened to me using a new OS from anyone. Guess it is only a matter of time.
I have two new SSDs arriving today.  I'm pulling out my Windows 10 drives and installing Linux Mint on both my daily drivers.  The Windows drives will be reinstalled -maybe- when Microsoft delivers a "Switch" to turn off telemetry as mentioned in the article.

Until then, I've fucking had it with corporate buffoonery.  My data, my choice.  Fix your shit.
Microsoft has been shipping malware for quite some time now. 
Have a read: https://www.gnu.org/philosophy/malware-microsoft.html 
There is a reason the upgrade was free. 
Data is valuable. You're asking a company to give up money?
They don't need to do anything.

It's your responsibility to use an OS that you feel comfortable using. If you don't want your data collected don't use Windows 10.
Yeah I going to switch to Linux.
I turned the auto-update off, Windows is downloading updates but not installing. The problem that I have is that every day, blue ugly window will popup and ask me to install updates. Normally I would press cancel but guess what :D, there is only "INSTALL UPDATES" button. I have to click that button and then another window will popup so I can choose which updates I want to install. It is annoying. However since I am not playing that many games recently, I have plans to switch to Linux Ubuntu or Mint or OS X. I will see...
I wish there could be a way to completely uninstall Cortana. I'm on a fucking desktop and have absolutely no use for it, and it is one of the biggest resource hogs from what I can see in Task Manager. 

I followed a tutorial to remove it, and it still winds up coming back a few days later.
But then why would they give it away for free if they couldn't take all your juicy and succulent personnel information to use in there marketing schemes?
Is Microsoft going to be sued into bankruptcy when (and it's a question of "When" not "If") a hacker gets into a Windows 10 installation at (Insert name of Important Target) and the hackers turn on keystroke logging and redirect the surveillance to their home servers?  Because that's exactly what is going to happen and, when it does, how is Microsoft going to claim this is not their fault?

Their surveillance tools, excuse me, DATA COLLECTION tools are intrusive, a ridiculous security vulnerability, and extremely unsettling. How is this shit legal?
Nothing pisses me off more than having Windows start downloading an update in the background (even though I've got all my settings on manual only) as I'm in the middle of a video game where other people are relying on me.  Causing the game to lock up, or the internet speed to crash causing massive lag.

Seriously Windows, Fuck you!  I'll schedule the updates when I fucking feel like it at 4am when I'm sleeping.  Not allowing me to choose the updates and when is one of the major things that make me never want to upgrade to Windows 10.
Win 7 will be my last MS OS.  
Why would Microsoft not do that, if Apple and Google do that to a much worse extent?
I agree 100%.  
  
Microsoft would be wise to make their OS 'slim' and get rid of the bloat.  Stop invading our privacy.
Windows 7 for life homie. 
Enjoying your ass rape Microsoft apologists?
I'm sure they'll get right on that.
I feel like Microsoft has a bunch of people on the payroll peppering forums with positive words about windows 10.
Switch to linux people...it's as good as this thing if not better.
This is so stupid, I am amazed people are so gullible as to believe that the data is their email and documents being collected. As someone who both is a computer user and a windows insider, I selected to allow the data to improve the programs to be collected and sent to Microsoft. I can tell you what is being collected and sent is operation data not your personal porn collection. Sometimes the abject lunacy of what the ill-informed spew out in these screeds is appallingly retarded. What possible use would Microsoft have to collect your docs and photos? Do you even stop to think about stuff or does the kneejerk reaction just flow without any application of common sense at all? Tell you what, go buy a manual typewriter and a leave the rest of us in peace. Maybe the old tech joke is right, put the computer back in the box and return it to the store, your too paranoid and dumb to be using one.
Or- (and this is a crazy idea,) maybe Microsoft could actually just make an operating system that isn't fucking spyware.
&gt; Remember whose computer it is. Never lose sight of that.

Microsoft's. You are the user, not the owner. Your controls are limited. With UEFI, maybe even the hardware belongs to the manufacturer instead of you.

This is a problem that I think will continue to get worse before it gets better.
I'm sure those same people have never visited a https site.
I just realized how dangerous Twitter can be to our democracy, safety, and way of life.

&gt; "It takes an order of magnitude more energy to refute bullshit than to produce it"

Is a very true quote, and Twitter's 140 character limit sits *squarely* on the side of the bullshit creators.

Dana Perino tweets in response to the Paris Attack

&gt; "Also, F Snowden. F him to you know where and back."

How is anyone supposed to use logic to refute that statement in 140 characters (less when you have to include her twitter handle)?

Twitter is *the perfect platform* for ignorant people to spout bullshit with impunity.
Yeah, encryption is the true root of why terrorism happens. If only the Lockerbie bomber, African embassy bomber, WTC bomber, OKC bomber, 9/11 hijackers, Beirut barracks bombers, etc didn't have AES-256 encryption!!!!
Let's just ban keeping secrets by law, that's much easier.
They're right, I'm sure the terrorists would have used a breakable encryption if it was illegal to use unbreakable encryption.

I can't imagine anyone would be willing *to break the law* while plotting to kill people.
Yep, caught a little snippet of the 'Morning Joe' program this morning, the NYPD police chief was on complaining that they had trouble getting intelligence because "the manufacturers claim that even they can't get into their product after its been deployed".   
Hey, you gotta blame somebody... and *rarely* are the actual perpetrators of such actions blamed in society.

Instead, the establishment points the blame at whoever or whatever they dislike at the moment. They also sieze the opportunity when a tragedy occurs to chip away at more of our rights.
It's a pretty ludicrous idea that people would blame Snowden, as we've been told for years before him that terrorists use encryption and stay off phones and email. Not to mention...

&gt; One key premise here seems to be that prior to the Snowden reporting, The Terrorists helpfully and stupidly used telephones and unencrypted emails to plot, so Western governments were able to track their plotting and disrupt at least large-scale attacks. That would come as a massive surprise to the victims of the attacks of 2002 in Bali, 2004 in Madrid, 2005 in London, 2008 in Mumbai, and April 2013 at the Boston Marathon. How did the multiple perpetrators of those well-coordinated attacks — all of which were carried out prior to Snowden’s June 2013 revelations — hide their communications from detection?

That's from the real source of the story, https://theintercept.com/2015/11/15/exploiting-emotions-about-paris-to-blame-snowden-distract-from-actual-culprits-who-empowered-isis/ I wish we could see more links to the Intercept, the genesis of so many good stories. Pretty unsettling that we don't...
The fuck does data security have to do with terrorist attacks? It would be like attributing the war in afghanistan to padlocks.

The bastards think encryption is bad because it means they can't spy on us but all they do is motivate us to make it stronger and more common. Good job.
BREAKING: Investigators say 'computers' were used by the terrorists to plan the attack and as a means of communication via the 'internet', and culprits used cars to 'transport' their weapons. More 'news' at 11.
It all went downhill when some troglodyte decided to collect all data from everyone at all times.
Why should the taxpayers pay massive amounts of money for something like that?

If they had given them self the best possible tools to hunt down suspects declared in a civil court, without breaking the constitution, things could have been different.
Just ask why the TV stations encrypt their satellite feeds? I mean if its bad why not broadcast in the open for anyone to grab!
You never want a serious crisis to go to waste...
It's as if the ignorant masses think that encryption didn't exist or was hardly used prior to Snowden's big reveal. Fact of the matter is everybody already thought the government was tracking quite a few people and already utilized encryption. The naysayers who are saying that encryption needs to be weakened are the biggest ignorant assholes out there. 

Fact of the matter is they used to have their own private networks to communicate on, now they just use encryption apps which is hardly any difference. 

The US wants the world to hate Snowden, that's why the media is spinning things the way it is against Snowden.
My local news is running a story about someone who was murdered and how the identity of the killer is permanently locked away in her iPhone. Scary times for privacy. 
You wouldn't encrypt a car, would you?
"Encryption haters?" It's a couple of Fox News assholes tweeting bullshit.
The inability of French Intelligence is blamed on the fact that 'they dont talk on the phone anymore'. After that we find out they already knew most of the suspects. My question is : if you know the suspects, where the fuck is your 24/7 surveillance?
From what I have read so far each of the known terrorist in the Paris Attacks were already on the government watch list. This means the the government already knew that they could be up to something and they still could not stop them.

Giving the government more access to our information, more back doors, more warrantless searches will not solves anything. They cannot stop people they are ready have info on. 
How about blame our shitty foreign policy that's out drone striking 9 innocent people for every 1 legitimate target.  
  
That's a start.  
Holy shit. This pissed me off. There were talking heads on the TV talking about how encryption is making tracking these people damned near impossible. I'm like...you're joking right? What do we do if them thur turrorists start to *REALLY* smarten up and forgo electronics  all together? Then we're really fucked and we'll start to need cameras with hyper-sensitive directional mics to make sure everyone is REALLLLLLYY **REALLLLLLLLLY** not a terrorist.
We're seeing this new trend, not just blaming Snowden, but taking *any* tragedy and then trying to find a hook to blame it on some group you don't like.  

I've seen this blamed on so many groups not even related to ISIS or any Islamic fundamentalism it's beyond the realm of reason.  
Hey, if these guys don't like encryption, then they can feel free to use my new site, it allows for all information to be stored in plain-text! Now they can do their online shopping, knowing full well that any information they give me, including credit and banking information will be securely stored on my servers behind no encryption what so ever! Hell, even our passwords are in plain text on our SQL-injectable site.

Everyone come on down!
Why not just ban cloth so no one can hide guns anymore.
You know the ultimate way to defeat the mass-surveillance system? Go out into the country with someone and have a face to face conversation.
well, why wasnt the NSA doing its job? oh yeah that's right. the NSA is used for espionage, corruption and extortion.
Make no mistake, governments will use these terrorist attacks to take away more civil liberties.  These governments will help the terrorists win by destroying our free societies.
Really? Because using the Playstation network sounds to me a lot more like "security through obfuscation" than "security through encryption".
This is classic propaganda. You could teach this as a 16 week college course all by itself. "How to blame Snowden for a single terrorist act in Europe 101." 
He doesn't have one iota of responsibility for those attacks.

Monsters don't need an excuse.


Good luck banning people from using software.

The American entertainment industry would like to have a word with you now.

I refuse to believe government officials and talking heads are this dumb. The goal is clearly to control the law abiding population.
I can't wait for them to actually try and put bans on encryption services, all their credit card numbers will be so easy to get!
Q: are Islamic extremists and various other terrorists pleased with Snowden's actions?
So, after they ban encryption, they'll ban congregating with other people in cafés because they can't listen to everything that's being said? God forbid inviting someone over, that's how terrorists win.
Most of them know that they're just talking bullshit, they are just more interested in maintaining an authoritarian state that can defend the interest of the wealthy without the disturbances of a working democracy. So they need a functioning surveillance system that can detect and marginalise impermissible political movements early.
This is eminently sensible, because there were no terrorist attacks before the Snowden revelations!
The infrastructure is in place. If it failed, the last argument that can be made is for more data mining. Clearly it couldn't prevent the events in Paris.
I'm particularly troubled by the NYTimes unpublishing [this article](https://web.archive.org/web/20151115191248/http://www.nytimes.com/2015/11/16/world/europe/paris-attackers-communicated-with-isis-officials-say.html). The lede was "The attackers in Friday’s terrorist assault in Paris communicated at some point beforehand with known members of the Islamic State in Syria". Then it was taken offline entirely and now it's replaced by a redirect to a completely different article. 

The original article was a sort of anti-crypto hit piece all sourced to anonymous "officials". It's exactly the same kind of stenography bad reporting that led to the NYT supporting the Iraq war in 2003, something they finally [stated regret for](http://www.nytimes.com/2004/05/26/international/middleeast/26FTE_NOTE.html) a year later.
Dont fool yourself, these people are not stupid. They are just being a mouth piece for those who want encryption gone.
Yeah not sure how they made the leap from "lets not ask any one of these 4 million Syrian refugees questions about their allegiances or detain them in anyway" to "internet encryption is the problem."
I predict that the world's most powerful and most competent intelligence agencies will miss yet another terrorist attack, even when the message is sent loud and clear. 

[Obviously they weren't aware of this either](http://sputniknews.com/europe/20151116/1030164091/isil-paris-attacks-blessings.html)
The idea that you could prevent terrorist planning by banning or weakening digital encryption is laughable. These people are not stupid, and they will have capable support.

Hell, you could probably plan something on Twitter in the open encrypting messages from an Enigma machine and nobody would end up realizing anything until after the fact. Sure, breaking the Enigma machine is trivial, but the reality is there is so much noise on a public service that it would very likely go unseen by anyone.
The same people that don't want the government infringing on their privacy.  They're just too stupid to realize that these are one and the same.
I blame walls. If there were no walls we could just see what everyone was doing all the time. You only have walls if you have something to hide. 
don't understand why terrorists wouldn't use encryption. Not like they care about the law when they do terrorist attacks...
Snowden isn't to blame for this. The terrorists are. This very well could have happened even without encryption. Remember 9/11. No encryption but still happened.
And the lazy justice, and the lazy government, well everybody but the police and the intelligence agencies, because they are totems.
I thought the Sony playstation network was to blame.
What about letters, courier pigeons, smoke signals, bork bork bork or simple meetings ? are we going to ban those too ? 
&gt; No matter what, the argument is pure bullshit. Of course they probably used encryption, because lots of people use encryption to communicate, and there's no way in hell that they suddenly decided to use encryption "because Snowden." 

Reading the archived version of the original article, they never once mentioned Snowden, and only touched on encryption in that one quoted paragraph, which seems to me to be more about just adding information than trying to blame encryption. They were reporting that the attackers had communicated with ISIS, which might lead some people to question why we didn't intercept it, to which the answer was that they used encrypted forms of communication. Should that information really have been left out? 

So outside of that this article is getting upset about two tweets from Fox news talking heads. This seems like someone looking to get outraged about this, rather than an actual problem in the reporting of the details.
ok peolpe, we shall remove encryption entirely, oh whats that, your back account is empty now? your phones been hacked and all your nude pictures are out? all your emails/facebook messages/texts are out there?

oh i wonder how we could have prevented that?
You know, some of these things are planned inside random houses at the kitchen table.  Maybe we should stop allowing people to have privacy in their own homes while we're at it. /s
So, 2 fox news talking heads? ...
Thanks ~~obama~~ snowden....
I would allow 100 terrorist attacks than allow the government to have free reign over peoples communication. This is our basic right. Do not fuck it up.
Terrorist instructions? In *my* pornography?
I thought it was confirmed that terrorists now meet in cafes specifically to avoid electronic communication about that very subject. 

Let's meet at the cafe is a lot easier fro two people in a cell than all of the encryption. 
Can someone sensibly explain to me why this is apparently ridiculous? Seems like sound logic to me. Terrorists can understand where the surveillance can't go - obviously they'll go there. 
If it's as predicted then why do you have punctuation indicating surprise and bewilderment?
It's a little bit like people who go looting during a riot.
Help fight the idea that encryption is not the norm, and start using it everywhere.

Call and text every day with [Signal](https://whispersystems.org/) (iOS and Android).

Encrypt your emails with [PGP](http://lifehacker.com/how-to-encrypt-your-email-and-keep-your-conversations-p-1133495744).

If you don't use it, you'll lose it.
Is this the Android app snowden was pushing?  Anonymous Private Browser

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.evda.connecttor&amp;hl=en&amp;referrer=utm_source%3Dgoogle%26utm_medium%3Dorganic%26utm_term%3Danonymous+private+browser&amp;pcampaignid=APPU_1_HEtKVrTsJsbZet6IhcgL
Holy crap, there is a full on meme-war against encryption. Soon the general public will start to accept it as true that backdoors given to intelligence agencies provide extra security when the opposite is true. 
The people calling for more backdoors for leo don't understand that the criminals aren't stupid and there are many means of encrypted communication available.  Legislation like this will only compromise the privacy of law-abiding citizens and do nothing to hinder terrorism.
It's not like banning non-tampered encryption would stop it from being a thing. Even if it did, all they'd have to do is go back to communicating in code like people have done for centuries.
That's as logical as blaming the sun for werewolves. 
there's no one to blame except the terrorist themselves. I keep seeing people and a handful of my foreign friends on FB blaming the USA. Sure the USA made some terrible decisions and enabled bad shit to happen but at the end of the day, it's individual choices that choose to murder, rape, and terrorize people. 
Clearly we need better encryption to keep people like Snowden from getting all our secrets!
The only thing we can blame Snowden for is telling the truth, regardless of the unconstitutional laws saying he would be locked up forever for exposing those truths. He is now a historical figure that's stands for the rights of the people. anyone standing against him, is doing it for special interest(money).
Please, nobody head over to the Daily Mail comments. Oh my god.
A CNN anchor this morning said, "you can't be safe and be free." Fuck that guy.

EDIT: [This fucking guy.](http://www.cnn.com/profiles/chris-cuomo-profile)
Conservative here. 

Is disingenuous to blame Snowden for this. I get that people like to play the blame game for every event in life.   But if the government could be trusted with data there wouldn't need to be such a concern. 

The fact is people feel that the government isn't protecting the people, and instead is protecting the interests of the powerful. 

Of the government wants to be trusted, they should stop using data against the people. 

Snowden is a good guy in this.   It's not like I hate all of the things that the government does, but the fact is that data is often used against the intent for which it was gathered. 


As predicted, techdirt will print a click bait title...
A techdirt "article" based on two tweets from media personalities, one of them a comedian? That's some quality r/technology material, off to the front page!

Also, where are they directly blaming Snowden for these attacks?
Putting back doors in popular software might prevent a couple of events, but it will eventually just mean an even better coordinated group with even better encryption that they had someone research and generate for themselves will eventually appear.

I've studied some of this in university and while good security is notoriously difficult, it isn't impossible for a single computer scientist to come up with something difficult to crack or detect. It's likely it would have it's own flaws, but it's not going to have any of these mandated back doors in it and they clearly aren't going to hand over the keys or algorithm needed to decrypt the information.

Also, if you really want to hide something, use [Steganography](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steganography), and maybe even go one step further and encrypt everything you embed too. 
Ultimately the terrorist win when we surrender our freedoms because of fear.
Wait, so you're telling me that the people who create false flag events in order to promote their agendas are blaming the very people who they want to get rid of? Who would have guessed?
Really? We spend time and effort on quoting and reading stuff from FOX news people? What has the world come to...
I'm probably either gonna be downvoted to hell, or no one will see this, but I have to get this off my chest. The Paris attacks are a huge tragedy, I pass my condolences to anyone who's lost a loved one or has died in this horrific event.

But why, of all the attacks in the world, must we treat this differently than the others? 3rd world countries get this all the time, yet we stand idly by not doing anything. Then, suddenly a huge city like Paris gets hit and we're treating this NOW? I don't get it. I'm not gonna stand here and say 'if we had killed ISIS, this probably wouldn't have happened', no, because I know this would happen regardless or not ISIS is dead or alive, some maniac would've tried it and be tied to a terrorist organization. But what I AM going to say is that if we had done something about it, we could've prevented this from happening TODAY (then). The chances of it happening would've been lower. 

Okay, maybe the political backlash would've been horrific. Nonetheless, wouldn't you want the safety of your own people than the opinion of them? I would rather have those 40 people safe and sound in their own homes now, than to be mourning over their deaths, because no one bothered to do anything about it. 

I understand the US and other military forces have done something about the threat of ISIS, I read the news. What I don't get, is how, despite these efforts, there seems to be no results. 
Fucking Haters!
This is a little too close to the plot of Spectre. 
I bet TAILS doesn't even get a mention.
What's with the (?!?) thing? 
How could anyone predict this?! It's insane!
Show us evidence that law enforcement was hindered
Sounds like they need an Eliot Spitzer moment.
Who predicted it?
We should ban discussion in cafés also...
As predicted by who? 
That's an interesting theory, but I'm going to guess that the guys who used guns and bombs to kill people are at fault here.
If we criminalize encryption, only criminals will use it
So obviously anyone with half a brain would know to encrypt illegal activities but isn't there some validity to the claim that wikileaks contributors exposed the least vulnerable communication methods for terrorists? (Serious question).  

Also, does this relate into the whole terrorists using PS4s to communicate thing?
Wait wait.. Hold on, what the fuck is actually going on here? Can anyone from this planet just explain this to me?
"papa save me"...the conservative reptilian hindbrain wants the same world Daesh wants, black and white, Patriarchal, violence based, untrusting
Morons --- clearly Hillary 2016 should be blamed for the Paris attacks. 
"Start at 9"
"We still on?"
"Yeah"
After they had picked up the fucking ak47s, How much co-ordination could it possibly have taken?


Everyone knows the Hitler made the Enigma Machine because of Snowden. 
Glenn Greenwald has a fantastic write up about this.

https://theintercept.com/2015/11/15/exploiting-emotions-about-paris-to-blame-snowden-distract-from-actual-culprits-who-empowered-isis/
I think assuming the info Snowden released had absolutely ZERO impact on terrorist activities, leading up to and including recent terror attacks, is a bit naive, right?

&gt;[...] like WhatsApp, which the authorities have a hard time monitoring [...] 

So.... WhatsApp is hard to monitor???? I find that veeeeeeery hard to believe 
Some guy on Fox News was blaming him within hours of the shooting.
As predicted: reddit eats up clickbait headline and continues to suck Snowden's dick over some dumb thing a few people said
Who predicted that? Who still talks about snowden?
Everyone picks the story that best fits their narrative.  Some [Ukranians are blaming Russia for the attacks](http://imgur.com/a/1aMn6).
It's also true that pure SIGINT just isn't effective against low-tech and no-tech actors.  Using pre-Snowden information, the planners of the Paris atrocity could have met face to face for all planning, as totally ordinary tradecraft.  NSA hire some smart motherfuckers, but they're not building omniscient mind-reading programs.

This is just propaganda from state actors.

Can we examine this from a bit more of an objective lens? Both sides are veering towards absurdist claims.

First of lets get the fact straight that encryption has been around since forever, i.e. secret codes in the medieval times, the Enigma in WWII, etc.

Lets also get clear that despite the literalist reads of what these right-wing pundits are saying, I don't think the actual issue they are pointing out is the use of encryption in general--although their inability to articulate the issue may make it seem like that.

A major part of spycraft is the ability to be ready for, catch, and exploit **human** error. Back in WWII the breakthrough that ultimately led to the unraveling of the Nazi 'Enigma' system was not just sheer technical sophistication, but catching and taking advantage of improper use of the machine.

With revelations like those from Edward Snowden going live, the enemy is likely to be much more aware and careful of with their actions, in regards to communication--less likely to slip up and make mistakes, because it's at the forefront of their attention (human psychology). It's also worth noting that prior to Snowden's revelations, the scale and extent of the NSAs surveillance was thought to be mere conspiracy theory to those not very familiar with the subject. Letting slip some minor detail of a plot in a PS4 game lobby may not seem that big of a deal if you don't realize that EVERYTHING is ^(*algorithmically*) watched. Post-Snowden that kind of slip-up is less likely.

It's a compromise between how much privacy we as citizens give up with how easy or difficult we make the job of our intelligence agencies. Prevailing public opinion seems to be that they're okay with their intelligence folks staying up an extra few nights so that the regular citizenry can retain more privacy (esp. when said surveillance has been used for protester/non-terrorist tracking purposes...), however, the issue isn't as absurd as the article would like it to seem.

tl;dr: The right-wingers have a legitimate point, even if they don't know how to articulate it. OP article is straw-manning.
The murderers are to blame for the Paris attacks.  Snowden just made it harder to stop them
Soon they'll ban face to face conversations too. Can't be having unmonitored discussions. 
One of my local news stations was promoting a bit on how encryption helps bad guys.
I just saw the new Bond flick Spectre and it had some seriously similar things going on. Certain country doesn't support backdoor spy programs? Terrorist attack happens in that country. Now they support program. Of course terrorist attack was the work of a certain organization who wanted the spy program in the first place...
Who predicted ignorant people would blame Snowden for the Paris attacks? I mean, it seems fairly unrelated to me.
There are no real encryption haters.

Stop drinking in the koolaid.
In all fairness, ISIS has stated that they've adjusted tier tactics based on what Snowden has revealed.
Didn't I read that they used the ps4 network to coordinate the attacks?
This is some 1984 shit. Give up your privacy and freedom in exchange for "safety". Great idea people.
&gt; HTTPS makes little Jesus cry.

Calling it. This will be a T-Shirt.
Republicans were taught to hate encryption, thus the Fox News army is blaming Snowden. Such a joke. 
Is this a serious, real problem, or a small issue reddit is blowing up?   
  
Because I find it hard to believe that any sizable group even knows what encryption is, let alone has an opinion against it.
Snowden had nothing to do with these attacks. Whatsoever. But as someone who works in a strategy position for defense, it would be naive to say that going through the documents of how data is collected would not help avoid some level of detection. 
Why do I lock my doors and keep my daughters informed of stranger danger?  For the same reason I use encryption.
What I don't get are the right wing complaints. The parallels with gun rights are huge. Having encryption provides a freedom that also entails a cost. Much like gun rights. Now you may think the trade off isn't worth it but then the rhetoric would be quite different. 
Yep.  There's a lot of irrational free-floating anger and fear which opportunists can direct to their pet causes.  

This opportunistic misdirection is why we had a war in Iraq after radicalized Saudis, Egyptians, Lebanese and UAE fighters based in Afghanistan and Pakistan carried out a terror attack on the U.S.

Selfishly directing attention and resources away from the true culprits is a dick move.
Because of course this will be used to further erode rigths and privacy in the laughable name of national security - the age old battlecry of tyrants. 
Wasn't the only traceable communication between the terrorists texts saying to meet at a café and locations to meet, nothing regarding their plans? 
Oh yeah, get rid of encryption. Cause there's [absolutely no other way](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Book_cipher) for criminals to encode things without encryption. Right. 
People that do not understand technology should not make policy decisions about technology. 
So wait, did the new York Times provide any evidence for why snowden was to blame? Like did they mention a specific type of encryption Daesh was using or a service they were intentionally avoiding, or source documents of some sort? 
Dana Perino. There's a source of knowledge for you. She didn't even know what the Cuban missile crisis was when it was mentioned by a reporter during a press conference she was giving. 
As someone with the opinion that Snowden is an attention seeking idiot, any argument that encryption is to blame for terrorist attacks is totally unfounded.
Yeah, we all know the real culprit is climate change 
Given that this is a crazy assumption... How on earth could one even draw this conclusion?
I haven't been able to understand what part of this had to have been planned using electronic communications.  Why couldn't the terrorists have had a conversation in person, "Hey, on 11/13 at this time, go to these places and start killing people."  The technology needed would be a calendar, a watch, and weapons.  Please, someone explain if you can.
Uncrackable encryption has already hindered law enforcement many times. The thing is though, this is how it's supposed to be, and there is little that should be done about it. Information has and always will stay secret.
"Privacy is a right! We can't give up liberty for security!"

After paris "fuck those refugees I want my family safe ban them all"

This is the common theme on Reddit.
They know the paris attackers used encryption? 

That means they were probably in on it right? Lets investigate them. 
&gt; if the attack was aided through "whistleblowers" leaking what the NSA cannot penetrate

Yeah, fucking [NIST](http://www.nist.gov/), repeatedly leaking the results of their secret government encryption competitions, how dare they.
And these people can vote..
&gt; It is pretty clear that his [Snowden] bean-spilling has taught some of the nastiest people on the planet how to avoid being caught; and when the story of the Paris massacre is explained, I would like a better understanding of how so many operatives were able to conspire, and attack multiple locations, without some of their electronic chatter reaching the ears of the police.
-London mayor Boris Johnson

So what exactly does showing the government backdoors to large American tech companies have to do with terrorists knowing how to not get caught?
You what blows me away? Most people will believe these people advocating for backdoors are stupid or they will see them as heroes of a noble cause. There are few that will see them as wicked, evil, and very intelligent. Let's not kid ourselves, these people will know damn well what the repercussions of their agenda will be but they don't really care about that. Its really about control and that's all it will amount to. Forget believing these people are incompetent or they want any good to come out of their actions. Its all about control. And they also have masters to serve, who actually benefit from this type of policy change. Don't be naive...
It's not encryption they dislike, it's reality.
A whole two tweets wow. Seems like Tech dirt couldn't wait to write the story. Errr click bait. When will people realize that they are being exploited on this subject for money? Fucking sucks....
I sent those morons a twit.
What a bunch of tools.
Encryption haters, you mean Hacker haters?
Dianne Feinstein's testimony/comments on encryption today made me want to vomit...
Today on NBC's Today show in the morning, one of the talking points was that 'Silicon Valley is working **against** the law enforcement agencies, and are enabling these kind of attacks!'

PS: I'm searching for the video clip, but it is too early to be up.
I'm gonna go out on a limb and say that when we will finally have achieved the total surveilance state that people will still keep dying to terrorist attacks *cough*
Dude got Litt Up!
Because big brother is the obvious solution to safety and security. Has anyone else noticed it was the same big governments that were waving in without vetting illegal immigrants \ refugees now telling us we need to give up more of our rights and give them more power to address a problem they themselves had a hand in creating? Seems pretty clear cut strategy, create a problem and demand the citizens give up more of their freedom so we can protect them from a problem we created....
I would confidently bet you that had I never seen this post, I would have never known there are people so fucking ignorant that they'd have this opinion.
Poor Dana Perino, her parents still don't let her swear.
Seriously fuck off.
It's more of a: Dumb people say stupid things...

But then again, circlejerking feels *so* good.
This is such bullshit. Terrorists have been using encryption and steganography for years before Snowden revealed what he did.
Bitches, without encryption the economy as we know it would collapse. Have fun going back to bringing your paycheck to the bank and having to have the teller record it on paper and write you out a receipt. What the fuck are these people thinking?
This is such a joke. All you have to do is read Peter Wright's autobiography "Spycatcher," or even Ken Follet's "The Key to Rebecca."

There's enough spycraft in both of those books to set anyone up in covert operations. 

You don't even need to use email or telephone communications to run an operation; in fact, I'd probably assume they were not secure.

For that matter, if you use one-time codes, or even pre-written codes, there's really nothing to crack.

The reality is, the effective use of this electronic surveillance is when they already know who they want to listen to...

Which makes mass surveillance and bans on high encryption nothing but a gimmick and excuse for keeping an eye on the population.
Well, blaming Snowden is just blaming the NSA by proxy. If they hadn't gone rogue and started massively and illegally invading the privacy of everybody on the planet, Snowden wouldn't have had anything to disclose, the vast majority of the internet and other technologies would probably still be unencrypted since people would not be so scared about it, and the authorities would be able to intercept when necessary. The intelligence services are the root cause of their own problems.
I wonder how terrorists ever made plans and organized before the internet? Like that is their limiting factor. Fuck can't email bob and joe about taking out the soccer stadium on Saturday, guess I won't do it. 

Kinda silly.

Anyone can manually encrypt anything they want via handwritten text on a piece of paper. Crude, but effective.

Technology has little to do with it.

http://www.davidmeyercreations.com/mysteries-of-history/beale-codes-solving-an-unsolvable-code/

Anyone with a pulse would go crazy to solve that ancient text based message. But it hasnt been done, so far.

Blame Snowden on that? lol

Gimmie a break.

These terrorists are monkey animals. They dont really need to encrypt anything to communicate. Can send unencrypted plain handwritten text via the mail if they want to. Or chat on a radio. CB, shortwave, homemade, etc.

No need for fancy computers, cellphones nor encryption at all.

Since IS likes to hang around in a few concentrated areas in Syria and Iraq, it would make sense to vaporize the areas. Forget about fancy ideas that lead nowhere, like blaming Snowden and encryption. 

Encryption software is now open source, unreadable, and plentiful.

Snowden didnt invent it, and it cannot be banned/controlled either.

That would be like me being forced by the government in real time as I type, to type the 'right' words. 

Impossible, stupid, waste of time.

Go after IS. Leave me tf alone.

Last that I heard, people incinerated with napalm dont tend to mess around much with encryption. Problem solved.

(using the word people to describe sub-humans, cause im being nice)






When will anyone blame the guns and bullets that were used in the attack ? 
I have yet to see some evidence how the NSA managed to prevent a terror attack with the help of their massive snooping machinery. 
The argument you should be making is not "it dosnt help terrorists" because that is an argument that you will lose. The argument you should make is that it is not worth letting governments have access to that much information for only marginally better protection.
Yea Snowden and 'leftists'
Almost as insane as blaming Bush
How about instead of blaming encryption, they go back and do some actual police investigation work... 
Encryption caused the Sunni-Shia schism of 632 CE thus creating ISIS and terrorism.


There was someone on NPR yesterday saying that now Snowden has "Blood on his hands". I felt like there was a disconnect from reality. 
I'm not sure "as predicted" and "?!?" belong together in the same sentence 
hey those scumbags in Paris also used vehicles in the attacks, lets blame those car companies! 
Nobody should have ever listened to Dana Perino again after she said there were no terrorist attacks under George W. Bush:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4kpfhGxJbLc
I'm not a particular fan of Snowden, but this is just fucking asinine.
I'm so confused. I can't even logically make a connection between the attacks and the work the NSA does to protect the USA. This is easily one of the most retarded things I've ever read. 
I've already seen people on Facebook declaring that they're happy to allow David Cameron to have access to their data in order to help catch terrorists.

It's kinda sad how technologically illiterate some people are. 
And those people are welcome to give up all of their passwords for the sake of fighting terrorism.


"hunter2"
As predicted, people are morons.
"terrorist hid behind encryption" is the equivalent of saying "terrorist hid behind the lack of warrant-less searches when planning behind closed doors
More terrorist attacks would be thwarted if only the government could violate the Constitution.  /s
If you're gonna hate on Snowden, at least do it because he called Hillary "refreshing", not because of something that has nothing to do with him or his views. 
Almost as dumb as blaming it on climate change. 
There are plenty of conspiracy lovers on Reddit, I've even exchanged comments with people who believe Isis was created in secret by US/Britain/Isreal. 
I know somebody from GCHQ, they said terrorists changed their tactics after Snowden. Can you not imagine this happening? The government isn't trying to take away our liberty to control us all, they just don't want to be the next people to announce civilian deaths. And the tools have stopped potential attacks. 
I don't hate encryption, I just know it's not the 100% privacy solution people think it is because now computers are coming with AMT (processor backdoor, remote turn on, 100% access etc) and UEFI (firmware that is it's own operating system and programs can be installed in there) which makes what happens on the lower OS or program level rather mute. They can read your keyboard strokes as you type and sending it online, so how are you going to defeat that?

Remember CarrierIQ? Now it's same thing for computers.

Eventually all the old BIO's PC's will be gone, but still they likely backdoored those from the factory as well, just a lot more limited than the newer machines especially with no keyboard firmwares.

Sound proof Faraday Cage it offline or just accept your new position as a constant threat to the establishment, the thumbscrews are coming as absolute power corrupts absolutely.
[deleted]
WTF? Edward Snowden is a goddamn hero and a patriot.

And everyone knows that obviously its the muslims fault
I mean I fucking hate Snowden as much as the next guy, but you can't just go around blaming him for everything.
These people against encryption are Government spies.
Snowden deserves sainthood. Sorry politicians.
Most of the marketing subreddits (/r/socialmedia, /r/marketing, /r/webmarketing) also ban tsu.co because it's all referral/affiliate spam. 

Take a look at the type of spam on reddit from this domain: https://www.reddit.com/domain/tsu.co


Important to mention the below

&gt;Your Facebook feed could easily be flooded with Tsu.co links.
And that's exactly what Facebook has encountered. Tsu users were creating fake accounts to boost their pages. Facebook says its users started reporting Tsu.co links as spam, which Facebook defines as "sending bulk messages, excessively posting links ... and sending friend requests to people you don't know personally."
On September 25, Facebook cut off Tsu.co completely.
Something tells me this is just going to be full of people trying to get others to sign up rather than people actually posting content. Everyone will have delusions of striking it rich by signing up people who will do all the work for them, just like current pyramid schemes. And also just like current pyramid schemes, an extreme minority of the people who sign up will actually do any meaningful amount of work.
&gt;Claudia Everest is a 47-year-old [...] She's furious that Facebook deleted every post in which she ever mentioned Tsu.co -- 7,500 by her estimate.

And she wonders why Facebook has it flagged as spam?
Shared advert revenue - Sounds like an incentive for creating even more advertisement
In the old times it used to be called Amway. 
How's everyone doing on Ello? 
So they blocked a social media multi level marketing scam (pyramid scheme)? Good for them. 

The only model that wouldn't be a scam would be if I and only I was paid like an artist on iTunes or a personality on YouTube, a small percentage of money based on views/engagement, and the majority goes to the company because they host my content and work with companies to host advertisements. The whole "parent" and "child" thing Tsu tries to sell you on is just one of the many ways you describe a pyramid scheme.

Is this the part where everyone on Facebook threatens to go to voat?
[This already existed back in 2007 or so. It was called Yuwie.](http://www.cnet.com/news/yuwie-social-networking-gone-very-wrong/)  

It was complete crap because everyone using never cared about what they were posting.
Terrible business model which will result in spam and a terrible name.
So tsu pays me for reading advertising? Is this essentially what I'm reading?
I'm with Facebook on this. Think about it.

Blocking tsu is a necessary anti-spam measure, regardless of the fact that it's a potential competitor. Reddit banned affiliate links for the same reasons except they don't compete with reddit (or maybe spez and co are planning a breakthrough into commerce, but that's another story). With compensation involved, people would post tsu all over facebook, their exact target market, trying to earn money from their networks -- ironically what tsu is aiming to accomplish for them. But also, 99% of users won't generate enough traffic to make more than a few dollars a month, just further incentivizing referrals/spam as it will be the only way for them to earn money. While it's not a pyramid scheme because there's no concrete buy in, it still reminds me of that vemma scam that was recently shut down by the feds. This business model built on fools trying to make money quick just can't sustain and the actual content will suffer as well.

---

Took one visit to the subreddit and found [exactly what I'm talking about](https://www.reddit.com/r/Tsu_co/comments/3qk6qp/this_is_just_too_addicting/) second from the top, 9 days ago:

&gt; This is just too addicting.
&gt; 
&gt; All I can think of is ways to get more people to sign up with my referral. It's distracting me from just enjoying the content as it is. I don't think this website is going to work, it's triggering the wrong incentive.
&gt; 
&gt; 
&gt; ~~So if you're looking for an invite go h~~
&gt; 
&gt; 
&gt; Nope. This is worse than porn.
And? I'm extremely for open internet, but FB is not a utility or an ISP. They have no responsibility to let people advertise for their competitors using their bandwidth.
I don't know what Tsu's compensation is, but I'm guessing it's not nearly enough for me to pretend I give a shit about what hilarious thing my co-worker's newborn just did.
From the article:

    Facebook claims Tsu links are spam that are annoying the community. 

Then how is Candy Crush still a thing?
[This top comment in the /r/news post explains why it isn't really a corporate conspiracy perse, but also a response to users and anti-spam measures](https://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/3rpuzk/facebook_censors_ts%C5%ABco_a_growing_social_media/cwqajue)
Seems like a great social media model if they can contain the spam:

&gt;Unlike most social media sites, including Facebook, which keep 100% of the profit from the ads displayed on your page, Tsu only keeps 10%. You keep 45%. The chain of friends that invited you to Tsu split the rest.

Edit: Tsu is definitely a pyramid scheme: http://i.imgur.com/K3OW0l6.jpg
So this company is attempting a multi-level marketing company disguised as a social media site. Pyramid schemes are pyramid schemes no matter how you disguise them. Facebook is right to flag this site as unsafe/spam.
&gt;Carolina Franco, a 28-year-old model in Colombia, thinks Facebook's strategy is an attempt to keep its users from flocking to a competitor.
"Very few people even know about Tsu," she said. "I don't believe that Facebook and Instagram want Tsu to go viral. it would cost them a lot of money."

Because if there's one person I want to take business advice from, it's a 28 year old Colombian model. 
[Does nobody remember Yuwie?](http://www.cnet.com/news/yuwie-social-networking-gone-very-wrong/)
"Your Facebook feed could easily be flooded with Tsu.co links.
And that's exactly what Facebook has encountered. Tsu users were creating fake accounts to boost their pages. "

Um... isn't this the definition of spam? Fake accounts over posting trying to make money?
Even if Tsu.co ever took it off and got as popular as Facebook it would end up paying people fractions of a penny, if it's not already. 
I had my pitchfork and torch all ready to go, but it sounds like Facebook is in the right here.

It's going to be a long ride home....
Yes, great idea. Give social network users actual financial incentive to spam their friends.

What could possibly go wrong?
I made an account on this tsu because I hate when companies like Facebook try to censor things and free speak and whatever...now I feel like an idiot who just joined a pyramid scheme 
It's their website - they can do whatever the hell they want.
Why is this #1-on-reddit news? The site sounds like a shitty pyramid scheme and Facebook is probably doing the right thing by squelching it.
So I took the plunge, just to see. It's as you'd expect, and as many have commented, kind of a shit show. While they say they will block spammers, that doesn't seem to include people who post ALL THE FUCKING TIME! You start out following a couple people, I started with a photographer, some guy, and some girl who loves pictures, but seems to have a problem with looking at cameras. I'd like to tell you that I looked through her pictures to see if she ever looked at the camera, (answer is once in awhile) but she certainly wears a bikini more than she looks at a camera..... A bunch of hash tags on each post and while it flows ok on mobile, don't try to upload a profile picture, cause it's not thrilled about that. I like that they list all the charities the site helps, so that makes me hope they do alright, but I don't need an instagram-Facebook hybrid in my life. Overall, likely will not return. 
so what? traditional media doesn't allow advertising of its competitors
The only other time I've seen any mention of tsu.co is whenever I clean-up spam on /r/money. I was getting one or two affiliate links for them a day for a while there. It's slowed down quite a bit in recent months, so hopefully their "business" is dying a painful death.

*edit: ..and I just caught myself reflexively looking for the "spam" button under the post after loading the front page again and seeing "tsu.co" first..
&gt;That means there's a financial incentive to post on Tsu, invite people to Tsu, and direct people to your Tsu page. There's even incentive to send people to the Tsu pages of the folks who you brought into the Tsu network.
Your Facebook feed could easily be flooded with Tsu.co links.
And that's exactly what Facebook has encountered. Tsu users were creating fake accounts to boost their pages. Facebook says its users started reporting Tsu.co links as spam, which Facebook defines as "sending bulk messages, excessively posting links ... and sending friend requests to people you don't know personally."  


It seems "Don't always judge a book by it's cover" is quite relevant here. This isn't the best of titles
Good. It's a spam network.
By the way this title sounds I feel OP has been paid by Tsu.co to try and gain some sympathy. It backfired all over his face.
Sounds like a shitty idea anyway
So I checked out the site and signed up, do not do the same, it's garbage.

Visually a cross between twitter and facebook and all of the worst parts of both.

Spam spam spam spam spam.
And if you read the article, it gives a perfectly reasonable explanation.
This is why checking the comments is important. First thing I thought was "cool, lemme see what reddit says" and of course it is revealed there is more going on than what the clickbait title suggests.
Lol at the implication that Facebook is afraid of a pyramid scheme. They're just willing to enrage and inconvenience a minority of users to protect/appease the rest, in this case by blocking a frequent spam domain. 
Sounds like it's actually spam. If they didn't have referral links I'm sure Facebook would not have blocked it.
I wasn't aware of what Tsu.co was beforehand and did a little research. I like the idea and I think the intentions are good...but I could completely see this backfiring in terms of the actual content. Just look at /r/funny. People will post the aggregate mean of what people like and the result ends up being bland and generic content. It's not like Facebook is currently a place of unique and fulfilling content...but can you imagine how much worse it would get if liking and posting resulted in monetary value for the poster? I could see it snowballing pretty badly out of control and would move Facebook away from the original reason people use Facebook.
I'm actually glad, this is clearly just going to be used for clickbait garbage.
I tried out Tsu.co To explain the payout structure they had set up when I used the service... I invite you to come onto Tsu, I now get paid for inviting you. So if Im famous and get 100 people on Tsu, I get paid revenue before all of those people I invited. If you get invited by someone the celebrity invited, the payment goes to the celebrity, then to your friend and then to you.It makes it near impossible to ever get paid. And it caps out at 10k, if i remember correctly, payout for the whole year. A really bad system that is unique, but ineffective overall. 
Shares revenue? 

That almost guarantees that people were spamming facebook with its links. 
"most of them haven't made a dime yet."

That certainly doesn't help their case.
This fucking stupid site comes up every 6 months with some bullshit. Just delete Tsu off the internet already...
This is like when I had a Minecraft server, and other servers would pay people to come into my server and spam theirs.

[4-1-2013] Chris_The_Builder: ~-JOIN DickHoleCraft.com:25565 -~

[4-1-2013] Chris_The_Builder: ~-JOIN DickHoleCraft.com:25565 -~

[4-1-2013] Chris_The_Builder: ~-JOIN DickHoleCraft.com:25565 -~

[4-1-2013] Chris_The_Builder: ~-JOIN DickHoleCraft.com:25565 -~

[4-1-2013] Chris_The_Builder: ~-JOIN DickHoleCraft.com:25565 -~

[4-1-2013] SERVER: Ownix kicked Chris_The_Builder for spamming.
So, I did an experiment on Tsu.co when it first launched. I wanted to see how badly things could go if someone went in with the purpose of making everyone else think they're going to get rich. The whole thing devolved very quickly into a meme sharing mafia. It showed to me that the whole site is just one big pyramid scheme. 

Banned Account:

http://www.tsu.co/MemeTsunami

From launch it quickly became the #1 "shitty fb meme" account. Even with thousands of shares, you only got like a $0.04 for it. And you don't get paid out until $100. So even a famous person would take a few years of daily posting to ever get a check. 

My account got banned because overnight, over half the feed was just my reshared "Get rich quick" posts that got thousands of shares.

If anyone using the site now would like to give their admin team  PTSD flashbacks, just use any of my old shitposts. 

http://i.imgur.com/K3OW0l6.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/X5vsbMX.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/jXfyQzg.jpg

Not new, they did the same thing back in the day, if you posted that "I moved to (insert site here)", it would be removed.

Best part is, I saw the same thing in MySpace, Hi5 and others sites ("i moved to facebook") and those sites didnt block such posts, now they are dead.

Edit: Hmm, tsu.co has a fan page in facebook, but stupid /r/technology wont allow linking to facebook. 

Oh the irony!!
Facebook is under no obligation to allow a competitor to use its system for advertising.
They should tsu them.
It's not enough that people can post terabytes of shit for free, now they want to get *paid* to post uninteresting crap?
Wow i remember meeting someone at a flee market years ago telling me he wanted to do this concept and asking me for money to  start him up.. crazy to see this same concept on the front page. 
Good.  Every single post I've ever seen mentioning it comes across as spammy crap.  And this is on Reddit, I've yet to see anybody talking about it on FB.
I never heard of tsu until now....

It's even spread to Craigslist. Saw it posted on the job section about 20 times yesterday. 
Who really gives a shit? No thanks, Tsu. Go do your mass copy pasta somewhere else.
Tsu.co sounds like a pyramid scheme.
Is this the same "we pay our users" Tsu that I was receiving endless, spammy "answer this question" requests about through Quora a while back? If so, I'm not terribly surprised.
I'm confused, the article and everyone here keep saying that facebook claims the links are spam, which is kinda accurate, but I just tried to post to FB and the message I get is "The content you're trying to share includes a link that our security systems detected to be unsafe."

That's quite different than being considered spam, and patently false, since I don't see any vector for unsafe or infected content on the tsu.co site... What gives?
This tsu really reminds me of the old ad bar pyramid setups back in the day.   


It doesn't seem like it would be hard to do this idea right. Ditch the multi-level bullshit, pay people per impression your followers spend on your page; whether you generate stupid content or great content, the more impressions you get the more you get paid. Facebook, exactly how they do it now, but where the user gets a share. 

Come on, fuck.
And? Am I supposed to be outraged or something?
Learn this weird trick facebook doesnt want you to know !
This seems kinda like a reverse funnel system  to me. 
That shit requires an invite, I don't know why people even keep bringing it up.
Clickbait. They didn't bother mentioning Tsu.co is where a lot of spammers congregate
Tsu is not new at all, has been a trend months ago
So...why is CNN supporting these scammers? Does this mean CNN are pieces of shit?
Is this going to be the savior of mankind, like Ello was last year?

I don't like Facebook. I'm just gonna stick with Facebook.


I mean, Facebook is a private company. We use their website as a community. If the leaders of that community don't like content that is being posted on their platform they are free to remove it. [xkcd relevance] (http://xkcd.com/1357/) 
This is smart. facebook shouldn't let this fuckery of a website operate within their site. This shit is dumb and mlm at it's best. Fuck that website. 
What's the problem exactly? 

Facebook isn't a country or a government institution. They can censor what they want. 

Don't like it? Stop using there free service.
The cynic in me tends to scoff at these type of sites and dismiss Tsu as just a spammy startup aiming to take a stab at the next social media craze. But after reading the site and seeing the Partners section that offers the the ability donate your "earnings" to a charity, I'm actually more warmed up to the idea. Facebook will not change from their current ad model. They make way too much money off it and purposely manipulate the field in their favor. But hey, that's smart business. But if Tsu can be the competitive force to move the needle and force Facebook and other platforms to start being more conscious with their ad revenue, I wholly support it. 

I don't see this being anything huge but if I can support a charity doing the crap I already do for free, I'll support that platform. 
Tsu.co is a pyramid scheme. 

Sad that our kids would get scammed into multilevel marketing scams. At least they will learn
Probably because it is a pyramid scheme of some sort. I don't know the site, but just from what I see here it sounds fishy.
&gt; Facebook says its users started reporting Tsu.co links as spam, which Facebook defines as "**sending bulk messages, excessively posting links**... and sending friend requests to people you don't know personally." 

Can they please ban the links and invites my "friends" who keep sending me invites to Candy Village Forever Farm Leprachaun?
'"We do not allow developers to incentivize content sharing on our platform because it encourages spammy sharing," said Melanie Ensign, a Facebook spokesperson.'

Seems to make a lot of sense. 

Obviously anyone should be given a fair shake and a chance to prove themselves. I also disapprove of any kind of censorship, especially if it's a corporate entity using it's own nearly ubiquitous platform to stifle competition. There might even be some laws about that.

That said, everything I've read about Tsu.co makes it sound like a really weird pyramid scheme that has the potential (and incentive) to produce other-worldly amounts of ad spam. So it makes me wonder if the scrubbing by Facebook is really just a misguided attempt to enforce some portion of their EULA as it relates to advertising.
ITT: a bunch of people who don't grasp the conflict of interest inherent in a site like Tsu and are looking for the next great /r/beermoney find
So... you're telling me that there is finally a way to ensure that my posts don't linger on the Internet for years?  Add tsu.com to the end.
~~Thousands of people put important passwords over plaintext on this site.~~

~~I'm trying to make an account, but they don't even have HTTPS for the account creation form. It seems to be optional.~~

[Make sure to use a https link.](https://www.tsu.co/)

EDIT: [See M3NTA7's correction](https://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/3rrmp1/facebook_is_blocking_any_link_to_tsuco_on_every/cwr7zz3)

Basically, although it implied standard HTTP, it sends a POST of that information to an HTTPS destination. I'm not sure if it's the best practice? Red flags are supposed to go off if you do not see the "HTTPS" up top.  
I played around with the site a bit, and it certainly has a better UI than Facebook -- it seems to be a nice blend of Facebook and Twitter. I think it has potential on a technical sense.

It's pretty clear that the reason they're doing the profit sharing is to draw people to their site, and to kickstart the popularity of the platform. They're kicking themselves in the taint with this, though, and it's showing.

I think if they throttled the number of people you can sign up, or something, that might help a bit. There needs to be incentive to **not** post links 7,500 times on Facebook.
&gt;  The chain of friends that invited you to Tsu split the rest.  
  
So it's a pyramid scheme.  And there is no way in hell that doesn't become a massive spam hound. People will be posting their sign up links repeatedly everywhere in order to expand their revenue umbrella.
Streisand Effect in 3... 2... 
And?
Just looking at their clunky website, this site is not going anywhere fast.
Well, shit.  I finally find myself agreeing with Facebook on something.  I would say completely blocking a social media platform that is a thinly disguised pyramid scheme and which, by its very nature, encourages people to spam for it is the right decision.
It makes sense. Why should Facebook be forced to advertise for a competitor?
Agree with FB on this even though I don't use it.

Users get money for advertising the site? Will have thousands of people flooding comments/posts/etc with spam to check out the website like the spambots we already have.
New twist on ol' MLM...
I totally forgot tsu.co existed at all... I remember It was pushed by some social media "influencers" a while ago, particularly people from YouTube. 

"Get paid for posting content and inviting people" they said, sounded very sketchy from the beginning. 
Now if they would just start blocking the Plexus posts
I love how different the reddit headline is from the reality. 
This is probably just automatic SPAM detection. TSU sounds like [AllAdvantge](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AllAdvantage) all over again.
Facebook is successful because it just makes it easy for people to share stuff with each other. I didn't really appreciate it fully until I moved overseas.

The rival social network up-starts place way too much focus on ads while missing the entire point.
If I share this as a status stating that I do not give my permission for FB to do this and I successfully get 100 likes on that status, will that stop FB from doing this? 
I support Facebook on this. Shits annoying as fuck.
Was this a concept by Nathan For You? It sounds brilliant until you think about it.
I'm not sure if it's trolling or not, but he company that runs the website is called Evacuation Complete LLC. Groovy baby!
Good. Now if they could block all the g2a referral links people spam on anything gaming-related.
I don't know why, but the ellipses in this title really piss me off. Completely irrational, but still.
Yet they have a Facebook page linked to their home page which hasnt been deleted. Im confused.
Then how in the hell do they have  Facebook page?!
Read the article before you react folks, Tsu sounds a hell of a lot like a pyramid scheme to me.
Sounds like a pyramid scheme...( I think that's the right scheme type)
You guys remember Ello? Does anyone use that? 
It's not a pyramid, it's an inverse funnel!
Everyone is shitting on this service, but i just signed up and i think i like it. It reminds me of a instagram + Google+ + twitter.... I like the groups functionality and simplicity of # searches. 

The downsides of this program is the users themselves who are turning it into a pyramid scheme. I will continue to use it for a couple of weeks but i think this may be my photo sharing app since i can easily post my pics to twitter too. Its unfortunate it no longer syncs with FB due to the spamming

TLDR if you dont look at this as a money making app its pretty cool
8000 in 3 hours? Somebody bought some upvotes.
"Claims"?
This seems very reasonable to me.  If this kind of thing kept popping up in my Facebook it would be vastly annoying.
From a business standpoint,  I don't see what's wrong with this. It's sort of like some new fast-food burger joint having people go around and place their advertising inside McDonald's stores and then getting angry when McDonald's has them taken down.  Why would they let the competition advertise in their own domain? 
Problems of teens
Streisand effect.

Literally never heard of Tsu.co until facebook wanted people to not know about Tsu.co anymore.
holy shit.. even entering "tsu.co" gets you flagged as abuse..
Sounds like some ello bs
Everyone aboard the Facebook circle jerk train.
Is anyone else having the issue where you can't unfollow people on tsu?
[Tsu.com's CEO](http://blogs-images.forbes.com/arleneweintraub/files/2015/02/1217_martin-shkreli-finance_416x416.jpg)
Is tht the one with all those people trying to sell me cheap sunglasses?
On the surface, I like the idea of a social media site sharing ad money with users.  But when I think about it... 

I already see so much bullshit on datebook that I don't want to see.  If people were incentivized to share more ads and bullshit like that it would be even worse. 

I really just wish my Facebook feed would be without "suggested ads".  Let them generate revenue when a user shares a business link... But don't recommend shit to me.  I'm not there to find new products.  I'm there to see what my friends are up to and if they are vouching for a company, so be it. 
But Tsu.co has a Facebook page. I would link it but apparently /r/technology removes comments that link to Facebook.
I guess what most people don't understand is that it's facebook's platform, it's there rules. There really is no free speech on a system that is owned by a corp and their shareholders. If you think there is, then your fooling yourself.
Don't want to antagonize anyone using it but a lot of the usual scam websites been using/abusing tsu for a while, posting all kinds of crappy spam.
oh my god. My rights. MY RIGHTS. 
"And that, children, is how I convinced millions of people to visit a website I built that installed malware on their computers. It was almost too easy."
Hey, everyone remember Ello? HA. 
At least make the effort to come up with a half decent / useable website name if your going to try this.. 
Similar to tsu is a platform called realstew (Google it) 80% of revenue goes back to the users 
So, I just joined when I saw this post to see what all of the hype is about.

It's bullllllllshit.
If it's free, you're the product.
About 4 years ago, when facebook was getting more popular I remember a similar site called "zurker" or something that claimed will give stock shares for it's users

The founder said he will de-throne facebook or something. I don't think that site exist anymore
Looks more like Tsu is the Amway of social ~~networking~~ marketing sites. Praise bookface for saving us from the scourge of Tsu!
Tsu's marketing pisses me a lot. It just sells a good idea to a world not prepared for something like this.

So at the end, all it does is spam us and affect external social networks.
Does this not feel like some curiosity spam that gets us all to reverse clickbait and post the link to facebook to see if it will post?

Inadvertently spamming for them out of curiosity. 
Signed up to tsu.com, saw more memes, deleted my account.
This sub is worse that /r/politics and /r/worldnews
I checked out that site out of curiosity and it almost reminds me of a IRL version of Hooli from Sillicon Valley.  It just has that "fake corporate feel", if that makes sense. 
WOW THEY REALLY DON'T WANT US TO KNOW oh no it's a spam company
tsu.co is a spammy mess.  It hasn't gone viral precisely because of all the bad behavior encouraged by incentivized social media.   

For those people wondering whether or not tsu.co is some kind of scam, consider this:  when it started, tsu.co had an unlicensed Colbert report video on the landing page.   

It may be that the founders just didn't have a clue that you can't use just any old video you want to promote yourself, but in combination with the hype Sobczak spouts it does look a bit scammy to me. 

Incentivized social media has been associated with a lot of scams in the MLM space over the past 5 years or so.   Sobczak uses a lot of the same language and ideas as those scams. 

But, I don't think we have to worry too much about tsu.co doing anything but annoying Facebook anytime soon.  
https://www.google.com/trends/explore#q=tsu.co%2C%20myspace&amp;date=today%2012-m&amp;cmpt=q&amp;tz=Etc%2FGMT%2B8  

The corpse of MySpace is still orders of magnitude more popular than tsu.co.  
Sounds like a pyramid scheme to me. 
brb gotta check this out.
They are just a sign-up fee away from becoming a Ponzi Scheme.
If you dont like what facebook does then dont use facebook. simple as fuck.
This is probably because people are spamming it to make money (its even in this post title - it shares ad revenue with users). 


Streisand Effect.

I think they're right to do it though.  From the article it looks like Facebook just quashed the world's first completely social media pyramid scheme.  GG Facebook.
" tsu is a free social network that shares revenues with its users and those who invited them into tsu. "

I was outraged that Facebook would do this to an innocent new social network... until I realized that Tsu is a multi-level marketing scheme of sorts. So I'm okay with it.
ITT People who don't know what a Ponzi scheme is.  Hint: If you're not paying money, it's not one.
"Facebook deletes spam posts" is the alternate title of this article.
so how do you get an invite to tsu?
sounds like the content would qualify as spam, and it makes sense to block that. 
Excellent, I was going to sign up but changed my mind when I was greeted by this:

&gt;IMPORTANT: BY USING THE SERVICE, YOU AGREE TO RESOLVE DISPUTES WITH THE OPERATOR OF Tsū THROUGH BINDING ARBITRATION (AND WITH VERY LIMITED EXCEPTIONS, NOT IN COURT), AND YOU WAIVE CERTAIN RIGHTS TO PARTICIPATE IN CLASS ACTIONS, AS DETAILED IN SECTIONS 20 AND 21.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Streisand_effect

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AACS_encryption_key_controversy

http://reddithistory.wikia.com/wiki/Fuck_Sears

Nice job, Facebook!

Tsu.com is actually just a pyramid scheme.
Good thing they got the opinion of a 28 year old columbian model on the issue.
Here's what I get when I post the link.  

http://imgur.com/aYwVvfh
So it's a pyramid scheme? We upvoted a cleverly phrased pyarmid scheme to the front page? Nice one Reddit.
I just posted to my Facebook about this site. If they never did this I never would have known about the site! All you have to do is replace the tsu.co with tsu[dot]Co and they let you post. Take that Facebook! 
Nobody should be surprised. This is what very large companies and monopolies do. 
[deleted]
Facebook doesn't want its users jumping ship to a pyramid scheme, who'd'a thunk it?
&gt; Facebook

There is your problem right there.
&gt; Unlike most social media sites, including Facebook, which keep 100% of the profit from the ads displayed on your page, Tsu only keeps 10%. You keep 45%. The chain of friends that invited you to Tsu split the rest.

This model seems more fair to users than Facebook's model. 

I, for one, would be more inclined to use the one that could financially benefit me. 
BRB going to delete facebook, hit tsu, and hug of death up.
But will it have Candy Crush and the ability to send me infinite invites to said game?
This is an excellent way tot make people want to investigate &amp; sign up for Tsu.co 
You can also sign in to Tsu  through  your Facebook account ...
tsu.co'n dese nuts.
Pyramide Scheme Scam-like Tsu.co

Absolute no problem that Facebook blocks that shit.
So? Why should we care that one website is discouraging its users from going to the competition? Facebook isn't some kind of government-run agency, it's just a business. You don't see HBO running ads for AMC.
Tsu is a wasteland of spam. Click my page! 
TSU is also a scam, or at the very least it was 8 months ago. So, I don't know if the pitchforks are justified on this one. 
Reddit should ban all facebook links too you know.
And the problem is..?
It's a pyramid scheme but using adverts and user time rather than hard cash.
Tsu.co is a PYRAMID scheme! 

” If the money you make is based on your sales to the public, it may be a legitimate multilevel marketing plan. If the money you make is based on the number of people you recruit and your sales to them, it’s not. It’s a pyramid scheme. Pyramid schemes are illegal, and the vast majority of participants lose money.”

Just because you dont pay any cash does NOT mean its not a scam you still pay in time and personal info and time = money!
"You and whomever invited you get a share of the profit" makes this sound like a pyramid scheme.
we should tsu
Suddenly, I want to use Tsu.co.
First I didn't believe this. Then I tried to post a facebook post with the tsu.co link myself, and found out that yes, it is good enough, Facebook and Mark Zuckerberg who constantly talks about connecting the world, and how important it is to be open etc. is blocking, or should we rather say cencusring another social network, but then again, one might out to expect this, especially given it was just revealed that it is impossible for any Facebook user to block the Facebook god of Zuckerberg. Yup yup, privacy and user control is nice, as long as I can override it!
I like how facebook doesn't block things like those body wraps, scentsy, monat and all of that pyramid-scammy bullshit but actively blocks this. 

I agree, I don't want tso.co riddled throughout my facebook but in my opinion facebook needs to bring up its pyramid scam deterrent game. It's unbelievable how many people fall for those scams. 
It's a site that will only be remembered as a garbage can for people trying to get rich quick.

There isn't any actual content on the site! It's just a spam/pyramid scheme vehicle.

Sure this post got 5200+ upvotes because it's trendy to hate on Facebook.  Sheesh guys.
Maybe this isn't such a bad idea. The grim reality is that in the near future, there will be more people than jobs (thank you robots).  why not pay people to surf the web?  like a bad episode of Black Mirror.
Go Streisand effect!
[deleted]
This is probably the best advertisement they could give them.
If it's free, you're the product.
Any chat/messaging platform that has censorship is horrible for communication. 
And Facebook has had it for a long time, it's not just tsu.co links.
Did Facebook not just give tsu.co more publicisty than they could ever dream for by pulling this stunt?
I hadn't even heard of tsu.co before this broke. Maybe I should look in to it.
I hope this is approaching the end for Facebook. They pretty much suck.
And? Facebook has no obligation to do advertising for its competitors. Or should Walmart be forced to post free Amazon ads in its stores?
Facebook is a scam for any outside links. They will purposely block your blog and claim it as "spam", but then when you create a paid advertisement featuring your blog, they magically unblock it. SMH.
Only dumb people use facebook. 
Well, the illegal continues to grow and develop having already become status quo. If law enforcement cannot follow the law, it is not lawful, is it? 

It's literally impossible to tell whats legal anymore. This is the problem with secret courts passing secret laws
Fuck the DEA

Drugs can be bad for some people, but the DEA is worse for all of us

Drug use shouldn't be treated with prison
It doesn't say anything about it being just limited to a small-city/suburb, more that the ENTIRE County of Riverside, which I believe is the second largest county in the US (geographically). It also has about 2.3 million people living inside the county. I mean, look how massive it is: 

https://www.google.com/maps/place/Riverside+County,+CA/@33.732591,-118.2993917,7z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m2!3m1!1s0x80daf5811e2a71af:0x5f281458200d298d

This must have been an ENOURMOUS operation. 

EDIT:***26th largest county, 7,303.13 sq mi (18,915.0 km2)
"May not be legal".  This is the goddamn definition of a Fourth Amendment violation.
They'll continue to do it despite it being illegal. 

Because The Patriot Act was really about dismantling the existing laws and giving law enforcement whatever power they wanted. 
Wait- why can the govt do whatever the fuck it wants and THEN we decide if it's constitutional or not. Seems ass backwards to me.
~~E~~ ~~Pluibus~~ ~~Unam~~ It's easier to get forgiveness than permission. 
It's pretty scary how quick the DEA and our Government are to violate our constitution our privacy and other various laws and principles. The future of our society doesn't look good for us if we let them proceed at this rate.
Group of learned lawyers:  "Guys, uh, that may not be entirely legal, you might not want to do it."

DEA (Cartman voice):  "Fuck you, I do want I want!"
Well it's really stopped all drug activity, those guys are almost as effective as Border Patrol.

I think the only job any agency does is watch... and not do a damn thing.
Not like it matters, there's daily drug deals in the alley behind my house, and cops only react when there's a perp running, or altercation with drunkies, then out comes the bird to hover over our neighborhood for 2 hours at 2am
Remember when they promised the spying would only be used on terrorists?
It isn't legal but the DEA doesn't give a fuck! 
Related story:

http://www.desertsun.com/longform/news/crime_courts/2015/11/11/riverside-county-drug-trafficking/75232146/
This is where I'm going to start texting all my friends about shipping large amounts of drugs to various locations. Just cause.
&gt;Zellerbach said the operation grew under the leadership of an aggressive new lawyer, Deena Bennett, who still heads the wiretap unit today.

&gt;Bennett, a one-time contestant on the reality show Survivor, rebuffed attempts to contact her, telling a reporter that "the fact that you have my cellphone number is really harassment, and I'm going to report it."

...I'm almost speechless to hear the person who's pushing mass wiretapping complain about people knowing her phone number... I guess she has no sense of irony.
The fact that news stories like this get so little comments scares the shit out of me.
Fuck this war on drugs.  The DEA needs dissolved. 
The war on drugs was never about drugs. Remember that. 
Why the fuck is the Justice Department *fearing* it may be illegal instead of *warning* it may be illegal. Isn't it their job to make sure these fucks follow the law?
How are drugs wore than these shit head 1984 government agencies?  The medicine is worse than the disease 
Always easier to apologize than ask permission
Mcnulty is at it again
Its only illegal if you're not part of the government, or given permission by the government. Actual written laws br damned
It's obvious to me that they are simply monitoring a market which they own. Gotta make sure business is running smooth.
So not only is what they do not legal, but they also can't even prosecute people with a criminal offence over it? A guy got away without going to prison having trafficked 36lbs of meth and 6lbs of heroin...and they can only confiscate his cash under a civil suit?! Not only is their system for intelligence gathering illegal, but it's clearly not even fit for purpose.
Who cares if it's illegal?  It's unethical.
Why the fuck would they care about legality or stop because its illegal? 
One thing I've learned living in the US for the entirety of my life is that if it's in a legal grey area you can expect it to be done by the government, businesses, and people.
So sick of the DEA's shit 
Isn't the DEA part of the justice department?
Fucking abolish the DEA
Time to eliminate the entire budget for the DEA. They have no respect for the law nor the Constitution and they serve no beneficial purpose.
Initially i read it as DAE... and was confused as to why you would ask a question as specific as this one.
Since when does taking an oath to uphold the U.S. Constitution mean anything?
may not be legal....well, if you arent buying coke in LA, you have nothing to hide  /s
So if it's proven illegal would everyone arrested by the program be acquitted?
"..who *FEAR* the practice may not be legal.....???"

WTF ?

who fucking **KNOW** the practice is illegal.
Unless they have a warrant for every phone they tap then of course it ain't legal, and those motherfuckers never get warrants. 
Hey I have an idea!  How about we shut down the DEA?
This seems like a huge cash/asset grab if they know going into it they can't charge any traffickers in federal court. Also, if they are only wiretapping phones and text messages then they only catch the traffickers who are stupid enough to talk on the phone or get pulled over with drugs in the car. 
Shut 'er down, I say.
"may not be legal" Are you fucking kidding me?
The Wire: Los Angeles.  SHeeeeeeeit.
I read this as DAE and was wondering why would anyone at all do this.

Carry on.
"Who fear the practice may not be legal"

Shouldn't they know whether it's illegal or not? They're lawyers. I feel like if they knew for certain it was illegal, they'd state its illegal. Do they not know exactly what the DEA is doing regarding this? Or is "fear it may not be legal" just a way of getting the story looked at? 
If you live in California, file a lawsuit against the DEA for failing to obtain consent, as California is a 2-party consent for recording state. Tell everyone you know to do the same.

Enough lawsuits pile up and they'll be burdened with trying to clear through it all.
Objections from Justice Department lawyers mean fuck all.

Indictments mean business.

I can see some program aiding in the quick scanning of text messages, but how are they keeping track of tens of thousands of peoples phone calls? You can't tap everybody it simply isn't practical.
"It's easier to ask for forgiveness than ask for permission"
Doesn't pass the first test: it sounds illegal.

Of course this in and of itself isn't definitive proof and never should be taken as such. But it is a sizable indicator that *maybe*, just maybe it isn't legal.
It's ok, it can't be illegal since you're not allowed to sue them for it. Of course, you can't sue them because you don't have standing because you can't prove they spied on you, and you can't prove that without suing them, which you don't have standing to do.

See? It all works out and is on the up and up.
**Find the wiretap building and destroy it!**
I've misread DEA as DICE EA at least 5 times now. I keeps confusing me for a split second.
Heads need to start rolling.
They're up on the wire!
It's not legal, but they do what they want...
May not be legal?  This is clearly illegal 
Pretty sure it's not legal, since I believe you need 2 of the 3 parties consent to wiretap. I'm sure I'll be corrected if I'm wrong on that since my memory is hazy. 
Please can we stick to talking about rampart 
Fear is not the right word. They "fear"it might be illegal? Like anyone eould go to jail over it. At worst some career damage.
But their head believes that recreational marijuana users who try to scam the medical marijuana system are the ones who are making a mockery of things.
Round up this drug cartel and hang 'em all.
"To monitor drug trafficking", not for stopping per se but more over to ensure they get their cut as they allow it to move across the borders.
I wouldn't be surprised if there were setups like this all over the country.
We should find these data centers and burn them down. See if that's legal later. 
I have a stressful job. I text my coworkers constantly about needing a joint. I don't smoke. I wonder how many DEA resources I've wasted.  You're welcome.  
Kinda funny how they follow state laws for wiretapping when it better suits them, but state laws regarding the recreational and medical use of cannabis are not recognized because federal law trumps them. 
[If...](http://i.imgur.com/eANJPJE.jpg)
Gotta stop people from smoking them medicinal marijuana leaves.
somehow i doubt this is happening in just LA
Given how effective and beneficial the War on Drugs has been, DEA was totally justified here. Wait...
May not be legal.... Are we a nation of laws or not?
[deleted]
"Fear it may not be legal." Uhhh yeah... It's not. Duh.
Wow, there must have been a lot of bankers arrested handling all of that drug money.
The rot comes from the top. LAPD sees NSA flouting the Fourth Amendment, and they figure "Hey, why not us?" Hell, there's even the scent of hero worship in the quotations contained in the article. Example:

&gt; Hestrin said prosecutors "follow the law to the letter" when seeking wiretaps, but he would not discuss the details. "This is an area of our law, an area of our law enforcement, where we can't be totally transparent, *in the same way that the federal government can't be totally transparent about the massive intelligence operations they run*," he said.

Translation: "Yeah guys, we're like, way important. Like, federal government-level important. Even though we're a city police department, we're still like, super-important. So we have to be super-secretive. So fuck off with your 'constitution' and your 'fourth amendment'. We're way too important for that shit."

Every LEO wants to be a spy answerable to no one, just like in the movies. And the federal government's rampant violations of basic civil liberties have sent the signal that that behavior is completely, 100% acceptable. Because, I dunno, terrorism. And drugs. And kiddie porn. Pick your excuse.
I'm starting to not give a shit whether or not something is illegal. If you're spying on your own people, you're doing something wrong.
Just following the example of their big brother, the NSA. 
Well? Was it legal? Im guessing it was legal, otherwise you would have said "...lawyers who said IT WAS ILLEGAL," opposed to "...practice MAY NOT be legal."
So if I just start texting people like "yo you got da shit?" "yeah I got da shit" "yo kai git summadat shit?" "wtf kinda shit is dis mahfucka", The DEA will come knock on my door? With guns?
Great, the USA Freedom Act is close to coming into effect and we figure out the fucking DEA is doing this shit? 
If this even travels further than being objections from the Justice Department, the DEA will give the standard answer "Who's going to stop us?" It's not like they've been held particularly accountable for their dubious practices in the past. It's ~~Cowboys &amp;~~ Outlaws and less regimented Outlaws.
Well good thing this is only confined to LA and not all other major cities in the country /s
"Sue me because your tax dollars will cover our fuck-ups." -DEA
So there's all this hub bub about the legality of fantasy sports and this is going on? Not sure why the government seems to be more interested in my staking a few bucks that my lineup is better than my friend's, but these guys can access thousands of people's personal conversations, no problem. Smh.
[lol fear the practice may not be legal?  uhhh yeah - I'm no lawyer but ..](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4tDniownNd4)
The DEA are in cahootz with cartels. Theyvare the biggest advocates of the war on drugs, because it makes them powerful and fucks over everyone in the middle
Well god fucking damn it. I live in la. Fuck the Dea. 

I hope they enjoyed all the texts with only "lol". And I'm glad they missed (or didn't care) about all the times I used my phone to get weed. 
Feeling safer by the day.

Probably should have put "monitor drug traffickers" in quotation marks because we can be all but certain that they are monitoring more than that. 
This isn't surprising at all.  Just add the DEA to the long list of government agencies blatantly violating our constitutional rights. I wouldn't be surprised if the Bureau of the Census had stingrays and an arsenal and small army to go with it at this point. 

Any rational person with common sense knows what they are doing is illegal any why we shouldn't be doing stuff like this even if we do catch more criminals. These agencies know it too, which is why they rely on their lawyers to creatively re-interpret the law in a way that magically makes what they are doing legal, and then turn around and do everything possible to keep all knowledge of these programs out of public knowledge/debate and out of the court system where there is a 10% chance of it being shutdown once it makes up to the higher courts. Our system of checks and balances is dead people. The executive branch does whatever it wants for its own political reasons and congress does nothing to stop it because the same party controls ~50% and you need a lot more than the other half to stop it. Congress does whatever its anti-capitalist, anti-competition corporate sponsors want it to do and the executive branch goes along with it to keep its support in Congress.  The judicial branch there are still some honest judges left but that doesn't matter when they are outmaneuvered and the higher courts are packed with political hacks looking to get appointed to higher posts by the executive branch or high paying gigs in the corporate world. Voters do nothing because they are largely ignorant or apathetic and only the anointed few hand picked by their parties leadership because they will play ball and the mega rich have any chance of winning a national election. The Constitution is a mere inconvenience to these people to be ignored at will.
AM I THE ONLY ONE WHO ACTUALLY READ THE ARTICLE HERE?? Jesus fucking christ people the DEA had warrants for everyone. The problem here is that a judge gave out five times more warrants than an average judge, which doesn't seem to bad considering he's the judge presiding over an area that currently has a large drug operation....
DEA don't care about legal, they're cops: They're *above* the law. And pick up that can, citizen.
Taps and pen registers are legal and are approved through a court, as the article points out.  The funding for these has fallen in recent years. 

There are far more concerning things you need to be reading about instead of these. Be glad that they get court approval to begin with.

Also read the article and not the thread title
I read DAE and was so confused 
Is anyone even surprised by this?
But did they get a USSID-18 waiver?

-The NSA
ya gotta do what ya gotta do to protect your interests.  
All the hiphop i've listened to has taught me that the DEA are bad people. 
Why does the Chief Executive of this country do something about this? 

 Oh, I forgot *He* is still in office.
I'd bet this has been happening in every city all over the US for at least a decade.
I don't know how else DEA is supposed to prevent illegal activities beforehand.  Let's just wait till shit happens I guess.  What they need to do is make the wiretappers accountable for their misdeeds but then therein lies another problem...
Why do you think they give out free phones all over the place? 
you would think they really really want some drugs, just like the rest of America. Who cares if they are breaking the law to catch people breaking the law.
Saying the inhabitants of Los Angeles are Americans is like saying that Syrian refugees are European. We lost that city back to Mexico a long time ago. 
US library IT Manager here. This is a great and ambitious idea, but it's not all upside. We're considering purchasing mobile hotspots to lend out, and the feedback we've heard from other libraries already doing so is that the wait lists for the devices are massive. Our tech budget is already stretched thin, so we would need grants just to get the program off the ground. Buying more to cut down on wait list times is sadly not a likely option. We're all about opening up technology and internet access to all our patrons, but I can't help but feel like this initiative is more or less throwing starfish back into the ocean.

Even still, it's substantially better than nothing. Our school districts adopted 1-to-1 programs last year, so every public student in grades K-12 has an iPad, laptop, or Chromebook. 30% of them don't have internet at home and have to go to fast food restaurants or come to the library (or sit in our parking lot after hours) to submit homework. The tech is a kiss/curse for them. 

I'm ecstatic that libraries are the one's trying to fill the digital access gap, but I'm really looking forward to the day that broadband internet becomes a utility that everyone has access to.
X post from /r/Delawareoh
This is amazing 
I guess it's a step in the right direction. Free nationwide wifi is what the US needs. 
As someone from Delaware Ohio,  this is pretty damn cool 
Ohio public libraries are truly the best. Cincinnati has a HUGE makerspace that is able to be used for free! Want to 3D print that phone stand? Just reserve the time and pay cost for the material (or bring your own). Sewing machines, vinyl cutters, huge printers, laser etchers...everything.
The Kitchener, Ontario library (KPL) rolled out a similar plan a few months ago.
Libraries are basically Bill Gates' spirit animal. 
Damn I'm gonna drive up to Ohio for free internet! 
The government should provide free internet.  The NSA would make a great ISP.
So I could check one out, take a road trip, and have WiFi the whole time?
Good. If one poor kid gets to binge on Wikipedia for the first time then I'm happy about this.
This is to get rid pf the weirdos that watch porn in the library
What would be great is, if like quite a few asian cities, we could have free citywide WiFi.
The Seattle Public Library has had this in place for what must be a few years now. 
My local library has hotspots and chromebooks to lend out (haven't tried to get one so I don't know how long the watlist is), and a 3d printer, and probably some other stuff I don't know about. There is a plan (including local bond measure, etc) to do a massive expansion of the library to meet the needs of the community;  it seems like about half the community is in favor of it and half is STRONGLY opposed to it, lots of complaining about how the library should be for books, not technology, and how all the kids at the library are making it impossible for anyone who wants to use the library for a library.

On that last, before you think that people are just old and cranky, there is something to it:  the library is right next to the middle school, and the 1-2 hours after the middle school lets out the library is like an unsupervised after-school center.  Lots of kids not being "library quiet", all the computers are being used by kids playing video games (which is frankly a big problem: kids that actually want to do homework on the computers can't get one to use).  It points to a bigger community problem with there not being anything else for the kids to do while both parents are working.
Haha I'm from Delaware too! Small world
This project could actually get funding. It's a slippery slope to put funding into good use and not take advantage of it, but a library is such a place that kinda always needs funding.

I love the idea.
I'm looking to do something like this for a school. I know sprint has free 3gb of data for free with their connected program. I'm also looking how I can use a ptmp Wireless connection. With a security deposit on the subscriber ends. We don't use nearly as much data after hours so why not give it back to the public for those in need. 
Free of charge? I hope they come with a charger then!

Terrible jokes aside, this is awesome. 
That sounds awesome.  
My high school already has this. Glad to see internet being accessible to everyone
Thats really cool. My net on my phone would be too slow for college sometimes. That would've really helped out. 
I sure could have used this, the past couple of weeks. The wifi here is... slow!
I read "delaware county" and automatically thought this was the one i live in until i read Ohio. This would be an awesome idea for all libraries to do!
The Hillsborough County Public Library Cooperative (Tampa, FL) just announced internally that they plan to roll out something similar.  They will be unlimited data tablets instead of hotpots (but hey, tethering).
I'd like to order 1 internet please !
Great way to ensure wifi for everyone. They should make it password free so everyone around the could use it too.
What's sad is the actual use of em. I would love if people just took them for road trips and such... But if they're to used at home just to save some bandwidth? Feels like a waste of someone else's time. I prefer families taking them so their kids won't get bored on the road. I have 2tb limit on my lte Internet... Abroad! I'm currently in UK using it as hotspot for my ipad. So this would not benefit me in any shape of form. Just don't be greedy, there are people that could actually use it. 
Whaaaaat? They can do *that*?!
My city library has been doing this for a while now, but they're strangely always checked out with a huge waiting list :(
Very interesting. I wonder what this will mean for long term net neutrality and data caps. 
So good, it scratched that part of my mind, part that doesn't allow good to exist without condition.
Something absolutely has got to give with internet access. It's just too critical to be this nonsensical regional monopoly. 


This is the Best Thinking about it.
My library has been doing this for over a year.
This is a step in the direction towards having the internet become a public good.  It only makes sense with how dependent our daily lives have gotten upon this tech to have it ripped from the hands of telecoms and provide free accessibility. 
This is a great, democratising move, but needs a lot of resources to succeed.

I would like to see a lot more of this.
This just in - Verizon bankruptcy local library!!
My local library barely have books :(
Why not put up a white spaces antenna and start broadcasting internet?
Hell! I'd pay to rent one out. $5 a month. 

Would save me $10 a month ($120 a year).
With the way Comcast is leading, this might have to become a thing.
The school district I work for offers these as an alternative internet plan. If don't have the means to afford internet and you have a child that is in a program that allows them to take home an iPad or ChromeBook they can also check out a hotspot to take home as well. 
This seems like a waste of money that the library can put it in better programs. I can't see how this can really help the community out. If it to provide Internet access to poor people then 2 weeks isn't long enough and it would be better to subsidize Internet to their home. 
[deleted]
This will undoubtedly turn into a company funded in return of logs of all the data transferred that you'll have to agree to and many will sign due to stupidity
This has got to be a scam. Comcast says 50gb is worth $10.
As a 20yr IT guy... I have a gut-instinct feeling this type of idea won't be very successful. (Well... for clarity,.. I'm sure it will be "popular" (and the article backs that up)... but "popular" is different than "successful")

The problems I'd anticipate:

1.) Without any way to "vet" who's borrowing the Hotspots.. it's entirely possible the main demographic (poor/underprivileged) are going to get "cock-blocked" by people wanting to extend their home-Internet by borrowing a Library-Hotspot and using the everloving fuck out of it. So.. while I like the original intent of this idea (to loan Hotspots to people who desperately need them).. I wonder how you enforce that ?.. (and you can't really in any effective way). 

2.) Unless the Library has some specific/binding contract with the Cellular-provider.. I can't see the description of "unlimited data" working out that well. What happens if someone Torrents 24/7 for the full 2 weeks. And the next person does the same thing. And the next person does the same thing. At some point.. the cellular provider is gonna start kicking-back on that. You can't just have tons of people using unlimited data without someone somewhere paying $$ for it. 

3.) Who pays for the damage/replacements/lost Hotspots ?... 

4.) I wonder how the waiting-list works. What if you're a poor student who lives in an area with no Internet.. and you get the Hotspot for 2 weeks..but then you have to wait 3 months to get it again... that's not very helpful. Or lets say you just moved to Town.. and it's going to take 3 weeks to get your Internet installed - but the wait-list for a Hotspot is 2 months.. that's also not very helpful. 
The concept of EvilTwin Hotspots scare me. And with our government battling encryption, it's only a matter of time before VPN becomes illegal.
so let me get this straight this is only at this one library and not every public library? 
What does it mean two weeks at a time? It's unlimited data, what changes at two weeks? 
That doesn't seem sustainable unless the libraries have unlimited funds. Do libraries in the US have unlimited funds ?
This whole idea is a joke. I think we should aim for public wifi in designated areas as public projects and forget about providing hot spots, aside from special cases. Just my point of view from a resources and technology perspective.
GREAT NEWS you can get a truly unlimited data LTE high speed internet hotspot (no throttling and no data caps) for just $42.99 a month from http://Unlimitedville.com 

We can handle 1,000's of orders because we are authorized by Sprint so if you know any schools/libraries/businesses/persons that could utilize our limited time offer please pass us along!
With such a large demand, why not charge a small fee so you can atleast build up the number of devices? 

Seems that free trumps smart.
I feel like this is the 5th library-related post to hit the front page this month.  I'm all for libraries, but I'm starting to suspect a secret librarian conspiracy to promote their trade.
oh yeah...this doesn't have any possibility of abuse. \s
 naive librarian
So borrow the hotspot, do not return....  At 10 cents a day late fee I get a mobile hotspot for a year at 3.00 per month......    Sounds sweet to me.    
So what if I download 2 terabytes of Japanese tentacle porn with these? I mean if you say unlimited data, it has to be unlimited data, I really don't like how the term 'unlimited' is used these days when it comes to data caps.
NYC public libraries do this.  So do most of colleges in NYC (source, work at a school with spotty wifi and many of my coworkers take advantage of the program).  I don't know if it's all libraries but I know the one near my school does because my coworkers are always having to rush over there to renew them or switch them to another coworkers account.
fat kristen schall?
Walkerjgt....nothing is free.  You need to call it "Taxpayer subsidized" wifi.
Horrible idea. Why should US taxpayers subsidize someone's mobile internet browsing needs?? My taxes are already high enough
Those are on my taxes, so I demand that the Internet access via those mobile hotspots is censored. 

The notion that freedom of speech means that I personally need to pay for somebody doing something large portion of society disagrees with is insane. 

Freedom means freedom of enterprise. Period. Nothing more. 

Government restricts access to the employees so they do not waste tax money on dubious activities from government computers (note that it's not about employees time, it's about resources, since it's restricted 24/7), why then tax money should be wasted on somebody watching porn in the library or, as it will be even more abandoned, via a tax-payed mobile hotspot?
There's already internet access in the library... 
&gt;There are no renewals, so once your loan period is up, the device will be deactivated.

Isn't it a better idea to require that the device be returned after the rental period is over? So that it can be reused, save on costs, etc? 
Part of me wants to see Comcast keep pushing and pushing until finally, the dam breaks and the government is forced to treat ISP's as a public utility.
This is a genuine question. I'm not sure what's so bad about the Binge On program. Can someone explain this better to me?
FINAL EDIT
-----
I SEE THE LIGHT. While I think what T-mobile is doing is great, it's because I trust them to not screw me. If all the other ISPs did it it would be bad. It's easiest to say all traffic is the same with no caveats rather then only letting cars with approved paint colors take the left lane and pass everyone.

---------


I have one question about the T-mobile binge on. Aren't they opening the program to anyone who meets their specs? Doesn't that mean even startups and small businesses can use it? Or are the requirements to hard for small companies to afford to meet?

I can see if they were opening up their program only to netflix but if any company can join why is this an issue of free internet? Just because they are keeping a data cap? Or lowering my speed if I go over?


EDITED---------


Finally! Thanks to /u/wayward_wanderer we have the specs. Can someone read them and make them smaller words so my sheep brain can understand?
http://www.t-mobile.com/content/dam/tmo/en-g/pdf/BingeOn-Video-Technical-Criteria-November-2015.pdf
That explains the sudden push for comcast and their data caps. You either go with their tv options or stream with them,  or you pay them a bribe to get unlimited back. 
Comparing Comcast to T-Mobile? Go home BGR, you're drunk.
Actually, T-Mobile is one of the biggest supporters of net neutrality in the telecom industry.  The whole binge-on program is a technical specification that if ANY video stream provider can meet, their customers using the service are not charged for the bandwidth that is used while using the service.  The specification is also an open standard.  How is that breaking the internet? 
ITT: People who realize they aren't actually for net neutrality if it means they can get something they like for free now.
Cyber guy here. On land we have zero bandwidth issues. So ISPs like Comcast are bad because they are putting a cap on data. Carriers have a challenge. How do we provide a service that doesn't hurt bandwidth on our towers? T-Mobile can allow anyone to participate in the program if they follow easy specs. They don't want legal on their back for illegal content. That's good. 480 is alright because it doesn't hurt bandwidth in the end. So coverage and service will be great. This pushes other providers to change or they lose customers. 
Previously, cell providers have successfully argued that caps are necessary to help regulate the limited bandwidth available to cell sites. 

With binge on, T-Mo is saying, actually unlimited is fine as long as individual bandwidth consumption stays below a certain level.

If they have the ability to serve unlimited data within the bandwidth limitations imposed by "Binge On" then why don't they make those constraints and unlimited bandwidth universal? 

I see only two options:
Pro consumer option: This is a carefully controlled test case, preceeding a wider rollout at a later date. 

Anti-consumer option: This is establishing an ostensibly consumer friendly walled garden, to which they can later charge admission.

I hope, but doubt, that it is the former.
Simple answer for the capitalist market is, yes. A more educated answer is going to be a mix of yes and no. 

while these companies are able to provide services to many people in a way that minimizes redundancy (through the interaction of multiple companies), the lack of competition geographically allows these companies to unfortunately get away with a lot of problem areas.

Customer service is one of the newer components of "new generation" businesses. Quite frankly, in previous years, early marketing strategies suggested that the only thing needed to be successful was to push out the most product. Or maybe for a provider of a service it could be memberships.

However, in more monopolostic companies, they don't have to worry as much about market forces shifting their strategies. Comcast and t-mobile rely on memberships, only its the value of the content they provide that is dropping for people. They don't have to worry too much about membership switching because most people don't have better options (due to the monopolistic nature of their geographies).

So if we make things competitive again, will that fix everything? Well, sort of. In a more competitive market, the products and service usually increase in quality as market forces will shift the pricing to reflect value more accurately. I believe this will solve most of America's concerns about internet currently. by having it more competitive, we will open ourselves up to having higher speed, lower latency, and lower costing internet, while maintaining great customer service (and perhaps easy ways to cancel out of contracts.)







Comcast and Tmo are complete opposites. Comcast wants to cap customers and then nickel &amp; dime them. Tmo is allowing you to stream unlimited music and videos and it doesn't affect your data plan. People might say "Well Tmo isn't allowing it for every streaming service" and I say that they are letting people suggest new services and then vote which is added next to the list. They've been doing that with the music and I'm sure they'll do it next with the video.
Data should already be free (or at least much higher caps).  It's the same thing as when cell service providers were charging per minute for calls, or extra for picture messages over texts.  As far as I'm concerned, T-Mobile is taking a necessary step that will hopefully light a fire that leads us to an unlimited data future. 
what i really want is for xbox live and psn not to count against my cap. download 1 good game and it is 25% of your cap
I know this may not be a popular response, but...

I've had T-Mobile for YEARS now, and they are still one of the most reasonably priced carriers out there.  I am with them now, because for $100/mo both the wife and I have unlimited 4G data - no caps, no throttling.  T-Mobile is the only carrier to offer this that I'm aware of. 

I checked out the packages when they came out, and they seemed to take existing data packages/pricing, and throw this in on top of the current offerings.

In T-mobile's case, it seems to be an expansion rather than restriction.  The outcry against datacaps with Comcast (in my opinion) is what lead T-Mobile to exempt these streaming services from the normal data plans.

Still, though... Fuck Comcast.  Just don't hate on T-Mobile for offering free streaming on top of existing plans, when the public outcry was "But my streaming will eat up my data!!!". No other mobile carrier is even close, but I welcome the correction if this is not the case...
There's a couple huge fucking differences between T-Mobile's cap and Comcast's cap:

* T-Mobile throttles you when you hit your "cap"
* T-Mobile has data-stash (data rollover)
* T-Mobile cap is actually about network congestion
Comcast is going to be the next Blockbuster, and it is no coincidence that they viewed and treated their customers in the same pathetic manner.
This thread is an amazing study and it shows who the true supporters of net neutrality are.

Suddenly once violations of net neutrality favor consumers, they completely forget everything negative that could come out of it and praise it.

It's also fascinating seeing how many people completely miss the point and actual definition of net neutrality.
BGR: Serving up terrible journalism since the day they started.
It's baffling how many people here claim to support net neutrality and have no idea what it actually is. Net Neutrality isn't just about preventing ISPs from slowing down or blocking certain types of data, it's

&gt; Net neutrality (also network neutrality, Internet neutrality, or net equality) is the principle that Internet service providers and governments should **treat all data on the Internet the same**, not discriminating or charging differentially by user, content, site, platform, application, type of attached equipment, or mode of communication.

By not counting streaming audio or video against your data cap they are not treating all data the same. Even if it seems to benefit the consumer it is still a violation of net neutrality. 
When Comcast allows other digital video content providers to be unfettered, then we can talk about comparing the 2.  TMobile has and will probably remain "For the People".  The Comcastic Gulag is the beast that needs euthanizing immediately.  Why hasn't Anon put a sanctioned Digital Hit on Cohen or his Cronies?  For a group that only exists in the digital world, I would think they would be at the top of the list of people wanting some justice from these Pumpernickel Pickle Pumpers , That phrase is trademarked too by the way! :) 
Honestly with consumers like me, the more they do this the more I just turn away from their media.

If they tried to continue to charge me outrages prices for data on my home ISP, I just won't stream and will instead read more books. Plenty of great print media out there.
So they're breaking net neutrality. Is that legal?
As a T-Mobile customer I'd rather have unlimited high speed data, but these fast services of the cap are a nice perk. 
I'm confused to how T-Mobile is included in "ruining the internet". 

Someone please help me understand. 

I thought T-Mobile had unlimited internet for $X and it isn't a ISP at all. 
Of course they want to impede innovation. Innovation is their greatest enemy. Just look at what Netflix has done to cable and they don't even have sports or news.
I get that T-Mobile isn't following net neutrality with their music streaming and go l binge on thing but until it's all unlimited it's great for me. I can use Google play music all i want and Netflix too. Saves my data for reddit
T-Mobile, in what way? Didn't they just release a campaign for unlimited streaming of Netflix, Hulu, etc? 
T-Mobile is actually doing good things. But yeah, at the end of the day, it's still technically not net neutrality, as good as it might be for the consumer.
T-Mobile has unlimited internet plans. No caps. Not exactly in the same league as Comcast, whom is actively trying to enforce caps. And T-Mobs capped plans have been capped for a while. Since inception of the company, actually. This is just making their capped plans _better_ at no cost to the consumer. They're not offering fast lanes or services for more money. They're literally out there trying to make things better for their customers.

I'm not saying I like this specialist inclusion of only specified partners, because it's laughing in the face of net neutrality, but putting them in the same crowd as Comcast is stretching it a little. T-Mob is actively making things better and cheaper, and Comcast is actively making things worse and more expensive.

Oh wait, this is BGR. So... clickbait. Got worked up over nothing.
If anything T-Mobile is approaching this the smart way by making the content we want more accessible than pirating. 

Comcast on the other hand just spews shit out of every orifice it has. 
Uhhh T-Mobile? With their unlimited plans....? Are you high?
The Reddit circle-jerk for T-Mobile is ridiculous.  If traffic is treated differently, whether they charge more for it or give it away for free, then net neutrality has been violated. Period. I know everyone loves their cheap T-Mobile plans, but this is a slippery slope in exactly the same way as Comcast. Does the power company make it free for me to run my microwave? Does the water company not charge me for showers? If you want Internet to be classified as a utility, you have to start treating it like one, even if it's a consumer-friendly deal like T-Mobile.
There's only so much spectrum available for interconnectivity with mobile devices so the parallel between Comcast and T-Mobile is so thin it's not worth mentioning. 

Comcast on the other hand, just like most other ISPs, stalled device/infrastructure upgrades in the name of profit. DOCSIS3.0 has been available for years and we're just now getting it and it's only because of competition. Secondly, those fuckers have metric tons of bandwidth. It's land based technology. We have not yet beyond to tap the meter to the point of congestion despite what they may say. It's just more costly to do upgrades.
I have nothing bad to say about T-Mobile. 29.99 a month for my phone, no contract, unlimited data. That's more than any other phone company can do from what I've seen.
I signed up for t-mobile this year. I get unlimited talk, text, and data with upgrades every year and a protection plan for less than AT&amp;T and Verizon. Why do we hate them? 
while what tmobile is doing is technically against net neutrality, I see this as neutral maybe even a bit positive since cell data is inherently limited and tmo is pretty much saying "your limits for general use are still in place but hey fuck it have as much of these things as you want". or in other words cell data has always been limited and they are being cool and opening it up a bit rather than limiting what was traditionally an unlimited service and only making exceptions for people who pay up.
Your headline asks a question, therefore the answer is "no."
We should all buy Comcast shares up to 50.01% and vote for a new board of directors.
What's tmobile doing? I'm at 30Gigs a month with my unlimited data 
The difference here is that T-Mobile isn't using this as a shady loophole to grab more money. From what I can tell, they're making their service better in order to attract more customers and retain their current customers.
not by themselves. there's AT&amp;T, verizon, sprint, and all of their budget carriers like ting, boost mobile, etc, and that's just the cellphone companies. 

They and majority of ISP's are all ruining the internet with inane prices, capped and overpriced data, frequent changes to your plan's speed and data limits, and throttling (both for downloads, and for specific websites) just to name a few. 

Most of this stuff should be illegal, and it's amazing just how bad it's gotten in the past few years. 
Give it 10 years, and connectivity will be a public utility like water or power.  It will just be something that everyone has and takes for granted.  But before that happens, the dinosaurs will fight to the death.  They know that the end is coming.
&gt; Sure, car companies can negotiate with governments in each and every one of the 48 contiguous states, but what happens if some states won’t play ball? And what happens if an entrepreneur with a brilliant idea for a new type of car doesn’t have the time or resources to negotiate with all 48 states?

You mean like Uber has to do at the country, state, and local level everywhere they have drivers? We clearly need a federal taxi bureaucracy. And the U.N. needs to establish a "rider"s rights" charter.

That was /s BTW.
I have no idea why you put T-Mobile in the same realm as Comcast.  T-Mobile is actually doing *good* things for the internet...you know...because they're not monsters.
This thread was cached by another reddit user in the event that it is edited or no longer exists. 

 &gt;**Cache URL:** http://udrc.co/c/733220281

 *I am a bot for Un-Delete reddit Comments (UDrC) that only posts links other reddit users have cached when there are a lot of replies to a popular thread.* 

 You can visit the UDrC subreddit at /r/udrc or visit http://udrc.co/.
In the beginning, the internet was just engineers, trying to make it work

Then the scammers and spammers invaded, then the criminals

Now, it has become political, with big money involved

Now we need to use political pressure to ensure that the internet remains a free and open highway
I don't care about the T-mobile half because there's 3 other major carriers so the market will decide if this competitive differentiation is worthwhile, but Comcast needs to die. They are the most evil monopoly that exists and the fact they go unregulated baffles me.
How is T-Mobile with their Binge On service harming anything?
I've looked into T-Mobile's Binge On and it doesn't seem like the same thing as what Comcast and Verizon tried to do some time ago. First thing, T-Mobile isn't getting paid a dime from any of the providers. They're working with the providers so they can reasonably allow for unlimited streaming without killing their network. This does mean that providers have to meet some technical requirements though. Also, it's open to any streaming provider that is willing to work with them. They've got a lot of providers signing on and more on the way.

[Here are the details. Look at the bottom of the page under "Will you add more streaming providers over time?"](http://www.t-mobile.com/offer/binge-on-streaming-video.html?icid=WMM_TM_Q415BNGONU_307RH9T7AUR3351)

"Yes. If they meet technical requirements, we’ll investigate the feasibility of adding them. No one pays to join and no money is exchanged. T-Mobile will review all submissions to ensure legality, identification of video stream and technical requirements, including optimization for mobile viewing. T-Mobile is committed to maximizing YOUR choice and providing access to as many great providers as possible, click to learn more."
When BingeOn was first announced, my first thought was "YES!! Suck a dick Comcast! You and your data caps! Unlimited video streaming for all!"

Streaming makes up the vast majority of data use on T-Mobile's network, to make streaming free and open to ANY content provider (including porn) isn't a net neutrality issue, and I can't understand how the author could make Comcast and T-Mobile out to be similar (but I'm also not going to RTFA).
T-Mobile does not restrict any video or music service. They will include anyone who is willing to adjust their software to work on the T-Mobile network.
New one of these every day.
I think the important thing to take away from this article is that Tom Wheeler actively endorsed Binge On.  This not only severely cripples any chances of the FCC taking action or even looking into this issue, but this also means that he has essentially stated that the Net Neutrality rules he put into place will not be actively enforced.  

Programs like these are violations of both the letter and the spirit of Net Neutrality.  Tom Wheeler just ripped all the teeth out of Net Neutrality by giving his stamp of approval on not one but two blatant violations of those rules.  

The "slow lanes", they are a comin'
T-Mobile is simply not counting data usage from a few services, which is a + to all consumers any way you put it. However, if they were allowing Netflix with no data usage and SLOWING down Youtube, then there would be a problem.


My biggest problem with the T-Mo plan is that I already have their unlimited plan and use 50GB a month.. mostly on netflix. I might save money by dropping to a limited plan but I worry they will change it and I won't be able to get unlimited back.

In the long run, the T-Mobile plan is good for you if you have a limited plan in that it may cause Verizon and AT&amp;T to offer you more data to keep competitive but that probably won't happen until T-Mo chips deeper into their market share.

The T-Mo plan has nothing to do with net neutrality. All traffic is being handled on the internet itself as equal. This plan does perhaps inspire someone to subscribe to Netflix or switch to T-Mo and that's the entire point of competition. The more company A gives, the more company B needs to give to stay relevant. When big companies fight for our dollars we win as consumers. 


Wait wait wait... T-Mobile?  

Ok, sure, I can understand where you're coming from in that it kinda goes against net neutrality... but what TMobile is doing is actually driving innovation and competition. They are challenging other cell companies by saying 'look what we can do. We can give our customers free streaming, free movie watching, better prices, etc etc' because TMo recognizes that current state of the cell industry and wants to shake that up.  

Like, seriously, I wish it was that easy for ISPs to do the same, to come along and say "screw you Comcast, we give our customers 1Gbps speeds at 1/2 the cost and also give them free phones and bunnies and cookies... oh and btw, at least our help desk isn't worse than ISIS'"  

Look, I'm all for true neutrality across the board, but if this is what it takes to shake up stagnation and evil, then so be it, because at least TMo's "violation" of neutrality isn't screwing the customer - it's screwing the competition.
It horrifies me that T-mobile are put into one category with Comcast here. T-mobile is incredibly customer-centric compared to its competition (AT&amp;T and Verizon), so much that they offered to buy out contracts to switch to their service, which is both less expensive and has virtually unlimited data. As a foreigner, I couldn't have gone with a better service provider, after all the others offered complete shit to me. 

The fact that this is lumping t-mobile and compact together is completely ridiculous to me. This is why we can't have nice things.
Haven't read the article yet but, didn't T-Mobile just double everybody's data usage cap (for free) and exclude streaming services such as netflix, amazon, youtube, spotify, etc. from those data caps recently?

that doesn't seem like "ruining the internet" to me...
Comcast: yes    
T-Mobile: no
NO NO NO NO NO NO FUCKING A NO. Do not put the 2 together. ANYONE can participate into the Binge On program. You just have to meet the tech specs. That is not unreasonable. They are not paying T-Mobile anything extra at all. Anyone here can make a video service and participate. Comcast is a completely different beast. 
[deleted]
If they're taking something away, I'll complain. If they're giving me something, I see no reason to complain.
Comcast, yes. Tmobile, no.

Quit making sensationalized bullshit articles OP.
I can't believe the amount of anti-t-mobile shills around here. The fact that so many users in a sub labelled "technology" don't understand how the internet works amazes me.

T-mobile has no control whatsoever on what their users watch/listen to. Music freedom and bingeon and whatever else do not violate net neutrality.

All packets coming from anywhere in tmobiles network are treated the same. Nothing gets a higher priority, no one service has more bandwidth than the other, the only time tmobile intentionally changes the speed of which you get content is when you go over your data plan.

Comcast's "fast lane" plan would intentionally alter on Comcast's network which service you would get a better connection to. It would prioritize packets of subscribed services over non subscribed services.

T-mobile is not doing that and it should be obvious who would want to paint it that way.
The T-Mobile comparison is completely false. With 23 different streaming partners and the willingness to be open about who is included it's not the same thing as Comcast at all.

Plus their analogy is just stupid:

"Is Jane Q. Startup, founder a small bootstrapped streaming media company, supposed to approach every single carrier in the world, or even just every carrier in the U.S., and negotiate all those deals?"

In that scenario, the startup that can't negotiate a deal with T-Mobile has absolutely no hope of competing with Netflix or Hulu or any of the others.
Every exec who works against net neutrality in favor of profits should die in a fire.
What's tmobile done wrong exactly? I'm not up to to date with what they're doing in the US, but over here in the Netherlands I don't think they're doing anything wrong.. 
Maybe the comments here show that Net Neutrality isn't exactly a "black/white" issue, but that's just my opinion....

*sips tea*
This could all be fixed with the simplest law imaginable: all customers must be allowed to consume the same amount of data at the same speed for the same money. 

If for $5 a month they can give you unlimited music, then for $5 they can give you unlimited internet. If that truly overloads the network, they can impose a cap on the music (say 10GB) and give that same amount of data to everyone. 
Whatever you do will be useless after TPP 
Short of socializing the Internet (which is by all means, not a bad idea), this will just continue to happen. 

These conglomerates have one purpose: maximizing profits, reducing overhead. Translation: crappier service that costs you more. 

Essentials like this should always be 'Power to the People'. When it's something that, to do without, is harmful to society (like medical help, telecommunications), there is **absolutely no reason to leave it in the hands of those whose ENTIRE JOB is milking the market for all it's worth.**
First time I heard t-mobile was involved with anything negative regarding open internet. I always thought they were for a pro neutral stance
Is that even really a question...
You can turn off the Binge On feature whenever you like. It's just there incase you don't want to use your data up for the month.
Example why car analogies don't work? Hybrids get to drive in special lanes which are faster for free. If you don't have a hybrid you can pay extra to ride in the same lanes. It happens today and seems to be accepted.
These type of news have become common sense to the daily redditor. I can't speak for everyone but myself, but I feel like posting news about it does nothing but remind us  what we are not doing...
Why has Youtube and twitch (two biggest video bandwidth users) not got on this yet?
No. 

But they're trying.
They first push the myth of data being 'expensive' and limited but thru their magic pipe they can offer as much as you want. Funny that
I mean, BingeOn I thought was awesome. I cannot wait to utilize this on my laptop @ work. It's kinda like a big fuck you to the data caps carriers are implementing mainly b/c of streaming.
When I say sites I mean like Netflix, prime, Hulu, etc
I hate to see T-Mobile lumped into this.  So far they've shown a great deal of honor by trying to allow every legit service while Comcast shows no signs of really allowing any video service other than their own unless you and/or the video provider (Netflix, Vudu, YouTube, etc) pays extra.
Wow I'm surprised that people think that T-Mobile not counting streaming video against data plan buckets is a bad thing. But you have an option to not use the service, and watch at whatever resolution that you want. I have unlimited data plan with T-Mobile, which is cheaper than any Comcast 250gb plan.
Yeah, what a lot of people are missing is that T-Mobile's Binge On is optional. There's a convenient on/off switch right in your account if you don't want to use it.
i'm confused about the T-mobile thing. I could see the point if they charged extra for certain "free" streaming. But isn't the alternative just that everything counts against your data? Isn't giving some services free streaming for the same price and no different packages a good thing for the customer? Can someone explain to me how this could turn into a bad thing? Thank you :)
Comparing Comcast's caps on everything they aren't selling to T-Mobiles scheme of allowing any site with vetted legal content in is like comparing Scumbag Steve and Good Guy Greg because they are both memes
Think about what a pain in the ass bundling is on cable. You want that *one* channel, but if course you can't get it without a fuckload of other crap that you don't care about, oh yeah, and way more cash than you would have expected.

Imagine that with websites.  *FUUUUUUUCK* that!  It would be fucking TERRIBLE!  Oh yeah, and we'd be back to expensive porn, since they could just 'not include' the free porn sites in the exemption from data caps portion of the package.

Kill this shit with FIYA!
I don't get how t mobile always gets a pass with their stuff but now we see Comcast doing the same, and now it's bad. It was bad from the beginning the was just waiting to happen. 
We should start **our own** internet.
[deleted]
Comcast is ruining the internet period, their evil. T-Misobile is making it better by raising the data caps and lowering prices. They're unlimited data is only to select services because they have negotiated direct data routes into T-Mobile's network, or the providers are eating the data transport cost. This is almost a fair practice. Yes the little guy can't take advantage of this, but maybe T-Mobile will add select data centers to the list allowing the little guys to take advantage.
Add Verizon to the list of companies pushing toward a closed internet.
How is this not a violation of the FCC's rules?
Verizon, AT&amp;T, and likely all mobile providers have capped data plans. Why were they left out when T-Mobile was compared to Comcast's attempt to switch to the dark side?
If you're going to bitch at them for data caps and whatnot don't let the wireless providers slide either. 
Really hope they never cap metropcs but I'm sure it will happen over time, but I also wish the gov took some of the now open TV frequencies and made another open frequency band to do cool / society changing stuff with instead of selling it all to verizon. 
No, they're not.  They're ruining the internet for America.  Nowhere else.
Is Binge-On just an alternative execution of [time-based pricing of utility delivery](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Time-based_pricing#Utilities)? They're offering to deliver a resource (video content) through an incentivized manner (reduced-bandwith delivery as opposed to non-peak electric/gas/whatever utility) with an interest in easing delivery demand.
I'm curious because this is the first time I heard bingeon was bad as I just started seeing commercials like 4 days ago, what is bad news with this one?
That damn second network has been up for the last two years on my network and can't disable it for the life of me..
Yeah, I got the notice from them that I was getting this feature.  I thought to myself "oh how nice, this is a cool feature they're giving me for free."  Then I thought about it and realized the implications.  
tmobile is using a broken system.  comcast is enforcing and figthing for one.

comparing the two is unfair, and smells like competitor PR
Hey! Not just them..
I wish to see companies severely punished for impeding progress of technology and innovation that could benefit mankind.
Can someone please remind them and the fucking citizens of this country that the technology of the internet was created with TAX PAYER DOLLARS. Not 1 dime of RnD came from Comcast or T-Mobile. 
Who is in charge of this company?! Seriously, what are the names of the people that are making these decisions??
Thankful my aera has no Comcast monopoly. Frontier actually competes with them here. Quite well actually.
A friend has started a WhiteHouse Petition to eliminate broadband caps, as part of treating broadband providers like the common carriers they've been determined to be.

http://wh.gov/iVUmr

God damn. ITT "Unlimited Netflix and Spotify? I love T-Mobile!!" 

Shit. This is how network neutrality ends. 
This shit just proves rEddit doesn't have a fucking clue.
I think T-Mobile is fine. I think Comcast can eat a sack of baby dicks with what they've done.
Comcast? Yes. Tmobile? I don't know. Other than their "signature color" pink. Which only makes me want to punch an NFL player.
Wait what reddit? I thought we love t mobile? Didn't we last week?
"Stream TV is a cable streaming service delivered over *Comcast's cable system, not over the Internet.* "

What the actual fuck. Comcast isn't even trying to sound smart anymore.
Tmobile ? No. Comcast Yes. Verizon Yes.

Tmobile, you go over your data limit, they cut your speed. Your bill never changes. No data usage when using certain web sites and services, as it is I have no problem with it. But this can quickly escalate into something more serious.  

Verizon, you go over your limit, they charge you massive overage charges.

Comcast, you go over your limit, they charge you an overage fee. 
If you think that's bad, just imagine what Google is up to with Google Fiber, Google Cloud and Google Search. 
This should go on r/tmobile and wake those blind customers up! 
People need to understand that its a ***complete lie*** that your usage costs them anything more at all. Whether you use 300gb this month or 600gb this month ***their*** cost of operation does not at all change.

When cornered on this fact by people they can't push that lie to, the conversation shifts to "a small number of users disproportionately using our service" to try and make you think these caps are about making sure your speed is available when others are downloading/streaming.
Why are people actually trying to associate T-Mobile with Comcast?  Comcast is favoring their own content/services over everyone else, T-Mobile is allowing any streaming service to be exempt.  If anything Comcast is penalizing people for using the internet they pay for in the manner they choose.

Comcast has a huge honking conflict of interest, but let's drag T-Mobile into the mess

Comcast has stupid amounts of capacity on cable lines, radio spectrum is limited;  Comcast is just milking everyone with Zero added expense T-Mobile is managing their network

I don't see the issue with what T-Mobile is doing. Comcast yes though
This article us wrong. Tmobile isnt limiting anything but only providing free service. Comcast is limiting it by keepijg it to just their services 
This article is retarded. TMobile had caps BEFORE they created binge on.

TMobile is a great company and anyone that puts them in the same league with Comcast sucks cock by choice.
Wait, what's T-mobile doing wrong? I don't get charged for going over my data, and I'm only slowed when the network is busy if I've gone over. Plus their unlimited is truely unlimited.

T-mobile is not an ISP. They are a phone company. The BEST phone company out of the choices I have in the states.
Who the hell wrote this? There's nothing wrong with T-Mobile's Binge On program, it actually allows to stream video without going towards your cap. What is the problem? Unless I can't see it, someone needs to explain it to me as if I were a 5 year old. 
You lost me at T-Mobile, brah
wait...is t mobile a bad?
I wouldn't lump t Mobile with the trash called Comcast 
What T-Mobile is doing is actually great. Literally the top most used bandwidth heavy apps are now free to use against your data. Speeds of other providers are not being capped or limited, and this would effectively leave you with more data to consume other sources that don't fall under their binge on plan.

This plan is a step forward in the sense that nothing has changed except to benefit the consumer. Assume two apps share your data 50/50, YouTube and lesser known app "X". Now one of them doesn't count towards your data. You just doubled your data capacity for app X. If you used YouTube more than app X, you have more than doubled your available data for app X. Even the reverse is beneficial, app X takes 75% of your data every month, YouTube takes 25%. Now you can use app X for 100% of your data.


This article is asinine on so many levels. 

First, the analogy with cars and highways is not how data caps work. That analogy would work with bandwidth throttling or the "internet fast lanes", not caps. The correct analogy would be if you own a Chevy, Ford, Honda, or BMW you are free to drive on highways for as long as you want. But if you own any other car you're only allowed to drive 500 miles a month on the highways. 

More top-notch "journalism" from BGR..
Serious question: to me, all of T-mobile's moves of late have seemed to me like their intent was to create disruptive innovations, rather than maintaining the status quo. Can we say for sure that T-mobile has made deals with those streaming companies? Maybe there is no deal, but the Data is free for those services because T-mobile specifically knows they're popular and wants to create another incentive for people to leave Verizon and AT&amp;T? 
Fuck T mobile. People are idiots. Giving anyone preference regardless if its something I like stupid. Net neutrality. 
These clickbait "the internet is in danger" articles are getting old.

It's been in danger how many years now?
I think there's a fundamental difference between what T-Mobile is doing and what Comcast is doing.

1. T-Mobile is a wireless carrier, *not an ISP.*

2. Comcast and other ISPs weren't supposed to ever cap their customers' data usage, but they're doing it anyway just to suck more money out of us.

3. T-Mobile is *the only* wireless carrier that actually offers real unlimited 4G (yes, it is, and *no*, they don't throttle you at any usage level).  

What T-Mobile is doing is trying to force the other wireless carriers to actually compete with them by offering services that none of them are willing to consider.  Which is why T-Mobile has grown 5X faster than all the rest.  Their Binge On program is a way to give their customers without unlimited plans more than the other carriers, and it's going to drive competition or make people switch.

On the other hand, Comcast is the fucking devil.  They can suck my left nut *and* my right nut.  I'm tempted to have a middle nut surgically installed so they can suck that one, too.  They've almost single-handedly driven up the price of TV and internet services by 400% in the past 10 years, gained themselves unfair advantages (local monopolies) in a third of the country by negotiating "non-complete clauses" with local governments, the continued legality of which is mind-numbing.  Now they're using those monopolies to force people to pay *even more money* for a service trait that used to be unquestionably non-chargeable.  

For those of you who think I'm being unfair in some way to either of these companies: I have service through both.  I'm speaking from years of experience.  T-Mobile is the best thing that ever happened to wireless, and Comcast is the shit-eating parasite that infests the body of a shit-eating fly.  I'd dearly love to switch but, sadly, there is no other option.
I personally love the Binge On idea.  It wasn't meant to constrict certain avenues for certain streaming brands (although that is what it will do).  It is meant to provide a service that a **majority** of the people would have wanted in the first place.  To watch their most popular streaming services but not run out their data plan so quickly.  

Most people watch hulu and netflix, so that's what they went after on their white-list.  This does, in some respects, hurt smaller streaming services.  However, I believe Hulu and Netflix have such a strong grip of their shares on the streaming business, it would be hard for anyone to get in the business in the first place.  The streaming business is getting crowded, everyone is providing their own streaming services, eventually there will only be a handful of winners.  Just like every other industry.
Comparing T-Mobile to the same realm of Comcast is absolutely ridiculous.
We (the technologically superior) people of the world should make our own internet.   With hookers and blackjack... 
What's wrong with binge on?
How did Tmobile get dragged into this? They're lightyears ahead of other carriers and service providers in terms of dollars vs. services offered.
You guys want to know something hilarious?

Comcast isn't technically infringing on net neutrality and T-Mobile technically is.

Comcast's "stream" service doesn't technically get delivered over the actual internet and is only available on their network, so, the data cap immunity is because it literally doesn't use internet data... it's not breaking any rules.

T-Mobile is segregating data transmitted over their network based on type and source and slowing down anything that isn't on their lists after users hit their monthly data cap.

Up is down.

Freedom is slavery.

Dark is light.

I hate this bullshit.
Can't take it anymore. 

This thread is riddled with "its free", " it benefits people", "I like it". " Tmob isn't like Comcast, they are generous and don't want to take our money as much."

This is so ignorant. 

"Its free." Being free does not make things legal. Drugs are illegal. Someone gives you drugs for free. Is it now legal?

"It benefits people." It does NOT benefit people. It benefits consumers, not creators. It helps you get your free clip, and nukes the opportunity of mom and pop businesses to jump in to the unlimited streaming model. What if tomorrow, Sally and Johnny Q. from South Dakota thought of the greatest streaming service since sliced bread, that had potential to get HUGE. Well, this would be another barrier. (Claims of tmob allowing everyone on their unlimited service im still reading up on to verify). 

" I like it". You go fuck yourself with this stupid shit. Reading something like this makes me sick. 

"Tmob isn't like Comcast, they are generous and don't want to take our money as much." Lol. You're blind to how capitalism works in recent times. They are taking as much money as they can, and they have an excellent PR department.  

Now, here are my personal thoughts on it. 

I love T-Mobile. I use them myself. Comcast is literally Hitler, and needs to be put down in the backyard, but painfully and violently. 

Comcast is in clear violation of net neutrality as it basically says "our service isn't like the service you get on regular internet, its *different data*". Fuck you Comcast. 

I personally believe tmob is also in violation, because creating special channels for video data causes video to be treated differently from everything else, like reddit for example. 

Also, please save us Google fiber, you're our only hope (and then please don't turn into Comcast once you grow large enough to be corrupt and get away with it).
I don't think including T-Mobile in the same boat as Comcast is fair. It's a simple difference: Comcast is a huge conglomerate who does things to make more than the already absurd amount that they do. 

T-Mobile on the other hand is pretty much the smallest of the cell companies, and is doing things to show that at&amp;t and Verizon (who can both be compared to Comcast in terms of profits and "FU's" to customers) can do more things for customers and still make a lot of money. They are trying to shake up the industry and show that you should be getting a lot more out of your service than you currently are.
How is t mobile involved in this? 
T-Mobile is far different from Comcast. T-mobile is actually driving market innovation and forcing thieves like Verizon and AT&amp;T to keep up. But hey, if you want high prices and crappy service that is the same everywhere then you can have your net neutrality. 
The title is click bait and OP deserves a kick in the gametes.
but... but... net neutrality was supposed to save the world.  Oh, government over-regulation doesn't solve free market issues?  woops.
Since when is T-Mobile involved with Comcast?
My favorite thing ever is when i run out of "high speed data" on my tmobile unlimited data plan.
You remember how T-Mobile did away with contracts?  This is one of the advantages.  You don't like what they're doing then switch carriers.
I get the concept that with Net Neutrality, all internet services should be treated equally, with no services/websites getting preferential treatment. I also understand how BingeOn, a consumer friendly plan, is skirting the line on violating NN, but isn't it a little different for a wireless provider as opposed to a standard internet provider like Comcast/Cox/TW/Etc? Data caps always seemed like a necessary evil for mobile internet, it's a more intricate service they provide and the way billing works for nearly all wireless providers is paying for amount of data. But how Comcast is implementing data caps, then also providing a BingeOn-like service is a full on violation of Net Neutrality. Would it be safe to say that programs like BingeOn are safe in the wireless provider market, but not for regular internet providers? 
Before I even clicked the post I knew it was a bgr.com article 
This article is a bit off the mark, at least in terms of calling T-Mobile out. There are TECHNICAL reasons why cellular providers need to meter bandwidth. Simply put, while we have blazing fast LTE these days, the spectrum still isn't large enough to deal with many users streaming 1080P video all at the same time with current technology.

As far as cable and most other home broadband connections go now, we're at the point where Fiber has been deployed to almost every local node in most places and coax/copper is simply being used as the last-mile delivery method. Realistically, DSL and Cable are not bandwidth-limited anymore.

T-Mobile is utilizing the fact that they can negotiate with streaming providers to adhere to technical specifications, presumably to control the amount of bandwidth they use when connecting to clients on their network.

Before binge-on, you really couldn't stream video cost effectively on a non-unlimited plan, period. Now you can, via a couple approved providers.


I'm so fucking tired of John Legre's shit.
I thought T-Mobile was a blessing.  Now I realize they are pushing the destruction of our open internet.  Go to settings and uncheck bingeon to opt out of sub par quality on video
I think alot of people dont realise that this kind of shit has been standard in canada for like 2 years(telus shaw rogers)
I don't get how t-mo's whitelisting is equivalent to Comcast's caps
My policy: When a news article's title is a question, I assume the answer to the question is "No".
T mobile and Comcast are BOTH the enemy.  Not having Netflix count towards data caps is not treating all Internet traffic the same, and violates FCC rules. They deserve complaints to the FCC Just like Comcast does. 
Take a look at this:  https://www.reddit.com/r/tmobile/comments/3th5ar/massive_slowdown_today_watching_twitch_youtube/
Comcast and T-Mobile are doing different things.

Comcast and T-Mobile are not ruining anything. TPP is. 
Yeah this has nothing to do with net neutrality.    Cool story bro.   
Thanks for the heads up, Netflix employee.  

Seriously can we get something on this sub that isn't posted by a Netflix/T-Mobile/Comcast/Hulu employee to further a specific narrative?
I love with activist authors rile up a small minority base using hyperbole while clinging to some sort of simplistic/idealistic view of the world.

What the likes of T-Mobile are doing is **great** for competition and the consumer. 
with that title I was thinking it is BGR.  it is...  BGR always trys to stir up peoples emotions.  they should be banned.
I like Binge On and it is a perfect example of things you will lose if you push net neutrality.
Wtf are you talking about idiot?
There's a lot of angry ATT and Verizon plebs stuck with a 2yr contract with 1gb of data in this thread.
Over on /r/Android, the T-mobile astroturfing is so fucking strong. And people buy it and line up to lick their taint. I guess net neutrality doesn't matter when you get free Pandora and Spotify streaming though.
Must be a powerful feeling to have such control of one of the greatest inventions and sources of power ever created.  
What I took away from the articles about this is that every Comcast customer should call and ask about Netflix and Net Neutrality. Overwhelm the "Customer Security Assurance Team" and make them want to burn the building down. Also be sure to call on an 800 number so they can pay for keeping you on hold about this.

It's good to see that Comcast is still being regressive. Their broadband plans look more like mobile data plans.
I would actually be more interested in what one of the reps from this so-called "Customer Security Assurance Team" says when you actually ask them about Netflix, Net Neutrality, etc.

I was on the phone with Comcast today (called me to sign into a promotion, yada yada) and we started talking about these data caps. Told them how I've blown through over 100 GB in the past 10 days just watching Netflix and working from home.

Anyway, [am I the only one showing 250 GB as the cap now instead of 300 GB?](http://i.imgur.com/DGj7iXV.png) Granted, it isn't in effect for my area... yet.
Kill this while you still have the chance. If this is allowed, the shareholders of other ISPs will force every other ISP to do the exact same.
“This is not a cap. We do not limit a customer’s use of the internet in any way at or above 300 GB”

Except for that whole charging you extra bit.
If you think 300GB is plenty and that this doesn't affect you, it does.  This is all in preparation for 4k streaming services (and beyond).  In a few years, 4k will be the standard like 1080 is today.

It's not a technical limitation.  It's a way to keep charging you more and selling cable services, nothing more.
I don't have Comcast I have suddenlink in Northern California . The only competition in my area is ATT uverse. Both have a 250gb data cap. What can I do to help fight data caps? I was never even told about it I just hit it for the first time last September and thatS how I learned of it. I filed a complaint with the FCC i got a response from suddenlinkthat it was for congestion but now I really know,it's not. 

What can/should I do now?  They are also charging me double what they charge new people for service. Should I call and say I'm switching to att?'I wouldn't it's worse service but would that get the retention people to lower my prices?
They actually made it very hard for me to find out new customers pay half of what I do. 
&gt;*Don't say*: "Data cap" (This is not a cap. We do not limit a customer's use of the Internet in any way at or above 300 GB.)

Gee, not just training their phone slaves to fuck over the customer, also complete lies to indoctrinate customer 'service' with their own cancer. 

Fuck Comcast. 
I actually started a new website for stuff like this Comcastcomplaint.com 
If you took the time to read this thread and  you're a Comcast customer, you should also take the time to send the FCC a complaint about these rent-seeking criminals. 

 https://consumercomplaints.fcc.gov/hc/en-us

It takes  15 minutes of  your time, at most. Do it for your country.  These anti-competitive scumbags are sabotaging the one part  of the American economy that isn't  floundering. If  we want to remain a  global  leader in technology,  Comcast needs to  go the way of Ma Bell, along with TWC, Verizon, and AT&amp;T.   
Something I am surprised didn't make headlines this year from Comcast is that they have decided to remove the batteries from their cable modems. Now for the average customer, who cares. For my father who is in his 60s and has his phone running through the modem that we have to get from them, or by a 200$ one, this is a big problem. I know that when we got the phone service through them they told us that we would not be without 911 capabilities if the power went out. But now that they do not include a battery in a unit that is required for phone service, he can't make 911 calls if there is no power. So, did I mention that at the same time they increased the rental fee as well, and never informed us that the modem they were providing was no longer supported nor gave us the speeds we were paying for?
Do say: doubleplusgood.
Best part by far is where they try to say that customers in trial areas had their data caps *increased* because everyone else has invisible 250 GB caps.
I filed an FCC complaint about them implementing caps and they [suspended access to my data meter](https://redd.it/3r45rz)
If this was about "fairness" I would get the 105mbps that I PAY for and not an average of 15-30mbps
If Google ever announced Fiber where I live, my erection would be visible from space.  
So....where are all the hacker groups, who are taking down everything else unnecessary but when it comes to the ISP taking advantage (internet) their own turf they stand back and do nothing. we should probably be starting a riot...but i guess "normal" people just don't care about any of this...our system is so corrupt it makes me sick. 
Blah blah blah. This wont change shit. Comcast and Time Warner would be swimming up to their eyeballs in bad press and this wont change anything because people don't have an option to go to a competitor.
hurry the fuck up google fiber. you have no idea how many people are  waiting to dump comcast. 
My realtor was shocked when I refused to see houses in certain cities due to Comcast only choice in those areas.

Pay double for one third of my monthly usage?  Lol bitch no
No wonder the reps at Comcast are so useless, instead of providing employees with useful training in making their technology work, the company hinders their own technology then trains the employees to do mental gymnastics during calls rather than troubleshooting and resolving customer issues.
please keep posting articles about Comcast 

this needs to stay visible so more and more people realize what a piece of shit Comcast is
Here at Comcast, the customer is always our bitch. 

The thing that really chaps my hide is that Comcast received large subsidies from the gov't to build their cable network. Fiber optic technology has existed for decades, so data caps serve no purpose except to keep users from accessing media not controlled by Comcast.
Don't they shoot them in the head ?
If this doesn't signal a moment for the breakup of Comcast or some serious intervention, I don't know what will.
FCC? Better business bureau? Invisible hand of capitalism? HELP!
It honestly looks tame compared to some of the stuff I had in my phone tech support conversation points. On the other hand, mine were Compaq switching from free tech support to $35 tech support, and one of the reasons I quit that job (a few months before it moved to India). We had to find out if the support question used Compaq's UI or if it was Microsoft or a modem before saying that would cost them $35. Incidentally, they offered free tech support for life at the time. Douches.
Fuck Comcast
Any other ARMA 3 players concerned that "Customer Security Assurance Team" IS CSAT?
LET MY PLEDGE BE KNOWN: I will never accept comcast as the provider of my cable or internet so long as they cap their internet plans. I hope others do the same.
Damn, I just looked on Xfinity website and my average is 275gb per month with Minimal use of netflix with 3 people in the house. Hoping that google fiber makes its was down to East Bay Soon.
Geez, how do people survive with a 300gb cap? On my android phone alone I use around 60gb of bandwidth each month. 
In contrast, in the UK you would struggle to find a broadband plan that wasn't unlimited 
The thing is Comcast top brass know exactly where the future of cable is going, with cord cutters and cord nevers. They know that cable is on its way out and are not stupid. They are purposly squeezing every last penny they can until their massive overhaul. They know they will need to change eventually, fortunately for them (and unfortunately for us) they still have some time until people get really pissed. In a few years we will start to see commercials on streaming services like Netflix and such, the same thing happened with cable. They will force their hand and Netflix will need to comply.

These guys are not up there just lounging all day, they have a plan set up looking ahead into the next 5 years and are executing it. While we are down here bitching about Comcast data caps. To make a real change we should instead look where this can go in the next 5 years and execute a plan much faster than theirs. Then they will then make fair changes. 
Id love 300gb I'm stuck with 250 in a house with 5 other people
The amount of doublethink Comcast management goes through is truly astonishing...
I keep telling people on here that data consumption does not equal network stress and Tom Wheeler every time down votes me! Seriously! Bandwidth is the only thing that taxes on a network because anything at full bandwidth quickly can file that routing equipments memory be it at the level of the consumer or if the provider is just too cheap to update their equipment.
These articles remind me why i spent almost 6 months looking for a new place 2 years ago. I wanted to find a place where Comcast and ATT were not the only options. I now know i can also never move. Webpass is amazing and please do not turn the way of Comcast. 
The only thing for Americans to do at this point is move to a bastion of freedom! I'm here in the republic of Kansas City, fortified against the evils of TWC and Comcast. Huzzah!
I had a residential rep call me asking if I wanted their Internet $99 a mo for 50mb/s. My response was why pay $99 for a data capped, inferior offering, when I can get business class @ 100mb/s with no overage fees. 

He responded back, "Yeah, that's what I do" 
Fuck you, Comcast, fuck you. 
Comcast literally needs to die. Like literally die.
"It's not a data cap"

Until you hit the cap, then we make you pay to go above the cap.
Don't say: Were fucking you over hard in the ass.


Do say: Were fucking you over gently. 
To be frank, at it's heart, it's papering over one of Comcast's long-lasting vulnerabilities: Recorded calls to customer service showcasing height on inanity that they are capable of.

It was (And may still be) inevitable that some enterprising discontent would call up Comcast Customer Service and ask them questions about Net Neutrality that they are WHOLLY unqualified to answer. Post it to youtube, let some half-awake lawyer fire off an NDA rather than let it wallow in obscurity, BAM. VIRAL VIDEO: 7 minutes of coverage, 3 times a day for a week on CNN.

This is of course, based on the notion that the CUSTOMER ASSURANCE SQUAD or whatever will not be staffed by near-total idiots, so you can probably expect that phone recording to go out anyways.
TIL you can cost comcast more money simply by mentioning "net neutrality" to a customer support rep.
The weblink keeps crashing my mobile app. I can only assume this is more evil caused by Comcast.
Rage worthy.
Maybe someone can explain this to me like I'm 5 but how do these companies justify quantifying data? Like it isn't a physical thing they have to mine or create. I recognize they need to pay for equipment and maintaining it and whatever, but the actual data isn't anything. I'm not at home right now and I'm sure there is data streaming to my modem anyways. It just seems like they are charging for a thing when there is no actual thing I'm receiving. 
i fucking hate call centers, they are so goddamn shady and operate on lies, illusions, and faked sincerity. I worked for comcast tech/billing for like three months, and I felt like my job was basically to tell people that they have to pay more money than they thought they would, and then try to sell them more crap in the process. 
Wait -- do they zero-rate xFinity content? WTF, how are people not up in arms about that?
Instead of yelling "Representative" into the phone during the computerized menu I'll just yell "Netflix".  
This coordinated attack on Comcast is fucking gold!
You know, I actually support Comcast's right to do what they want from a business standpoint. However, I *don't* support it when there is a regional monopoly for service.

I have the options of Comcast or a local DSL ISP that [offers blazing speeds of up to 20 Mbps](http://internetproviders-internetservicehotline.com/dover-nh/). If there's competition let them cap people and see what happens. If there is no recourse, there's a problem.
Aren't these caps now illegal based on the recent ruling from the FCC? And if so, how are they still getting away with it without penalty?
Can anyone explain this article to me like I'm 5?
I wanted to hate Comcast even more after reading this article, but how they handle Netflix/Net neutrality questions is pretty standard in my opinion. Pretty much any retail job will instruct the underlings that if they are approached by the press, they are to say absolutely nothing and get a manager to answer questions. When you've got someone going on the record for the company on something that touchy, you want that someone to be a higher paid and hopefully more knowledgeable person. Not some random burned out phone operator.
So I have a question about all of this, is it not possible for stuff an ISP normally provides to be handled on your own if you are in an area with an established infrastructure? Or do they own that infrastructure?

If so, can we not make them public? 
Can someone lay out some big talking points or specific questions that should be asked?  My bill has been creeping for the past 2 months and I think I just found my perfect reason to call...
Coming from the UK which has a fairly healthy ISP competition this seems ludicrous. Why the hell do you put up with it? Why don't you all tell Comcast to f.off and go with someone else?

I don't mean to be rude or inflamatry, i'm just trying to understand it
You guys act like we have to be loud to get attention. They have an aggregated printout of every negative comment and every Web page every week at the meeting. One person gives a run down:

* Facebook is pissed about this

* reddit posted this, but we think it originated at 


* this bloggers page. We've slowed all traffic to the original page. 


Or more likely 

* reddit has this to say--


* gonna stop you there Tim. No one cares. 
How is this fucking company not dead yet? Every few months, a new "Comcast Scandal" comes to light. They won't let us easily and freely cancel service, they have these new data caps that are so secretive; I mean, seriously?

I personally was charged a $100 fee for instillation of my services a couple years ago DESPITE having installed everything myself, using their "self-install kit". I straight up refused to pay it, for told over and over and over again that it was a false charge and it would be removed on my next bill and, shockingly, it never was. I ended up finally, after months, being able to talk to a manager who told me the truth and said they would "allow" only a half payment of $50. I still refused and told them to send someone to "pick up their shit" as I couldn't be bothered to even go to a nearby Comcast store after this treatment. A person showed up a few days later and that was the end of it.

After another couple of months, I received a discounted bill of $5 which I still didn't pay. Maybe that makes me an asshole or stubborn but that's fucking ridiculous. The service didn't even work. I had nothing but lag and their cable box didn't even work in my bedroom.

Tl;dr: Comcast are an evil corporation who treat their employees and customers like absolute shit. After the treatment I received, I refuse to EVER pay them another penny.
I fought with comcast for 2 years about my streaming . I know for a fact I was throttled. I had service tech after service tech come by I would show them logs of my ping times, router logs and net speeds.. Every single one would look at me like they had no clue.. I have been in the IT for over 20 years and  never had long term issue like when I was dealing with comcast..

The funny thing is I was a government contractor working from home.
I actually was forced to move to century link.. Thank goodness I moved  out of state!   
 However now I live in a city that signed a 10 year exclusive with cox  so no google fiber.. That should be against the law.
Super glad that I went with WOW internet instead. 

When you only spend your money at enormous companies you divest your money from their competition. In effect, you are supporting the creation of a monopoly. The king of the hill makes all of the rules and everybody else just has to deal with them. TLDR Sometimes it's goo to support small businesses even when it's a slightly worse deal. 
Google Fiber will eventually destroy them
And that's why I'm glad that I live in an area with more than one ISP. Thank you Verizon!
What it all comes down to is that nothing that you do conventionally does anything. All of your letters, your protests, etc. have done in the end nothing to go against this shit or against net neutrality. There has been pretty much zero response or actual action to the things these companies do from government. Even if something fails to pass legislation for example, you didn't win, it just comes back in another form and it was pass then. Your time is literally spent better taking a shit in the toilet than dealing with any of these issues. 
So now, when you want to lower your cable bill, just mention the N-word.

"Please lower my bill or I'm moving to RCN" ➔ "Please lower my bill or I'm moving to RCN where I can watch Netflix as much as I want with no data caps"
Municipal ISPs. That's the answer. 
Today my cable company offered to cut $50/month for a year off my bill if I would stick with them.

I said no.

So, I don't have Comcast (Have FiOS), but is there a quick/easy way to track the amount of bandwidth I consume in a month? Just kinda curious to see. 
Capitalism was great in the 1800's into the early 1900's. Now, our governments and even our lives are run by capitalists! In my humble opinion, more politicians with Sanders' socialist stance is this country's only hope from escaping the grasp of these massive corporations.
It does not matter.  Their time is coming to an end.  They will all burn soon.
How the fuck is comcast even in business at this point? Its like every few months another news article about comcast doing something fucked up pops up and people keep using the service. I understand theyre basically a monopoly in some areas but for fucks sakes drop em already.
The only real way to solve this is to break up the cable company monopolies and force cable tv providers to be separate from cable internet providers.  The only way THAT will happen is if we all vote for people who care about the issue and will resist the $$$ being thrown at them.

That probably won't happen, so we're just going to get stuck with paying a lot more for internet then anyone else in the western world while lagging behind everyone in technology and speed.
I'm going to keep posting this on each comcast cap article I see.

When you advertise bandwidth as Comcast does, you are essentially advertising the flow rate of the pipe.  To say they're putting a cap on the amount of data is irrelevant when they sold you bandwidth.

Does this not go against the contract many people signed with comcast?  They bought bandwidth, not data space.

Flow rate does not equal amount of data transferred.  They are selling you a flow rate because that's how data networks work.  They have capacity on how quickly it can process data.
Once I am glad I live in a Google Fiber area
Did anyone else find a little humor in this article being posted on reddit which also sources reddit....?
My ISP was pulling this crap. I called up to cancel and after getting the run around I pointed out that without Netflix I didn't really need my ISP. I mean, if I can't do the things I want internet for, then I don't need internet. They asked me where I was going to go instead. I suggested I was going to go without. That's how much the idea of what they were doing was pissing me off. Suddenly, my speeds improved.
How is this surprising or bad? Net neutrality is contentious issue that minimum wage tech support workers aren't equipped to handle. Comcast's overall approach to net neutrality might be sickening, but I don't see how this document is newsworthy.
Like all BGR articles, this one was 90% fluff with one little blurb about how when people call to ask about these sensitive topics, they're handed off to a different department. No shit. That's standard practice. 
I don't get how in the hell it's legal for Comcast to limit supply to gain money. Enron did this with electricity and they were shut down. Why aren't there federal marshals invading Comcast HQ?
Ahh, The old "Do say/Don't Say". Delivering corporate Kool-Aid to employees since time immemorial.

Honestly, whenever you see one of those, it might as well say "Corporate BS Doctrine" at the top. 
Funny: [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ilMx7k7mso)
They make me want to call up and ask about hitting 301gigs a month on Netflix.. and I'm not even a Comcast subscriber. I just want to hear them squirm
Is there honestly anything to do? I keep reading and reading but it's just people complaining with no actually way of fixing anything, who do I complain to? Who do I contact? I have no option but comcast in my area and it just feels hopeless
What is the actual problem though? Why can't they give us what we want and let us pay for it? 
Thought: T-Mobile has a $50 Simple Plan where the major music streaming services like Spotify don't count against your data limit. If you live in their network but get poor reception at home, they'll give you a signal booster. 

They're currently negotiating to do the same thing with Netflix and similar. Presuming that works out, and your only heavy use of the internet is legal video streaming,  could this make T-Mobile a viable alternative to Comcast? 
Can someone who is American explain to me why anyone uses Comcast if they're so bad?
Devil's advocate here, please don't kill me:

Why is it okay to charge more for internet based on speed, but not okay to charge more based on total usage? Also why can utilities charge us more for usage but not internet providers?

Honest questions. Personally I would hate if they added data caps because, hell I want to pay less! But the internet seems more up in arms about the data caps over say internet speeds or metered utilities when the internet is basically a utility at this point (just as important and costs more for the ISP if you use more) and if I am being honest with myself, I think it should probably be a "pay for as much as you use" model if we want to keep it fair.
Reminds of that movie about USSR where they'd have trigger words that refer you to KGB 
It's funny, I can't even use Netflix because Comcast is too fucking slow.
Waiting for Google fiber.
Haven't been on bgr.com for a while. Will I still get entertained when I click the "show comments" button? :)
To be fair, isn't talking about Netflix or Net Neutrality a bit outside the scope of a cable companies customer support? 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UmzsWxPLIOo
60GB cap... $50/month cable Internet,  $110/month 6GB mobile... GO CANADA GO!!! 
It's pretty crazy American's put up with this.
Ah yes the two evils on the front page... Comcast and the Police. 
Time to invest even more of my money into Alphabet aka Google aka Google Fiber who I am confident will never have data caps.
Screencaps are frustratingly tiny.
Tucson person reporting in to say they haven't increased our caps and fuck comcast with a cactus. 
If we keep on posting the same thing again and again and again and again and again and again and again, maybe the content will change?

Let's riot about CISPA? Hold on, Comcast is going to charge us $10 more a month - fuck privacy rights, time to change our focus!
I certainly hope I'm not the only person who saw the logic in routing non account specific calls to a specialized department. Call centers like that get huge volume every day. Giving the front line call handlers too many areas where they have accepted responses like that just drives the average call time up which then causes everyone to stay bitching about hold times. 

I don't know what kind of call management system they run (probably UCCE), but it is bad enough as it is. No need to add volume with the front line reps arguing about net neutrality. 
It's amazing how these guys simply refuse to shape up, even after all this negative publicity.
Cancel Comcast after 11 months and sign up for their promo price for "new" customers. They treat their new customers better than existing ones. 
Anyone prank called and regurgitated their little script back to them verbatim since this stuff got leaked? I'd pay a few of my data bucks to listen to a recording of that.
I'd like to see them try to pull this shit in the SF Bay Area. /s i dont want them to try.. but something tells me it wouldnt fly
I've been reading the same titles from American media on American ISPs for about 4 years now.

Are you guys going to do something about it or is the plan just to continue paying the bill so you can bitch on the internet you over pay for?
Fucking disgusting company
As a great philosopher once said.... TomAto.. Tomato... 
I know someone who pays for the cheapest amount of money to comcast, but for some reason gets the best speed. I'm so jealous.
sadly i'm stuck with shit comcast in my area or shitty verizon dsl. need fios so bad
I just got EPB fiber optic Internet and TV. Suck it comcrap
When they first rolled this out in Atlanta, everyone seemed to ignore it since it wasn't their area. Now, it's too late. 
How can we bring Comcast down... 
This has been going on in Canada for the last decade, it won't stop so have fun.
Oh they're not going to break the internet, they're just going to tweak the sorting algorithm a little. I'm sure they know what they're doing.
As someone who lives in Tucson, I'm surprised you guys are all freaking out about this now.  We've been dealing with this for at least 3 years now.  I got my 3rd warning and they said they would charge me so I switched to century link.  It may not be quite as fast but fuck it.
Hot-button issues that are more complicated than the average customer service rep has the experience to address get handed off to specialist.... Not really news, is it? 

I mean... Comcast frustrates me about as much as the average guy, but... 
How are they still in business?
Welp, this topic broke the link.
Sorry, I hate that it affects you guys, I just checked and it shows my usage as 

66GB used
Note: Enforcement of the 250GB data consumption threshold is currently suspended.

This article says that this only affects some markets.  Fortunately, not mine yet.
http://forums.xfinity.com/t5/Customer-Service/Note-Enforcement-of-the-250GB-data-consumption-threshold-is/td-p/2030715
Unlimited Internet and it's gone........
What's so special about Tucson? I'm in Tucson...I don't feel special.
The idea of data caps or "data usage plans" is just silly in my country. Threaten to nationalize their company if they don't stop exploiting customers.
Looks like you chaps overseas need another revolution. Just saying...
Reminds me of when one of their reps basically told me that they were throttling Netflix because it's a competitor. 

http://technologyplusblog.com/2014/news/internet/cant-watch-netflix-comcast-disrupting-connection/
Where can I shoot them in the head? 
I don't see the significance of the first quoted leaked excerpt.
Here's how to screw comcast over, setup a connection monitoring software, for any drop of contracted connection or usage call for credit to your account. Be it  1 minute, five minutes -- any time 24/7.

They like to drop bandwidth and connections at night and will not offer to credit you account unless you ask for it.

When you call most time you may speak to two people, each of them is being paid, who ever credits your account gets paid.

This can cost the service provider anywhere from 25 to 150 dollars in overhead costs per call. I always ask to speak to a supervisor every other call to get names and employee numbers and every forth time I call in I ask for the corporate satisfaction number.
Remember to be polite and persistent.

The reaction you will get is your connection speed will not drop and you may well be assigned a IP in a range that does not get messed with.

They will realize that they will lose money by messing with you and this is also a way to build an FCC complaint.

The down side is you have to keep records and do this for 6 to 8 months.

Be polite, be relentless and always say the reason you are calling other for the credit for loss of service is that you are not "SATISFIED", satisfaction is a corporate buzz word that they have to respond to. 

I did it with an ISP over a year period and my IP address never changed and I never had a connection issue. I called enough to cost them an amount equal to my monthly bill and a bit more handling my calls.
I read another thread where hundreds of scientologists sued the IRS for church status, going so far as to sue individual employees. Hundreds of people used the same copy of text and  as a result the IRS caved. Couldn't we do the same thing to cable companies until they cave? 
We "cut the cable" back in 2007, ever since, whenever the cable company called to try to upsale me back on a TV plan, I'd say the only way I'd connect cable TV again was if I could get channels "a la cart" because I never watched the majority of channels. It was like flipping a bitch-switch because the rep on the phone almost always became angry and belligerent towards me; once, one of them even went as far as to call me stupid and tell me he was "marking my account" so when I do come "running back" to them, they would refuse service. 

I always figured they had some sort of note like this telling them to behave like that, because it was uncanny how fast they'd switch from "Which of our great deals can I help you with?" to "That's the stupidest thing I've ever heard, if everyone asked for that, it would require so many technicians, it be so expensive, no one could afford it." So I'd suggest the company could offset costs by eliminating the "customer service" departments that make cold sales calls....that's when they'd hang up.
Why do so many people believe that something that was posted anonymously on 4chan has any legitimacy?  As far as I can tell these "leaked memos" have zero legitimacy and this is *literally* slander.

But I guess slander doesn't apply to companies we don't like.
This is the exact same article people keep reporting over and over every 20 minutes with a different title. We get it, a comcast script got leaked....calm down you idiots. 
Can I have some more pixels of the Comcast responses please?
Elia5, What do I need to make my own internet?
this article says nothing
Comcast is the devil, but ATT is the *super* devil
I never really got the problem with data caps. Here (Australia) it's been around forever. Yes our internet is more expensive, but there are a number of reasons for that (similar to the reasons for data caps).

What happens, though, is that companies compete for things that don't count towards download limits. For example, I chose iiNet specifically for their unmetred Netflix and Xbox services. Thus I've downloaded 225GB in the past twenty days, with 200GB of this from unmetered sites.

The main issue with Comcast is competition. If there was then none of this would be a problem
Comcast can do whatever they want.  The overwhelming majority of people have made it clear that they will put up with whatever level of bullshit Comcast wants to pull.  

If you aren't organizing a boycott at this point you are never going to do anything.  Just accept that you are their bitch and you will sell out your principles for Facebook access and dank memes.
[deleted]
You want the real explanation for data "limits" or charging for data over certain amounts? Yes by-and-large it does come down to money, but in a very (and I stress this) *very* small way it's about internet usage awareness. 

See what they've (and by they, I mean ISPs in general) done is take a ton off anonymous data usage reports and determined how much of the usage was legitimate, and how much was not. Keep in mind a lot of the data was collected pre-netflix. What they found is that people who use more than "X" amount of data fall into a few categories. Pirates, Background Users, and Legitimate Users. Legitimate users tend to be people who download games on steam, watch a lot of streaming video such as YouTube, and/or do a lot of online gaming. 

So basically legitimate users are being punished for the actions of pirates and idiots, and ISP's are making money off them all. 
avoid using "data caps" coz theyre dirty words
Hang up on them and pretend they got disconnected if they call back.
Well, I mean, it's not like they are there to listen to you on your soapbox.  


Serious question - why is everyone so upset about tiered data service limits?

I have comcast internet and I've never reached the 300gb cap.  I wish they would change their fee structure so that I'd get partially refunded for the data I don't use.  I really don't see a problem with charging different rates for usage.  

They could very easily add a fee structure like $20 per month base rate, $0.10 per gb for the first 300gb, $0.075 per gb for the next 700gb, then $0.05 per gb after that.  I pay $50 per month and I've used 278gb, 267gb, and 258gb in each of the last 3 months, so I should be getting back about $2.50-$3.00 per month.  If I went over, I'd be paying less than $5 additional in charges per month.  And I stream HD about 10-14 hours per week.


This is a welcome change from the *usual* Comcast customer service procedure of putting their penis in my mouth and swirling it around a few times.
Again? We've had this news posted like 7 times in the last 2 days.
why do most of you ppl still give money to Comcast?
can US internet just go out so these yankees can stop whining on reddit about their isps every day?
They are public streets and there's no proof of an actual crime committed (I agree it shouldn't be a crime, but that's a different point).  This sounds like straightforward harassment and I can't see how this could possibly hold up in a court of law.  And again if it's purely for intimidation without any intention of prosecution then sounds ripe for a lawsuit to me.
Its going to suck being a pizza delivery driver in those neighborhoods. 
It's totally the State's business to break up your marriage . . . especially given their infallibility.

You know, since they would never, ever, ever misuse this technology and send "Dear John" letters to the spouses of pizza delivery men or UPS drivers by mistake. The worst would be Jehovah's Witnesses who drive to an area, to get out of their car to preach, lol. "The computer has randomly scanned your license plate and automatically generated a blackmail letter to your wife, implicating you in wrongdoing to which we have no further proof." 
what a dumb idea.
The lawmaker who proposed this said it was because of children and women being exploited. Ok, fair enough- it's concerning that there are people being used against their will. 

But why in the fuck would she then decide that instead of FIXING that, she proposes the equivalent of an electronic finger-wagging to shame people. It makes zero sense to waste money on license plate readers instead of funding an investigation into the exploitation of children in the area.

Nah, this doesn't sound like problem-solving at all to me. Sounds more like Ms. Politician caught her hubby with a lady of the night and now she wants revenge.
God forbid you take a wrong turn.

Actually, I take that back.  If I lived in LA, and there was someone I didn't like, I would make a shitty copy of their plate and stick it over my own, and then cruise the neighborhoods where this is supposed to happen.  Take the fake plate off when I'm done, and enjoy the ensuing spectacle.

This would especially apply to City Council members and other government officials.
Santa Monica Blvd is a pretty big and busy street
So what about the men who live in those streets? Or work there? Or drive though there on the way to work?
I am just waiting for them to pull Civil Forfeiture into this. 

Your vehicle was driving down the street known for having  prostitutes, we believe that your vehicle was being used to solicit prostitutes so it is ours now. Good luck getting it back sucker!
That's where I live :-(

So they'll simply scan every plate passing down specific roads after a certain time? Great. I hope LA is ready for the lawsuits when innocent men lose their marriages. Honestly, this is no different than treating people as criminals prior to them ever reaching a courtroom.
What if a woman drives down the street?  Does her husband get a letter?
Just legalize prostitution. Men will never stop paying for sex. This whole cat and mouse game we've got going on is such a waste of time. 
Sweden's minister of _justice_ (who had no background in law or the justice system whatsoever) a few years ago suggested that we send bright purple envelopes to the homes of _suspected_ buyers of sex in order to shame them in front of their own families.

What the _actual fuck_ is wrong with people when it comes to the issue of selling and buying sex?
So driving *past* these prostitutes is a crime? Even if you don't even glance at them, you're still treated like a potential criminal?

What a bunch of retarded fucking dumbasses that created this idea. 

Edit: A few other people have correctly pointed out that I was wrong to call it a crime. After rereading the article, I see now that the real effect is basically shaming random people for no reason. With that being said, the delusional, idiotic Tumblrinas that care about or support this sort of thing will almost certainly not see that distinction; they salivate over their imagined overlap between anonymous online activism and public shaming of Bad People. 

So: Regardless of the specifics of the proposed penalties, there is still no way to justify any negative *government-enforced* policy for driving on a totally legal road.
I say find the license plate numbers for city officials, make fake plates, and drive around the block at least once a day.
Isn't this a serious breach of privacy? They're finding who goes where and publicly shaming them. It's like posting on someone's Facebook that they like a specific type of porn, based on their browsing history taken from their internet provider. I dunno its too early in the morning to form coherent thoughts.
And people constantly ask, what does it matter if the state looms overhead, watching and analyzing everything someone does?

Tyranny is the only benefit to the state. Those who support mass surveillance support tyranny.

This is just to normalize license plate readers to the public. 
Only men? Women can't buy sex, too?

Edit: This comment is meant to be tongue in cheek. 
So you get a scarlet letter for driving down a road?

Some people need to learn why we don't have cruel or unusual punishment.
How is that even legal? That seems like slander to me.
Tactics like this never help. I understand what they are trying to do, they are trying to reduce the demand by stopping the johns from going there. If demand goes down, supply goes down, right? 

Nope. What happens is people move locations, usually to more dangerous areas where the likelihood of a sex trade worker being robbed, assaulted or killed increases greatly. 
Dear `United States Postal Service`,

Your vehicle has been observed traveling slowly and stopping frequently on a street known to have a prostitution problem.


So if a man is driving home and one of these streets is on his way home from work, his wife will get a letter saying that he's soliciting prostitutes?  You are considering punishing innocent people who have committed no crime and were just driving down the wrong street?  This is starting to sound like 1984 to me.
I thought the blue states were all about staying out of your bedroom (back of the car, motel room, etc) and all about women's choices for their own bodies.
Because sex is evil and should not be purchased kids. Let us shame the men who want to purchase sexual intimacy for whatever reason, that will make them stop wanting it! Los Angeles knows all about chastity and virtue.
Can somebody explain what the letters are? Are they just letters that say "hey we saw you in this area"? The article seems very vague about it and "dear john" historically means a break up letter to a soldier so I'm pretty confused about the use of that term.
That would be useful in divorce cases. 

Borrow husbands car, drive down street, get letter, use as proof in divorce. Make cash.
These things were never about red light tickets beyond easy revenue. The angle has always been about overt tracking of all of our whereabouts.
Holy crap! Do you still think mass surveillance is OK? Who ever heard of guilt by association based on the streets you have driven down?
I don't live in LA, but I live near a big city, and I assume there's a reasonable amount of prostitution in said city.  I said "assume" because I haven't really looked into it or cared about it, so you can be pretty sure that I don't know what streets have a prostitution problem.  It's pretty unreasonable to expect me to not go somewhere if I don't know where that somewhere is.  How would receiving a letter if I'm not soliciting be any functionally different from receiving a letter just from driving down a street that I didn't know had a prostitution problem?  Will my significant other magically know that I was/was not soliciting prostitutes despite the fact that I would deny it either way?  I would instead just stop going to that city and spending my legal money in legal - and taxable! - ways.

This is the dumbest thing I've read in a while and people in Nury Martinez's district should be ashamed of her, as well as everybody in the districts of council members who voted for the Attorney's office to examine this.  I would be surprised if the examination came to any conclusion but the proposal being extremely illegal, in addition to being ridiculous.
New spin on the term "red light camera".
What is this, Minority Report?
You're not allowed to give her money to stick your dick in her vagina. That's against the LAW! 

However, if you want to buy her lunch, and then stick your dick in there, that's ok! We call that dating.
* copy license plate of city leaders
* paste copy of license plate over own plate
* drive through sex town
If driving down the street is enough to get one of these "letters", then the city is saying there is no legitimate reason to be driving down that street.  If there is no legitimate use of the street, why doesn't the city just put up some barricades and turn it into a garden ?
How about fuck you. It's my body. I worked long hours to pay that lady of the night. Stop capping my entertainment. If it's fun someone will put a price tag on it. Also if you do lay with them wear a rubber. Don't be stupid. 
Well maybe they can Legalize and Regulate the industry instead of being a bunch of prudish twats.
Imagine living on one of those streets? Anyone comes to visist they then get a letter from the government. Property values will just be great for those people. 
wait...so they have cameras there which can scan the license plates of people traveling through...but they can't use those cameras to find the prostitutes doing their prostituting? or is it a case where it's legal to sell sex but illegal to buy it?
One more attempt to legislate morality.
You know who's excited about this?  All the lawyers in Los Angeles...
ARREST PEOPLE FOR FUTURE CRIMES!  PRECOGS!  
Legalize it.
Uh, how about you fuck right off with these scanners LA?  
And this is why I was strongly against license plate readers ever being implemented.

"We're only going to use it to make sure people have current registrations. It's going to save a lot of money on stickers."

-- 1 year --

"Well it turns out once we had all that information we could automatically flag anyone we drove past and identify they were wanted for some reason or another, and pull them over. They're criminals so that's okay. You can't hide from the law!"

-- 1 year --

"Well, we're going to keep this on record forever. Yes some details got hacked by others but it's not very important. Why are we keeping it? Well you never know when it will come in handy. We can do mass collection and correlation. It's going to help us catch criminals."

-- 1 year --

"Now we're profiling people. If you're on a certain street then we know you're probably guilty of a crime, whether you agree it's a crime or not. So now we're going to send threatening letters to your house."

-- Next year --

"You are all criminals."

Because those streets are definitely prostitution only streets, 
just vandalize the fucking cameras, for fucks sake, it's not that bloody complicated.  don't be sheep.  
There are many things that I disagree with, but I can at least somewhat understand or appreciate the logic the people who support it followed.    
     
I literally cannot even begin to fathom how anybody in the world looks at this plan and thinks it sounds like a good idea.
How about LA just decriminalize prostitution and try to regulate it instead? All this plan amounts to is a surge in the divorce business and a liability to tax payers when the city eventually gets sued. 
1984?
so just driving down the wrong street is illegal now?  
Exactly what sort of mental failure has to happen for anyone to think that this is a good idea?
GPS sends you down one of these streets, your wife sees the letter, your marriage is over.

I wonder what kind of settlement you could get from LA.
Just the homes of men! #Triggered
This article needs a healthy dose of equality! 

Or just make prostitution legal. Why the fuck is this still illegal in the USA!? Time to catch up with the rest of the world...
Be married&gt; commute goes through red light district&gt; get letter about it&gt; wife gets mad&gt; get divorced.

Let's just err on the side of caution when handling a thing that should just be regulated instead of illegal.
In other news, Los Angeles is trying to start fights between couples over driving down a road
There's no way this is legal
That's going to fuck over a lot of innocent people for no good reason. If this goes into affect, the city is bound to get sued by someone who ends up divorced because of this bullshit despite have just driven along the road. This is a terrible idea, and I hope that if it is passed into law that the very politicians that pulled this out of their asses get those Dear John letters themselves for their family all to see.
It'd be great if people organized and started hundreds of cars driving down there.

Also, they are going to target men?  My car is actually registered to my wife.  What about women driving down there?  Are they discriminating against LGBT women? Equal harassment for all!
If they're concerned about underage and otherwise exploited women they can always, you know, legalize and regulate prostitution. 
This is a bullshit scarlet letter law. Like special plates for DUI folks
That's not what a "Dear John" letter is. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dear_John_letter
That's going to be a lot of fun for people who have to live in these neighbourhoods.  
&gt; Martinez has said many of the prostitutes are children, or women being exploited.

Then legalize and regulate the industry if you don't want a blackmarket with the most vulnerable!
#Yay government! They build and maintain roads that they will later accuse you of being a solicitor of prostitution for using!
Honestly, this is fucking evil to a degree I wasn't aware anyone was insane enough to implement. Yet, apparently, multiple cities have.

So:

1) Fuck you.

2) Give me a list of streets so we can start a protest by driving down them in large enough numbers to bankrupt the LA City Council.


It'll never happen. The city would get sued into oblivion.
"Yeah we know these streets have prostitution problems, but we're not gonna do anything about it! Instead we're gonna use lots of time and effort and money to contrive a fiendish plot to fuck up people that dare drive down these roads we made for driving down!"

But boss what if they are innocent and don't even know they are this sort of area?

"You're fired"
So like what if you have a business along these streets and your long time customers start getting these letters?

Doesn't seem very fair to small business owners.
Please do this to me so I can sue the shit out of you.
Eventually just being a man will be made illegal.
This should make confirming where the whores are very easy. Tyrion would be very pleased.
Invasion of privacy?

Also, why is prostitution still illegal across the USA? You want prostitutes off the street you license and legalise brothels. This removes the mob and pimps too.
Can you imagine if your job was in that part of town.  Now every few weeks a letter shows up reminding you that you work in a shitty part of town around a ton of prostitutes.

Not that you didn't already know that, but now it is official.
And we mock the Puritans for putting people in the stocks in the town square.
Talk about invasion of privacy, last time I checked if your vehicle is up to date and you have a license, It's not against the law for you to be driving in a public road regardless of the area. 
This seems like harassment. Intercepted by a spouse or child or somehow accidentally notifying a coworker or boss (gossip) could have massive problems.
Good to know that that city has literally no other problems and they can focus on this dumb shit. 
Is this just a ploy to get couples arguing even more? Maybe create more work for divorce lawyers? 
*passive aggressive* **INTENSIFIES**
Wow. 

The retaliation for that will be hilarious. Also it'll be pretty funny when they get caught in their own trap. 
Going out on a limb here, but shouldn't the city wait until someone ACTUALLY perpetrates a crime, before sending mail that an unsuspecting spouse may view as detrimental to her/his marriage?

I mean, this is one hell of a misunderstanding to correct for a possible wrong turn.
Because only men solicit prostitutes.

Because the shotgun approach when it comes to law enforcement is totally ethical.

Because someone couldn't prank someone else by borrowing their car and zipping down the street.

Because this is not a complete waste of money.

Seriously, if driving down a road is evidence of anything, why is the road even open?
I'm pretty sure cameras and image recognition systems can do more than determine if someone "simply drove down a street known to have a prostitution problem". Isn't most prostitution arranged online now anyway? Who even... oh they are going after poor people.
Huge invasion of privacy. Just figure out how to regulate and monetize it. Safer for everyone.
Guilt by association...

...I LOVE MY COUNTRY!!!
The things they use to justify this crackdown are actually the best arguments for regulating prostitution instead of pushing it underground with ineffective laws. In my city prostitution is rampant and often carried on behind closed doors with consenting adults who never tell a soul. Unfortunately, the illegality of it makes it so neither part has any recourse in the event of a failed transaction.
If I was single and lived near the area, I'd find ways to drive down that street over and over just to waste time and city resources sending me letters.
&gt; Martinez said, “If you aren’t soliciting, you have no reason to worry about finding one of these letters in your mailbox."

By that logic I propose we start an organization that accuses all politicians of being murderers. "If you aren't one,  you have no reason to worry about being called one."
I guess they tossed all form of common sense out of the window, again.  Homewrecking innocent people is all this will accomplish.
LAPD: Doing What It Takes To Avoid The Hard Work Of Solving Actual Crime™

Not as catchy as Protect and Serve™, but more accurate.
Better yet, why don't they just legalize prostitution? It will lower sexual assault rates and we won't need to spend money on these stupid programs.
I agree with simply legalizing it, you obviously can't stop people from buying and selling sex. The problem I really have with this is that I drive down a street that is a well known "prostitute ally" in my city, but I have to as it's the only way, that isn't completely out of the way, to get from my house to my university. I'm not driving down that street to pick anyone up, or scope out who's out and available, I'm just trying to get to school, why should I be getting "Dear John" letters for that (if it were to become a nationwide phenomena)?

Flaws in their attempt to stop people from doing something they will never be able to stop from happening.
the left's "war against men" continues
Guilty until proven innocent
Why not just legalize prostitution and bank? Instead of another pointless money eating program that doesn't work.
This shouldn't happen unless LAPD is also going to provide a mapping service that tells men which streets have prostitutes on them so they can avoid those streets.

And a fund to provide reimbursement for the cost of fuel required for driving around them.
If a street is so fucking bad it warrants sending letters of shame to people for passing through it, maybe it's on the city to do something about it? Protecting women and children? How about all the women and children who want to live in a city that isn't such a piece of shit that there are streets you shouldn't go to? Surely posting a police officer or a city volunteer on a street corner must be cheaper than sending letters to everyone who happens to drive down a street?
land of the free...
Completely unacceptable invasion of privacy.
Yay, shaming for personal choices. Los Angeles is so progressive.
So what I hear is print out a fake plate and drive down the street to send "Dear John" letters to people I hate and those in public office! Got it thanks for making this easy!
Legalize and regulate.

(that is all)
Make it legal and tax the shit out of it.
In 2001 in Costa Mesa, California, I just turned 18 and got a beat up Honda. I would routinely drive up Bristol Street to my friend's house, hang for a while, then drive back home, maybe get a burger.  
  
One day I came home and there was a letter from the police. It said that I was engaging in "illegal cruising" (exact quote), and to cease immediately. Simply driving down the wrong road at the wrong time became an illegal act somehow.
I'd sue the shit out of them if they did that.


Because I'm sure women are completely innocent and would never pay for sex.
That seems intrusive and weird
Who are these simple minded people that come up with these schemes?
Everyone should drive that road now to show how idiotic that idea is.
prostitutes (and now, johns) - sacrifices upon the altar of jealous monogamy
Lots of drivers will receive notice of where the prostitution spots are.
From [this article](https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20151127/08561332917/la-politician-proposes-bold-plan-to-wreck-homes-destroy-lives-abuse-license-plate-reader-technology.shtml):

&gt;  [Councilwoman Nury] Martinez says the non-guilty have nothing to worry about, because she's an idiot. 
This is a very bad idea. The first guy who ends up in a divorce because his wife opens the mail and reads "You were seen driving in a known prostitution area" will have a huge lawsuit.
They did this years ago in my town if you were spotted in the area more than once in a short span of time and didn't live in that area. My neighbour owned a glass shop near that area and one night he got a call that the alarm had gone off. He went down to check it out to find it was nothing and went home. A week later he got a dear john letter just because he was spotted in the area going to and coming from his shop. Coincidentally his name was actually John. 
This is a perfect example of why the "I have nothing to hide" excuse is bullshit.

The government shouldn't be sending your SO letters because you happened to travel through the wrong part of town.  It doesn't matter if you got off on the wrong exit the SO will never believe it.
Find out names of councilmembers supporting such a thing.

Find out their cars.  Copy license plate numbers.

Print fake license plates with their numbers.  Attach to similar model and color cars.

Drive up and down those streets all night.

Profit from the LULZ.
Yes let's automate the ruining of people's lives without a shred of proof that these people picked up hookers. What the fuck could possibly go wrong?
Just legalize prostitution already...
They're going to send letters to residents explaining that they want a divorce because they hooked up with the resident's best friend while he/she was deployed?
why are drugs and prostitution crimes in the first place? why does the government give a shit about what people do for fun? :/
This is terrible. There are two streets I frequent because businesses are on it that I need to go to. In fact, my job is right down the street from one of these infamous streets.

This is going to hurt property values and businesses too. One is directly in front of the Compton Swap Meet where a lot of people shop for things and people go to sell things. Prostitutes are always out front of it. This will hurt those people who go to shop and those who sell there as well as the people who live in the area.

Prostitution isn't great for the area, but having the city demonize the area won't make the situation any better either.
-Have sex 
-give your partner money
-go to jail...

-have sex
-give your partner money
-have a camera
-It's just porn...


What's next....scanning for blacks strolling thru suburban white neighborhoods? Whites in known drug areas? 
Drive down said areas streets everyday. Rack up a ton of notices. Hit them with a lawsuit. More people, better outcome. I think this might work.
Won't the local pimps just shoot the cameras down? 
This has major economic implications for an area. Namely, legitimate businesses in the area will suffer because no one will want to risk that photo being leaked. Which means they leave, which reduces jobs, which increases poverty -- which leads to more prostitution!
Of all the ways to waste tax payer money.
Yeah, nothing like intrusive surveillance and the abandonment of due process to energize the career of a local politician.
I don't even live in LA but I want one of those dear John letters now. The payout when the lawsuit happens is going to be epic!

Where do I go lads? I'm going to go stop and ask every last hooker to sign a christmas card for me. 

Maybe we can even do a reddit meetup event out of it
&gt;&gt; Los Angeles is considering sending “Dear John” letters to the homes of men who solicit prostitutes hoping the mail will be opened by mothers, girlfriends or wives.

That couldn't possibly cause any problems. 
This is so retarded. 

First off, the ONLY reason they gave for this was because they assert that women are being "exploited". Well, take care of that, then. 

There is absolutely nothing wrong with prostitution whatsoever.
It would be impossible in my town. There is one major street that prostitutes openly frequent, and thousands of cars drive it. It is also near the largest mall in the state. They'd go broke sending notices to everybody, to say nothing of the pushback they'd get from the mall owners and the HQs of every chain in the mall.

I'm tired of the police forces in city taking the path of least resistance in "fighting" crime. In reality, they are raising taxes on the citizens through the use of red light cameras (soon to be speeding cameras), setting speed limits too low or frequently changing speed limits in order to entrap speeders and write tickets, constantly criminalizing new technologies like talking or texting on the phone so they can write you a ticket for perfectly legitimate phone uses like looking at a map on your phone while driving, etc.
Or they could just legalize prostitution and then everybody would be happy.
What if a woman drives down there? 
So, uh, I live in LA. What roads should I avoid?
I'll take "Excellent ways for a city to get sued" for $500 Alex. 
But which streets though? There are so many of them? Need to know which one's to avoid.
Imagine the look on some pizza delivery guys face when he checks his mail...
Hey mom, can I borrow your car?
"Los Angeles considering becoming nosy neighborhood gossip police instead of addressing financial problems or gang violence."
 “If you aren’t soliciting, you have no reason to worry about finding one of these letters in your mailbox. But if you are, these letters will discourage you from returning. Soliciting for sex in our neighborhoods is not OK.”

Probably the dumbest thing I've heard in awhile. You mean my wife wouldn't suspect that I was shopping for prostitutes if I just told her I wasn't! Well shit, I wish I would have just said so before my first wife left me.
That's some 1984 shit right there.
The U.S. has on average more than one mass shooting every single day, but they say "nothing can be done about it".  Driving a car down a public street, however requires letters to be sent to the home of the vehicle owner.
For a state that is out of money, I would think legalizing and taxing prostitution would help them out more then wasting my tax money on stupid sh*t like this.
Hurray for pre-crime!  Now just driving down the wrong street can have the government messing with our personal lives.
Why are tax dollars and energy being wasted in pursuit of imprisoning people for victimless crimes?
I got an idea. Get the tag number of the fools that thought up this idea. Print out a paper tag with their number on it. Stop at the start of the street. Tape the paper tag over the real tag. Drive down the street. Photo taken of tag. Pull over and remove the paper tag. Now the idiots that came up with the idea can then explain to their wifes what they were doing on that street when they get a "Dear John" letter.
Proof the government is watching your every movement right here folks.
What a progressive idea by a progressive city.
The only problem is that prostitution is illegal.
Or they could you know legalize it and tax it.... To make it safe for everyone and gain revenue instead of this bullshit.
If an abortion is a woman's choice, than it should be her choice to fuck for money. Sounds fairly simple actually. But, the government would lose all the fine money and court costs. So, that's basically not going to happen. 
&gt;Council member Nury Martinez, who represents a San Fernando Valley district that has a thriving street prostitution problem, introduced the plan.  
Martinez has said many of the prostitutes are children, or women being exploited.  
  
  
A typical liberal "fix" that does nothing to address the actual problem. As if sending these bullshit letters shaming men is actually going to change anything. Too PC to even think of "controversial" ways like legalizing prostitution to address an issue, too feminist to admit that many if not most of the time it might be the woman driving the man to cheat. Sticking their fucking noses in other people business as usual.  
Honestly I'm so confused how people can be so leftist and clueless, (or so far to the right as well, but that's a different topic) but then I realize how many flat out retarded people can be and how many of them there are. 
Married pizza drivers beware.
I don't get to chose where my clients live. I'd be getting a lot of these letters. 
People are going to start taking ubers through that area if this goes through.
Your tax dollars at work.
Moral of the story:

Never, EVER get lost in LA.
The same state where its okay for an 18 year old to get paid on film to take 5 cocks at once?
Collecting metadata has never hurt anyone!
My middle school was right next to a known prostitution street. 

That would make for a lot of funny letters going to soccer moms.
I used to live in L.A. (Hollywood) and we lived on a block where down the street (same block, just other end) was a notorious pick up spot.  It was also a super nice short cut between two busy roads.  I can't imagine the number of divorces or levels of distrust in relationships that could happen to my former neighbors or the passers through. Wow!
How is this not sexist discrimination? (Didn't read article. Only read the title as I'm just just browsing before class).
I don't open mail... Any of it... My wife does. I feel this wouldn't work out too well. 
Were this not in the Washington Post, I'd think it was either a bad joke or somebody seriously misunderstanding the proposal. Okay, I'm not a particularly activist-minded person, but *if* this passes muster with the City Attorney and *if* the dipshits who support it don't get thrown out of office by the scruff of their necks, can you imagine the protests? Tour buses and caravans driving through these neighborhoods just for shits and giggles, ordering pizza delivery for the local hookers, setting up lawn chairs in front of license plate readers. This law will be made useless VERY quickly. 
I feel like the phrase 'wtf' has existed for the sole purpose of eventually describing this idea. I have never read anything that made me 'wtf' more. 
Couldn't resources be better used to help those women?  This just seems like a stupid idea. 
what the actual fuck.
Nury Martinez has her head shoved so far up her own ass. Hopefully the residents of her district will wise up and boot her for this malicious idea. 

I don't care what your intentions are when your actions are as disgusting as this. Fuck you @ CD6Nury!! Why not work towards reducing harm rather the create a client shortage where the prostitutes will be abused for not bringing in money for their pimps. 
Way to violate people's privacy and waste tax dollars/government resources. No wonder LA thought it was a good idea.
This issue here isn't whether prostitution should be legal or not. It's about being complicit with a nanny state. It is my opinion that if Los Angeles did implement this, it would be a blatant act of invasion of ones privacy. We already have cameras on every street corner and its only a matter of time before they are used to monitor and site pedestrian actions. Implementing a system that sends "Dear John" letters would be a direct step in the already deteriorating privacy rights we have afforded to us. 
Waste of taxpayer money. Sounds like a front just to be able to get their hands on license plate readers to use extensively without everyone's knowledge like all the other California departments that have them.
get out of our fucking lives
This is mental. 
Maybe we should put trackers in all the LA county vehicles and post on line where it goes and who was driving.
You know what would be a better idea than this? Literally anything. But here's something more specific - stop the petty, prudish moralizing, stop making safe sexual interactions illegal, regulate the sex industry, and stop interfering in people's personal lives. A husband committing adultery is not something the city should care about - that's a personal problem. A well-regulated sex industry probably won't have the human trafficking problem the illegal one has - I mean, there will always be evil people in the world, but regulations make it a lot easier to find them.
I feel bad for anyone that lives or drives to the Valley.
"Honey, why are there six charges from Avis on our credit card bill?"
Well that's one way to get the people angry at the local government
This sounds like a lawyer's wet dream. So many ways to sue the city...
Wow, this seems like a breach of personal rights..

I lived in an area of Columbus, Oh (Hilltop) in a little village area that was relatively a safe oasis next to a street known for heavy prostitution at night.  Coincidentally, this street also had the only near Wendy's on it, and my wife loves Wendy's when pregnant, meaning I'd drive said hooker street to get a cheeseburger for her at odd hours of the night.

Had the camera been there, I'm sure there would have been some splainin' to do when the mail came.
Only thing missing is Tom cruise and a pool of albinos.
Remember how all the crazy paranoid people where saying that this was going to happen and everyone laughed and made fun of them? 


So.. the state wants to track people's movement and harass them for going to the wrong places? That's pretty disgusting.
Never been interested in a prostitute. Never solicited one or even thought about it. But still, this is fucking stupid. Talk about a slippery slope argument worth making...this is it. This is it right here. 
"If you are doing nothing wrong, what do you have to worry about?"
Enterprise rent a car is about to make some serious cash.
I used to live a block away from Sepulveda in the San Fernando Valley. There was a huge hooker problem nearby, the pimps used to drop the girls off at the start of their shifts right on my block, sometimes right in front of my house.  I called the cops dozens of times, they were useless.  Ridiculous idea. 
How is this legal?   It would be penalizing someone for simply driving down a road...??   

If the prostitution problem really is that bad either the police arent doing their job or maybe most people arent bothered by it &amp; it should be legalized.
Everyone's debating if sending these letters should be legal or not, and I'm just over here outside the box saying, why is it illegal to voluntarily exchange goods and services if there's no victim?
Lovely. And when are the gestapo coming into our homes to check when we heiled to hydra last?
In Toronto, a lot of prostitutes hang around Yonge Street, just South of Bloor Street.

These two streets also happen to be probably in the top 3 busiest streets in the city, if not *the* top 2, as well as being home to our only two "real" subway lines.

tl;dr: great idea LA, let's bring this to Toronto next.
so now I'll be able to find out where all the popular prostitutes are just by driving around the city!

Thanks city government!
I totally want this to be the new Star Maps.  Make a whole tourist route based on driving past hookers and pointing out the seedy motels where they traffic their wares.  
Good thing I posted a thing on my Facebook telling them they can't. Checkmate assholes!
[All cell phones are being triangulated from the towers when they contact them 8 times a hour. This is being recorded by carriers to keep track of your movements and whom and where you associate.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZTWOL_U-OMg)

Not only that, they can also id people before they get close to a location by their cell phones.

Faraday Cage bags are all the rage now for the privacy conscious consumer. 

Preferably sound proof ones to also insulate ultrasonic stealth communications to other hardware, like to and from computers.

The electronic spying is wholesale, covert and everywhere. Smart TV's, OnStar, your new car GPS recording and speeds, backdoors in hardware and in software.

Unless your a electronic warfare technician, don't buy it as they just keep on heaping more spying every year.

Use Linux, live free again.
How exactly all this stored data can be used against me?

I'm being honest here, I really have little understanding of this whole thing. I don't know much about computers or other electronics, and haven't thought much about all this outrage on privacy issues.

I assume it's been quite some time now that governments been tracking what I do with my phones and laptops, but I don't understand how that actually could affect my life.

Can anybody eli5 here please?
The Users of Reddit Wants You To Stop Typing Like This And To Stop Creating Clickbait.
My issues with this article:

1) This is a blog post from the personal site of a relatively famous but decidedly partisan independent journalist.

2) The post has an editorialized title and appears to provide analysis solely or primarily to confirm a pre-existing opinion. 

3)  The poster's evidence includes limited excerpts from a description of aspects of the intended policy--that is, a second-hand source with the poster's opinion repeatedly sandwiched in between. 

4) The poster's analysis includes phrases like "hypothetically" and "it's quite possible", yet his or her conclusions are affirmed in absolute terms like "false", "they're still __", and "unmistakable". 

5) I am not convinced that the poster can fairly or adequately represent the legal context for the described policy change. The law is complex and extremely intricate. It often requires specific knowledge of multiple precedents and the larger legal code. 

Although I recognize the nature of this subreddit, I would prefer that future submissions meet a higher bar for quality, primarily because I would like to know more about the subject, not less. 
Govment collects everything. Only way out is to stay away from electronics.   All electronics. Just, stay away. If you're paranoid . 
It seems like Rand Paul is the only presidential candidate who cares about this issue at all.
Anyone have a soluion to this mess? My father survived through the Soviet Union (especially the day their army rolled in through our city of Baku).
He brought us to Canada, and now this shit is happening... It seems that north America forgot what true freedom costs to achieve, so they are being lazy to maintain it.
Let's be real, this massive data collection is less about stopping foreign terrorists and more about stopping insurrection within the country.
I have an issue with this statement:

&gt;Just a tiny corner of the phone dragnet will shut down, and the government will continue to collect “telephony metadata records in bulk … including records of both U.S. and non-U.S. persons” under EO 12333."

EO 12333 can be found [here](http://www.archives.gov/federal-register/codification/executive-order/12333.html).  I not find anything regarding their authorization to do this there and no hits for the words "telephony" or "metadata" in the entire executive order.
"The most terrifying words in the English language are: I'm from the government and I'm here to help."
The best part about this form of passive surveillance is that the public are entirely complicit in it all - they acquire the smart phones, cars, tvs, etc. themselves and broadcast it all for 'free'. 


Former Government employee here: Most government employees are regular folks. Where I worked it was like 75% grandmothers and grandfathers punching a clock. While I'm sure the FBI and CIA are quite savvy and there is reason to be concerned (if only on general principle), they are still regular people. And they don't communicate with each other very well. I'm not gonna say conspiracy is impossible, just that people tend to give the Gov way more credit than it deserves.
the second i heard it called the "USA Freedom Act" I knew we were fucked. Who comes up with that shit?
Give me two cups and a piece of string.  Gonna start up my own network!
Jokes on them cause I don't have friends or a social life.
Alright, I've seen some intelligent Q/A here. Another one needs to be asked.

Short of paranoia, hysteria, and tin foil, what can *average man* do during his day to hinder, belittle the collection of bulk data, and generally be a spanner in the works?
what a waste of tax dollars
They also want you to forget the bulk collection of your internet traffic which makes the phone record thing look like a joke.  The phone records thing is a distraction.

That's right, they even want us to forget about the distraction.

Under current laws, your phone records are not your property; they are the property of your phone company. Your phone company is legally allowed to give or sell those records to anyone, be it a private business or a government agency. They are in no way obligated to inform the customer of these transactions.
I really don't know why the goverment wants to know what kinda porn im into so badly
Let's be honest here, did anyone really believe for one second that they would just stop? Why listen or take orders from the American people now all of a sudden - slide spite creating these programs in secret courts behind everyone's backs? They are pretending to so everyone can go back to being complacent.
lol and you better believe they do more than that.

"records" is different than convos.

years ago it was ruled not a violation of our privacy, if the government sucks up shit we freely share with a third party.

UNTIL WE MAKE AN AMENDMENT TO CHANGE THAT LINE ABOVE... the gov will do this and many other shit that would scare the fuck out of you.

yeah you could make a law, but it wouldnt be as effective.... every single thing you share with a third party, besides lawyer, and doctor, is fair game right now.


The NSA's #1 job is to make sure the government isnt surprised about anything, they are going to push the law as far as they can. So its far worse than the phone records, but i dont hear anyone but bernie and rand running for office who want to pull this back a bit.. and even then its got to start in congress who none of them seem to want to do shit about it.
I don't care. That's an option still, right? 
What is the motive behind doing this? 






I can't decide if the motive behind mass collection of phone records is:






A) because the people protecting the nation are terrified of making a mistake, so they want every possible tool available.






B) because power is very addictive and once the people at the top knew they could collect everyone's info they now refuse to give it up. 





C) a part of a massive conspiracy in government/corporate controlling the general population.  
The Government Wants You To Type Like This
How Is The Government Making Us Forget If Our Records Aren't Real
Is the answer to switch over to landlines? (Besides just not calling or texting anyone, ever) 

...seriously? 
Regardless of these abstract concepts, it is always wrong to initiate violence toward another unwilling being. That is exactly what government is. The justification of violence.
And most Americans will, because most Americans have attention spans that can only be measured in nano seconds.
Jokes on them, I don't use phones.
They aren't going to risk too much just to not have a decent future, but if people can have a decent future, but if people can have a reason to be transmitted. complicit I think it was so overcrowded, who knows what got in the cut.
Lol nice try govt....
Good.. I  would love to see the NSA try and decipher what my Filipina mother is trying to tell me during my phone call... because I sure as hell can't tell what the hell she's saying on  a good day.  Lol
It's all a just a game, isn't it.
ummm....No Shit?
&gt;USA Freedom Act

I wonder if the irony is intended?
The only thing they'll figure out is I spend way too much time on Reddit and I'm a credible threat to going over on my data plan.
[Do a search on USA Freedom Act in this subreddit.](https://www.reddit.com/r/technology/search?q=freedom+act&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;sort=relevance&amp;t=all)
Who's in charge of the NSA?
So just so everyone remember. This article is about America, please don't make the paranoid assumption that your government does the same. Also the data is analysed by a computer. People NEVER see it.
At this point, go for it.  ISIS, Trump/Fiorina supporters, and other stupid morons have proven this age of humanity isn't worth their weight in salt.
My prediction is that within a generation it will be accepted - both morally and legally - that there is no expectation of privacy of one's electronic communication in the same way no one now considers it unusual to have government issued identification.


Note: Not advocating, just speculating.
They can see my Dick pics idgaf.
They will never stop trying to watch you 
Forget what? What's a phone? [*Kobe's Retiring*!!!](http://np.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/3us11p/kobe_on_the_players_tribune_dear_basketball/cxhap3e)
It's as if I can't anonymously hide amongst the masses anymore. It's like being a teenager not being able to sneak out of the house because, you know, my parents can see me leave. 
[aaaaand....](https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcTpvIwVUGfc1GAgnmrfg8ZmtmX2bEs2WfRVEWUuYbxg9XlTN7YVoLVxsjk)
No shit. This is what passed for 'news' these days?
And given enough time, people will and little by little this will continue until people have to die to flip it back. Which is the saddest part
Forget the stinking metadata. The whole thing is a red herring meant to distract for the fact that they're capturing *100% of the content*. The contents of *every* phone call and every email, SMS, instant message, etc since 2001. It's sneak and peek on an epic scale.

Note that they always say no one is *listening* to your phone calls, which is true. They're just being stored until they decide to target you, get a rubber stamp warrant, and build a case against you with the totality of what you've ever said, bought, read, etc...

There isn't a chance in hell there is a single citizen they couldn't build some kind of case against.

Worst yet, they're spying on all three branches of government, giving them the power to twist and manipulate the Government to their will.

The balances of power between all three branches has been usurped by one agency which hides behind state secrets, and has no real oversight.
Of course they do. Some people will profit from mass data. Some people will profit from the TPP. These *some people* aren't interested in *We, the People* unless it serves to make them more powerful.

The government will continue to facilitate this game of Hungry Hungry Hippos until either, 

 - We enter a totalitarian state where the "government" rules all
 - We'll have a war/revolution

History has shown us that both are guaranteed. The second could prevent the first (even without all out war), but if the first goes too far, they **will strike first**. Since the first is united by greed (money/fear) and the second by ideals (people/rights), the ruling class will have an enormous advantage over the fragmented and idealistically divided *rebels* that just want a good life and not to be shit on by those in power. 
This is still going on.

And who is surprised?

None 
I Don't Know Why it is so Hard to Read Post Titles That Cap Every Main Letter in the Post. 
Cover your electronics in tin foil. 
I send the NSA a Dick Pic everyday
/r/titlegore
The only way out is not to play the game. They rely on our inability to go without computers, devices and Internet. If we could resist that then their power fades truly significantly.

These threads are always filled with the brutal irony that in making our comments about how we hate being recorded, we're participating in our own surveillance.
Three thoughts here:

1. That's still crap!
2. I have phone records?...
3. I should really start a business in data collection!
From 2009 until about 2014, this title would have read: 'The Government Wants You To Forget It Will Still Collect Your Phone Records in Bulk started by President Bush'. Why is it this is not an Obama policy?
Good thing I don't give a shit that they are doing it and neither does anyone else I know. 

No one cares, except reddit as far as I can tell.
I got really scared when i realized i wasn't in /r/conspiracy ....
Collecting phone records is not collecting what is said during conversation. 
And now all the conspiracy nuts come out of the wetworks.
The title had me picturing an old Uncle Sam propaganda poster, edited for modern adage;




 "The government wants *YOU* , to fuck off and leave it alone!!!"
eat my dick gov. balls and all.
nothing will be done by anyone.
Can I ask why do we still care ? The government has a called saved where I ask my girlfriend if she wanted 2% milk or 2,5% ? Why do I care ?
13/11 proved that this only matters if you have nothing to hide ...
You turn in your phone.
I don't get why people are so up in arms over this. Unless you're a terrorist, what super-important secrets could you possible need to hide from the government so badly?
I have zero expectation the US government won't record all communications regardless of their claims.

Personally, I accept this as the way life is at this time. It's been like this for a long time. And I'm ok with it. 

If I was conspiring against the government, I'd protest the idea. 

I don't think this affects freedom of speech. This is a measure to try to protect the citezens of the US and likely citezens of other nations. So, I say let them listen to my boring conversations in the hopes that they find and stop terrorists.
I have a magnificent beard.  What's the next step?!
I want to actively protest this but booze is cheap and the girls are waiting...na na na nah ...nahhh
I don't care.
Rand Paul is the only one who cares about this issue. Silence or support of the bulk collection of data from all other candidates.
When will /r/technology start posting actual tech stories instead of incredibly biased and politically charged opinion-based articles?
[deleted]
Who cares. Feel free to read my texts to my buddies about video games and asking my wife what time she gets off work. 
We aren't forgetting we just don't care.

We just don't care if they know when I called my friend and how long I talked to them.

There are 317 Million American Citizens, they aren't looking at my phone records, they just can access them if I'm doing some suspicious shit....


Many state legislatures don't allow riders.  Why does this bullshit fly in congress?  The bill should be about the bill, not cramming your personal agenda into an unrelated bill.
I feel like keeping congress from destroying the internet is like trying to stop terrorism.  You do everything you can but it only takes 1 sneaky person to sneak something by the guards protecting the internet to ruin every ones day. 
Just today I was listening to cspan and there was an education bill with something tacked on to give oil industries tax credits. Seriously NOTHING to do with the education bill. 
How come this shenanigans is not illegal?
Net neutrality is the most important topic that hasn't been covered at all in the presidential race.
I have no idea how the GOP remains so popular
Wasn't Obama the one who supports the TPP?
I don't know who Spending Bill Rider is but he's a son of a bitch!
Riders are one of the many things wrong with American politics.
I wonder why the government hasn't passed a law forbidding 'riders', and any bill caught with one would be grounds for a life sentence for the politicians involved, or at least fire them.
So... Cable companies have a "natural" monopoly. You usually have very limited options in a given market because of the needed infrastructure (much like railways). Using this monopoly they can move capture other markets. In this case it is not be expanding their territory (although mergers help), but by pricing out competitors in the data services. Netflix has to pay extra, but your new Comcast media services can be "bundled" and cost less...


Cable companies view this as a way of protecting profits that they are losing via cable cutters, they simply try to lock the market another way.


The only good solution is the judicial (get it... "judicial"...) application of the Sherman Anti-trust to break the data services from the data transport. Anything less just keeps the cable companies trying to backdoor in their very proprietary view of the internet. It worked for AT&amp;T, and it can work for internet providers.
They're so in the pocket of big business, you have to be a special kind of idiot to vote GOP at the moment. The Democrats frankly aren't much better, but the GOP is really taking it over the top. 

Get money out of politics or we are all doomed! 
It makes me pissed off that politicians do things like this for corporations when they know that 0 people in America that aren't part of the corporation will want it... Government is so fucked up
Jesus H. Christ, these greedy motherfuckers will not **fuck off**
Exert: the only real way to deflate the rules would be by winning the 2016 Presidential election and appointing a new FCC boss dedicated to killing the net neutrality protections post appointment.

Challenge accepted. Now I just have to actually VOTE.


As long as they keep getting bribes...sorry paid to fight it by the media companies they will keep at it.
How do we stop them from trying to kill net neutrality over and over? 
This is one example of what's wrong with our system. This should not be ok, a bill, should be for an express purpose. This idea of tacking on, completely unrelated "riders" either for a tit for tat idea. Or to block is fucking asinine, and is a big reason, nothing meaningful gets done. 
[Study Proves The US Is An Oligarchy, Not A Democracy - The Young Turks](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JvJ1ZuJDNbQ)
I hate all our politicians.....well 98% ish I like Elizabeth Warren as she seems to actually care about and fight for the people......we as a people need to clean house in the house, senate, and white house and remove all career politicians from the government. And once they are gone enact laws that prohibit others from becoming career politicians, such as term limits, AND severe penalties such as no less that 20 years in prison for caving to lobbyist or corporate interests. And 50 years for accepting bribes in office or to get into office.
Here is the text of the rider. What does this have to do with net neutrality?  

&gt; None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to regulate, directly or indirectly, the prices, other fees, or data caps and allowances (as such terms are described in paragraph 164 of the Report and Order on Remand, Declaratory Ruling, and Order in the matter of protecting and promoting the open Internet, adopted by the Federal Communications Commission on February 26, 2015.

The FCC said the open internet order would not regulate prices and did not address usage pricing or zero rating.  

EDIT: From the [text of the Open Internet Order](https://apps.fcc.gov/edocs_public/attachmatch/FCC-15-24A1.pdf).

&gt; We expressly eschew the future use of prescriptive, industry-wide rate regulation. ... Today, our forbearance approach results in over 700 codified rules being inapplicable, a “light-touch” approach for the use of Title II. This includes no unbundling of last-mile facilities, no tariffing, no rate regulation...

And in his statement upon the release of the order, Chairman Wheeler said, "We forbear from sections of
Title II that pose a meaningful threat to network investment, and over 700 provisions of the FCC’s rules.
***That means no rate regulation...***"

Most important comment from that board:

| "Crap like this is why we are dead last for internet service metrics - availability and speed, especially.

Way to keep 'murica the laughing stock of the planet, jackasses. "
Quick who's ever rep this locality represents, call this peach and tear his ass up. Shame on you people, this should never happen with an educated populace. 
Who is Bill Rider?
I wonder how much Comcast had to pay for them to explicitly include 'data caps' in that provision. 
Ok, so can someone explain, if Net Neutrality is killed, who would benefit from it and also what are those benefits.

Bonus: Who would gain the most from it and who would lose the most from it.
Who on earth is Bill Rider?!
It's not the GOP it's the lobbyists that represent corporate interests that are writing the laws.

The congressman are simply proxies.
Isn't net neutrality already dead? T-Mobile doing what they do to greenlight services to not impact days claims is an example. Folk disclosure I have T-Mobile
They won't stop until we riot.
From the time-honored, "If you can't price-gouge people for it, it's Socialism&amp;trade;" school of thought. 
I feel like this shit is their last ditch effort to ruin the country before they get voted out of office. 
I can not fathom how anyone that is not old/a religious fundamentalist or rich can vote for these scumbags
Fuck the GOP
who wrote the bill?  who is pushing it?  what are their lobby affiliations?  where is the reporting?
Canadian here, I don't think that this country was founded.
So sounds like net neutrality is pretty much done for then. Republicans are bound to win the White House at some point. They seem to have an iron grip on both houses and the way American electorate has been voting in the last two Congress and Senate elections (can't remember if it's the same election or separate?), they may control those for a while. 

Thoughts?
Gangsta ass corruption, politicians swimming in those cable/telco Benjamins.
Riders is a union member and I would see a union as a distraction so they can pass whatever crappy budget it wants giving everything to everybody.
will this ever stop?
God fucking damnit guys, stop the bullshit.
This is why everyone should vote for Hillary in the general if she wins the primary even though we all love Bernie Sanders so much.  The Republicans cannot have the keys to this car
Who are these guys, can they die already?
Can we make net neturality an ammendment? How?
This is one reason I would vote for Clinton over a GOP nominee.
Classic GOP - govern with shady riders snuck into spending bills. That's pretty much their only tactic these days. "Fuck working across the aisle - we'll just con everyone with riders or hold the government hostage"
Am I the only one who supports the TPP?
Bill Rider is a valuable asset; he should not be spent so freely.
GOP == Comcast
It makes me pissed off that politicians do things like health departments and environmental restrictions getting in the Stockyards.
It is worth noting this article cites an earlier Huffington post article, and there is a more recent article claiming a rider was not in the latest of proposed spending bills.
In essence, it's simply a way of protecting profits that they are hugely important in getting people a fair wage and evening the power to make me respect their viewpoint.
At this point, what evil deed isn't the GOP trying to get done? The primaries are absolutely ridiculous and I can't see how anyone would vote for any of their candidates. The whole world is laughing at America. 
Why are these fuck-heads still holding an appointed office?
WTF is wrong with the GOP. Scratch that. What is wrong with American citizens for electing the GOP? I'm not a Democrat neither. Like Bruce Lee said: "Absorb what's useful, discard what's not". I side with both sides of the party but usually that's 90% Democrats because the GOP are always trying to fuck shit up. 
Are there any new technologies coming that will make the internet unstoppably free? 
These fuckers are relentless. It's crazy how much power and money can drive a human being. 
Republicans just will not let neutrality alone, and thanks to that I seriously doubt I will ever vote GOP again.  I was raised republican, voted mostly republican, but my eyes have slowly opened to how our two party system is terminally fucked.  And this net neutrality issue is just too straight forward, there is no real differences in how it should be handled, you either try to uphold it to make the US a better place, or you go against it and prove beyond a shadow of a doubt that you would throw your countrymen under a bus for the sake of a corporation.

I will vote Bernie because maybe he will be able to somehow enact changes for the better.  But if it ends up Hillary vs Trump, Hillary is just as owned as the GOP, so im voting trump, just so we can accelerate our decline so people wake the F up sooner.  
As an independent, I will not vote for a GOP candidate at the federal level and this is right on the top of my list of reasons why.  They simply can't be trusted not to fuck up the internet so their rich friends can get more money.
Net Neutrality is not a party-line issue. 
I know the existence of riders has good intentions but we really skid should get rid of those fucking things. 
There is also a bipartisan attempt to attach riders that dismantle campaign finance laws. One of them allows politicians to withhold any money they received from federal contractors. Another one removes the fundraising restrictions on PACs allowing them to raise unlimited money just like super PACs.
Wait. What? This rider would make it impossible for the FCC to rate regulate, which it said it already has no plans to under the new Open Internet Order. So, what exactly is the problem?
There has to be the national religion.
I wish we could throw these criminals in prison already.


Serious question:
I keep seeing things like this "and Comcast's allies have just slipped a provision into the bill overturning Net Neutrality"

1. Who is putting these into the bills and
2. Why aren't we going after them?

These guys have an agenda that reminds me of the Santa Fe Ring. We need to prune out the weeds in the government. They know what they're doing, and so do we!
With the stuff that comcast is doing against neutrality anyway it would seem its already dead.
ITT: No one has a clue this is widely used by both parties
Why do the Republicans hate everything that is right and good? It's just mind boggling.
im starting to think that the GOP is using these mass shootings as a distraction so they can pass stuff like this unnoticed... 
"Is this bill a good thing?"

"Yes" 

"Is Obama still president?"

"Yes" 

"KILL IT KILL IT KILL IT KILL IT! I DON'T CARE HOW KILL IT!"

That seems to be the thought process.
Dear GOP,

Kindly fuck off with this crap.

Regards,

The Internet-using populace.
What a bunch of fucking children. 

"We can't get our way so we will just MAKE you do what we want by hiding into something you have to sign". 

EDIT: I am saying the people who are trying to hide this in the spending bill are children for being sneaky about it since they can't get what they want "fair and square", not you guys for complaining about it, I agree with you. 
Can we please have the names of the assholes who keep doing this plastered in the info and articles about this...so we can add this to the long list of douche moves under their names
Fuck you government. I want my internet to be free of Government bullshit. 
There goes the GOP again, looking out for your FREEDOM!!! 

(To be ruled by your rightful masters, the wise and benevolent corporations that own you.)
Good. Looking forward to this succeeding after the next elections.
Who the fuk us dumb enough to vote for GOP? It's like signing up for castration. 
Democrats want a bigger inneficient government, more regulations and more control over the internet. That's not "net neutrality", it is just a horrible idea.

Imagine they get that and then a far left or far right party governs. They will have power over the internet.
ITT: People trying hard to blame the GOP to avoid blaming Obama who is 100% for the TPP. 
You already lost NN the moment T-Mobile started excluding certain traffic from metering.
This will give Obama a chance to shut down government and blame Republicans.
Shouldn't we just say that lobbyists and power brokers try to kill Net Neutrality.  

This is going to continue to be a problem no matter who is in power; let's not be so partisan.
Wait isn't killing net neutrality a good thing...not so sure why everyone is butthurt the GOP is using this to kill it
net neutrality will be abused


&gt;Citing possible links between terror-related websites and online communications and Friday’s attacks on Paris, FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler suggested Tuesday Congress give the agency more authority to use ‘big data’ to monitor and act on potential threats...

&gt;Barton asked if Congress should give the FCC additional authority to allow the agency to “**shut those websites down**.”


http://www.insidesources.com/in-wake-of-paris-fcc-seeks-power-to-monitor-shutter-websites/

and it will be completely legal for them to censor the web with net neutrality:

&gt;No blocking. If a consumer requests access to a website or service, **and the content is legal**, your ISP should not be permitted to block it. That way, every player — not just those commercially affiliated with an ISP — gets a fair shot at your business.

https://www.whitehouse.gov/net-neutrality
&gt;Apple argues that White "has not demonstrated how he suffered any loss."

Wrong thing to argue.  Apple should be arguing that he knew the risks when he signed the work order at the Apple store (which traditionally says that you agree to the wipe).  By arguing that he didn't suffer any loss, they're just asking for a jury to side with the plaintiff.  He obviously suffered a loss, it's just happens not to be Apple's fault.

EDIT: [Apple settled with him, giving him the entire amount he asked for](http://www.digitaltrends.com/mobile/man-sues-apple-iphone-data-reset-news/) (which was peanuts).
MY DATA IS SO IMPORTANT - never backed up data in 15 years. 
Years ago I set an employee up with a new machine, transferring her data from the old machine to a new one. 

Set her old machine aside for a week. Asked her if she had everything she needed. She said yes, so I formatted the drive and sent it out for recycling. 

Next day she says she can't find her wedding plans. So apparently she didn't have everything and her old data was now permanently gone. 

She complained to her boss and my boss, they both said the same thing to her: Do you have what you need to do your job? Because you shouldn't be making wedding plans on company time. 

She accepted it and moved on and even apologized to me for getting angry at me. 

But her friend at work wouldn't let it go and would harass me about it daily. That eventually cost her her job. 

Over the years I've been amazed at the number of people whose personal lives are comingled with their business data. I get that 'everyone does it', but that doesn't make it a good idea. 
They make it very clear that you need to have their shit backed up. The genius will usually ask a couple times but even still it's your responsibility. When you sign the work order you agree to them possibly wiping the device. If it's a software issue a wipe is more or less guaranteed. IIRC there's also a pop up confirming that you understand. 

If what was on his phone was "His life" he should have backed it up.

TLDR he agreed to the wipe and signed off on it whether he read or not. 
I uploaded all of my photos to Google drive. They were also on my computer. A Drive bug deleted them all from both Google's servers, and also from my laptop. I tried to get them back but was told due to an error they weren't in drives trash bin.

All my childhood photos, ex friends and girlfriends, just gone. All because they were too important too risk losing I decided I needed to back them up. 

I ran a deep scan of my hard drive and recovered about 2/5ths, many of which are thumb nail quality now. Google sent an email saying sorry, nothing else, and I haven't looked at any of those photos I still have for over a year, as everytime I open that folder now I notice all the things which are missing.

Plz back up your important photos on a physical external hard drive people! 
People will never learn.  YOU HAVE TO BACKUP THINGS THAT ARE IMPORTANT TO YOU.

Hell, I can think of several FREE cloud backup services right off the top of my head.  One of them even integrates with your god damn iPhone.
This will probably get buried, but:

1) According to the Evening Standard, the man won the case for a total of £2,000, less than the £5,000 he was seeking. Source: http://www.standard.co.uk/news/london/london-pensioner-sues-apple-and-wins-after-tech-giant-wiped-treasured-honeymoon-photos-from-his-a3126511.html

2) It doesn't sound like this necessarily happened as part of a Genius Bar appointment. If it had, Apple's defends would've been pretty iron-clad - as many of you have pointed out, he is warned before coming into the store, several times during the appointment, and signs a work authorisation explicitly stating that Apple is not responsible for loss of data. However, for a basic troubleshooting case, the man may have simply walked into the store and asked for help. There are many sales representatives who are happy and have the knowledge to help people sort through basic issues, such as the spammy texts he was receiving. It's extremely unlikely that they would go to the point of erasing the phone on the shop floor, but it's possible, and it's possible (though unlikely) that the sales rep (who is not a trained tech) didn't ask him if he has a backup before erasing the phone. The originally incident happened this time last year, meaning the store would've been flooded with temporary seasonal workers who don't necessarily know what they're doing, because they don't receive the same amount of training that normal employees do.

3) Regardless, that's a dick defense for Apple to take. They have to argue this, because otherwise it opens a HUGE Pandora's box of problems for customers who have accidentally had their products wiped for one reason or another. But to say, "He has yet to demonstrate he lost something of value" is a dick way to put it.
You can't even schedule an appointment at Apple without the following message:

Before you come in:

Back up your data

Please be sure to back up the data on your iPhone — either on your computer or using iCloud. Learn how to back up your iPhone.

To service your iOS device, Find My iPhone will need to be temporarily turned off. In order to turn off Find My iPhone, you must know your Apple ID and Password.*

* If you are unable to turn off Find My iPhone, Apple cannot provide support services. This policy is in force to prevent unauthorized persons from servicing your device without your knowledge. If you don't remember your Apple ID and Password, please go to iForgot.
Update your software

Many issues can be resolved by updating the software on your iPhone. If you’re on iOS 5 or later, you can update over Wi-Fi or by connecting to iTunes on your Mac or PC. Learn how to update your iPhone.
Did anyone in here actually read the article or are we just going to circlejerk about backing up data? 
I must admit I'm the first one too lazy to make backups, but for that very reason I have set automatic backup for my phone stuff on the cloud, not perfect, but it works. And is convenient too when you change terminal.

I don't have an iPhone but I'm mostly sure iOS have some sort of online backup that this dude had to purposely ignore, what was he expecting? Even if it wasn't an employee the phone could have gotten stolen/lost/whatever, those features are there for something
I sometimes secretly wish I lost all my photos. So much stress worrying about backing up over 2 decades of digital pictures, over 100,000 photos. Do I need any of them? My grand parents had a folder with 5 pictures in them, their entirety of pictures of their childhood. They valued them, they treasured them. What do we have now? Thousands of pictures of our food, thousands of our kids engaged in bratty behavior, pictures we will never look at again.
To anybody saying "Well, they should've backed up their data," the first thing any competent IT person should do is ask if there's any data that is not backed up. I'm not saying it's Apple's fault, but there clearly were procedures that weren't followed.

Source: IT Student. Literally went through this last week.
That syncing feeing
"Have you backed up your phone?"

Earlier:

"Hey Siri. What ever you feel is right, I have your back."

Back in the store:

"Yes!"
And he won.

"'the Central London County Court awarded him 1,200 British pounds (around $1,800) in compensation and 800 pounds (around $1,200) in costs."

http://www.cnet.com/news/man-successfully-sues-apple-for-wiping-photos-from-his-iphone/
Yea the customer is most likely at fault here, but he's old, 7,500 isn't a lot of money, and apple should probably come up with some way for techs to backup user data by default.
Gee. Wouldn't it have been great if Apple provided some kind of online storage space for him to back his photos up.
Do you have a backup?

Yes.

So you're ok with me erasing everything?
Contacts, calendars, reminders, photos, notes?...

Wait you mean it's gonna delete my photos?

Yes that's why I asked about the backup. 

Oh, no, it's not backed up. 

Every, fucking, time. 
He should just ask NSA for a copy of those pics. 
ITT: people in IT don't realize the average person doesn't understand what backup or wipe means.
Some people might call my photo backup practices paranoid, but for something that can never be replaced, you can never be too careful.

I've got my photo library stored on two different computers, each with RAID 1 drives, an external hard drive, and Amazon S3 (with yearly archives in Glacier).

I have recent photos (a few years) on my laptop as well, and a lot of stuff on Google Photos as well (including all phone photos from when I had my Nexus 4/5).

Currently have an iPhone, so those photos are on iCloud as well.

And even with all that, I still think about ways to add more layers of redundancy. It boggles my mind that people would have a single copy of things like photos that can never be replaced.
You're telling me this guy has 15 years worth of data on his phone, but has no backup from when he transferred his data over to the 3 year old iPhone 5?
15 years of photos on a 2 year old phone.  Something tells me he knows how to do a backup. 
Doesn't Apple have data recovery tools for just such occasions? Article states he has 15 years worth of contacts and photos, so this guy has clearly switched phones before, and switched data, and gone through this whole process once before. You don't just use the same iPhone for 15 years. He has probably upgraded at least 4 or 5 different times. He probably walked in assuming they would just transfer the data over to the new phone like they always do. Classic case of miscommunication.
While I understand the importance of backing up your important files and also that this guy was a bit foolish/naive, an employee also shouldn't wipe your phone without taking the time to explain what they are doing and get the owner's explicit permission.  
I will say that I do apreciate the reasonable sum of money that he's suing for, as opposed to whatever hundreds of millions that most people sue for
Google photos has saved the less technically inclined members of my family a lot of grief. Most of them have iPhone software,  but I cloud can be confusing as balls. I understand this guys predicament,  but even my grand mother had the sense to ask her grandchildren how to make sure her stuff was backed up that was emailed to her. 
Leave it to Apple man to have years worth of not backed up photos on his device.
ya gotta back that shit up
Firstly, why would he not backup the data if it was so precious? Secondly, the data isn't erased after a wipe. I would have thought the apple tech would have known to attempt a data recovery. Thirdly, wow; he's actually suing for a reasonable amount. Props for that.
Three, two, one.

Three backups, on two medium, one off site. Follow my rules three, or tragedy there will be.
Why do I see two very simple solutions to this...

1) It's 2015. It's not exactly new that people come to repair stuff without a backup. When I perform maintenance for friends/families, **first thing I do: A FREAKING BACKUP!** It's not hard nor long nor expensive. It's actually insurance for myself in the first place. It's being 100% positive they won't lose a thing, because who wants to do that to someone they care about? (notice the angle, here) It should be a "one button" feature in Apple's employee's app. 

I don't even ask them if they have a backup. I just take it as part of the job to restitute the device/computer with every bit of user data I found initially.

In a commercial situation, if the guy's a jerk and refuses for some reason, "please prove you have backup" (e.g. login to iCloud.com, check everything's there) or sign a discharge of responsibility. Otherwise, shut up and let us backup and restore safely.

Done, the end of losing customer data.

2) Come on Apple, you screwed up *big time* by not asking before hand (honest mistake probably, but nonetheless...). 

**BUY THE MAN A DAMN TRIP!** 

It's the humane thing to do. It's the business thing to do. 

Why go to court and spend every citizen's money and Justice's time for such a classic commercial screwup? The default stance should be to *settle* and do the gesture everybody expects ─ somehow, make up for it, it's a *bad* mistake and really disingenuous to argue there's no proven loss, it's obvious if you think like a human being... 

See the pattern in my train of thoughts? **Human-freaking-beings with feelings and memories and *'stuff'* (including *cluelessness* about machines and *backup* and whatnot).** That's why/how you sell these phones in the first place! The whole *point* of a phone/computer is to process freaking ~~user~~ ***human*** data!

This could actually have been turned into positive PR (now's too late for that, so food for thought). The man could have a been a living, travelling, picture-taking Apple messiah, complete with a brand new free iPhone 6S 64GB (comes with easier closure; new page, new horizons).

Seriously, 200b revenue, pretty much as much in cash, 50b profit, but they can't own their mistakes? That's lame. Boo.
He is stupid, if that phone, a very breakable, loosable phone had "7,500 dollars" worth of data on it, back up that damn data. APPLE INCLUDES SOFTWARE TO DO THIS.

This guy is an idiot
Truthfully, I'm going to get skewered by the anti-Apple circlejerk for saying this but I don't think he should get a cent. His negligence shouldn't be someone else's problem, nor should it be their financial responsibility. If he didn't understand backing up his device or transferring the data to somewhere else, he could have called AppleCare for help or gone to a class at his local Apple Store to learn. If he did understand how to do it and just simply forgot or didn't bother to do it, then he definitely has no leg to stand on.

I hate how this article has to drop the "the guy wants the money to take his wife on a second honeymoon to replace the one he 'lost'" thing at the end. It just shows a clear and blatant bias against Apple when they're just being extorted- they're not in the wrong here. The only way that Apple is going to have to pay out is if they lose a PR battle over this, and Yahoo is definitely not staying neutral on this.
I'm an apple care employee and yes we ask constantly if backups have been done. I help people restore everyday and always ask and so do my coworkers. We also recommend customers backup via iTunes or iCloud.  It's not apples fault this customer did not backup his information. Devices can fail from just an update, he would blame Apple and she then ? This is ridiculous 
As somebody who used to work in a phone shop, this pisses me off. There is no way that the worker would have initiated a factory reset without asking if the phone was backed up. 
How did he manage to get 15 years of priceless memories stored on nothing but his iPhone 5? It must have been stored somewhere else before he put it on his iPhone.
Strange since pretty much the first thing the Apple Geniuses ask me when I drop by is "have you backed up the device." And he never backed up to a PC or the cloud? Sounds like somebody really screwed up on both sides.
What a good idea! I'm going to sue Apple for deleting all my Candy Crush levels when I upgraded my phone.
When I worked in Geeksquad we tossed some dudes hard drive accidentally and the store ended up shelling out like 20k to make him happy.  It was business stuff on the drive too.  Surprised apple is really even fighting this.
&gt; White explained that the content on his iPhone 5 was invaluable and irreplaceable.

So back it up, stupid.
"My life was on that phone" yet you have absolutely no backup? How valuable is something to you if you don't even care to utilize a built in service that will save it all for you in the even if something like this. I have no sympathy for this person, if it's that important back it up. 

Also, as an Apple employee this is why I ALWAYS let the customer press "Erase iPhone" 
Pretty sure the initial terms and agreements when you set up your phone and are forced to agree two twice before using the phone states customer data is the customers responsibility.
[THIS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Omfr12DmzFk)
"An interesting wrinkle to the saga is the allegation that White was only asked if had backed up his device after it had already been wiped by an Apple employee."

You effed up bruh. Always always always hit the cx up before wiping crap. Have them agree to the scripting if you have it with your company. Shrug with your boss after he confirms you did so.

Decade now in tech support (tech for half that, manager for the other half), can confirm, sooner or later someone will do this, and they will be in a pile of poo. Not the first lawsuit/threat of lawsuit of this type either.
I was a FRS at an Apple Store. A woman came in a week or so after her mother passed away. I can't recall exactly what was going on with her phone, but it wasn't an easy quick fix and the phone needed to be restored.

I recall specifically asking her if she had everything backed up on her phone at home because I'd have to wipe it in order to restore. Well, the entire time her 3 year old was causing havoc on the kids computer and she "yeah yeah'd" me really quick, but I didn't think much of it at the time.

15 minutes later I hand her the phone and she looks at it for about 10 seconds and goes "where's all my photos?!"

"Ummm.. I had to restore the phone. I asked if you had a back up."

Woman: "I didn't think you'd have to delete the pictures!!!!" In a very hectic, panicky voice.

Me: "ma'am, I apologize, but I did ask you..."

She just starts balling. Her daughter looked up at her and started crying. Customers and coworkers stopped and stared. She went on in an incoherent mess about how the last pictures she had with her mom were on that phone and nowhere else. Then realized all the eyes on her and her daughter. Yelled something at me along the lines of "you/Apple are the devil" and got out of the store quickly.

I felt.. I still feel so damn bad. I shoulda been sure, but I thought I was because she answered in the affirmative and it was busy..

From that day on I asked customers no less than 3 times if they had a backup and clearly stated all data including photos would be gone if there wasn't a sure backup.

It's rough, even to this day, knowing I erased her last good memories of her mom.
Riddle me this, Riddle me that... How can they not get the data back?!  
Why are backups not common knowledge...
Lots of clucking going on here
You're telling me Apple doesn't have a retrieval process? The photos were not deleted off the phone, the file paths were.
Wants to take her on another honeymoon with the money? Well this guy just sounds like an asshole. Not that wanting to take your wife on a trip is a bad thing but I dunno, fuck this guy.
It's hard for me to believe Apple can't get it back.  The FBI could you better believe that.  Nothing is ever really deleted until it is replaced with something else.
When I worked the help desk at best buy. I always told the customer, I was about to delete everything and asked if it was backed up to the cloud.  Sometimes I would send customers home to transfer their photos to a pc and then have them comeback to finish the troubleshooting.
With the amount of **free** ways to back up everything on your device including iCloud that's already on your device there is no reason you shouldn't have backups.
So, when you market your product to primarily tech-dumb people and claim that it just always works... chapter two reads: "fourty-eleven million idiots are suing me!"

No surprise here.
Never trust hardware support people.

I took a laptop into BestBuy (had been bought from there for me as a gift) to the Geek Squad. What was wrong with it? The hinge for the screen was breaking and I wanted to get it replaced before the warranty ran out.

When I got it back, they had handed me a brick with a wiped hard drive. I asked them why they touched the hard drive when they were asked to fix the hinge, and they told me it had errors and that they were obligated to fix everything wrong on any warranty work. Never once contemplated contacting me before doing un-prompted service work, let alone work that would result in complete software and data loss.

Fortunately, I'm smart enough to back up everything valuable before handing over a machine to anyone, but the moral of the story is that hardware tech support is not dominated by the best and the brightest.
Well if he cared so much about it the phone wouldn't be the only source of photos.. his loss.
when ever i got to the apple store the apple guys/gals ask  multiple times have you backed up your data and if so when was the last time  
At least three external backups people! This is what I say to customers when I'm at work; I don't have any backups... :/
PSA: have an external hard drive that you do periodic downloads of all your photos and keepsakes. 

That way when your mobile or main drive goes to poop, you have a reasonable cache. 
I used to work consumer level tech support.

I was consistently stunned by how many people handed me their phone and then said something like "Be careful. That phone has hundreds of business contacts on it and if I lose them I'll go out of business."

Not to mention all the mothers and fathers who suddenly looked like they saw ghosts when you told them that they just lost all the pictures of their children.

What.The.Fuck.

In all seriousness, when dealing with consumer cell phones I almost felt like a doctor that had to tell patients that they have terminal cancer or something. No joke, I usually made at least one customer per week break down in tears because I had to tell them they lost all their stuff.

These people never consider backing up. I'll never understand it. 
7500$ is like buying an apple at the store for Apple... Dafaq
I know how to fix this... Put glittery quotation marks around the guys genius t-shirt. 

Perfect! 

Now he's a "Genius" 
I was shocked to see this article did not take place in the United States
Everyone here is saying he should have backed up his phone. Yet people don't understand that a lot of people don't know how or even know that you could do such things.  I worked in wireless and there is a big amount of employees that assumed the customer backed up. Now I personally save my stuff before going to Apple and several times they took my phone to the back and said, we did a factory reset without telling me. I'd be pissed had I not backed up 
Back up data thats important to you, period.   Shut the fuck up, pony up $50-80 for a external with a TB or 2 and back that shit up, now.
I've got an iOS device and I find it quite difficult to stop the damn thing backing stuff up.
And that's why you back up your stuff. Your loss. I don't care what Apple argues, it's not their fault he didn't care enough to put his photos somewhere other than one place.
Sheesh, iCloud is part of the out of the box setup on all iDevices. Clearly the guy didn't pay any sort of attention, otherwise if he had set it up, he could just restore.
How? I have the an iPhone and it is literally more difficult to not back it up!
Worked at Genius Bar for some years in two different stores. Never worked with an employee dumb enough to pull this off. But I've also dealt with customers who have been asked multiple times if they're backed up and some will say yes thinking "oh if I just agree to whatever the man says I'll get it fixed or maybe replaced". Definitely have had customers verbally agree yes, even making sure they understood that EVERYTHING was going to be erased, only to have them freak out when their contacts were missing. Situation escalates. 

While any documentation he would have signed would have absolved Apple of responsibility, it is very rare that these documents are drafted for software repairs. A lot of the time this is because it's so busy and under staffed that there is a ton of pressure for time from customers and management. But you learn very quickly how to ask the right questions or you're in messes all day long.

Seems like the employee fucked up pretty hard in this case. 
Whatever will he do without all those selfies with the cat?
I woke up the other day and all my iPhone contacts were deleted. I did absolutely nothing and it just happened overnight. The weird thing was the information was somewhere in there, because the names were showing on text messages, but the contact list was empty. I had to resync with my google contacts, which weren't up to date and I lost a bunch of newer contacts. Wtf Apple 
When I'm working with someone's phone and it definitely needs a wipe u explain multiple times before. 

When I'm about to hit the at button I inform them once more. I hand them them the phone and say it once more and then let them push the final button.

So far no problems. I like to cover my ass a bit.

Too many people come in freaked out because they lost their phone and all the stuff on it. No, there is no way for us to get it back. Alway back up your stuff. I download my contacts once every few weeks to my personal comp, work comp and an SD card. Sometimes I put them in the cloud even though they are backed up through google.
Apple's photo management apps suck.  And they have for years. Years!
It's amazing to me that this can happen in 2015.  My phone is backed up to iCloud, my computers are backed up to Time Machine and OneDrive.  Important stuff, like pictures of my Dad (he's decesased) are on my latop (and subsequently it's Time Machine backup) a portable external drive and my Dropbox.  Oh, and most of them are posted on Facebook as well as backed up in Picasa.  The only thing not backed up is my Android tablet, and there is little, if anything, to lose there.  I mostly use it for browsing Reddit and the web, both of which are synced either with my Reddit account or through Chrome.
I'm sorry but he claims this was his entire life and is suing for $7500?

I don't really know how anyone could quantify how much an emotion is worth. I mean logically you would back those up but let's assume the worst. 

How could anyone possibly determine the value of that? A dollar per picture? $0.25 an app? What about his progress in angry birds?

Seriously where do you draw the line?

But realistically its 100% the customers responsibility to back up their data. Of course the techs anywhere you go will do their best to make sure you backed up your data. Of course. 

I think Apple does as much as they can to make sure your data is backed up. iCloud backups are on by default. iTunes should automatically backup unless you tell it not to. How else could any company make sure your data is secure?


I'm willing to bet he was one of those against the cloud people blah blah blah and refused to back up his device to the cloud and for privacy reasons the Apple store wouldn't back up the device to a computer. But who knows. Will follow along to see how this works out. 
Backup backup backup backup backup backup backup backup backup backup backup backup backup backup backup backup backup backup backup backup backup backup backup backup backup
Soooooo yeah. Anytime you make an appointment at Apple it is explicitedly stated to MAKE YOUR OWN BACKUP. 

Too many people just aren't responsible with their own phones and data.
what a prick.
what a prick.
Am I the only person on Earth who routinely backs up client data before doing anything with their stuff? It's not hard, and saves much hassle down the road.
If losing that data is worth $7500 to you, and the only copy of it is on a phone you carry around with you, isn't that like carrying around $7500 cash? Sounds like a really bad idea
Everyone's missing one important point...

If the data is of such value that he's willing to take them to court, why not spend the money to have a professional forensics service scan the hard drive and attempt to recover the data off of it?  Forensic analysis is usually able to recover most anything that would be on there, even if it's been deleted, so I suspect a factory reset isn't going to wipe the data permanently if he's willing to go to the effort to spend some money to retrieve it.
In other news; man sues parents/teachers/community for growing up to be stupid. Claims it's not his fault. 

Given the course of our society, I can see such a headline being true in the not too distant future. It's always someone else's fault. 


I find it strange that people don't use Instagram or Flickr to prevent a situation like this
ITT: People not reading the article, or [the follow up.](http://www.standard.co.uk/news/london/london-pensioner-sues-apple-and-wins-after-tech-giant-wiped-treasured-honeymoon-photos-from-his-a3126511.html)
Back up - do back ups!
I back up to iCloud, OneDrive, to the Laptop and to my server at home 
Okay its done automatically being a Computer Scientist but just backing up to one of these will saved his butt - data in one place is not safe
IIT: YouTube quality discourse.
doesn't that shit get sync'd automatically when you plug in your phone into your computer? 
Eh, his life is only worth 7500 dollars? Apple should simply apologize, pay him, and promise to improve employee training.
In my line of work, I had one of my employees remove a customer's e-mail account off Mac Mail.  Well, the customer and the rep did not know, that removing an e-mail account off Mac Mail removes the e-mails themselves (Beyond stupid).  He also did not have Time Machine or any backup (This was the reps fault, not the customer).

He had lost 10 years of business e-mails, contacts, sent items, contracts etc.  No idea what happened to his lawsuit vs us.
Currently working to try and recover data from someones HDD, pls back up everyone! Their laptop was dropped and with no backups, they are very lucky the drive is still spinning with minimal corruption. Managed to recover around 70% so far with only 30 corrupted files, not everyone is so lucky. 

I have about 9 hard drives with various diff backups on and I *still* shit myself about not having something backed up. I just hope the people I am recovering today will heed my advice of buying 2 drives, 1 to replace the internal drive and 1 for a backup. SSD's all the way!
His "whole life" was on his phone and he never backed up his data? Idiot deserves to have his life deleted.
Former retail apple genius here

I worked at the genius bar for 4 years at apple, and I call full BS on the fact the employee asked about a back up AFTER they wiped the device. We are taught rigorously to make sure we ask these kinds of questions before doing something like this to prevent these kinds of situations. Know i understand it is totally possible the employee was lazy and didn't ask first but I just highly doubt it.

And furthermore his legal claim was lost before it began. All those agreements you choose to accept (but never read) clearly indicate apple is basically never responsible for data loss. And if you are foolish enough to keep your entire "life" on one phone with out any kind of back up then I personally have sympathy as anyone that uses any kind of technology should know that things like this can happens at any time.
He has an iphone 5 which was released in september of 2012, at the very minimum he has backups of stuff on that date otherwise how did he get his phone loaded?
I am paying for the 50gb for $.99/month. Now at least I can get my pics back if I lose my phone.
It doesn't matter that he didn't back up his phone. The Apple employee still didn't follow Apple protocols, they have to verbally ask you first if it has been backed up recently.

&gt;Speaking to The Sun

Stopped reading here.
And it's Apple's fault that he/she didn't back it up?
He had 15 years worth of contact on that phone. The iPhone 5 has only been out for 2. Clearly, he's familiar with the concept of backing up data and moving it between devices.

He's either a scammer or an idiot.
A lot of people in here saying "he should have backed up if it was so important"

Former Apple Genius here. A lot of people don't understand this concept.
It was so important to him he never backed it up.

His fault.
B A C K Y O U R S H I T U P B E F O R E O T H E R S T O U C H I T F A M
I have no sympathy for people who don't backup their data.

EDIT: typo
&gt; For what it’s worth, Apple argues that White “has not demonstrated how he suffered any loss.”

You weren't going to look at those photos again, or call any of those people.
Backing up your shit is YOUR responsibility.  If your entire life is on one small, easily broken/stolen/lost device, the impetus is on YOU to ensure it is secure.

I understand you are frustrated at the permanent loss of personal data, but keep in mind YOUR phone was not behaving properly, and you came to US to fix it. Which we did.  It is now behaving as intended, thanks to our efforts, albeit without the personal information that you had on it prior.

Yes the Genius in question could have been more diligent in confirming that the data on the phone was backed up at home.  But having been in scenarios very much like this one myself as a Genius several years ago, I can reasonably state that this guy probably came into the store seething livid and demanding a solution NOW.  "Go home and back it up before we can fix it," almost invariably falls on deaf ears.  They interpret "Sir have you backed up your data first?" as a roadblock to fixing their phone in the immediate, and don't want to take another trip home, back it up (which may have it's own complications while there is no Genius at home to consult,) then take the trip back to the store.  So a cursory, "yes yes yes just get on with it," is quite often how people respond.
Worked as a "Genius" for many years. I would always explain what restoring the phone/computer entailed. EVERYTHING will be erased. I can't tell you the number of times I heard "where are my contacts/photos/texts/apps?" after the device was wiped. We would log a case in the system stating that we were erasing the data, then have the customer initial next to "this will delete all data". So many would still freak out on us about "lost data". 

It blows my mind how many free and easy ways there are to back up that people don't take advantage of.
Yeah I deal with morons like this daily. We have it on our wallpaper and people still don't get it....."Save your data to your "X" drive, data on this computer can be erased at anytime"
I really wonder what the reaction to this story would be if it were Geek Squad instead of Apple. I mean I like Apple, but I feel like the commenters here see Apple tech support as magically better than other underpaid tech support employees. I've interacted with extremely bad Apple geniuses.
this is not newsworthy 
&gt;Speaking to The Sun about the incident, White explained that the content on his iPhone 5 was invaluable and irreplaceable.

...but he was too lazy to learn how to back any of it up.
I sincerely doubt Apple didn't inform the user that he should make sure to backup his data and if they need to they will erase the device. It's probably in the user agreement of the phone itself infact, and most likely at the store as well.
Not their responsibility to back up his data. Is it Western Digitals fault if my HDD fails and I loose everything? Nope, my fault for not having it backed up. Two type of people in the world, those who have lost data and those that will. On the plus side he is only asking for triple digits, not 6+
People are told this will happen. They just don't listen. They ignore you because they don't care. Then they sign whatever paperwork you put in front of them and complain when all their stuff is gone. I deal with this every day, and it is always the same thing. No sympathy to be had.
Fuck this guy and fuck anyone who is such a complete fucking asshole that they carry all that data on a fucking phone without backing it up. 

He may have won the legal case but that doesn't mean he isn't a total fucking dickhead. 
If this guys shit was that fucking important he would have already backed it up. I mean mega.nz is 50 free GB free cloud storage. 
So dude is a retard. This is newsworthy?!
I'm surprised Apple not only is fighting this, but is being so arrogant about it. There is a WAY better argument than 'he hasn't demonstrated how he has lost something important' (paraphrasing). For just $7,500 or less than half that in settlement they could have avoided the negative publicity and also setting a precedence in the small chance they lose in court. I guess their plan is to keep appealing until the man is exhausted. Again, this depends on specifics that we don't get in the article.
Hell no.  The judge needs to throw this out immediately or else he could set a very dangerous precedent.  No excuse not to have a backup. 
This is why you back up your shit. Also, why there is a disclaimer at my store (not apple) that says we are not responsible for any loss of data. That dude deserved what he got for not learning to take care of his own mess.
That's why buy a phone with SD Card.
Oh, you thought you cared about that data?  Truth is, you don't, or you'd have had backups.  _ANY_ file stored in a single location without a backup is a file you are willing to lose without a second thought.
Current Apple Genius of four years.


Whenever we go through any appointment or check in process for repairs we explicitly tell the customer your information WILL be erased (even if it won't). We don't want to run the risk of it for some reason happening and catching the customer off guard. 

I myself force customers to come back with a back up before I perform any repair on their device and word it as such.

"As a technician I don't feel comfortable putting your information at risk and would like to see you back up your information. I can place a hold for your replacement device and you can return once your information is saved."

Once they sign off on our work confirmation, you've given me the ok to erase your device and also state it's not our responsibility....
I have no sympathy.   It is beyond common sense to back up your files, no matter the medium they are saved on.   How can you have your whole life and irreplaceable things on ONE device?   Fuck they make cloud so easy to use now.   Dropbox too.  Like really.   You must be a total imbecile to not once back up any media device that is the ONLY holder for important and sentimental things.
Invaluable and irreplaceable.

But I don't need a backup of it.  Nope.  Not me.
Apple 'Geniuses' - took my laptop into them with a hardware problem. They screwed up my harddrive, then it wouldn't boot because of some software which only runs in the apple store. 

Half the time you'd be better off giving your device to a trained monkey.
I work in tech services and re image customer equipment all day every day. Everyone signs a work order when I take their equipment that says they can't sue me for data loss, and that I'm only liable for $300 of their equipment if I destroy it by accident. Though I do occasionally have to refund someone's service if a new tech doesn't back up the hdd or forgets to tell a customer of the impending reset. Taking care of customer service situations with some flexibility tends to be better than potentially being sued. Perhaps they should have just appeased the man with trinkets. Though my advice to him would be to find some time to backup his files occasionally over the next 15 years. Apple should've done more to cover it's ass and resolve the situation on the apot. Customer probably didn't lose anything but a bunch of phone numbers and bs and just wants something for nothing. 
    Wait this happens everywhere all the time. Why is this news? It's just a symptom of an increasingly technological world alienating people from another era.
Has he not heard of Photorec? Any computer repair shop will pull the photos out of that phone for like $60. It might not grab everything if the phone has been used since, but it'll grab 99.9% of probably damn near everything that has ever been loaded on there even while browsing the Internet. Porn included.
I say give him the win. It means we will see a story of him going on that honeymoon and chasing that tortoise around screaming "bite me again you old bastard!"


Everyone wins.
Unless factory reset zeros out all memory, all the data is still on the phone, you just have to parse the memory sector by sector to access it. 
Um, isn't that what iCloud is for? Don't you get 5GB for _free_?
If he has a PC, and is using iTunes to back up his phone, a long drawn out,  costly legal battle with a multi national corporation is probably less frustrating. 

Open and shut care. They make it very clear. And iOS/Mac backups are stupid easy.
He should sue for $100,000 and distribute half to us based on comment upvotes.
$7,500? Must have been some real invaluable photos. I'd shoot for $100,000 and settle for $40,000 out of court.
If you are going to own data, you also own the responsibility of backing it up.  If you don't, and you give your data to someone else to control, too bad if it gets deleted.  Suing will only tell the world what an asshole you are, and you won't win.
I should back up my phd...
Until we get the court details I'm going to hold judgment on both parties. If the store employee just didn't mention that a wipe was possible, or the old man just didn't grasp what was at stake.
Is there no R-Studio type of un-delete software available for iOS?  Because when you delete stuff, unless you overwrite it with 0 bytes, the data is still there, it's just been marked as "Free space" by the file table to be overwritten in the near future.
Confucius say: http://stream1.gifsoup.com/view4/1161987/back-it-up-gif-o.gif
There are plenty of cloud backup services for phones. My strong recommendation though, is to backup locally. Keep control of your own data, don't just give it away to companies who will do god-knows-what with it. Plus, if the NSA wants to look at your cloud backups, nothing can really stop them.
&gt; Speaking to The Sun about the incident

Enough said.
Usually in situations like this I would say tough luck as you should back up your stuff frequently, heck I learned this at school back in the early '90's and we where only using old 386's.  

However he may have a point if he only asked the employee to look at it and after they fiddled with it and reset it, then asked if he had backed it up, maybe they are negligent but then what has he lost bar sentimental things?  I don't think you can quantify that so he may win and be awarded fek all.
waste of his time and money... customers are responsible for their own backups, not retailers. No company I know covers data loss... it's in the contract you never read... so, he's not going to get too far with this. (he could have it sent for data recovery though). 
Do you know how easy it would be to data recover that phone?
Seeing as the majority of young people are completely computer illiterate, we can't expect a 68 year old man to be computer literate. If the store failed to ask him if he backed up his shit then I'm more for siding with him because he's not asking for an unreasonable amount. If they did ask him (multiple times or not) then he's shit out of luck. Sorry, but tech support asks this type of question for a very good reason. This type of thing is why Judges exist.

Back your shit up people and stop relying on a single device/drive for everything important to you.
'Hey, my phone is acting funny.  It shows this message'

Store Employee: 'HERE!  Let me thee it!'

'Okay'

Store Employee: ' *stupid old person*  Um, I need to do something, did you back your stuff up?  Well, you should have.'
Why do I personally know so many apple users that don't know how to or even bother trying to learn how to backup their phones? Is iTunes the problem or is it just their user base? I'm genuinely curious. 
There has got to be linguistics that would help people understand.  Like, if you told them you are swapping the insides for something different, or ask them about what they will have lost if the computer was completely gone.  People may lack the technical knowledge, but require some method of thinking about it.
Sorry, but neither phones nor computers are new.  If you don't predict hardware failure or the consequences of handing your phone to a tech and saying, "fix this", that's your own problem.  Apple makes it easier to back up and transfer your data than anyone else.  If you don't back up your data for 15 years, that's your own fault.  
Making sure I backed up was both common sense for me and asked thirty times by the Apple guy at the store before wiping my wife's phone to get a replacement. 

I am still confused though, at how the previous two days photos were missing from both backups made in the hours before going to the Apple Store.

My wife was so pissed because we lost some good pictures of our daughter with my father. My dad didn't die or anything, they were just awesome pictures.

We lived. Didn't sue.

TLDR: backup didnt fully backup
/u/25lighters
I have everything backed up yet still get horrified by the prospect of losing everything. 

I have 10k+ photos and videos on my phone. I would die if I was to lose them all. 
This reminds me...I should back up my phone...
I used to work for Apple and thankfully I do not anymore. 

Listen this happens all the time, Apple Store employees are so pressed for time that things get rushed and or forgotten, but Apple is smart and protects the self from employees mistakes as any good company would. 

The bigger issue is here that these employees are over worked and under paid RETAIL workers, and it is completely foolish for someone to put 100% faith in someone not to screw up. People make mistakes and for anyone to trust someone to not screw up with something so important is just not smart. 

Anything that is important should be treated as so. This guy didn't do so and now he is blaming an innocent kid. 

It was more likely that he drops his phone in water he simply should have been backed up and that is no ones fault but his own. 
We're just going to put everything in the cloud aaaaaand its gone. 
Moral of the story? Always back up anything you consider to be important enough to be devastating when lost.

Shoot, just back up everything!
Am i the only one that is caught up on the fact he is only trying to sue them for $7,500?
I thought this sort of thing just wasn't possible on Apple stuff.
Granted he should have had a backup, but data loss due to someone else's negligence is still their fault. They MIGHT have a case if it could be proven that the data was already unrecoverable and they simply wiped the device to make it functional again, however, they should have still disclosed this to the customer before moving forward. Ive been in the IT industry for close to 10 years with much of that in enterprise storage, and Ive never seen a single scenario where it was appropriate to delete a customer's data without asking for their explicit permission first and making sure they understand what will be removed. 
The only way I can see this going in the mans favor was if the Apple employee testifies that he didn't ask the man prior to wiping the phone if he had backed up all data or not. 

Something sorta similar happened to a friend. Phone wasn't working, brought to Apple Store, asked if he had backed up, he replied "yes", phone was wiped, on restoring, discovered he hasn't backed up his phone for a few weeks. He was more bummed with himself than with Apple. 
Give to this poor man a few millons of dollars.
https://www.piriform.com/recuva

Here use this.
There's the cloud, there's external hard drives, there's memory cards(for some Android users), etc.   Sorry man, it's your own damn fault.
Do you even cloud bro? 
uhhhh... back up?
Not an Apple user but I'm shocked the iPhone doesn't do either live or nightly cloud back-ups by default.
Maxim 41. “Do you have a backup?” means “I can’t fix this.”
Wow, good job idiot 
#geniusbar...
My experience haven't been this bad, but sure as hell hasn't been good &gt;.&gt;
That tortoise video sounds like it'd be worth way more than $7,500
Google Photos.

/s
thanks to assholes like this we are going to need to sign shit before they touch/look at our phones now 
Okay somebody help me

i am a technological novice. Pretend im 85 years old.

How do I backup my iphone stuff?
The least Apple could do is pay for their honeymoon. 
That sucks so bad but man if you aren't back up your shit, you only have yourself to blame.
Am I the only one who doesn't have any important data on my phone? There's a few pictures I don't really care about and maybe 2 dozen contacts that are people I see IRL regularly. 
Back up you numpty.
Wont a data recovery program recover some of this? not sure how possible it is due to it being solid state
Not having a copy of your data in more places other than your phone isn't smart by any means, but if this story is to be believed, it should be protocol to verify if data is backed up before wiping. 
Should of used google photos and avoid those "geniuses"
Just ask NSA, I'm sure they have a copy somewhere.
I'm glad to see he's not suing for some unreasonable amount of money.
Shouldn't that shit be backed up on iTunes anyway?
Someone get me in touch with Mr. Sir. Tell him I'll recover his photos for $7500
Both sides have their own responsibility of this incidents. The serviceman MUST have asked if he has done any back up BEFORE he goes on and proceeds restoration. And the old man should have backed up obviously, if the data is important. But in this case, the serviceman would be more responsible. 

Idiot! Back up your data if it has worth to you. This already happened to me last year. Accidentally deleted 7 years of pictures. Only half of it was backed up.
Seriously, people act like backing up your device is some sort of rocket sience. Apple makes it very, very easy for you to do it. SO DO IT!

I've been working for a apple reseller quit a while and you won't believe how careless people are with data. Students, 1 day due for final exam stuff to hand in, coming to tech counter with a 9 y/o macbook, be like: "MY MAC ISN'T TURNING ON, MY DISSERTATION IS ON THAT, FIX IT NAAAAOOOOWWWWWWWWWW!!!!...please." 

Of cause you'd expect them to have some sort of back-up. USB, external drive, mail, printed out...nope. And god forbid if you are not able to restore their data. Why are you yelling at for not backing up your data if it is your responsibility to do so?
This is why we can't have nice things. He wins his lawsuit maybe and next we pay for everything at the Genius Bar.
This is horseshit. This guy hasn't had this phone for fifteen years. He never backed up ANYTHING, just went directly phone-to-phone, for fifteen goddamn years? No way.
And that's kids why you should make backups.
The guy must be a moron because anyone that has a soul knows that backing up your data and Media is a must. 
I have my data and Media backed up in 7 different places. External Hard Drives and Clouds.
The Judge will no doubt throw it out.
Can someone elaborate? What are the special benefits? The article didnt help me 
So aren't there 99 other breakthroughs? What are they?
I don't get it. What the advantage of having a white laser over a traditional red/green one? Does white transmit information better or something?
Blue LED's winning a Nobel prize is so last year.
True white lasers (broad spectrum lasers) have been around for 5+ years. The lasers in the article are just rgb lasers. A laser tv would look awful due to speckle. A company already makes blue laser based tv that lights a phosphor (just like a crt).

A true white laser is super interesting because you can get an extremely short pulse, since the width temporally is inversely proportional to the width spectrally.
Top 100 of the year? Does that mean we can expect another "breakthrough" post every 3-4 days?

It's cool to see advances in technology but the sensationalistic presentation is ridiculous.
What's it do? 
Terrific advance.  Will it be cost effective?
White privileged written all over it. 
So how close are we now to developing the first light saber?
This professor is Cun Ning.
Holy shit.  Are we advancing that fucking fast?  We have so many breakthroughs in a year that we need to restrict rewards to the top 100?  The same civilization that fucking coasted on agriculture for centuries, and fire for millennia, now needs to cap out the technological breakthroughs we have per year at 100?  Get the fuck out.  We rock.  Read: Collective we.  I am still terrible.
Wow, top 100 of this year guys. Lord knows I remember ALL the top 100 from last year.
Top 100 breakthroughs of the year? There are so many "breakthroughs" a year that one every three and a half days is extra special?
I believe that red,green and blue lasers were around for a long time, why is this such an invention?
He says lasers are faster than LEDs, yet are lasers not LEDs at their core? They are referred to as laser diodes, after all. How are they faster?
Top 100 of the year eh?
The LiFi thing they were talking about seems interesting.

What I understood from it is that they want to use these white lasers to generate light, capable of switching off and on at very high frequencies = transmit binary, scatter it, and let devices pick it up to retrieve data.
But didn't supercontinuum generation give us that years back?
Wait. Are we taking popular science seriously now?
#blacklasersmatter

/r/technology highlighting something other than the evils of Comcast or the government? Never thought I'd see the day..
How long until everyone who'll be bitching about it being a 'White' laser realizes it was invented by Asian engineers? 8-)
Let me guess, the white laser works but the black one doesn't.
How do I invest in this tech so I can make my millions?
I do not get how it is considered an advantage that a laser is a thousand times faster. to reproduce a 4K image there are 8 million slow pixels with current technologies, and only with OLED is the LED speed relevant, and the laser will have to be 8 million times faster to match it.


The two advantages I do see however, is that it could produce insane density and/or intensity without the gaps of traditional RGB displays.
It's a mini sun!
TIL nanophotonics is a word.
Can this be weaponized? I'm... uh... asking for a ~~anonymous nation-state~~ friend.
I love how when asked about it he basically said "that's a pretty good magazine... I guess. Great."
How will it revolutionize communication?
Does this mean we get light sabres now?
My vision of photonic computing has arrived!
That's racist. ^^^/s
Meh.. Im colorblind anyway..
Bit pointless, lasers don't work when minovsky particles are present.  



How long until this becomes a consumer product?
White Light
I don't care about wired communications what we need is ultra-low-power low-cost virtual retinal displays so we can smartphone on the go without the battery penalty from the backlight.

You know, like we have earphones for putting the sound in the ear, why don't we have iphones? Dammit.
Misleading. It's just 3 lasers aligned with a lens.
So, on the use of stage projection and effect for live shows, is that mean we can have more choices of color, like 16bit or 32bit color range of laser instead of just a few?
Serious quesion. How can one invest in something like that 
Does this mean we could have smart phones that could project holograms soon?
I was under the educated impression that the communication infrastructure and, mainly, the optical fibers are only working in a very restrictive wavelength range around 1530 nm, hence in near infrared. Is there a workable solution for the transport of "white" laser light? 
I hope this doesn't mean we all need to buy white-ray players next year...
#blacklasersmatter
Damnit I just bought a Blu-Ray player. Now it'll be obsolete in 2 years when the format wars happen again. 
White lasers have been around forever. Heck, people were making white-light holograms back in the nineties by blending red, blue, and green laser beams. I guess the breakthrough is having all three lasers in one diode package? Hardly seems like a 'breakthrough'.  
  
Edit: Oh. Top 100 breakthroughs, *this year*. Ok.


The greatest thing to ever happen to cats.
I saw what appeared to be white lasers at a Muse concert a couple years ago, and as far as I could tell (using the chromatic aberration of my glasses) those were also just RGB beams combined into the same emitter. How does this qualify as "World's first white laser"? it seems to be doing the same thing, but earlier in the pipeline. Cheaper I'm sure, but not first.
They'd make terrible lighting because it's as narrow-spectrum as possible. It'd be like the sickly look of old fluorescents. 
‪#‎BlackLasersMatter‬
Black Lasers matter, too. 
Top 100 of the Year? That doesn't sound very special. I'm pretty sure my newly found method of using conditioner as masturbating lube is a top *ONE HUNDRED* breakthrough *OF THE YEAR* ...
of course they honor the *white* laser
Personally I blame the terrorists that killed a bunch of people.
No no no no no... 100% security is an impossible goal and the public must realize it.

This one got through. 
They were neither.  Any student of the Cold War knows that the U.S. and Soviet Union were riddled with deep cover agents who never made contact with their handlers until they received one specific instruction.
The thing that I find funny is the part where people just assume that criminals will magically stop using encryption because it's illegal.

We are talking about a group of savages who will go to the extremes to kill.  Pretty sure that even if they were using encryption, they're not going to stop because of a law.

Know who will stop, though? The innocent folk.  And it will be them that get completely fucked because of it.
it wasn't an encryption problem because they didn't use any fucking encryption.
Sooo the italics don't really back this guy's point up.

You'd need seriously hardcore analytical hardware (warehouses of computers) and extremely diligent hotel staff/systems to search all businesses &amp; hotels in France for terrorists on a rolling basis (hell, even on a weekly basis) that can crossreference to this list. Then, you'd have to find a way to surveil them. 

It's not like France has a cloud barrier that instantly sends all texts to a bunker of people reading them for context. And you can use burners, so people have no idea who is sending the text. And if you write in short hand, or just use common phrases like, "we're ready, let's go," then of course you wont connect that to a terrorist attack. This is human code - which the author clearly doesn't comprehend.

Do you know what a repeat criminal is? 

This just seems like a band-wagon criticism of the people presiding over a tragedy. What, was 9/11 similarly a failure? No, culture was different. Systems were different. Money had to be pumped in to make up for holes in security. 

Finally, you better bet your sweet ass that EVERYTHING you read in the media is sensationalized for clicks and NOT COMPLETE.

Security agencies do NOT share everything about open issues, like this - obviously. Just because some guy who wrote words online says person x is innocent, doesn't mean that the security agency has nothing on him. They just don't release it. The media is annoying and spins everything in poor taste; log on to CNN at any point of any day and 90% of the linked headlines are horribly depressing.
[Oh, I believe a certain intelligence community was fully aware there was going to be an attack, they even bragged about it in their own media.](https://web.archive.org/web/20151114222324/http://www.timesofisrael.com/in-france-defense-experts-see-parallels-to-israel/)  Then scrubbed it later, of course.
It certainly isn't an issue of a lack of information. It can be argued that the problem is actually quite the opposite. Agencies such as the FBI and NSA are absolutely overwhelmed with information and possible leads on a daily basis. The real challenge is connecting all the dots and differentiating between the legitimate leads and false positives. Then it's a question of whether or not there is even enough manpower to pursue all the legitimate threats. 

The failure of the intelligence community is not due to a lack of information. It's due to a fundamental flaw in strategy. 

Look, the bottom line is, you're never going to stop this unless you make the hard choices, and kill everyone.

And by everyone I mean *everyone* on the planet.

Except me and a few young ladies I have carefully selected. (I have a list around here somewhere. gimmie' a minute.)
 Im from Belgium and I'm furious with the Belgian intelligence agency (and justice in general).

In our capital Brussels there are 6 police zones and 19 subcities (while new york for example has 1 police zone) making it very difficult to work across zones.

They had numerous indications that those guys were radicalising and plotting something (they suspected Abdeslam on 3 previous terrorist acts) and he still wasnt signaled on Interpol

Abdeslam befriended one of the others in jail couple of years ago and they knew this. He still wasn't signaled on interpol.

He was stopped crossing the border with austria couple of months ago and still wasnt signaled at Interpol.

He was even stopped in a car RIGHT AFTER THE PARIS ATTACKS at the border with Belgium but because he wasnt signaled, they let him go...

So many mistakes, so many failures which led to this.

They need to step up their intelligence game BIG TIME.

BTW, a radicalising 15 year old was released for third time by a judge just a week ago (after the attacks)... He didn't "pose a threat")

http://m.hln.be/hln/m/nl/32616/Terreurdreiging-in-Belgie/article/detail/2530206/2015/11/19/Parket-kwaad-15-jarige-geradicaliseerde-opnieuw-vrijgelaten-door-jeugdrechter.dhtml
Yea,  but those plots the FBI foiled were ones that they setup in the first place... 
I'm pretty sure it was no ones fault except the killers themselves.
Mass surveillance and the attacks against encryption clearly do not work to prevent terrorism.  Why give up our rights for something that doesn't work?  The government knows this too.  They want mass surveillance to build a massive database of blackmail material on everyone.  Preventing terrorism is just a pretext.
Just throwing this out there.

I know someone who works in network security, whose good enough to warrant a high paying position and he would be working for the government right now if the pay wasn't so bad. And it sounds like a common thing that the government can't hire people of the caliber they need to do intelligence work because they're all making double what the government offers in the corporate world. And this is the US, it could very well be the same situation in France.
Well this goes two ways ethier one blame the intelligence community for not takeing these guys down, which they could not due since the people in question still technically hadnt done anything illegal. This is then going to end with them getting more power to go hunting and potentially arest innocent people under the wide grey area that will become terrorism. Which will then end in riots on the goverment  has to much power and infinges human rights or somthing somthing racism. Tada nothing changes and 5 yrs down the line we still get bombed because we didnt go after the fuckers who pulled the triggers rather than the people who arent able to see the future. Remember people we do not live in the world of minority report. 
Absolutely, and this goes for the whole refugee scare as well, these guys were EU citizens using unencrypted communications. They couldn't possibly be any more on the grid than they were and the intelligence communities failed HARD.
Consistently, every act which should have been stopped by mass surveillance programs, the very reason the these programs supposedly exist, epically fail to stop anything. The only things these programs seem capable of achieving is international and industrial espionage and human rights violations. And that's ignoring the obvious tyranny implications.

Best I can tell, only the most corrupt of the corrupt actually supports these mass surveillance programs.

The Paris attacks were a community failure, not an intelligence community failure. The best way to prevent attack is not to monitor everyone, but to make a society that no one wants to attack.
With how simple the communication was, I'm surprised no one is saying the spy agencies let our happen.
I think the writer is watching too much of Homeland.
I read claims there was a "massive cyber attack on French systems 48 hours prior to and during the Paris attacks"

http://www.globalresearch.ca/french-security-left-blind-during-november-13-paris-terror-attacks/5489213

If it is true, would seem to be another cause for lack of threat detection..
Interestingly enough republican leaders have been discussing eroding the 1st amendment in the wake of this tragedy, just like they did with the 4th post 911. Attacks will always get through as the top post in this thread states. If you want to put it in to perspective read up on how many Americans kill Americans in a day, week, year, whatever suits your fancy. The terrorist lose when they commit a mass murder against civilians. They effectively did nothing but scare us. They win when we willfully sign away our inalienable rights and they win when the intolerant of this nation pop off at the mouth with headlines for anti-American propaganda. To me, that is the ultimate intelligence failure.
It's not necessarily a failure on anyone's part. It was a clearly well planned attack that unfortunately wasn't discovered.  
The leader of the attacks wasn't even supposed to be in France/Belgium and was on watch lists. He shouldn't have been able to move freely like he did. That's an offline lapse in security.
I lack knowledge in thus field. But can't people just write their own encryption? So wouldn't that make the "back doors" usless? 
I said this and was downvoted to hell. Techdirt, some site I never even heard of says it, gets posted, and 4500 up votes. Great. There were numerous people on this list that should have raised an eyebrow and even one that was already highlighted as of interest for terrorism yet nobody thought listening to them was all that important. This is how you allow these things to happen. And an example of how to do everything wrong. 
Terrorist attacks are never failures for the intelligence agencies who directly benefit from them.
They're passing the buck.
Absolute security - particularly in a democracy - is an impossible goal from both practical and ethical standpoints. Yet leaders of so-called democratic nations continue to betray the public and the rule of law in pursuit of whatever security snake oil the intelligence community peddles. 
They drop the ball, privacy takes the fall. 
The Paris attacks were caused by a failure to see that bombing the middle east doesn't better the situation for anyone, except for those imperialists whose only interest is middle eastern oil.
Put it on the same list as 9/11 and 7/7.
Isn't it always though? Has anyone ever actually fingered an encryption protocol for failure to stop a terrrist incident?

Directly - as in, we had the message - but we didn't have time to break the AES-256?
I may be missing something but it seems to me the belief that technology can prevent suicidal people from killing civilized people who don't expect their neighbors to be monsters is crazy.

What ISIS will manage to do is destroy the lives of dark-skinned people who live as minorities in other nations. It doesn't matter if you are Indian/Sikh/Hindu/Hispanic: angry racists are experts at not using reasoning.

I pity the kinder gardener (or of course older kids, too) who has zero idea why he is being teased/bullied by classmates whose parents don't know enough to shut up with their hatred in front of their kids.
Lets not forget 9/11.  Many warnings days prior..ain't sh!t got done.  And they blame it on not enough spying
It's the typical catch 22 in the intelligence community. Everyone is hating on their government for being too nosy and crying about privacy (like any intel guy really cares about you - let's be real). 

So now intelligence agencies are under fire and scaling back where they can actually look for bad. 

So ... Bad things happens and the Intel community takes the heat. 

I'm dead against creating holes in encryption, but we need to give our hard working Intel folks that are trying to do a lot with very little a bit of a break. Help them help you. 

Now comes the barrage of down votes. 
The incessant drone of the law enforcement community "Give us access to all your data and we can protect you" is belied by this article - THE TERRORISTS MESSAGES WERE IN THE CLEAR YOU MORONS!!! When will our leaders learn that eroding the rights and removing privacy of normal folks is never going to prevent terrorism? When???

Tell those lazy fuckers with the three-letter acronyms to get to work and DO THEIR JOBS!
People cry inteligence failure when something happens and when nothing happens they cry governments are spying on is violating our rights.   Which way do we want it people?   
You know,  if the intelligence community was just a bit more transparent we might know how to judge the job they are doing.  Do they stop hundreds of these attacks a year and we just don't know it?  Or are these attacks very rare and difficult to stop? 

I'm not saying I need details on every intelligence operation,  I know there reasons not to publicize everything you know about your enemy.   But if they reported this shit back to someone who then compiled some stats we would at least know something.
It's always an intelligence failure. They always turn around and say they need more people, more money, more TOOLS.

If it were up to the intelligence communities we'd have a fucking camera in every room of every home and one up our assholes for good measure.
pretty sure this is NOT an intelligence community failure or an encryption problem, or gun control or mental health or immigration or any of those other things folks like to blame...it's a reality problem. in reality some people are assholes. these assholes can hide in plain sight until such time as they do their asshole deeds. you can't stop all assholes from shitting all over things, you just deal with them as they come, take care of the asshole and move on. bury your dead, grieve for your loss, comfort those suffering, then get up dust yourselves off, and get on with your lives.
You bitch and complain to restrict intelligence collection capabilities, and when shit hits the fan it's 'HOW THE FUCK DID YOU NOT CATCH THOSE GUYS?!'
We do not need to surrender our privacy to fight terrorism. In fact, privacy is essential to our liberty. Encryption is not even enough. Better to say off the web. Send email p2p by using your smartphone as a mail server. ShazzleMail is a free app you can download in 2 minutes that can do this. If you use it, we are all a little more private.
No it was because that islam is a hotbed for terrorism.

Arguing that you failed to protect yourself is somehow your own fault is rather stupid.

If we take a person who is 1500 years old, all his life he has been a major fan of violence often being the leading cause of violence in the whole world even during the dark ages and in most cases being the instigator of violence. and you let this person come into your country are you surprised he is going to continue on with his violence, is it now your fault that he is continuing on with his violence? no its not your fault its his fucking fault, and islam is that fucking person, how hard is this to understand?
Shit happens. It's not how you fall, but how you get up that matters, and the French police came up trumps as far as I'm concerned.  That fukkin shield with bullets stuck on it, that fukkin dog...both making me tear up at random points in daily ongoings of life. Goddamn Diesel cutting those damn onions in heaven!

If you want to know what a true fuck up looks like, just read up on the Mumbai siege with Terrorists holed up in Taj hotel that lasted for so much longer than this. Same modus operandi but with Indian police who were throwing stones and wooden rods at shooters at one point in the night. Ha!
No, it's a policy failure. These people were known bad guys and instead of putting them out or killing them they let them in. Hell, the U.K.*won't let them leave*.


If you allow people that hate you and everything about you into your society you can't cry when the inevitable happens.
It's as if Snowden was pulling the trigger himself. And Bush is not at all responsible for ISIS coming in to being after he ditched Saddam for all those WMD's that we still haven't found. /s
Interesting point. We're (just the U.S. alone) spending billions of dollars a year to collect data to fight terrorism and yet... it continues on like clockwork.

I wonder where all that money is going and what it's actually doing.
There are so many means of communication it's a joke to be honest, but yeah let's take this opportunity to snoop on our law-abiding citizens ...
You can only achieve security if you stop invading and fucking up  the Middle East.

Anything else will only lead to less freedom, more surveillance and more death on both sides.

The West is the main agressor, but no one gets that.
No one failed, sometimes in life fuckwits find a way through 
I'm starting to get the idea that if there are no attacks, you tech libertarian people will blame the intel people for violating your liberties, and if there are attacks, you'll blame the intel people for failing to stop the attacks. Soooooo, basically you'll be complaining.

I am not an intel person, they get paid more than me.
It's almost like watching everyone all the time is a bad way to catch the bad guys. 
The terrorist attacks were a cost of living in the free world. We have freedoms and liberties and sometimes those freedoms cost lives. We have to be willing to accept these losses, with a heavy heart, and move on knowing that they died so we could continue to have a free society without authoritarian rule and persecution.
Perhaps if some of the billions of $$ being wasted on F-35's or efforts to break strong encryption were instead used to provide the additional manpower necessary to actually keep tabs on the whereabouts and activities of KNOWN threats, then the police might have stopped this before it happened.
They know that, but they can't make money selling trade secrets to fund unauthorized ops if companies are secure.  Therefore, they have to blame encryption and security software.
Whats to say? 
The US sure trained those terrorists groups well,  I bet they even got a discount
I keep hearing this dumb argument.

It's like saying seatbelts don't work because people still die while wearing them. Nobody said surveillance was going to get 100% of terrorist conspiracies. That would be stupid.

And the reason these guys still managed to do what they did isn't an intelligence community failure. It's a failure of political correctness. There are thousands of radicals and the actual solution, to put them in camps and to close borders to them (or just plain killing them), is not acceptable yet. Camps are bad. So we'll just let thousands of people die because we wouldn't want to be mean to people who hate us to death.

I'm afraid a lot more people will have to die before society finally faces the reality that something a bit shitty has to be done to stop this very shitty thing from happening again. If that even happens. More likely, we'll end up like Israel, enduring decades upon decades of this bullshit just so we don't offend some useless hippies.

The systems aren't wrong. Proof is the systems knew about these asshats. Authorities refusing to do what needs to be done and being delusional about what needs to be done is what killed these people.




turns out they didnt need more information, they needed more people to work that info...
aussie media still not reporting this. look at this crap... http://www.news.com.au/technology/cia-blames-national-security-agency-whistleblower-edward-snowden-for-paris-attacks/news-story/9c0be6ad1de03e67214b486126c0a6d7

I absolutely agree
They were an integration policy failure, actually.
Yeah, write more often that it was not encrypted communication, to give them more reason to track all non-encrypted communicated....
I was thinking about this last night. I'm personally of the feeling that modern encryption hasn't been cracked yet, but while these groups have some smart folks with them, I'm guessing they're probably very skeptical of "western" technologies and perhaps work in code or face to face. And assuming the encryption can't be cracked, it can still be detected and traced to sources. Just my semi ignorant thought on it. Would love to hear other opinions.
This remind me of a story when everyone needs to submit a pair of dirty underpants to the government, so they can call the hounds at a moment's notice. Anyone remember where this is from? 
You can't watch everyone all the time, there will be failures, unfortunately.
How about we stop playing the blame game, and figure this shit out.
Every time there is an attack it's an intelligence failure. Seems obvious. 
The US thought the same thing about 9/11. We see how that turned out for us. I hope they don't go down the same path.
That's the nature of politics. Political consensus occurs in moments of crisis. Horse trading. NSA gets what they want, in exchange for compromises elsewhere.
Simce when has this intellgency bullshit actually worked?
[deleted]
It was definitely encryption ... according to NPR this morning.
Yes. Israel doesn't block no sites and no communication apps, but still caught and foiled dozens of suicide bombers and terrorists trying to commit terror acts before they are done. Shabac and Mossad have tentacles everywhere, especially in organziations that mastermind attacks. That's what France should do as well.
Yeah the attacks were staged.
Day prior there were announcments about live drills.
Media spinned it up so laws can be passed, so bombing and killing thousands woman and children can contiune.

For people who can think logically for themselves answer this in your heads: "Why would supposed ISIS attack the only country that wasn't bombing them? "

Now go read what was Operation Northwoods back in the day.
Or wiki "false flag" operation.
[deleted]
Don't forget sophistication. The "masterminds" behind the attacks used "very sophisticated techniques" in order to coordinate their attack.

No doughnut muncher could have known. Not without access to all encrypted communications.
Relevant comment from r/Android:

https://www.reddit.com/r/Android/comments/3tthv0/google_can_reset_the_passcodes_when_served_with_a/cx91grs

TL;DR With Android 5.0 Lollipop and above as long as you have encryption enabled, this is no longer possible.
But not your encryption keys. So encrypt.
If it's just resetting the passcode for access, that's ok. It seems this  does not apply to encryption though:

&gt;For Android devices running operating systems Lollipop 5.0 and above, however, Google plans to
use default full-disk encryption, like that being used by Apple, that will make it impossible for Google
to comply with search warrants and orders instructing them to assist with device data extraction. 

which is good. You still have a way to keep your stuff private.
I mean, if it's gone far enough that they have both a legitimate search warrant and a legitimate court order, then that's not really warrantless surveillance.
This is not surprising at all. Without full disk encryption, you can do it on android, Linux, Mac, and Windows operating systems. I even did this yesterday when I forgot my password on my Linux machine,which is almost identical to android.

Encrypt your devices! It's not only the government who can do so, it can be people who want to steal your information. 
Also it's good to note that depending on the case and warrants involved you are notified. 

[Google Transparency](https://www.google.com/transparencyreport/userdatarequests/legalprocess/#what_does_google_do)

&gt;If you receive a legal request concerning my account, will you tell me about it?

&gt;If Google receives ECPA legal process for a user's account, it's our policy to notify the user via email before any information is disclosed. (If the account is an Enterprise Apps hosted end user account, notice may go to the domain administrator, or the end user, or both.) This gives the user an opportunity to file an objection with a court or the requesting party. If the request appears to be legally valid, we will endeavor to make a copy of the requested information before we notify the user.
&gt;There are a few exceptions to this policy:

&gt;A statute, court order or other legal limitation may prohibit Google from telling the user about the request;
We might not give notice in exceptional circumstances involving danger of death or serious physical injury to any person;
We might not give notice when we have reason to believe that the notice wouldn’t go to the actual account holder, for instance, if an account has been hijacked.
We review each request we receive before responding to make sure it satisfies applicable legal requirements and Google's policies. In certain cases we'll push back regardless of whether the user decides to challenge it legally.


Literally the paragraph underneath:

&gt;For Android devices running operating systems Lollipop 5.0 and above, however, Google plans to use default full-disk encryption, like that being used by Apple, that will make it impossible for Google to comply with search warrants and orders instructing them to assist with device data extraction.
Just an FYI if a system like this exists, in the USA you have to comply with the warrants. If the system did not exist, or if it were not possible, government agencies cannot compel a company, like Google, to build it to aid the government. 

Source: worked on systems that had to comply with warrants. 
Why is google getting a warrant for MY device.

The warrant should be served to me.
I have issues with this passage:

&gt; Previous Apple and Google operating systems allowed law enforcement to access data on
devices pursuant to search warrants. There is no evidence of which we are aware that any
security breaches have occurred relating to those operating systems. **Apple and Google
have never explained why the prior systems lacked security or were vulnerable to hackers,
and thus, needed to be changed.** Those systems appeared to very well balance privacy and
security while still being accessible to law enforcement through a search warrant. 

The public availability of [devices](http://www.cellebrite.com/Pages/ios-forensics-physical-extraction-decoding-and-analysis-from-ios-devices) like [this one](http://www.amazon.com/Cellebrite-Touch-Mobile-Phonebook-Transfer/dp/B00979EBDM), with older (but still functional) devices available on ebay cheaper, is the only "evidence" that the previous operating systems were inherently flawed and required changes to be made more secure.  The fact that without encryption the barrier to entry for any schmuck off the street to know everything my phone knows about me is monetary disturbs me greatly.

I am not ok with my mobile phone being used as part of exploratory evidence collection against me.  The 4th amendment guaranteed that my forebears were secure in their "papers" and persons, which in this modern era means that if I'm carrying it around with me, you need a real good reason to take a look at it.  Especially when it contains a copy of all of my recent communications, where I have been, and who I have been talking to.
Section VII "Questions For Apple And Google" is laughably naïve.
&gt;Question 1: In iOS 7 and prior operating systems, and in Android systems prior to Lollipop 5.0, if an attacker learned Apple’s or Google’s decryption process, could he use it to remotely attack devices or would he need possession of the device?
 
I guess they've never heard of "[jailbreaking](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IOS_jailbreaking)"
 
&gt;Question 5: [edit] Apple’s responses to iCloud search warrants for devices running iOS 8, thus far, Apple has provided either no iMessage, SMS message, and MMS message content or has provided encrypted, unreadable message content. [edit] Why isn’t Apple providing decrypted iMessage, SMS message, and MMS message content from iCloud in response to search warrants?
"The stupid is strong in this one." Perhaps because the data is no longer there on the servers? 
 
There's a fundamental failure to understand how cloud services work. A single user identity (i.e. one iCloud username) may be used by various distinct cloud services (e.g. iCloud, iTunes, Siri, and iMessage).  Those services may be very isolated from one another; with completely separate authorization mechanisms, distinct data handling and persistence requirements. Different types of data require different handling (contacts and calendar data is very different from photos which are different from messages.) It is ludicrous to expect that Apple or Google would be interested in preserving trillions of messages for users on their servers, at great cost to efficiency, in perpetuity. In order to be functional at scale (billions of users) these systems generally strive to push as much computational and storage effort to the edge devices as possible.
...Unless I encrypt it.
If anybody bothered to read the article, it VERY specifically says that this only applies to CERTAIN Android devices (aka old versions like Froyo and Gingerbread, possibly KK and JB), and that anything running Lollipop with full disk encryption is not susceptible.

If the feds have a search warrant to get into your device, they likely already have at least a decent case against you, and you probably aren't getting off anyway.  Anything done via standard SMS can be given up by the carriers as can call logs.  Basically the only reason this would be a problem is if you are dealing drugs and logging transactions into your device memory.

Older version of iOS are in the same situation, nothing to see here folks.

OP is the one who is misleading, entire post is basically a shill for Apple based on bad information hoping that we won't read the whole thing.
I believe the DA has confused what Google has in the "cloud" with a physical device.

Yes, I would expect Google to "reset" anything on their servers. 

Google has seamless integration with your phone and the internets....so, yeah, it is hard to tell or define what is on your phone compared to what is on the The Google. 
They have a warrant? Eh, I'm cool with that.
If the government, local, state and Federal never abused their powers, I might support this.  But truth is the biggest threat to your security and safety is your own government.  
&gt; Apple’s and Google’s new device encryption schemes do nothing to protect users from
large-scale institutional data breaches or spyware.

This isn't what encryption is used to protect against anyway........
There is so much else to be legitimately concerned about in this article, not just the poorly chosen headline.
Most of the "revelations" in the last few years are only scary if you haven't kept up with the advances in computing technologies. Since the 90s, it was pretty clear encryption keys are the only way to keep your data truly secure.

EDIT: more recently only if you use an encryption scheme that doesn't support blocks.
To fascists, ignoring the Constitution in regards to being secure in our persons and things, this seems perfectly reasonable.

Right now, I'm not really worried about terrorism. The solution to it is the same as for the solution to drug addiction; make life suck less for people at the bottom.

But what panacea are we supposed to get when you don't really own what you own and have no privacy? If they know everything everybody does and there are so many laws, then enforcement becomes selective.
Frankly, if the cops actually have a warrant for an individual device, I see no problem with companies doing what they can to help them crack devices. Because hey, often times the bad guys own phones and use them while they do bad things. It's the large-scale or warrantless searches and data dumps that bother me. 

That being said, it's a tricky situation, since anything the company does to crack a device can likely be used by thieves and hackers as well.
A company that makes 90% of their money selling ads and personal information gives information to the government? No.
does the encryption kill your phone performance? I'm about to get the Nexus 6P and I'm curious about it (I'll probably encrypt it regardless.)

I would assume as much. If you have a system that allows the user to remotely reset their device password then it's not unreasonable to assume it can be done if a warrant is brought in. 

However that's not a big deal anyway because there's easier ways to get into an android phone via brute force if given enough the legal go ahead.
Wouldn't this effectively make free/open source encryption software illegal in the United States?

The policy document makes no mention of this but instead presumes that a for-profit corporation maintains ultimate control over all computing devices.
When ordered by the court, they don't really have an option, they're not going to sit there and soak up fines and penalties to keep some human tafficking kingpins email safe.
Really clueless isn't he, perhaps he should have actually read the constitution. We are not required to provide any evidence to the prosecution, to enable them to convict. In fact, just the opposite. You want to see my cellphone or my computer, get a warrant, other than that encryption is the only way to prevent a rampant police state, from using your computer on a fishing expedition to find evidence of a crime they can then charge you with. With any decent encryption program, at least you have a modicum of privacy, on the best ones, if they attempt to brute force it, the device permanently locks and the data is wiped. You can not be forced to testify against yourself, and this backdoor stuff, is nothing more than an attempt to get around the constitution. 
Fuck you, Cyrus Vance - as well as the entire Manhattan District Attorney's Office - for proposing such grossly outlandish anti-American law.  The FSB, KGB, and Stasi would be proud to call you 'Comrades.'

I sincerely hope all of you bastards involved with this abortion of a legal opinion are impeached and prosecuted for violating your Oath Of Office, as well as for your treasonous abuse of power, and are shot dead in front of the Manhattan District Courthouse by a citizen's duly elected firing squad immediately upon your conviction in a drumhead trial - which is far more compassionate than what you deserve, IMHO.

/rant

Wait, what am I missing here? Google can only reset the google pass codes, right? For instance if I'm not 'logged in' to my google account, then it has no effect? 
Wouldn't this ruin the idea of "forensic"  just hook the device to the network and we will fix it for you...
Has anyone encrypted their note 4? And if so what if any performance reduction did you see? 
This isn't really a new technological development though is it? I mean, the host of any online account has the capability of resetting the pass codes. That's what happens anytime you ask to have a password reset because you forgot it. This is really only describing a new use for a capacity that virtually every service, not just Google, already has.
NOT COOL, GOOGLE!
Anyone know if they can do this with custom roms as well? Is there any way to make sure they don't have the ability to do this on my phone? 

Can apple do the same thing?
For anyone surprised, I know it was cozy under your rock, but welcome to the world.
"I am the law" -- Google
It's great that they say they will only do it with a warrant. But now that the existence of this is out there someone will try to hack it. Meanwhile the actual criminals know not to use anything Google, just like they would stop using Apple stuff if Tim Cook did the same move
As long as there was a search warrant I actually don't see anything wrong with this.
&gt; The federal legislation would provide in substance that any smartphone manufactured, leased, or sold 
in the U.S. must be able to be unlocked, or its data accessed, by the operating system designer.

Wouldn't that mean that the government, with a valid court order, could access the contents of my smartphone? 

Because, of so, that idea is a non-starter. The point of encryption is that nobody accesses anything of mine. Ever.
MY PRIVACY ARGH
They at least have to get a warrant first (says the headline) so the problem I usually have with this sort of thing isn't present. So then its just a matter of us non criminals being aware that our device could be accessed. Worried? Then don't store data there.

 ^^I ^^appear ^^to ^^have ^^already ^^offended ^^somebody. ^^Will ^^this ^^be ^^downvoted ^^to ^^negative ^^numbers ^^by ^^people ^^who ^^can't ^^tell ^^the ^^diff ^^between ^^an ^^unreasonable ^^warrantless ^^search ^^and ^^a ^^normal ^^investigation, ^^and ^^think ^^law ^^enforcement ^^should ^^do ^^its ^^investigation ^^via ^^magic ^^8 ^^ball ^^instead? ^^Or ^^perhaps ^^it ^^was ^^a ^^google ^^defender ^^or ^^an ^^IOS ^^kisser, ^^misinterpreting ^^my ^^remark ^^about ^^not ^^storing ^^data ^^where ^^you ^^don't ^^trust ^^it? ^^Either ^^way, ^^bite ^^me.
[Shoulda bought an iPhone.](http://www.forbes.com/sites/stevemorgan/2015/11/21/apples-ceo-on-encryption-you-cant-have-a-back-door-thats-only-for-the-good-guys/) 
What about 2fa.
Another pass for google because they are google. 
And? Don't do illegal shit, yo. 
well then better stay clear of the law shoudnt you? :-p. 
So errrrr.... iOS Master Race
[mirror](https://shayden.co/resources/misc/11.18.15%20Report%20on%20Smartphone%20Encryption%20and%20Public%20Safety.pdf) 
remember that the government wants us to give up encryption. Doesn't meant hat they would give their keys to us.

The more the government demands from us, the less we should give it.
If the NSA wants our info so much they should give us "free" services like good does.
So everyone here realizes that Lollipop only has like a 20 percent adoption rate right? Not much of a concession to say "oh but Lollipop can do it!"
In other words, Android devices are not securable.  Thanks, but I already knew that.
Reason #23253 why you should be using an iPhone.
don't be evil... nuff said

Before you encrypt your Android phone just know that it will slow it down up to 80%. Even the new Nexus phones take a 30% performance hit. Android uses a really slow full-disk encryption method. http://betanews.com/2014/11/21/android-5-0-lollipop-encryption-severely-impacts-performance/
Apple will not do this. Everyone stop buying spy devices!
is there some way this can help us get pussy pics?
so if all else fails burn after reading :-p.
2 words. airplane mode.
Point your ire at the source ---islamofascism 
tl;dr: We believe security by obscurity is a good strategy that will never be abused by the government or criminals.
[deleted]
Meanwhile, at Apple:

"It's impossible for us to see any of our users' data without their password."

But as /u/Pamm said, turn on your encryption and Google can't control your stuff.

https://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/3ttna9/google_can_reset_the_passcodes_when_served_with_a/cx93rgz
It would be better if they actually improved plans and reduced fees instead.
Not during football they haven't.  The amount of commercials they put in a football game is getting over the top.
Old guy here. I remember when they first started promoting cable TV. One of the big questions was, "Why would I want to pay for TV when I get it for free?" Their answer was, "You already pay for TV because ads influence your buying decisions. We don't have ads."
Time Warner can suck it. Yes the commercials are one annoyance but there are plenty of worse ones. Advertise an $89.99/month plan and when the bill comes it's $115 after all the bullshit taxes and fees? Plus try to jack my rate up after two years as a loyal paying customer? No thanks. We hardly watch the stupid crap that's on tv these days anyways. The only reason to have cable is live sports...and thanks to the greedy networks a shit ton of the games aren't even on regular tv anyways.  Plus you know, live streaming and stuff. 

We still have to pay Time Warner for internet because there's no cheaper option - as soon as Google Fiber comes online we're switching.


I haven't noticed.
We want one thing, fast internet at a fair price.  They continue to do anything but.

I don't think having fewer ads will be that helpful. It's not the length of the ads or even the ads itself, it's the convenience of picking any show (within reason) with no ads at all. Hulu has even begun allowing a no ad option which I think will greatly raise their demographic
It's not just the ads, the programming is absolute dog shit.   I'd rather set my money on fire than spend it on cable TV.  
Ugh hurry up and die.  Big business has completely ruined tv and Radio,  two really powerful technologies.  Imagine what those things would look like if you could choose who you want to support,  rather than having to pay ridiculous amounts for all those channels nobody cares about.  
Who the fuck wants to watch TruTV?
I get annoyed by youtube mobile ads. Most carriers give you a limited amount of data, so you're paying for it when youtube plays an ad before your video. 
I canceled Dish a few months ago and recently got an email from them saying they would buy me a year of Netflix if I came back to them.
Haha, they're saying that's why they're showing fewer ads? Any bets advertising budgets being shifted from TV to internet are the real cause?
I actually watched cable television for the first time in the last couple of years. My girlfriend likes it but I exclusively get my entertainment from twitch, netflix, amazon video, youtube, etc...

The sheer volume of commercials was just excruciating, to say the least. It's seriously like: 

* Commercial
* Intro to show + Opening credits
* commercial
* small chunk of show
* commercial
* ending chunk of show
* commercial
* end of the show in compressed window with commercial happening in forefront

Fuck cable. 
Good!! It is infuriating that I have to pay over $60 a month for a service that delivers mostly advertising. Most shows are at least 1/3 advertising and over the last several years it has become increasingly more annoying with the overlays and popup adds that show up in almost every show now. To top it off is is usually the same damn commercial every break. I am already paying too much for the access and to be overloaded with adds on top of it makes me sad. 
It is too late

cable companies

You have outstayed

your welcome
"Media companies have argued that this software will destroy companies who rely on ad-based revenue"

Good. If your sole content model is ads, you're not producing anything anybody but yourself needs.

No, really, stop your internal rebuttal right now and realise: "People don't come to your website/watch your TV channel/listen to your radio channel FOR ADVERTS".

People need to understand this *really* basic fact, and if this is your sole business model, get used to some harsh realities.

The web is evolving. Always has done, and that won't change any time soon.

You don't get to "win" by preventing this evolution from happening. You get to participate, same as everyone else.

Your "product" isn't needed by those who end up having to experience it.
Its amazing how every single comment on here is bashing cable. This.... This is a very good sign.
It's no longer Netflix and if the cable companies were solely worried about Netflix then they could simply wait as Netflix changes from a streaming company offering thousands of options to one that only offers a hundred exclusive ones. 

But if you change "Netflix" to "streaming services" then you would have a more accurate title. But all the glee everyone is having, prematurely dancing on the grave of cable, is probably going to taste sour soon.

Be. Careful. Of. What. You. Ask. For. 

At the moment, you can save a lot of money by creating your own bundle to get *MOST* of the channels on cable. Ironically, there's an ad for Sling right next to the comment box I'm writing within. I can do it with just four services and having to buy season passes for only about 4 shows. 

But Netflix has started a "content gold rush" and everyone's smug comments about "ha ha, cable is dead" is going to turn to ash in their mouths should this content get spread around to too many exclusive providers. $10 a month is nothing when it's just one company, but what we are hurtling towards is a future where it will take 10 streaming services to get what is currently on about 5. Which ironically doesn't include either Netflix nor Amazon because neither truly offers the latest episodes outside of their own exclusives. 
There is nothing on TruTv that I care about watching, ads or no ads. Let me know when they stop showing commercials during football or shows like The Walking Dead and Big Bang Theory
This is not true. 

1) Networks and not cable companies sell the ads

2) most 30 minute TV shows in the US are 22 minutes of programming. Through my xfinity online some shows have their commercials cut. CBS sitcoms have been 18 minutes this season. They're putting more ads in, not less. 
I plan to enjoy the slow and painful demise of cable companies, while ensuring that I never pay for any service they buy in order to try and remain relevant (this means no Hulu which is owned by Comcast).

One thing that might save them is to take a huge loss for the near future, making a lot premium channels free, reduce commercials, and make cable such a good value that piracy and other methods of viewing content become less attractive.  If they did this for a year without making much profit at all then even people like myself who are pirates for life might get out of the habit of piracy.  If I didn't pirate content for a year it might not be that easy to get back into it, which would be a win for cable companies and others.  

Sadly the need to produce profit will trump any ability to do something amazing and unprecedented like this, which is fine since I really want to see them all go under before I die.
It's too late to save yourselves! You're falling from the top of a tree trying to grab branches on the way, but your hands are broken and no one wants to save you.
Lies. All my shows have an absurd amount of commercials. 

This is why I watch online with Adblock now. 
By this logic I'm guessing Hulu isn't afraid of Netflix at all.

I have Hulu's most expensive plan. And they are still showing me commercials for certain network shows.

To cap it off, the commercials are for the Hulu no-commercial plan. W.T.F.
Cause all the hippest teens I know LOVE truTv, cnn, and tnt. 
lol, I'm never going back to cable.  I have Tablo and I have my plex server rip videos from my Tablo and strip out the commercials, so I literally see zero ads even when watching shows from local channels. 
I know this won't be a popular comment, but I'd pay more for Netflix if I had to.  It's insane what I'm getting for more money.   A few years ago, I would not be saying this, but now there is just so much original content, it's worth it for that alone.

Shout out to Master of None, new show starring Aziz Ansari that is freaking awesome, it has Eric Wareheim too, who is great to see not doing something absurd, because he's really funny in traditional comedy too.
I only have cable for soccer. If nbc sports ever decides to participate in sling tv, I'll cancel cable in a heartbeat. There is literally nothing on cable I want to watch

it would be interesting if netflix gets to the point where setting up their own ISP costs them less than paying current ISp's extortion fees. hopefully before that happens google fiber can push the current isp's in bankruptcy.
Oh man... Cable companies... 

Are those sorry motherfuckers still around? 
Cable companies should be slightly more than concerned, my generation lives for Netflix. I can't name a single one of my friends that has cable. 

I get basic cable and internet for free in my apartment but I hardly ever watch it. When I first moved into my apartment I didn't have a TV. After a month I bought a TV but in that month I had gotten so used to only seeing content that when I turned on the TV I was appalled. As I flipped through the channels I encountered commercial after commercial. The only channel on cable I watch is the Spanish channel, the other 90% of the time I have an HDMI plugged into my my laptop and reddit while using my TV as the monitor.
Too little, too late I say. DVRs are the only thing keeping it alive atm, and most youth can't afford the rediculous fees charged for them on top of cable cost.  Most youth work the odd hours, so on demand watching is everything. Ads are the least of their concern.
Can confirm.  I've gone three years without having to watch a single ad, minus the SuperBowls.  I get my NFL from their website and pay for it.  Netflix is basically 100 bucks, Prime 100, and NFL 50.  That's 250 per year for my ad free multimedia.  No way in hell there is current competition for that.
Too late to the game, but the cable companies actually have a really easy way to win this "war" as they call it. They can create their own "netflix" in a sense. Online streaming that doesnt require cable. From there they offer the "a la carte" channels that everyone has been begging for, for ages, and then have basic plans that individuals can choose to run through internet or tv. It actually makes the most sense. Then just pull a Hulu, if you do not want advertising, pay for our "premium" service which allows you to turn them off. If you dont mind them then you have to turn off your ad blocker. All in all they just are approaching the market wrong. 

Essentially this works for them in multiple ways: 1) They are able to keep their current business model by selling "tv channels." 2) They are able to monetize their ads and either continue to use those companies who already turn to them thus funds, or have people pay to turn them off, thus funds. 3) They wont loose companies, eg HBO now has its own online service, by providing the ability to go a la carte with online streaming the other channels will be less likely to start their own. 4) The only company that really wouldnt benefit from this is Comcast with their "data usage fairness" as Time Warner would actually be able to argue that any reduced speeds to any streaming service would hurt their services as well (this one kinda sucks for us the audience but still would work for them). 

The fact that they are not doing it simply shows how disconnected their leadership is and how they have no idea what the hell they are doing.
Cable is a silly thing. Everyone I know except my grandparents have gotten rid of cable and satellite in favor of Netflix. Pay less, no ads, it's a fucking no brainer. The tv companies should be terrified. 
Get rid of ads if you're going to charge ridiculous monthly fees. If there are ads we should have free cable TV no? 
We quit subscribing to cable over 2 years ago.  I'll never forget the conversation.  They were so confused when I told them I wasn't switching to another cable provider.  I told them cable television was dead.  I could sense she was having a hard time wanting to type that in to her comments field.
If I am paying for cable TV, then I want ZERO advertising and minimal program promotions.
I cut the cord in 2007. I don't watch netflix much because of limited selection. Can't wait for Netflix to hit critical mass as the premier network platform but I'll still pay the subscription so I can watch documentaries. I feel like a free-range entertainment grazer. I'm not a sports fan so I just get my entertainment from youtube and reddit mostly. I get my entertainment when I want and how I want. Cable companies are going to perish real soon (not soon enough) if they don't drastically change their business model to a pick and choose style. Granted, I'm out of the loop when people at work discuss the ads on TV but I'm smug as fuck when I explain I've not seen any ads since I cut the cable but I use that opportunity to grandstand to sell cable-cutting to other co-workers to try it out. I've converted 2 others so far. They join my chorus now when discussions about ads on TV come up and it's a glorious shift. We're about to convince 2 more co-workers to join the resistance. 
I never watch movies on cable at all anymore, but every now and then when I'm channel surfing I'll see that a movie I like is on, and I'll select that channel just to see where in the movie it is. And every single time I do, the channel is in commercial. Every. Single. Time. It's bizarre. I'll wait a few seconds and then move on. 
Too little too late
“We know one of the benefits of an ecosystem like Netflix is its lack of advertising,” Howard Shimmel, a chief research officer at Time Warner, told Bloomberg. “Consumers are being trained there are places they can go to avoid ads.” Wrong, idiot. Netflix, et al., provide engaging, quality content product, and we are able to watch what we want, when we want it, as many times as we want, with orders of magnitude less subscription costs. Not all about ads. I don't have to subscribe to 100s of vapid, wasteland channels in order just to get a ouple that I like. And what is the deal with History Channel? Ancient Aliens and Pawn Stars? Exit, stage left. You lost me. No longer worth the cost, there is nothing there worth paying for, and even the 'news' has turned into equivalent of supermarket tabloids.
This is just the beginning. I imagine we will see a lot of changes in cable companies over the next few years
Misleading title.  Cable companies have nothing to do with it...if you read the article.  It's the content providers...the broadcasters.  And by the way, Time Warner is not the same company as TWC
False and misleading headline.
It is time for cable companies to offer up channels ala carte.  Give me HBO, Travel, Food, FX, and Comedy central for $25 a month. 
Call me when they get to none. And reduce their prices. And don't tie you to watching at specific times. And...just don't call me, OK?
When I moved out of my parents place 3 years ago I bought Netflix and never even thought about cable because the prices are so insanely high. I do miss being in on the loop for the most recent show or funny commercial people are taking about ... But that extra 100 bucks a month is much more worth it to me. 
Real headline: Cable companies are so afraid of Netflix they've actually started implementing data caps.
AMC must have missed the memo 
To fucking little, too fucking late!
Fuckers, you greedy ass son of a bitches made watching cable TV such a miserable experience that you lost your viewers to Netflix and Hulu. Do you really think we are coming back now? Haha... Not going to happen. Same as increasing internet access speeds because google fiber is coming. Still switching to fiber as soon as it gets here. Doesn't matter what you do now, you burnt that bridge.
Greed.... Will get you every time!
Well you won't see real change until the TV Studios and networks start creating longer shows. The standard content time for a 30 minute TV show is like 21 minutes and 30 seconds, I think. If networks just start cutting ads, it's going to throw off all the programming times. Shows would time out to 27 or 28 minuets instead of 30. So unless they are planning on filling the other 2 or 3 minuets with stations Promos i don't really see how this will work. 
They can reduce the length of commercials all they want, but I'm not coming back unless the cable companies reduce their rates to FAR below the current $100/month they're asking.  And I mean FAR.
Interesting, I thought the channels decided how much ad space they wanted to sell. Sometimes I see fresh prince on BET with a 36 minute run time, while on most other channels it's only 30 minutes. I figured BET was selling the ad space, not the cable companies.
Cut the cord like 3+ years ago. Money saved.
Meanwhile, Hulu has actually made a business model out of showing as many ads as possible.
“Consumers are being trained there are places they can go to avoid ads.”

Like we're god damn animals.
Literally the only time I will watch TV is sports. I hate commercials so damn much. I can't stand watching tv
I was flipping through the TV on-screen schedule and saw a show called "Kellie Pickler [...something or other]" and thought, hmm, haven't seen her boobs in a while...let's check 'em out.  
I never did watch it because it was 13 commercials in a row, and I said fuck it.
Did they actually start?  Or did they say they are going to start?
Oh well, greediness backfires. long live netflix and huli,..
How does this work when programs have been shortened to 21 and 42 minutes to show more ads? I know TBS sped up their shows to allow even more commercials, will we now slow down shows to even out the extra time? 
My cable company charges you money to transfer their data - they are also an ISP.  they don't pay royalties to content creators either.  what a scam.
Everyone makes 22 minute sitcoms.

I'm not sure this would even be possible to implement. What, are they gonna get multiple versions of shows with different run lengths?  

It's cute, but a non-starter.
Sounds like they need to be scared harder.
It's amazing what a little competition will do to an absolutely pathetic industry. 
[George agrees](https://youtu.be/RW2JInyMoPc) 
I would consider the high price of cable if they completely removed ads.
They're always 10 steps behind. People don't stop watching TV, young or old, only because of ads. We want to watch what we want, and when we want it.
"Waging war" its a war they're not going to win. I can't wait to see the collapse of major cable companies. They can offer me whatever they want, it will never be enough to pay for cable. 
The future for cable networks is commissioning and airing original content. airing re-runs and crapulent reality tv is driving people away and they're discovering the joys of binge viewing. 


I think this the Berlin wall of our generation. I hope I live to see these fucks fall.
If only they would enable the feature to fast forward on demand, don't worry, I still put the TV on mute and ignore the commercial. 
If Comcast is showing fewer ads it is because they aren't selling them.  People (Rember corporations are people now) are spending the more of their advertising budget on the internet.
With a combination of adblock on my computers and Netflix, I gotta say I am no longer used to any amount of ads.
I thought that cable companies just started a thing where TV shows are going to be 18 minutes now instead of 21 so they can show more ads? 

I am confuse.
You know, I don't care so much about their ads as I do their astronomical prices. 
lol I have yet to experience this.  
this is how it should be the free market at work...
Mentioned netflix today to directv.  My contract ends in 2 months.  They immediately took $25 off my bill and offered another $25 if I signed another 1 year contract.
Content is more valuable on Netflix than on cable.  This is why the cable companies, with all their anti-competitive strategies are suddenly competing and losing.  

Video on demand makes older, better produced content more enjoyable, more valuable, and most importantly for the cable industry, makes less content necessary to satisfy the needs of customers.   The push to develop new fresh content that nobody has ever seen to ensure the maximum potential eyeballs doesn't apply to Netflix.  They just need enough new stuff for you to watch that you're interested in, and that's not hard.  
Last line = priceless
I just DVR everything I want to see on TV so I can skip through the ads. 
This is so far from fixing the actual problem. It's sad that cable companies refuse to change. 
Don't fall for it,
But not so scared that they stop gouging. 
I'd rather see them show unedited movies, like IFC does.  I never watch movies on TBS/TNT/FX etc... because they cut even the swearing.  If IFC can do it, it must not violate FCC laws.
Now only if Hulu and Youtube would show fewer ads
meanwhile, over at hulu....
Not good enough unfortunately.  Not that a reality tv matters to me,  but im far too used to commercial free shows now.  I cant ever go back.
Fewer isn't none. Please try again.
I will only watch advertisements on TV for live sports. And even then, I usually pause when the game comes on, play Xbox or read for 30-45 minutes, and then skip through all the commercials as I watch.
How about ads themselves? I hate those shitty Chevrolet advertising about how the coolest dad is the one with WiFi in it's fucking traxx
Fewer ads is still too many ads. If I'm paying $100+/month for a service, I don't want to see any ads at all, period.
Im not sure where you get your info. Ads support the channels and not the cable company. The reason you have good content on broadcast networks isn't because Comcast or time Warner or what ever pays for them. It's the channels that get that money and put it into productions. That's why reality is so popular, it's cheap to produce.


As long as the TV companies control the internet infrastructure, it doesn't really matter.
Too little, too late. 
Make the programming free, or remove commercials, and I may use cable again.
Too little, too late.
I have a hard time believing this. TV shows are filmed to be a certain length and start at specific times, what have they filled the time with other than commercials? 
Yea, I feel like they totally missed the point. Consumers are moving to other mediums because they are more empowered there, there is better content or better delivery. Almost universally people are really willing to put up with ads if the access, delivery and options are better - look at youtube, it's still thriving even as we've reached the point where you get ads longer than the videos.
And Netflix has been showing more. They're going to meet in the middle, rather than some glorious ad-free paradise.
We are forced to have cable instead of Netflix because where we live out Internet has a 15GB data cap. Will be getting Netflix soon as possible.
You know what would be really nice?

IF THE ADVERTISEMENTS DIDNT GET SUPER LOUD EVERY TIME THEY CAME ON!!
Fewer commercials would not convince me to get cable again.  When you watch netflix or hulu you are set on watching that single show.  There are no channels to change to.  You have committed to watching that show/movie.  With cable you can switch to another channel and forget to go back to what you were watching, which I constantly did when watching cable.
There's no returning from the depths of suckdom that cable companies have ventured down. Fewer commercials won't help.

Hey CABLE company:
-DRASTICALLY improve your dvr box. (Just got the most advanced dvr from TWC, and it sucks)
-Lower cable bills DRASTICALLY - at least by half.
-Let users pick their own channels. NO PACKAGES. I want CBS, AMC, and HBO.  PERIOD. Sweet, my bill is 9.99 /mo. great!
-I want 500 Mb download and 100 Mb upload speeds.  I'll pay 19.99 /mo for it. NOT A PENNY MORE.
-When I call you, DON'T try to change my current subscription and tell me I can get 20 additional channels and 20 Mb faster speed for $10 less per month. That makes me feel like you've been ripping me off for a LONG time.
Do this or I'm switching to Google. Forget it, I'm switching anyway. Hope you go bankrupt for screwing me without conscious for so many years.
this or advertisers are cord cutters themselves, bringing their money to other forms of advertising outside TV, what seems plausible as people leave cable.
you want to stop me watching online movies. give me comparible access at a decent fee. 
my cable, basic, costs as much as my internet, yet offers just local tv and a few b/c grade channels

Dinosaurs will die. 
I can't tell, watching TWDis torture.
They fucking should be.
When advertisers wake up to how few conversions per ad impressions they are truly getting . . .
Haven't watched ads in ages, isn't that why we have DVRs
I haven't fucking noticed that shit.
What's this?  Competition making it better for the consumer?  Incredible! 
More likely they are trying to increase the price of ads by limiting the amount they show.

They'll just keep lowering the data caps until they hit a point where they make more money even if you ditch their cable and watch netflix.
I don't think Foxtel got that particular memo. And they wonder why I just more than halved my subscription. 
I'm not sure if there's any actual difference in total commercial length, but in Europe we can tell what shows are made in america by the amount of times the logo of the show will pop up full-screen twice in a row, as if there was supposed to be a commercial in between. It always struck me as sort of funny, with over-the-top capitalist america trying to monetize everything to the extreme. 
Time Warner CEO has pledged to cut ad time in half! ... on TruTV.
The ads didn't make me cut the cord. Nor the price. Twas the programs and content.
Why pay to be shown 50% commercial ads / 50% ad-infested programming?
Cry me a river 
Netflix and Google should unit for a truly new style of home content for entertainment. Screw the cable companies.
I mean the matter of fact is, I don't want to sit through 1 hour of advertisement during a 2 hour movie

just as I don't want to see a 30 second ad before a 10 second youtube clip
Too little too late.
Too little too late. It has past the point of no return. 
It isn't going to help. Too little, too late.
If only netflix didn't have shit to watch
Netflix? They should be scared of slingtv, PlayStation vue and maybe hulu if they decide to pull their heads out of their asses.

Netflix doesn't provide live tv and it takes them forever to upload a season.  

Once the channels they provide become a la carte on android, windows and ios. Its game over for anyone who doesn't want to adapt.
I work for a cable company, and we are most certainly not afraid of Netlflix. Its a streaming service. Sure right now its your 'savior' but just wait until every Network is a "netflix" and every Network wants $10/month. 

Cable companies were never going to spend money when they didn't have to. Now that the playing field is changing, we'll dump money into creating a new medium and step up our game. 

You people are really really delusional if you think these billion dollar companies, don't know how to pander to your needs. Its just that before, they didn't "need" to do it. 
Jokes on them, I won't watch cable again because they're less ads.
What cable companies need to realize...is that outside of internet access...they've been dead to me for years. I don't think I'll ever get cable again unless they pull some batshit insane maneuver that then brings me back. Which is highly unlikely at this point.
“Consumers are being trained there are places they can go to avoid ads.”

Like we're being trained like dogs. And this is the mentality that will be their fatality
Wait, people still watch cable?
except all big channels that run big shows have 22 and 48 minute shows.... you can't do much else with the 8 minutes... 

Until the sitcoms and dramas are allowed to be longer, any chance is irrelevant.

Also they're way too expensive.

I would like to know how this will work exactly.  A 30 minute TV show episode is on average 22 minutes without commercials.  If they knock off 2 of the 8 minutes for commercials what are they going to fill in the rest of the time with?  They certainly arent going to upset the 30 minute block and go to some chaotic setup with shorter blocks.  Are they going to buffer between shows with the advertising that was cut?  Because that won't help things.  I'd still rather go to Netflix where the next episode will begin to play the second the credits are done.  You can't say you're going to cut commercials without either extending the length of the actual programming content.
The technology sounds like a bag with a lock on it.
time for plan B 
https://tstotopix.files.wordpress.com/2015/11/homer-and-apu-season-5-episode-13-simpsons-world-13.png?w=584&amp;h=240
If you were going to pirate / film his show why wouldn't you just bring a second phone and not tell them about it?


I went to a Puscifer concert last night in Vancouver and if the security guards were all over people with phones out/on. Witnessed them come yell at a couple of people and almost kick them out of the venue. No need for fancy locking cases, just security guards that get paid enough to care. 
What's to stop someone from walking out to a "phone" zone, unlocking it, take their phones out and walk back in the show without it inside the case anymore? Is there some kind of alarm that sounds? Is someone going to check every single person that walks in and out to make sure their phone is in the bag? How would they know?
Article didn't say that the case blocks signals or anything. So this seems like a great way for someone's phone to not be muted and it goes off during the show and then they can't even quickly stop it ringing. 
Great idea. I'm sick of people pirating live performances and putting them on the internet. Excuse me while I go download some movies and game of thrones.
I'm more concerned with this article.  Does nine sentences pass as an article these days?  Is this what "investigative journalism" has given us?  Or is this person just, very clearly, phoning it in in order to cash in on a clickbait title?
And the award for stupidest startup of the year goes to...... yondr. An expensive bag that requires you to post security at every exit to visually inspect your case every time you leave and/or enter the zone? Oh and lets not forget if you get a phone call and forgot to turn your ringer off youre screwed. The possibilities are endless, where can i invest??
im not sure why they just cant say if youre on your phone youll be asked to leave etc
Honestly, this just sounds like a mess.
I went to the Chappelle show last year.  I didn't enjoy it for one second.  His security staff was EVERYWHERE; in the isles, constantly walking around, talking into ear pieces, hovering over attendees.  This was going on throughout the entire show.  All the lights were on and if you even reached into your pocket you were harassed or removed by staff.  There wasn't a moment during his routine that somebody nearby wasn't getting talked to or kicked out.  Everyone, who was just moments before dancing and drinking and laughing with friends, were frozen stiff in their seats.  I have never felt so nervous and uncomfortable at a show in my whole life.

I get what Dave is trying to do, but his security was way over the top, very distracting, and affected my enjoyment of the show immensely.
As much as I hate people that are constantly glued to their portable screens, and I always turn off my phone whenever I enter a theater/conference/show (or, even if I'm just having dinner with friends or entering a meeting, I'll at least put it in mute), I don't like this at all. You can ask me to not use my phone, I'll be happy to oblige, and I wouldn't anyway. But I won't let you lock my phone in a little case, or any such fucking ridiculous measure. When going through the line, I would just say "I didn't bring my phone", fuck 'em, what are they gonna do about it?
Eventually, going to a Chapelle show will be like going to the airport. 

"Here's the orange jumpsuit and handcuffs. Put 'em on. You'll get your clothes, property, and civil rights back after the ~~flight~~ stand-up show."
If you're on your phone at a Dave Chappelle gig, it's a waste of Dave Chappelle.
Perhaps one day we will invent the technology to take the phones out of the case. 

Until that day, it looks like this case is closed.
Law of unintended consequences. What if there is an actual emergency?

Edit: My inbox has been blown up since this comment. Many of the comments are hostile to cell phones in venues due to inconsiderate people.
I can see both sides of it but my main concern is what about professionals such as doctors, off duty cops or even military. What happens when they need to be reached during thier off time for an emergency and they cant be reached because thier phone is locked/off? Unless im misunderstanding how this tech works, that can be a problem.
Dave Chappelle is still doing shows??? Thats a bigger story than his anti-phone using technology.
Love her to death, but my mom is the worst.  Everything is a competition for likes on facebook.  Just decorated the tree.  That consisted of me and my sister posing 15 times as she took pictures to post in a cute collage.

Eventually I just said "Your not even experiencing this, your living through your phone rather than just simply enjoying it"
Cant you just bring a portable recorder for audio? I mean it's stand up comedy. It doesn't matter whether or not you have video aslong as the audio is good quality.
Good. sounds like the beginning of the end of having to endure watching every fucking goddamn person and their dog recording live shows on their stupid phones instead of just living their lives.
Completely agree with not filming it on my phone. But your not putting shit on me or anything on me. 
Great example of irresponsible asshats ruining it for the rest of us...

I make a point to never take my phone out during live performances, unless I need to send a quick text message for something. I'd be willing to put my phone in a fancy pouch and deal if it improves my experience at the show, but it irks me that I have to be inconvenienced because of other's actions.

I saw Odesza two nights ago, and it was a shitshow of phones. People were taking selfies in the front of the crowd, which really confused me as you can always take a picture of your face later...
The lesson here is to put your fucking phone down and live in the moment, not worry about living it second hand after you've already *been there* and missed it.
*phone rings for an extended period*

"Will someone shut off their fucking phone already, I'm trying to do my set!"

"I would but you fucking locked it in this case and I can't open it!"
This is just one fire away from an awful idea.
yeahhh.... ill just see another comedian thanks.
&gt;Everyone who enters the venue has to put their phone into a Yondr case

... and that's where this falls down. What's going to compel people to do this?
Fuck that! I don't like people playing on my phone!
Great. Im glad. I went to see him a couple of months back and the security for cell phones out was very strict. they were very upfront about it before the show. It was an amazing show, and i can see that he still working on some material. If you can see him live, do it. But it'll be worth the wait to see the special whenever it comes out. 
I quit going to concerts a while ago because of morons on their fucking phones, ipads, etc.

It's very rude to those around you and also blocks their view.

Besides, you're never going to watch it anyways... just enjoy the show.
You guys, this is a deterent from using you phone in the performance. Of course there are ways around it and some people will. The vast majority won't, and it will be quite obvious if you are one of the rule breakers. I'm excited for this. I hope more shows start doing this. I don't record live shows, but I still get distracted by those who do, so this sounds wonderful.
I went to the first night and sat in the balcony. It was almost shocking to look down into the pit and not see blue light on 90% of the faces in the crowd. 

I left my phone in the car so I didn't know exactly what time I go into the venue, what time he started or what time the show ended. I know if I had my phone I would have at least glanced at it to check the time or a notification. I felt much more focused and remembered much more of the show that I think I would have otherwise. 

So walk outside, take the phone out, then walk back in?
Dave Chappelle Uses New Technology to Keep People out of his Shows

FTFY
I don't feel comfortable with that. Nowadays I'd rather have my phone ready to go in case of an emergency. Never know if something happens at the show. Dave Chappelle isn't worth having my phone locked up.

I'm sure he has no problems selling out shows,.. but I personally wouldnt patronize any business,etc that forced me to do this. Sorry. Not gonna happen.
I was at the show tonight. It was great, people actually interacting. Noone blocking my view to take a crummy picture. The case does not unlock automatically like this article states.  You had to have them unlock it when leaving. Minor inconvenience really. 
Plenty of security to call 911 in an emergency. 
This pisses me off. He is still a favorite of mine but fuck him. He came to Detroit and did a show and was too fucked up to even tell one joke and then just sat there. If he is all worried about the experience of the show and not ruining it, how about not showing up plastered and actually do your show we all paid you to do and stop worrying about peoples phones.
So I'll just say I didn't bring a phone. I'm not giving control of access to my possessions to basically mall security. Are they going to search me?

And what happens if I don't turn it off before I lock myself out of it or improperly mute/turnoff and it starts ringing, and now I can't get to it to turn it off?

What happens when you miss an emergency call, do you get to sue this ill-conceived company now?

At some point you are depriving people of their rights. Dave Chappelle and others may not like cell phones, but just deal with rude people by treating them rudely and removing them from the theater. Don't start treating everyone like they are inherently rude... that's just... rude.

Just release a special already. It's been at least a couple of years since he came out of retirement. 
This is very cool, I'm curious what kind of solution we will come up with once our devices move beyond being a physical possesion, i.e. electronic implants etc.
I figured he was going to put a massive UV light on his Mic or something ruin all their digital recordings.  Dave would truly look like a star from then on.
He has shows??????
Cellphones or mobile phones can bring a lot of convenience as it is readily available and you do not have to look for a phone if you urgently need to make a call.  However, it can be a nuisance if it interrupts an event like a show, a wedding or a worship service. Therefore, I believe the device may one day be used at a wedding or a worship service other than a show. 
I'd probably cut the bag open, throw it on the floor and put my phone back in my pocket (because who's on their phone at an event?!)
So, the movie theater that implements this, or something like it, will get my money. 
I've always felt like it was kind of rude to be on your phone at a comedy show.
I went to a show once for this DJ/producer called ZHU and thy had these but the were locked with the magnetic antitheft devices you find in clothing stores.  His whole shtick is that his identity is a "mystery" so he hides behind a semitransparent visual screen in the dark. He doesn't want pictures taken of any part of the show so he had these. My lock fell off in my pocket and I thought the idea was so cool that I actually had them lock it back up again. Made the show much more fun and special because there are no recordings.
I went to his show in Concord, NH in October. I've never seen so many warning signs entering any venue stating no use of cell phones. The security wasn't messing around either, there was even an announcement just before Ashey Larry went up to open. Anyone who had their phone out was asked to put it away and if they thought you were taking a picture or video you were automatically thrown out, no questions asked. It was an amazing show, I implore everyone to try and catch his standup if you can.
&gt;I was there tonight, and there was no phone zone. The cases had to be unlocked by the security people. It wasn't automatic like this article states.

So by "new tech" you mean "lock box"
The articles make claims about automatic locking and unlocking based on proximity. But this lock looks like a security tag magnetic lock, which would have to be unlocked with the magnetic unlocking tool, not simply being in the room or not.

This smells like marketing bullshit not "new technology".

Edit: [**Exactly** like I thought.](http://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2014/10/i-let-yondr-lock-my-smartphone-in-a-sock-so-i-could-live-in-the-moment/)
This is just a business partnership and PR for this company.

I saw chappelle earlier this year and he has security very well trained to remove people who phones. He stops everything when there are hecklers as well.

This guy doesn't take shit and he definitely doesn't need this tech. 
I love this. I saw him in Reading, PA after years of loving him. It was amazing and I was happy to sit there and watch him without a hundred annoying flashes right next to me or giant phones popping into my line of sight.
I would absolutely love to see this implemented in movie theatres. 

Maybe then I could actually eat my popcorn, 

instead of wasting precious resources hocking it at the jackass in front of me that's reading facebook posts about how her fat niece just finished her first ever special hugathon performance at the local YMCA. 
That's actually a pretty good idea. I can think of about 10 different ways around it, but still it's a good idea.
It really is amazing when you stop to think about. We live in a time where it is a given that someone will have a phone in their pocket.
Wow. Not a fan. Won't be going to any event that requires this. Sounds like a perfect way for terrorists for start havoc. Thousands of people that can't use their phones.
This is a step in the right direction. People kind of miss out on things when they're only worried about getting the recording/picture. Media is more demanding of our attention than ever. One picture is fine, but don't have your phone in your hand the whole time. Enjoy stuff while it's right in front of you
Let's see how he likes it when I roll in with a camcorder on a tripod and set *that* shit up just to spite that idea.
likely to be challenged in court and the program ended.
I really think this is overreaction/speculation. I saw Chappelle twice last year, once in Oregon and once in California. He is known for not liking people on their phones during shows, and both shows they did have signs saying no cameras, no phones, etc, but they didn't do anything to enforce it. I've been to concerts where they actively had people walking through the crowd the whole show, asking people to leave if they saw a light or a screen or a device. Chappelle's shows didnt have anything like that.
case with lock - 'new technology'
Or just make an interesting show where people won't get bored and want to use their phone?
Also? If you want to pirate, take a camcorder that wouldn't fit in the bag? !?
It seems to me that this device exists solely to circumvent the jammer ban. The whole point of the ban was that they wanted people to always be able to dial 911 so why is this legal while a jammer is illegal? And the whole 911 thing is horseshit anyway -- we somehow managed to survive in the days before cell phones.
Man is free to do whatever he likes.

I think it's a garbage proposal, because just like above statement, we are free to do whatever we like as well. We're paying for a show that takes away our liberty.
I've kind of been turned around on the idea of people "not really experiencing" what is happening right in front of them because there's a cell phone / camera in the way.

I don't think I have a place deciding for someone else what the best way to enjoy life is. My sister can't go 2 minutes without taking a picture, but even if she never looked at those pictures again, going through the effort of framing the scene the way she wants to is her way of experiencing it. It's kind of annoying, but it's her life and it's not that hard to ignore it.

Anyway, people need to put their goddamn phones away during movies and performances. Good work, Dave.
I dunno about legal technicalities, but I do know that intentionally blocking phone signals is illegal (for instance if they intentionally installed lead in the walls to block cell signal) I never pull my phone out anyway when going to a show (live or otherwise) but this is just bullshit having to lock up your phone in something that only security can unlock (according to [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/3vcro8/dave_chappelle_uses_new_technology_to_keep_people/cxmm2k0))  I certainly won't be going to one of his shows.
I hate people using phones at live performances, but i'm not sure how i feel having to lock my phone away in light of the recent Paris attacks.
All this makes me do is not want to see his shows. When I go see movies or stand up, I take the literal second to silence my phone, and even make sure I have the screen facing inwards so if it lights up, no one will see.

But because some of his fans are dicks, he wants us all to obey this policy? 
Easy enough to subvert.  Just bring two phones.  Your real phone and a decoy.  Put the decoy in the case.
Most of this works by social pressure. If the majority of the people put the phones in these cases, anyone else who subverted the system will be very hesitant to stand out by looking like the only person in the audience holding up a phone (where it is obvious to everyone he is breaking the rules). The device is a 100% secure method, it just is meant to get 95%+ compliance and let social pressure fix those who might try to subvert it.
Well, fuck him then. This is an idiotic idea.
Awesome idea and makes me want to get out and see shows that are like that.

And hell people should start doing this everywhere. Weddings, parties, etc... human beings still exist in the flesh you know.
Moral of the story: you are paying for expensive tickets to see a man perform a routine that he has made sure you get your money's worth. Don't waste your time, his time, our time, with your bullshit tweets, or status updates. 

If you made plans to go out, remember that 911 exists for emergencies. 

Recall, when 9/11 happened, Bush was in the wrong place, and the wrong time to be given this type of news. Shit happens, deal with it, but a cellphone won't change the outcome. 
I'll never understand anti-phone luddites.
Media companies use technology to make assloads of money on an old outdated model- FUCK THEM!  EVOLVE YOU DINOSAURS!  
  
Dave Chappelle uses technology to make assloads of money on an old outdated model- Go Dave!  Woo hoo!  
  
Consistency- Ya'll ain't got none.
If this is the USA I wouldnt feel safe. When the gunman enters, after the prayers have yet again failed, one must step outside the safe zone to call the cops and ambulances. Seconds matter in situations like that. He is simply endangering lives. 
Uhhhh "No sir, i do not own a cellular device"
What if you simple stepped out of the phone free zone and then just didn't put your phone back into the case?
How the fuck am I supposed to get hold of Ja Rule!?
Wouldn't it be easier to just put a sign at the entrance clearly stating that 'We reserve the right to kick the fuck out anybody caught recording the show with their phone'?
Some full page fucking add for rocky. Fuck off. I hate browsing external sites on my phone with my reddit browser. No adblock. 
What happens if a james holmes character walks in and no one can defend themselves or call for help or loved ones on their last breath.
People who film live performances be it comedy shows or concerts are so god damn annoying, they're just as bad as people who film fireworks with their phone during 4th of July. Seriously nobody is going to watch your video on Facebook, not even you.  You'll get more likes if you take a selfie in front of the venue making a silly face than you will ever get with your shitty quality video. Nobody cares that you went somewhere for the night. 
I know I'm sick and tired of going to concerts and such and seeing everyone on their phones and filming everything. 

If there's an emergency that's why you call security over so they can call for help just like it used to work back in the pre cell phone days. 
Look at how poorly the Grateful Dead did because they allowed their perforamances to be recorded. They just up and disappeared after a year of touring. THIS is the real consequence of recording performances...

What's that? They're the most successful touring band of all time? Oh, my mistake.
I was there and it was awesome! People could actually experience life without being behind their personality killing phones for at least a little bit. I hope this catches on.
If someone asked me to put my phone in a baggie I'd tell them "suck my dick I want a refund".
well and good until someone pops in with an AK
sorry Complex Media Network but I will never know what this link is because fuck you in particular and I guess Dave is now a cunt too ...
I'm a doc. I get calls I have to answer immediately all the time. Looks like I'll never be seeing Chapelle live. 
ITT: Millennials and phone addicts desperately trying to justify their self-absorbed "need" for uninterrupted access to technology that didn't even exist 15 years ago.
This website hates mobile. And I hate it
I'm a fan of Dave Chappelle, have a lot of respect for his body of work as well as him as a human being. I'm also a generally nice person who goes out of his way to be kind and respectful to others. I not only understand but sympathize with his reasons for having to do this.

That being said, it makes me REALLY want to record one of his shows.
It's kind of sad that he went crazy.
Interactive audience participation.

throw ice cubes at the annoying people
This has been around for a while. While is Chappelle getting the credit here?
Is it possible shows in the future can use infrared lights aimed at the audience? That way viewers won't pick up on anything but footage will be unviewable. Yondr is a creative idea but seems kind of like a pain to supply all those cases. I guess infrared light doesn't really solve the problem of audio but not like you couldn't have your phone recording before it's placed inside the case.
Yeah, I went to one of these shows on Monday, and it's totally voluntary to put your phone in this case. They tell everyone to do it, but people were like 'oh no, i don't have a phone' and just bypassing them. 

Security was also on alert that if they saw a phone then they would eject the person. Was a good show, didn't see any phones. 
I saw him at Red Rock in CO. last year and I couldn't understand a damn thing he said the entire show.  Maybe it was the style of amphitheater.  I swear I thought it was the biggest waste of money.  It was my first comedy show too.
Why will  
  
"Put your phone in this special case"  
  
work better than  
  
"Put your phone in this special state"  
  
?
Wow. So were we "prepped" for this by that popular thread just one day ago on this very topic?
I'm okay with this as long as it is known before you buy a ticket. I myself would never goto something like that because my phone is how my family would get a hold of me in case of an emergency.
Cause theres no way someone would be able to bring two phones, or simply say "nah man, I left my phone in the car; I didnt want it to be a distraction during the show" and bring it in anyway. If people want to take photos or record video, theyre gonna find a way to do that.
[deleted]
Sorry Dave, I love you but I'm not doing that. 
What if there is an emergency. Like the shit going on recently with people deciding to play black ops with real guns. Then you can't call 911. 
This is Indiabizclub B 2 B Portal!

**[searchIngiabizclub!](http://www.indiabizclub.com/)**
What about Type 1 diabetics that have their blood glucose number transmitted to their phone by their Dexcom G5 Constant Glucose Monitor (CGM)?
When I go to a live show I like to take a few pictures. I don't watch the entire show through my screen, I want to be there live. I'll take my phone out, snap a couple quick shots, and put it back away. 

That being said, with a child at home with a sitter, I would not want my phone locked. It would make me nervous. I hope this doesn't catch on. 
it's not like I can't lock up my old cell phone in that silly box and text on my new one. What Dave needs is a cell phone jammer
If only he had some sort of opportunity to make enough money to not have to worry about money for the rest of his life. 
Sounds dangerous to me. 
What happens if something tragic happens which would require someone calling the police/emergency services? 
Some people have valid reasons to keeping their phones on them. 
I saw Kevin Hart in Toronto earlier this year and they had dozens of security guards just combing the aisles waiting to catch people. If you had your phone out and they caught you, you got kicked out instantly. No refund and tickets were pricy. 
Sounds like a good way to turn people off from going to your shows.
"new technology" 
What if there is an emergency, and everyone has their phones locked?
What if I brought my gopro? 
This is asinine. Don't get me wrong. People who hold up their phones to record are jackasses. But the only way to keep people from bringing a second phone is to backscatter their bodies and X-ray their bags. 

Infrared lights on stage will circumvent video. Jammers will eliminate WiFi and cell coverage. The only thing left is audio but recording devices are easier to smuggle than phones anyway. 
Wouldnt it be easier to use infrared diodes to mess up the videos made with camera so people wont film because you cant see anything on the videos?
I get why he doesn't want his shows recorded but I feel like I'm never going to get to see this guy live in my entire life. 
Ghostery does not like this website so I don't either it seems
this article feels like an ad, where is jimmy valmer to check?
That's great and all, until the first time someone finds out their kid died 3 hours earlier.
What if someone shoots up the place?  No one would be able to call the police.
If the concern is filming, why not use IR emitters to block the video cameras? http://www.google.com/patents/US6559883
Just install a phone jammer and be done with it. This solution sounds dumb. 
&gt; It works like this: Everyone who enters the venue has to put their phone into a Yondr case. When they enter the phone-free area, the case automatically locks and they can't use the phone.

I really thought it would be more high-tech than that... Love that new technology of putting your phone in a box and locking it.
is there anything preventing a person from just saying "nope, I don't have a phone on me"?
what about people who forget to silence their phone, and has to leave the room phone ringing head bowed in shame .. actually just another plus
People are just going to bring decoy phones.
Saw him 2 years ago when he first went back on tour, was hilarious! He was smoking blunts the whole time!

This is absurd, especially coming from Dave Chappelle.  Yeah, using a phone during a show is rude and annoying, but it's the height of arrogance to think that we must have our phones locked away in order to stay attentive during his routine.  This isn't a lecture on particle physics, it's stand-up comedy, and rather low-brow at that.  Plus, if he's such at extraordinary talent, then why can't he work it into his show to either captivate the attention of his audience or shame people into avoiding their phones?

Given that Chappelle walked away from his TV show due to heavy handed management, I find it hypocritical that he would now take this same heavy handed approach with his audience.
This isn't exactly technology... unless we are talking about stone age cloth technology
This isn't really about *using* "new technology" though, as much as it's about being *against* new technology and the societal changes it brings. It's just a bag with a lock and a range sensor for the "phone zone", how does it make sure you put it back?

Anyway, if this is about phones being disruptive, using new technology would, to me, be a signal your phone can pick up and go into silent mode, dim the lights, and remind you to leave the area if you get a call and such. And that would have a broad range of uses.

If this is about piracy, I think people who're happy watching a phone recording aren't going to pay anyway. I don't know about what Dave does, but what you should do is sell access to the live feed, record it, and then sell the video. Easy, immediate and cheap.

Also, at what point do we truly realize that when we can make and spread an endless number of copies of something to anywhere in the world, in almost no time, and at barely any cost, that we need a business model where we can pay for originals to be made, so that copying can be completely free.
Also soft cases? Can't you just use the buttons through it?
At this pint I'm surprised major Broadway theaters haven't begun lining their walls / roofs with copper and making a Faraday cage out of the venue.  

Sure it's expensive, but it's effective and what isn't expensive in NYC ?
What's to stop someone from just saying they didn't bring a phone and walk in with it in their pocket?
Hopefully there's no emergency
I went to his show in Detroit, we were able to have our phones on us, but were very clear once the show began we'd have to put it away until conclusion or we would be kicked out by ushers. 

Not sure why that isn't the logical option still. 
When we saw him last year, we were told we'd be thrown out of the show if we were caught using our phones, or just step outside to use it. That was enough for me. I had wanted to see him for years, and it was totally worth. He's still hilarious.
 I leave mine in the car.
Now if he could only stay relevant. Too bad its not 2006. 
That's illegal. 
So it's like DRM for a show
TIL - Dave Chappelle is alive and well--crazy...
Whats stopping someone from just saying they didnt bring a phone and then recording the show once they get in?
1st of all .. he's still alive? 

2nd-ly .. didn't he burn out?
[deleted]
Joke's on him I have an Apple watch
Awesome! It's like when a kid is first learning manners - you gotta enforce them. Hopefully people catch on and learn that it's annoying as fuck to be at a live performance with a ton of phones in the air. 
Is signal jamming illegal? I can't understand how else this could work.
Great idea, but j figure this would be considered a safety concern since no emergency calls can be made while in the case.

What happens if all the cases lock up because of some technical malfunction and there's an emergency?
I hope they start doing this at concerts. Phones have really ruined the charm of GA. It's an absolutely shitty experience now with people taking pictures/videos.
I've never wanted to record a Dave Chappelle show until now.
All I hear is CHAPELLE NEW MATERIAL!!!
So you step out of the no phone area, remove your phone, and then simply don't put the phone back in when you walk back.
This sounds slightly illegal or just poor decision making in my opinion.. What if some shit goes down and you cant get into your phone because you're in the 'phone free' zone.. It is illegal to use those phone jammers, I'm not sure I see how this is really any different.. 
It's one thing to not want people recording your act, but don't try and tell me how to experience something.
It looks like a great idea but also like an advertisement of Yondr. 
1 step in the right direction of combatting phonophilia.
\*cough\* emp \*cough\*
Some people will forget to put their phone on silent so youll hear a bunch of awkwardly long rings while rushing to the back or text notification sounds.
I'm so glad this wasn't an article about them using illegal cellphone jammers. 
what's to stop someone walking out, taking out their phone and walking back in with a locked bag? Or put a decoy in the bag? or Not put anything in the bag? 
If the show is entertaining enough people wouldn't be in their phones in the first place except for excessive tester.
&gt; new technology

Faraday cages invented in 1836

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Faraday_cage
This is the kind of thing NFC was invented for. Why is no one using it?
Put NFC RDIDs lining the doorway to a theater that signal silent mode, or airplane mode. Doctors offices, banks, libraries. And we're only considering the silencing possibility here. Theres a lot more
But why would anyone..
Time to bust out the GoPro
How expensive is it to build a Faraday cage into the walls of a venue?
If you ever want to bring something into a concert, just hold it in your wallet hand when they wand you.  If it's black and slim no one ever notices.

I accidentally had workknife and boxcutter on me when I went to a Pink Floyd tribute concert.  I didn't think about it because it was in an open air amphitheater and not what I thought would be a high security venue.  Just held the knives in my hand behind my wallet during the patdown.  Since then it's worked for all sorts of contraband.
What a hypocrite.  I went to one of his shows where he spent the whole time on his phone, trying to call his celebrity friends, because he obviously had nothing prepared.  Please return to obscurity.
As someone who dis frequently on backup call at the hospital on my "days off", this make it hard for me to attend events especially given that my group tends to prefer texting to pager use.  I get the sentiment but this technology essentially makes it impossible for me to go to live events.
Just hire a security guard to kick people out. No refund. 
"damn kids these days always on their phones, back in my day we watched shows with our EYES, and if you wanted to see a comedy act you had to GO THERE"

just accept that things are different now and roll with it, this is just silly.
Sit back and the case will unlock.
You people make a scene when they need to be reached because thier phone is locked/off?
I'd not he happy about having to lock my phone in a bag buy I respect the desire to try and prevent the audience from putting your brand new joke on the Internet the night you first try it on an audience. Then again, this is already soon going to be ineffective with the rise of smart watches. 
really!!! that very nice... keeping off their phones is really really hard to pull off
i brought two phones
what about cameras?
My classic material get stolen all the time like this!  -- all good...
Jokes on him..I have a android wear watch

Saw him in sioux falls sd, at the Pavillion center, it was hilarious. He asked this white kid in the front row what his name was and where he was from, he said 'I'm bobby from the east side,' dave lost it and so did the audience it was so funny. Sioux falls is a pretty crime free medium sized city. Dave killed that night and seemed to have really happy.
It says it's not using the internet, it's using cable TV, but then it says:

&gt;Only this time, Comcast is using the Internet to do it.

I don't understand.  Is it using the internet or not?  If it's using Cable only, then how is this different from just being a low tier of a cable package?
&gt;Comcast

&gt;It's even worse

Who saw that one coming?
A single company should not be allowed to offer cable and Internet, it's a conflict of interests which is preventing America from keeping up with technology. 
There's no "getting around" here, no exploring. The FCC explicitly allowed this kind of thing because it's the same kind of service as PPV always has been.

Coax-based systems (HFC) are going to transition away from having 6 MHz TV channels and just go to packet video. This will start next year with DOCSIS 3.1. If they are not allowed to do this it will cause their systems to be slower and less money efficient than they otherwise would be. This is going to cost the cable operators money which will cost us money because they don't eat costs, they pass them on to customers.

This kind of change it just a change to reserving a different kind of bandwidth within their system for TV usage than they did before. It doesn't turn it into an internet service because it doesn't go to or from the internet it's not some kind of massive cheat in that way. Its just another way of using their system to deliver TV.

I do wish the FCC would have put in some consideration that ISPs should be required to allow other video providers to colocate in their datacenters and thus also be outside caps/tiers. Although I guess by allowing zero rating they did that in a very basic way, just didn't put in any regulations or guidelines to mandate it.
This is only a problem if they are lying about what they are doing.  If they are truly just using their own infrastructure and not routing through the internet, then they are basically just bringing cable TV into the 21st century.  And it's clever on their part.    
    
But, if they are lying, then all we need are some clever individuals to prove such.     
     
Let's look at the glass half full for a moment.  Perhaps if they are telling the truth this will push the conversation about how/why it is that Comcast "owns" infrastructure that is often subsidized or paid for by tax payers?  I mean, they are basically admitting to owning a single network that spans the entire country that can deliver content without having to route through a single non-Comcast server.  
     
Also, what happens when Verizon or Time Warner decide to start offering similar services over the same wires?  How can the argument hold up?  
The internet, the global network uniting every human, is being bastardized into a commercial service aimed to serve for-profit corporations. 

I dont want to live on this planet anymore 
BGR is an awful website that repackages the opinions of others and presents it as original thought, many times weeks after the fact. Here's a better article on the subject: http://www.wired.com/2015/11/comcast-may-have-found-a-major-net-neutrality-loophole/
Quite the scheme they have going.
In case anyone didn't know where to file a petition/complaint against this, [it's right here](https://consumercomplaints.fcc.gov/hc/en-us/requests/new?ticket_form_id=38824).

If as many people took up the cause against this as SOPA/PIPA we might get somewhere. Even if they're not your provider, file a complaint to add your voice (I did).

E: Basic submission letter below. Not the best, so hopefully someone can fix it up for me.

Dear Tom Wheeler - 

I applaud your recent efforts to further Net Neutrality and provider a level playing field for both service providers and consumers.  In line with the plan you outlined there, I would like to bring your attention (and hopefully your ire) to Comcast's recently announced "Stream TV". "Stream TV" is Comcast's IP TV service, and they have recently confirmed to the media that it will not count against Comcast's data caps. By definition, this is information not being treated equally, and is directly against the tenets of Net Neutrality. Please take action by ensuring that all IP TV sent over Comcast's network does not count against any providers data caps. This is the best way to encourage and foster innovation and opportunity.

Thanks

{{Name}}
I don't understand why this isn't an anti-trust lawsuit ripe and ready for the filing. They are leveraging one part of their business to force you to use another part of their business. Since many areas don't have competitive choice over their ISP, you're forced to use their streaming service and avoid Netflix so you don't bust through the data cap and pay overages. They can't force Netflix to pay them or force you to pay more for Netflix, so instead they're just going to set a data cap make THEIR streaming service not subject to that cap. This is how they'll bypass net neutrality on their network. By making you pay extra to stream from non-Comcast sources.
Since it's still over IP, doesn't that put Stream in violation of the new common carrier rules? Considering Comcast is using top-level domains, saying they're using their network and not the rest of the Internet is making a distinction without a difference.  
Seriously, if you all want to see what will happen in the future with this look at Canada. Our version of Comcast put in data caps years ago, their TV service is all digital now (Analog channels are dead) and they are using their size and existing TV contracts to create a new competitor to Netflix with popular shows now exclusive to their service. Additionally, this network competitor doesn't count towards your cap when played back via your Digital Cable box, but if you stream it via your computer it does. 

It is at the point now where our major cable providers are trying to introduce their own Netflix competitors while locking in as much exclusive content as they can, so instead of having cable with a bunch of packages and channels you now need Netflix, Shomi and Crave TV.

Bloody rip off. 
ELI5 - How is this not just a really small 'traditional cable' package? Don't the more common 250ish channel packages require just as much bandwidth over the coax cables?
How has the government not pulled a Ma Bell on Comcast yet?

Seriously, what the hell is taking them so long?
Can someone with a law degree explain how the fuck this this service doesn't not violate anti-trust laws. 
So if you host a service or share a file from inside comcast's network and guarantee it doesn't leave their network, is that exempt too?
They're pushing too far; they're already in anti-competitive waters, it's only a matter of time before the Justice Department starts taking complaints of antitrust violations seriously.
Not sure comparing an ISP to a Cell Phone provider makes a ton of sense. 
I really don't understand what the problem is with this. Can someone please ELI5 it for me?
This may be a naive thing to say but if the US thinks Comcast is the spawn of Satan (which I also think) why don't we donate/throw money at other smaller ISPs to expand their area coverage? I'm sure the logistics of coverage expansion is expensive and time consuming but anything is better than giving my money to mecha-Hitler. 
The article says T-Mobile is offering a Streaming Video Service.

Why do we let people like this, and editors like this, write anything?
I like how the title posed a question, and then answered it for me.  I'm all for net neutrality, but acticles like this just make it look like some cheap manufactured outrage.
This is not hard to understand, people. In a word: capitalism. 

When Comcast can make fortunes off segregating and controlling what gets sent on their networks, they'll buy all the politicians if need be to make the laws work for them. There are billions at stake; the Comcast ownership and execs would rape-murder their own mothers for money like that. Pissing all over net neutrality and what's good for the people and the Internet doesn't even register.
From the article:
&gt;We already knew that Comcast’s new service didn’t count against its data caps, but the devil is in the details. “Stream TV is a cable streaming service delivered over Comcast’s cable system, not over the Internet.” In other words, Stream TV is an IP TV service, but it’s delivered over the same managed network as Comcast’s standard TV service rather than over the Internet.

[From a more technical article](http://www.broadcastingcable.com/when-iptv-isn-t-ott-comcast-s-dilemma/146060):
&gt;But Stream TV is not an OTT service, Comcast has insisted. That’s because it is delivered over separately provisioned bandwidth, and because the IP traffic it generates does not intermix with the traffic and bandwidth set aside for Comcast’s public high-speed Internet products.

So, they're using a separate IP network over the DOCSIS infrastructure to deliver a streaming service that is neither CATV, nor "Internet"
[Back on the 20th](http://bgr.com/2015/11/20/comcast-internet-deals-net-neutrality-t-mobile/) they had an article that implied that TMobile's plan for 20+(theirs plus 20+ others) services to not count against data caps was worse than Comcast's plan of 1(their own) service not counting against the cap.  
  
And now TMobile is the "lesser of two evils"?  
Make up your mind
If this doesn't make it clear that Cumcast owns the FCC, I don't know what will.


Wonder how many people are going to condemn this because it's Comcast then praise T-Mobile for doing what they're doing.
ITT: People who don't understand how the internet works.
One of my best friends just cancelled Comcast and swapped to T-Mobile. Apparently he has a hotspot for unlimited TV via Netflix and such, not sure how that will work out.... Time will tell.
&gt;The obvious initial issue here is that Comcast is giving itself an unfair advantage in the streaming TV market

How on **earth** is this not antitrust???
To anyone who thinks people oppose this because they don't like spending money;

How would you take it if you found out you'd have to take another way to work, because the toll road you're using to get to work, was owned by some dude who, because people had found a way to use one of his toll booths to bypass another, re-routed the roads so that if you bypassed his tolls, it took twice as long and you ended up having to go back through the original again?

The internet is a utility, just because you like the idea that "the best man wins" and "everything is a business" doesn't change the fact that people now depend on the service to function at a basic capacity, and you're totally fine with a private company going the full mile to make sure there's *no way around* paying them an unregulated premium for something that people HAVE to use. 

From the comments;

&gt;Great point. Someone is mad about the internet in an era where we can:

&gt;1) Get pretty much any information we need from a calculator sized object that's in our pocket at any time.

Using the INTERNET

&gt;2) Can have a job where you sit in front of a computer in an air conditioned office all day compared to doing manual labor in horrible conditions.

Using the INTERNET

&gt;3) Can reasonably travel anywhere in the world in less than a day.

Because of the INTERNET

&gt;Dude just takes all the positives in his life for granted because of one annoying problem. Yes, you're allowed to complain, but you should also be forced to get some perspective.

&gt;I mean hell, in this day and age even many poor people have iPhones, televisions, and internet.

Yes they do! And they use them for porn and youtube...*and also to apply for jobs and check their schedules and get information about the world,* just like people have municipal water, or should we tell them to pay more because they use it to brownies instead of just for washing their asses?
This is nearly exactly what I've been telling everyone Comcast would do since they announced they would be rolling out their enforced data caps. Since T-Mobile chose to waive their caps for preferred streaming services. Since the new FCC rulings didn't include data caps.

Often people would hand wave, down vote, claim that this type of thing isn't against what net neutrality is, or whatever other bullshit.

This is probably the one thing, the one subject where I feel I know a thing or two about it. At least enough to talk about it and even predict what is going to happen a bit. 

It's both amazing and frustrating to see others hand wave about like you couldn't see this shit coming a mile away.
&gt;Stream TV is a cable streaming service delivered over Comcast’s cable system, not over the Internet.

You're telling me it gets from the studio to the network to comcast to customers without ever going over the internet?  Bullshit.  It doesn't matter if it festers on comcast's servers for weeks, it's still the internet no matter how much you fuck up the last hop.  
How is this anything more than a cheap cable service with on demand?  The caps are clearly a way to hurt other streaming services but they already offer cable with on demand so how is this different. 
We shouldn't even need a new law or FCC regulation for this. Comcast is using monopoly power to raise the barrier of entry for competitors and is colluding with, well, itself, to reduce competition. The FTC should be all over this. 
Could we, please, avoid those clickbait headlines on /r/technology..? 
 &gt; offers a ... bundle of TV channels to users ... For $.. per month

It's the same old snake oil, now with an even brighter ["series of tubes."](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Series_of_tubes)
It'll be weird being old and telling tales of the "wild west" days of the Internet. 
I love regression.
Would this be an example of vertical integration?
"users get access to standard live TV content from ABC, CBS, CW, FOX, NBC, PBS, Univision, and HBO"

I have a $10 rabbit ear antenna. I get free HD access to live TV from Fox, NBC, ABC, CBS, PBS, KDFI My27, CW, Texas47, and MundoMax, and many of these have "B" and "C" stations like NBC 5-3.

Is the only difference between Comcast streamtv and OTA antenna the HBO content? So basically it is HBO Now juiced up with a few local channels delivered via cable?
Honestly, Comcast's Xfinity On Demand has been freezing up and acting wonky on my TV lately, so the quality of streaming to my TV has gotten worse.
Fuck Comcast, everyone support your local fiber optics companies. I was just on the phone with comcast for 1.5 hours.

In February, we signed up for comcast, after getting our appointment date, we decided to wait until the comcast person showed up to do anything for that said day. The time slot was 12-3 p.m. I'm not sexest just to be clear, but this lady who looked like a homeless person shows up at 6!! She said she was sorry and told us she would credit me a free month for being late. Then it gets worse, half way through she informs me that she doesn't have the necessary parts. She then leaves and comes back and appears to be done with the install. The next day, she's back at my apartment. Our internet stopped working. So fast forward to November, my girlfriend takes out comcast box into there service building for them to replace it, and the lady at the counter informed us that we have had the wrong modem for the past ten months. So far nothing from either CSR I have asked to talk to a supervisor. Till then, I'm waiting for that person to call. 

Sincerely,
 
Really pissed off person(because of comcast) 

As much as I hate Comcast, I don't see how different this is from having regular Cable TV. It's already delivered over the same wire, and doesn't count against your internet usage. Now it's simply happening with IP packets instead of the other parts of the wired spectrum on the coax cable.  

If I were a company who provided both Internet and Cable service, it would be really efficient to just make everything travel over the IP network instead of maintaining two sets of equipment that manage two parts of the spectrum over the same cable.  

Is the problem that this TV service streaming and on-demand? Because true, that's not a direct replacement for Cable TV which is broadcast-only. It's actually better, and therefore does (unfairly) compete with third-party streaming services like Netflix and such.  

If this service was just the SAME channels in broadcast-only format, but delievered as IP packets, would this be as big of a fuss?
You can safely assume anything out of Comcast is engineered to royally fuck customers. Any assumption otherwise is naive. 
I was so glad not having to deal comcast. Now I'm moving and they're the only provider in that area. :(
I wonder, considering how much companies like Comcast spend lobbying the government against Net Neutrality, do you think they spend an equal amount of time and money lobbying *us?*  I hate to be the guy that calls everyone a shill, but I just have to wonder how many of the people that say things like "fighting for Net Neutrality is for whiny hipsters who don't understand what it means" simply came to that conclusion on their own, and how many are being pushed to say that?
How are these people not in jail?
Comcast are domestic terrorists.
They're the worst. I'll vote for any candidate who says they'll require Comcast to play fair. 

The problem is, Comcast is in bed with any politician, and that nothing is going to get done about that cunt, Comcast 
Can someone explain the issue of data not counting towards your cap being an actual problem?
Granted, I fully understand how the streaming of a cable service in this fashion is a problem.
But over here in Australia, the big names, starting with Telstra have had this for years, and we have actually come to expect no less than this from any major carrier.

If we have a Telstra and Foxtel Internet and Cable TV bundle, any movie we download to watch on demand through Foxtel doesn't count towards our data cap.  The same goes for any music downloaded off Telstra'a BigPond music service.

Optus does the same thing with their cable TV system.

Has it caused anyone any sort of unfair advantage? No.

Have the smaller companies been run out of business? No. In fact they are stronger than ever.
I'm a little confused on this.  Since it's not actually delivering the content over the internet, wouldn't this now be more akin to Comcast offering an "ala cart" cable service rather than a streaming service?

You would only be able to access it at your point of use cable connection, so it's not really competing with Netflix, Hulu, Amazon, etc. at all, right?
How long before another streaming service sues?  I can't wait!
yankee bitching thread 1/12/2015
I can't fucking wait for Google fiber to arrive.
I always wonder with everything you hear about comcast almost daily why doesn't someone open up a like 10 billion dollar Kickstarter to compete or something?
Comcast is the first among cable providers to move to an IPTV-based system. This system is more efficient than the current QAM-based system and allows for more on-demand streaming and PPV. IPTV does not mean TV over the internet in this case, but TV delivered on a *private* network using the IP protocol. 

The reason it doesn't count against caps is because the distribution is all within Comcast's "internal" cable network, which is cheap, whereas their fiber uplinks to external providers, like Netflix, is expensive. 

Long term, yes, it means Netflix, etc. will have a tough time competing with Comcast's service. *But that was inevitable.*
This is physics and just how cable networks work. 

It's worth noting that Google Fiber TV and AT&amp;T's U-Verse TV work *exactly* the same way, but nobody's complaining about them because for some reason only Comcast is bad. 

The main thing keeping Comcast from rolling this out more widely is municipal cable franchise agreements that require them to maintain QAM service for years to come. This is the big reason they are lobbying Congress to make franchise agreements national. 

BTW, Cox, Time Warner, and other cable companies are adopting Comcast's technology.
Would people against this also be against some sort of dedicated VOD device that only provides internet to it's service? Like maybe an Amazon fire tablet with internet that only streams Amazon video while not on wifi or a mp3 player with 3g. Seems a bit extreme to me that a company couldn't eat up some data charges on the basis that they'll still make money off the majority of those that use the service less.
This thread is dumb
why is comcast so evil
I'm glad that in Canada our commission was smart enough to block this exact type of net neutrality breach, and our courts wise enough to affirm it.

http://www.theglobeandmail.com/report-on-business/bell-denied-right-to-exempt-mobile-tv-customers-from-data-cap/article23581892/
Literally on the phone with Comcast so I can cancel my account. My bill just went from $29.99 (oct) to $37.99 (nov) and now is $49.99 (dec).

One agent said that they'll give me 200 channels and HBO/Stream TV for the same price. I told them that I would have to discuss that with someone.

Called back (just now) and they are saying that it wasn't 200 channels, but the local channels (which are free over antenna) and Stream TV (don't know how we'll be getting Stream TV to our television...).

Told them we'll cancel.

Got transferred to cancellation department and guy offers me extended promotion of $29.99 for another year! 

... He forgot to hang up... "oh no... $29.99... oh no..."

I'll see if the bill changes in "48 hours" like he said. :|
Fuck Comcast.
Hasn't AT&amp;T been doing exactly this for years, with their U-Verse service?
Its actually sad to see that these companies don't understand why cord-cutting is become so popular. 

It's not about not paying for cable and getting things from the internet. It's about watching what you want, where you want to, when you want to. The idea of internet TV is flawed in that it is still live TV just streamed over the internet rather than broadcasted over the old media and still has all the downsides that are attributed to cable tv. (I have the same concern with sling tv as well)

Their customers are fighting then notions of "prime time" that one concept that has caused tv show success to be based of the raitings for people who sit on their couch from 7PM to 9PM every day. 

Instead of embarrassing the new market, that allows shows to succeed that would have otherwise failed, they are fighting tooth and nail to stick to their per-defined schedules. 

Also, comcast's plans don't seem to allow someone to take advantage of the service from outside their homes. 
Comcast is Satan, that is all.
I've almost become desensitized to the "Comcast is satan" hype. I hear about their scummy practices so often that it has become background noise. 
"We can't handle all of this bandwidth usage we must redefine what net nuetrality is, and we will give you an extra 50mbs".

Sad thing to think about but when they bought up all a huge chunk of Time Warner (which includes the entire Houston and Harris County Texas area), and then took on all of the customers. (while not letting go of the new facilities, and employees and equipment) that is exactly what they did.

They set Houston's monthly limit to 250 gigs (and it is still that way) but golly they gave us a whopping 1mbs in trade. and it stayed that way for another 7 years.

Now the speeds are so fast, that 250 gigs a month which seem unreachable happens now at an alarming rate.

Pretty sure their streaming garbage will be 4k def and about 50 gigs a video.

I hate Comcast, worst company ever. I hope everyone cuts their cord. 
Wait, isn't Google Fiber going to come and kick everyone's asses anyway?  This just sounds like Comcast desperately trying to seem relevant for another year.
Registered is such a fuzzy term. Am I allowed to register my own service? These are not the bright line rules we were promised.
As long as we're making the same argument against T-Mobile, I'm good. I'm also against zero rating.
So if you would like to take advantage of a newer way to stifle competition from other cable-cutting video providers.
It's as if for comcast, it isn't because its actually difficult to test.
Its hard telling a customer they have to be your sole source of video, as that's their primary income source, not internet.
Always sad when the plumber wants to step up into the liquids business and compete with the other commodities suppliers.

Comcast, stick to plumbing. If you don't like it, then let someone else do it. But don't fucking think that you're something else.
That's now 17 companies to contact, and 17 different sets of standards in order to do so.
 &gt; In other words, Stream TV is an IP TV service, but it’s delivered over the same managed network as Comcast’s standard TV service rather than over the Internet.

Anybody else read this the first time and read,  "same *mangled network*"? 
One coax cable brings TV, Internet, and Phone into the home. How can TV and Phone not count as part of the overall data usage?
/r/overlydramatictitles
The monopoly is fucking us? Lets all band together and say shame on you!
Ugh. Comcast is the Emperor Palpatine of cable subscriptions 
Is Tom Wheeler gonna have to choke a bitch?
Meanwhile in Australia...
They will just argue that their digital cable boxes were already streaming over a closed IP network and that Stream TV just replaces the cable box with software.
I don't like this, but I have to disagree with the article's conclusion that this is worse than t-mobile.  T-mobile is creating a pay to play version of the Internet (content providers partner with t mobile so subscribers can avoid data caps).  Comcast is delivering live and on demand video content over their own network.  If they called it basic cable, no one would bat an eye.  I am increasingly of the opinion that the only way forward here is to regulate the country's IP infrastructure the same way the phone system is...then other ISPs could offer meaningful competition.
 Isn't arguing against this like saying a cable TV company can not deliver TV over it's cable? 
Don't hate the player hate the game. Hate the municipalities which grant monopolies to cable companies and even more-so, hate the state governments that ban municipalities from setting them competing fiber internet initiatives.
This seems like making a big hooplah out of nothing. Maybe I dont understand it completely. But at the end of the day its a company that is the same as any other shareholder owned company. It exploits its advantages to profit...this is business. 

Can someone help me understand from a different objective viewpoint share why this is bad.
COMCAST is evil corp.
When the Net Neutrality rules were passed the FCC also said they were going to work on rules for Internet TV. I warned then and will say it again - they only partially protected internet freedoms. The big media companies fully plan on owning broadband internet access and the ability to distribute shows across them. (ATT UVERSE + DirecTV and now Comcast + NBC Universal + Stream TV).

If the FCC passes separate rules for "Internet TV" we'll see massive consolidation in video and internet services, reduction in content quality, and the death of Net Neutrality.


So we bitch about Comcast and the data caps, so they come out with something to alleviate that and people still complain. now you're saying it's unfair to other companies. Its healthy competition and the consumer will have choices.  Can't have it both ways, first world. I hate Comcast just as the next guy does but in my area it's the only choice so I've learned to accept it.
So do they charge you for their StreamTV service and then again for going over your monthly 300GB data limit?

Without the first idea of what this service is, I'm guess this is the way it works.
Know what else is bad for net neutrality?  Google becoming the only ISP on earth... but that won't stop you morons from begging for it.
One of the major reasons I can't take the Republican party seriously, other than simply disagreeing with them, is that they demonize anybody who doesn't agree with them 100%. Any entity that makes a step in the direction opposite their goals is immediately the worst possible person/group/thing that has ever walked the face of the earth. 

This author is doing that with net neutrality. Regardless of the fact that T-Mobile's service is actually extremely beneficial to everybody involved, it has some of the words that net neutrality advocates don't like, so this guy keeps writing articles demonizing T-Mobile for it. This is an article about Comcast, why is he taking jabs at T-Mobile?
It sure [looks like](http://corporate.comcast.com/comcast-voices/a-new-streaming-tv-service-from-comcast) this is being delivered on top of the Internet service Comcast already provides. It does not look like an updated replacement for old TV service going to a set top box. This is video packets sent along with every other type of data (web, email, etc).

Content is streamed from servers inside Comcast, but I don't see how that matters. That content could be delivered from the content producers via the Internet, over the air broadcast, from a satellite or shipped in a truck on blu-ray discs. We don't care how it got to the servers, and that shouldn't be an excuse for breaking net neutrality.

&gt; No, Stream TV is a cable streaming service delivered over Comcast’s cable system, not over the Internet.

The Internet isn't some box in some basement IT office. It's Comcast's IP network, and mine, and yours and thousands of others all connected together. That link from Comcast to their customer's home is part of the Internet.
FML. I'm getting ready to move to a place where Comcast is my only option. I don't want them but it looks like I'll have no choice. This sucks. 
Why would anyone be surprised by any of the cunty behavior exhibited by cuntcast?
I for one would welcome BBS's &amp; dial-up modems back into daily life. 
So according to the article, Comcast is skirting net neutrality rules by not having the streaming service use the internet.


If that's the case, how is it different from the on demand TV that virtually every cable provider offers?
Why not just get satellite for tv? No stupid data caps.
Dear Comcast, we already have the cable model, and it sucks. No thanks.
Except for HBO, those channels are all available over the air, in HD, for free.

Is their business model "People Who Don't Know This"?
Just buy a freaking antenna. You get digital HD channels for FREE forever. All the ones that will be provided for 15 dollars a month from this company... which is literally like Saudi Arabia.
[If you think it is worth complaining here for karma, please complain to the FCC where someone that can do something will hear you](https://consumercomplaints.fcc.gov/hc/en-us)
Me, a Cox customer, to Comcast customers: "You have no power!"
Clickbait title much?
Seriously, what is the problem with this? Comcast is offering different services to keep up with the changing market. 

Theybare so close to a 15 dollars package where i can pick what channels I want per month. This would be great. 
Here's the fallacy of r/technology, and I'm fully prepared for negative interweb points.  It's(Stream TV) literally no different from Comcast's current Internet Plus package, sans a cable box(afaik).  It's a renamed product tailored to the consumer that labels themselves a 'cord cutter'.  BGR and other mindless drones can try to connect the dots to net neutrality but it's literally the same thing that has been available with Comcast under a different name.   It's not free, it's live TV content that is broadcast outside the same spectrum of Internet frequencies and the OnDemand, doesn't count against your 'cap' which is a good thing, you're not closer to hitting it if you use it.
&gt;It might seem harmless enough, but we can now see that Comcast is exploring — and finding — new ways to deliver services that get around the FCC’s net neutrality guidelines in ways the company’s rivals cannot compete with and will not ever be able to compete with. 

So then get rid of net neutrality. It's clearly anti-competition.
This was always going to happen.  Reddit, this sub in particular, filled with naive and ignorant fools who have no idea how the real world works rampaging across the internet demanding FCC enforced net neutrality.  What did you think was going to happen?  You didn't think.

You should have been fighting monopolies.
I hate to say it, but I really don't mind if they're delivering the service the same way that TV is delivered, especially if this means no buffering. It also sounds like the service won't work outside of Comcast's network.

I'm far from a fan of Comcast, but this doesn't really seem like abuse as much as it does clickbait. 
Hm, for $15 a month, this seems like a great deal, if it includes the on demand stuff from other cable networks too. Of course it isn't going to count against data caps, it's a Comcast sponsored service. I don't see what all the outrage is. 
Nice means more competition and better stride for more innovation.
"We're viewing it as a smart phone."  Hopefully it'll last more than 2 years and not need updates every week to keep from exploding.
I stopped reading at this: “Our business model is not based around moving a car out of the dealer,” Sampson said. “We envision this like a smart phone. The revenue starts once you get the device in the owners’ hands. We’re looking at subscriptions and apps and other opportunities.”

Good luck with that.
&gt; “We envision this like a smart phone. The revenue starts once you get the device in the owners’ hands. We’re looking at subscriptions and apps and other opportunities.”

Well, that right there pretty much cured me of any interest whatsoever in their final product.

&gt; One reason the start-up is being hailed as a worthy opponent is Faraday's aggressive poaching of current and former Musk engineers.

Can we not call it poaching when companies are compelled to pay competitive market rates for talent?
Should have been called Edison.
That backer is going to be a millionaire!
"Car as a smartphone" - ugh.  He's got Elon's speaking style down.  If I want app's in my car, I'll take my phone with me.  Cars are for driving.
Everything about this screams bizarro-Tesla. Web start up billionaire using money to launch a car company, company named after historical scientist. I believe even some of their early business moves even mirror those of Tesla. Let's hope they deliver a solid product and give Tesla a run for their money.
As far as I know Elons objective was to force companies to switch to electric cars, this probably just makes him happy.
This is awesome news. It's pretty weird to type, but Elon Musk is probably happy about this. 
Wow, that Chinese billionaire is sure good at copying Americans. 
Wait they're literally called Faraday? And are renovating a defunct auto plant in California? And looking to build a battery plant in Nevada? I've heard of ripoff products but not ripoff corporate history..
Elon's entire mission in life is to find stagnant markets and shake them up to induce progress. This is mission accomplished.
Faraday and Tesla... That's awesome. 
A Chinese company based out of LA? Sounds pretty American to me. 
"We're viewing it as a smart phone."

Run, run very far, very fast.  want some malware on your car?  want businesses to be able to track your movement, even playing ads if your within 5 miles?  this opens the door to some next level big brother.  

This will fail spectacularly, for the same reason american's distrust driverless cars.  We want to be in control and its nobody's business where i go with my privately owned vehicle.
This is how Intel started.  We went from a vacuum sealed capacitor to the processor, then to the micro processor. It started with people leaving their parent companies and creating something new after realizing the parent companies were failing to adapt with new technologies and ways of thinking.
Well, Musk notoriously treats his well-paid employees like tireless robot crap. Musk losing employees to a competitor promising better work culture wouldn't have to poach with much effort. 
And that's why every single hi-tech company tries to force you to sign non-compete agreement before hiring you....
It's already as if you treat your employees like shit, it may come back to bite you in the ass
I thought Tesla WAS the billionaire backed competition.
Fuck yeah there's room for competition. 

I love what Tesla has done for technology and automobiles. Groundbreaking stuff. But competition and innovation are what drives us forward. 

I welcome any rich dude that wants to put a dent into the mainstream automaker market with an innovative and capable product. 
I've heard some rumblings from a former Tesla engineer. Tales of being overworked, underpaid, and ideas only allowed from higher-ups.
Hey,  if they can output a good electric car for less than what Tesla has currently I'm all for it.  Tesla's cars look great, but their a $100,000+ car in my country,  if these guys can put out something that's actually a lot more affordable like a nice $20,000 electric car,  and market it right their pretty much going to own the market. 
Now all he has to do is build a car. 

Then another. 

Then 5,000 more.
People keep posting these articles like it's a bad thing
Good! I hope a hundred of these companies with ideas with major electrical and mechanical engineering improvements spring up the same as tesla has! We need more people with creative minds looking into the possibilities of huge improvements to the world. More companies mean broader focuses, which means I'm one step closer to becoming a Light saber wielding Marty mcfly! 
&gt; *We're viewing it as a smartphone.*

Battery will last no more than 40 hours without a recharge?

Needs to be replaced after 1.5 years after defects force a recall? 

Causes an increase traffic accidents due to driver distraction? 



Which braindead idiot decided to use such a pathetic analogy? 
Elon has repeatedly stated he hopes more companies get into direct competition with him so he can eventually leave the market once it's mostly electric. I bet he's thrilled if he didn't plan this himself. 
Overall I think Elon would be glad over this. If his goal is to change what cars are and do, a competitor will only help that. It will encourage more and more companies to create underlying pieces needed for the new vision of a vehicle, forcing traditional auto makers to do and adopt it even faster or be left behind. 
The Chevy Bolt comes out in ~2017 for 30k with 200 mile range. Telsla and this startup are DOA if they don't get the prices down by this time. Tesla is burning so much cash, it's scary. 
&gt; “We envision this like a smart phone. The revenue starts once you get the device in the owners’ hands. We’re looking at subscriptions and apps and other opportunities.” 

WTF !

A loathsome idea for a car.
Keep your friends close, and your engineers closer.
Come on China, you even knock off the "named after an inventor" schtick? Geez.
A salable model by 2017 is extremely aggressive, established manufactures take 2 to 3 years to prepare for major model changes, and they have established lines.  
So... are they looking for interns?
At first I was concerned that the new company would start to hurt Tesla's profits, then I read their business model. So, their cars will basically operate on the same business model as smartphones; microtransactions and all. Got it. I'll stick with Tesla, thanks.
Competition is good.
I would rather have a blood thirsty adversary working alongside me against the old guard, than to go about revolution alone.  If you're going to do it, go big.
I applaud the competition, but Tesla has a one hell of a good head start.  I think this is a company setup not so much for a serious product, but for one of the big three to acquire to stay ahead. 
The car business is a tough business to get into. What Tesla did is quite amazing, I just don't see lightning striking twice and another new competitor being successful. Fisker made an awesome car, but could not stay in business and had to file bankruptcy and restructure. I wouldn't count on these guys pulling it off. 
Because this competition is somehow more daunting than the major car companies?
But where did this company come from? Might it be oil companies trying to slow Tesla by taking their engineer's? The world may never know...
Most likely they just have another company to work with on huge joint projects, awesome.
Maybe this will make Elon start a project and actually finish a project.  Probably not though.
"Is there room enough..." , such a stupid way to start the article. No, there is no room. Tesla would like to serve the worldwide car market alone...m /s
Like others are commenting, what Elon wanted. He's not serving the market outside EEUU, if someone lifts the hassle to expand so far, it's better for Tesla
'Keep Summer safe. For only $1.99'
Fuck, I knew about this and totally could have insider traded.  Darn
&gt; The revenue starts once you get the device in the owners’ hands. We’re looking at subscriptions and apps and other opportunities.” 

I hate this trend.  You can't just buy anything outright anymore, everything is subscription based so you end up paying again and again rather than owning the item outright.
I feel the headline is using the words "competitor" and "Staffed" quite loosely. This competitor is really a few engineers and a pile of investor cash. They *could* someday be a competitor in a decades time when they have a product, a factory, and suppliers. Until they approach those things, they really wont be competing with Tesla. Also factor in that Tesla is diversifying into battery production and development. 10 will get you 20 that if this start up ever comes to market with a car, it'll prolly be powered by a Tesla battery.
OH NO GUYS!!!! Elon's dream of bringing renewable energy to the world and forcing a change in the automotive market has worked out perfectly!!! DAM THE COMPETITION!!
[deleted]
&gt;Faraday Future

Damn that's a nice name.
Don't believe all the hype. I've been in the Faraday facilities repeatedly.  Lots of rumours about stuff done under the table, or done half-assed on the cheap in stereotypical Chinese fashion.  Further rumours about passport manipulation for "employees".  Allegedly They are playing fast &amp; loose with the rules here in California as happens China. We'll see how much of that comes to see the light of day.
Well didn't Tesla release a bunch of patents so this would happen? 
This is good, more competition! This is what Tesla was made for to start new tech and spread electric cars.
Meh. Either it'll provide genuine competition, or the management will fuck something up and it'll always be a wannabe.
Won't work.  This is a 'nickle and dime' model.  People don't like that.
Competition! Yes!
Tesla are premium and innovators. 

This is going to end as well for cheap imitators as it has for all the other Chinese mobile phone and car brands. 
Perfect its what Musk wanted- and they can use his tech as he opened the patents.
Good.  Very very good . I'm always glad to see competition in a market . 
We need more electric cars manufactured, Tesla cannot produce enough. This is good news. I doubt however that anyone can match Elon Musks combination of style, vision an innovation.
it would be so perfect if they fail so musk can say, there's a reason why they got fired.
Competition is good. Also his real competitive threats in order of difficulty level are:
State Governments
Established manufacturers
Unions
Permanently low oil prices
Too bad that competitor couldn't have a name like Ford or Chrysler.
Thats what happens when Ellon Musk treats his engineers like condoms....
I mean is he not a billionaire too?
Apple wants in on the car thing? Oh, I can see it now...the iSedan and the iCoupe.....unnngh, *cringe* 
i cant wait for someone to start a electric car company called "Volta" after Alessandro Volta 

i bet those would sell in the single digits in Scandinavia
Better the devil you know.

Faraday Future sounds like a corporation in a Bioshock game
Tesla has a comfortable lead both in tech and in mindshare in the world. When people think high-performance high-quality EV, they pretty much think Tesla.

That said, they haven't really invented anything earth-shattering, they just took existing tech and saw a good way to package that - as a luxury high quality product that would be desirable. There's no guarantee they'll manage to become the pre-eminent auto maker of the future or anything. If someone else comes along and does what they do but do it better they can still lose.
"Thomas Edison Enterprises"
This is why businesses should strive to keep their employees happy. 
its one thing to be backed by someone worth a billion. doesnt mean they will get a billion invested. Tesla the company is worth a Billion by itself. 
So, Elon's plan is working after all? Wasn't his hopes as Tesla CEO, to have competition like this?
CA no non competes ! That's why we're the top state for tech 
For how brilliant Elon Musk he's kind of an asshole. It only makes sense that people will take his good ideas and then work on them elsewhere. 
I wonder if we're going to end up with an Apple VS Android type of dynamic out of this. I.E., Tesla is the Android equivalent with an open business model, and this competitor the Apple of the electric car world...
Excellent. Competition is very good and exactly what Musk wanted when he released his patent portfolio! Hopefully this is the first of many.
Good news for consumers
Pretty much seals the deal, then.  Competition is good for business.
How can it be a competitor when it doesn't even have cars for sale? 
Its a well known fact in the STEM community that Elon's management style and the hours he expects his engineers/technicians to work are not very popular. 80 hours a week is not uncommon, and he refuses to hire more staff while expecting improved productivity. 
gonna be chinese garbage imo
my garage is already full of broken Chinese tech..
That's the free market for you.  
His rejected engineers.
So, this guy's making a luxury electric car ONLY. While Musk has always had plans for an every-man electric car.

Supposed Apple involvement, BMW and Ferrari designers, apps and subscriptions. And he doesn't expect demand to be high at all. This is going to be a luxury car company making only a few cars for those that can afford it.

Tesla is trying to be an affordable electric car company that anyone can purchase. Only that mindset is going to make any significant changes in society's reliance on fossil fuels.
Good. Elon Musk is a dick. I'd like someone to put him in his place at his own game. 
Well,  tesla DID give away their patents for free
They HAVE to name their car company Edison
Tesla is all hype and will be bankrupt in 5 years. 
yeah, that's cute.  Where's the competitor's cars?  What's their revenue?  oh... like negligible.  Or only in China.  nvm then.  
If they do what Tesla made impossible for itself - a hybrid,but more electrical than gasoline,think of the i3,but with some 3-4 banger turbo instead of the frunk,they'd be rolling in cash.
This sounds like an excerpt from a sci-fi novel. 
do I start stocking up?
[deleted]
I'd worry more about Apple's car.  They will have more depth and breadth (money/smarts).  http://www.cnbc.com/2015/09/21/apple-speeds-up-electric-car-effort-sees-2019-shipments-dj-citing-sources.html

Jesus these company names are right out of scifi video games.

Tesla?

Faraday futures?

Can't wait to see what weyland yutani throws into the mix...
I love that Tesla became famous for underpaying its top engineers and then lost them.

I love the idea of Tesla but the reality of the place is a bit more gritty.
Any automotive business plan that say "we're looking at it more like a smartphone" fails to appreciate the car its trying to build. Cars are an order of magnitude more complex than smartphones.

That being said, it sounds like marketing buzz because car sharing is nothing like smartphones. You don't share hardware with a phone.

Also, Apple makes plenty of money off their hardware, and companies like Samsung only make money off the hardware realistically. And assumingly they're still going to try to sell the vehicle for market value. You may be able to cut a hundred dollars off the price, but unless you're cutting $1000 off the price its going to be hard for the consumer to notice. And it's going to be difficult to make that money back through "apps". Also I have no clue what apps people are going to pay for in their car. That's not saying it can't be done, I mean it just takes the right creative mind to find that killer app.

I don't know, there's just a lot of red flags from that statement. Remember, Tesla was essentially "We're going to make good electric cars". Challenging enough as it is, but reasonable. And auto is very difficult. Tesla was on the brink, and while it's doing alright now, it's still not in the most comfortable position (although it looks to be trending that way).

This all being said, best of luck. Nothing wrong with another competitor. I'm just not holding my breath.
How many engineers hardly matters versus how many patents held. 
This is an outlandish thought that has just struck me, but has anyone else had this growing idea of Elon Musk as the 3rd coming?
Yet another Chinese knock-off...
Competitor?  More like a tag-a-long wannabe.

And the company is called Faraday?  That's just petty.
If self-driving cars eventually become the norm then it's just a matter of time before they can be accelerated to drive as fast as possible and still avoid hitting anything. Now *that* would be good.
As a Canadian, they need to be able to drive in snow and ice where the road lines aren't visible, and on side roads that aren't properly mapped at all/ that google maps doesn't even think exists.
I can't wait until all the cars are driving themselves. I love the thought of a shitty reckless driver fuming in their car because it's driving them around safely.
I just want a self-driving car so I can get an extra moment to snooze on my morning commute :) 
Cool and all, but seriously, can Google car navigate in [this kind of situation ?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iEIk3RpV6RA)
My dad drove over a million miles and only got in 3 minor accidents none of which were his fault. 
Statistics are more meaningful when there's something to compare it to.  Is having 12 minor accidents per 1 million miles a lot or a little, when we compare the study group (autonomous vehicles) to the control group (human drivers)? 

First, we go to NHTSA for some data : http://www-nrd.nhtsa.dot.gov/Pubs/812032.pdf

Here it says, in 2012, in the U.S., there were 3 trillion vehicle-miles driven, and 5.6 million accidents reported to the police.    

That comes out to 1.86 accidents per million miles.

So, let's look at the hypothesis that "Google self-driven cars are no more or less safe than self-driven cars".  

In other words, a bunch of average American driver racking up a total of a  million miles is "expected" to be involved in about 2 accidents.  This is not much different from Google.

Somebody taking a statistics class can fill in the details.
I recall this short HFY story I read once, where an alien was horrified that humans had been using vehicles of any kind and been handling the driving themselves, rather than making a much safer autonomous vehicle to reduce accidents.
I feel like a lot of the wrecks are caused by what is commonly referred to as "Rubber Necking" because those cars a splattered with Google logos and and easy to spot, and people are easily distracted.


*Oh, look, one of those self-driv...***CRASH**

Edit: This is entirely our fault still, not the car's, before anyone thinks that's what I'm getting at.
Must watch : [How self driving cars see the world](https://youtu.be/tiwVMrTLUWg) 
Can they drive in the rain yet?
I'm sure the other drivers reported that none of the accidents were caused by their cars too.
Slowpoke.jpg
Driving in L.A., there's always a barrage of construction either on the streets or on the freeway. Sometimes this involves re-painting the lane dividers, but there's been a few occasions where the lines on the street were so poorly erased or re-painted it was practically impossible to tell which one was the correct lane. Don't these cars base their lanes on these lines? What about rainy days with sun glare reflecting on the wet streets were seeing these lines is also impossible?
If I was driving no faster than 25 miles per hour for "safety reasons" for a million miles my record probably would be excellent too.

Adding:
My comment was based on this quote from another article:
"In a Google Plus post, the Google Self-Driving Car Project pled guilty to slow driving.
"We've capped the speed of our prototype vehicles at 25 mph for safety reasons," the post said. "
from http://www.cnn.com/2015/11/13/us/google-self-driving-car-pulled-over/

But I also found this clarification today and very likely there are OTHER (likely faster) google car models than the one I know and have seen: https://www.reddit.com/r/SelfDrivingCars/comments/3slwxe/a_policeman_pulled_over_one_of_googles/

The car is a Neighborhood Electric Vehicle, which is why the speed is capped to 25mph. El Goog highlights the safety benefits of this, but there are a lot of legal benefits to it too, i.e. it's easier to make a car comply with the NEV code than the full vehicle code.

Since the car is an NEV, it is allowed to drive 25 on roads that are 35 or below. What the car was doing was completely legal, which makes sense, because it would be strange to program a route through roads with higher speed limits.


That GM car looks scary.  The passenger compartment is the crumple zone.  
I can just imagine Google's competitors driving around all day, looking for a car with no driver, just so they can lightly bump into them.
What would be the incident rate for the same amount of mileage for non-automated cars?
Are these cars just driving around silicon valley? Put them all across the country, make them drive in snow, on highways and cities.
Caused by humans who can't help but stare at the ugly car that is driving itself.
Only danger I see with all the  autonomous vehicles, is people who refuse to use them, causing accidents. Like, if the norm was 80% autonomous traffic vs 20% selfdriving, we would still see a lot of accidents.
Not to knock Google's autonomous cars or anything, I'm sure they are probably great - but doesn't it seem obvious that they would only report that the accidents were caused by others? Inherently there is a little bias in self-reporting accidents with an autonomous car product you are looking to launch successfully.

I take self-reporting with a grain of salt. I would like to see independent third party testing though.
I wonder if any of the accidents were caused by a driver freaking out because no one was driving the car next to them?
With Elon and Google the future will come.  And it will be glorious.
it could be one accident in 100 million caused by the driverless cars, but someone would still complain against driverless cars.
I have a question for statisticians.  What would the accident rate be for an identical group of vehicles driven by people?  
You know what just occurred to me. Self driving car sensors record in 3D what happened in a crash.
While impressive, im definitely not ready, and never will be ready to give up driving.
To be fair, I don't doubt them, but ofcourse Google would report that Google technology was working as intended. It's like when the Police investigate the Police and determine the Police did nothing wrong. I don't really think they're lying, but it would normally be best to have a third party be the ones to report on this sort of thing.
Is it weird that I'm not excited at all by self driving cars?
I can't wait for self driving cars to be a part of the regular life 
The statistic is meaningless because the car was not driving under normal conditions. And 12 accidents in 1M miles is high and probably means something you are doing is causing accidents, even if you are technically not at fault. 
12 minor accidents still seems rather high.  Nationwide, accident rates range from 0.1 accidents / million miles to ~3.0 depending on conditions, road type, and vehicle.  On average, the accident rate is around 1.8 / million vehicle miles ... or approximately 7X lower than Google's rate.  

I wonder how effective a self-driving car is at anticipating accidents and being defensive.  I've driven around 600,000 miles in my life and have had only 2 minor accidents.  That puts me slightly above the average for the nation.  But I've had a dozen or so times where somebody almost rear ended me at a stop sign or side swiped me, and I was able to avoid an accident due to defensive driving.  Can a Google car do the same?  

If I was an accident prone driver I could see buying one, but otherwise I'll pass unless the cost of insurance is included in the price.
"google reports that none of the accidents were caused by the self-driving car"

okay, still not getting me to hand the wheel over to you.
[deleted]
Something to think about: does anyone consider that these autonomous Google cars driving around are also logging all the license plates and make/models of other vehicles they see out on the road? Knowing Google's business model it wouldn't surprise me learn they're collecting this info. In fact I would probably bet that they are. 
And? As a truck driver driving a 44 tonne vehicle in all weathers all over the country I've logged 2 million miles with not even minor accidents in a vehicle far larger, far less manoeuvrable and which has lots of fuckwits driving dangerously around to try and get in front of. 

Google's autonomous vehicles OTOH have only driven a very select number of routes, only in decent weather and at the heady speed of 25MPH.
These reports came out weeks ago 
Why is this shit posted every single day. 
What is your rank at Google ?
Automated hitmen...whoah
I see them daily here in Austin. 
I picked a terrible time to buy a brand new car.
Will the same zero interest financing I got for my Nexus 6p be available for my Google car? I'll pre-order! 
Can they install a window blackened switch so I can bang my drunk wife for the half hour drive home from the pub without crossing indecent exposure laws?   
how many accident is the average person involved in per million miles?
I want to write them and see if they will give me a self driving car, since I am epileptic and crashed my car just about a yer ago now because I seized while driving. Plus I want these cars to rule the road one day.
So who actually MAKES the car?
How can I can get a job testing out one of these cars?
I think that the final structure will be that the automakers sell cars with computers and sensors and a third party company will provide driving services - making money on the savings on insurance. This protects the Toyotas and Audis of the world from getting sued into bankruptcy for an errant semi colon in one of their programs. Its too big a risk for an automaker to take. Look at the crap you get in for making cars  5x safer than 1970s levels and getting one part wrong.(GM). 
How many accidents would human drivers have causes in that time?
As a 25 year old woman with terrible vision who isn't a driver, I really hope I can get one of these someday. I hate relying on buses, shuttles and other people to get around. I wish I had the freedom of going somewhere on a whim (like to the store or to Vegas) instead of having to check public transit or something. 
I've always wondered if they were able to avoid accidents? Something like where a human would be able to recognize a possible problem and correct for it.
So that's what, 1 every ~70k? Meh, sounds about avg. for an avg driver. Pretty solid considering the tech probably needs a lot of work still and I'm sure has room for improvement. The downside is 1 every 70k may not sound so great to potential customers.
So how do you ask a driverless car for insurance information?
Since google has been testing self driving cars for years, how is it that Tesla releases a software update and all of a sudden they all become self driving cars as well?
Except that the cars only drive in ideal conditions ( no rain, no snow, and no ice) so I wonder what the accident rate is in clear conditions? 
Defensive driving is a skill that is required for everyone on the road including self driving cars.  Playing the blame game is a bad idea.
The self-driving cars were not at fault, according to the self-driving cars.

Hmm...

(Kidding of course; just amusing to me, and reminds me of one of those brain memes.)
Driving unsafely slow is not safe. The cars need to work at posted speeds or be limited to test tracks. Driving 25 in a 35 is going to piss of drivers and angry drivers cause accidents. Even if they aren't involved directly, they're contributing to unsafe road conditions. 
I feel like I'll be one of the few that won't like this, and will drive manually. Fuck your trying to restrict me. I like driving. 
I feel like this spells disaster for the automobile industry in the years to come, especially with the emergence of services like uber. Who's going to want to buy a car of their own and have to pay insurance and what not if you can literally just uber yourself a self driving car whenever you need a ride? The future is looking bleak for the car salesman. Definitely looking forward to this technology nonetheless, and I'm interested to see what will come of it.
they still havent been on highways or major artieries
And when they want to collect you into a re education camp the car will drive you there for them, no thanks 
They're involved in twice as many accidents as the average driver. And this is under ideal driving conditions, at only 25 mph.

http://time.com/4098303/self-driving-cars-accident/

So their record isn't terrible, but not that good either. I mean for no human input it's great, but compared to a human it's not where it needs to be.
and it will take just one accident resulting in a fatality for everyone to bring out the pitchforks against our evil robotic driving overlords
but they are slow as shit!
As long as it doesn't become illegal to drive yourself. I *like* driving. 
So a minor accident per every 83K? That's about par for the course, in my experience. Safe enough for me, but looks like the reported average driver is an accident per 165,000. So...I'm a bit confused on the data (sourced from an older article with a better average for the Google cars). And the Google cars would have to log almost 100 million miles before there'd be relevant data for fatality averages (about 1.5 per 100 million driven). Hoping there's a redditor who can make it easier to digest on the data.

Still, this is looking pretty good.
Don't we have human drivers who have reached a million miles without any accidents?

Looks like a single car has reached 3 million miles on it, without ever suffering an accident.
http://nowiknow.com/miles-and-miles/
How do self driving cars respond to emergency vehicles coming up behind them? Do they know to pull over and stuff like that?
12 minor accidents ? a million miles? I'm half way there and 0 accidents, 75% of that on roads the google car would not drive (winter, gravel, no lines, rainy, foggy, bad maps, etc)

How many Michigan or Cario miles could a Google car travel? 0.
Well of course *Google* would report that. Do we have a source for that that isn't Google?
Ford has a new F150 - the only difference from the previous one is the metal the body is made of plus some small changes - so they only tested it for 50 million miles or so. How much would they test a car without a driver? Perhaps 2 billion miles?

The real car industry people must laugh into their beers every time they hear this google car nonsense. 
These numbers don't tell you anything about safety. They are driving around with a human to make sure the program doesn't make any insane mistakes. The interesting statistic would be how many times humans had to intervene to stop the program from making what would obviously be a dangerous mistake.
Google reports that Google's cars aren't at fault when they crash.
Self driving cars are cool and all but I still enjoy the feeling of driving at times. What would be the reason for a high performance vehicle? Where would these self driving cars leave all the auto-buffs?
It should be noted that while the cars didn't directly cause accidents in these instances, they have been the source of traffic buildups due to poor/slow driving which later caused accidents. These vehicles are still nowhere near safe enough to be allowed universally if they frequently cause traffic jams, a leading cause of accidents.
I, for one, welcome our robot chauffeurs. 
I'm not surprised.

Google's self-driving cars drive like old ladies: exactly at the speed limit, and wait until they have a space the size of an aircraft carrier before they'll merge lanes.

They've made me late to work (in Mountain View) several times when I've gotten stuck behind them on neighborhood streets.
They also drive 10 miles under the speed limit!! most of the accidents probably from road rage at how slow they drive

&gt;the vehicles have been involved in a total of 12 minor accidents, although *Google reports that none of the accidents were* **caused** *by the self-driving car.*

Note that Google's statement there is really just an ASSERTION.

Because the question that needs to be asked (and alas is not really answerable) is whether if -- instead of a Google "robocar" --  some *other* human driven car had been in that spot, whether the "accident" would have happened.

You can place an inanimate object out in the middle of the road somewhere and it CAN in fact be the "cause" of accidents, even though it isn't actually "doing" anything at all.  That doesn't mean that the presence of the object was not a part of the equation, that it did not "cause" the accident to occur.

Google also has a penchant for shifting blame in other ways -- when their vehicle HAS been labeled as the "cause" -- they always claim that it was when a HUMAN (a Google employee) was in control, and never (ever) the software.

This is dubious at best, and difficult to believe.

Moreover, the claim of the "more than a million miles" is ridiculously facetious in a number of ways, not the least of which is that the miles were NOT logged by any single "configuration" of the system, but over several years by multiple different configurations. And then there is the highly limited environment in which the vehicles have logged the majority of that travel; the fact that the streets in question have been mapped and scanned, remapped and rescanned over and over again at increasing levels of detail -- something that will be essentially impossible to do across the board for all of the streets and roads in the entirety of even a single state, much less a whole country, much less the entire world (this is multiple, several  ORDERS of magnitude higher amounts of data than the "Streetview" which is a relatively primitive level of mapping by comparison).
I've been driving since 1985 and have been involved in 4 accidents, none of which were my fault.  What's Google's point here?
&gt; Google reports that none of the accidents were caused by the self-driving car.        
                 
Of course that's what Google is going to say about its own cars. 
/r/hailcorporate
This is all much much less impressive once you hear that Google has limited the speed of all of their vehicles to 25 miles per hour. It's pretty close to saying all of those miles were done in a school zone.
That's awesome, and not to shit on the progress made by Google and Musk, but we're a hell of a long way off from completely autonomous mass-transportation; these "5-10 year" predictions for self-driving, publicly-available and widely-accepted cars are way off.
Of course Google is gonna say that its car wasnt at fault.
Their average speed is 60mph all day everyday. An autonomous fleet of uber like taxis is just insane to think about. A car that can refill 3 times a day and just keep driving for 24 hours straight. 



**Edit:** Someone mentioned they are capped at 25mph which makes me doubt that 10,000 miles is per vehicle and actually for the whole fleet. In that case the fleet must have about 4-10 cars in order to turn that 60 mph average into something closer to 10-25mph depending on the traffic and duration they drive per day. 
I swear to god articles with pretty much this exact statistic are getting posted at least once a month.  I'm about ready to just fucking quit /r/technology.
None accidents of the accidents were caused by Google but they did get one ticket for being too cautious
http://www.cnn.com/2015/11/13/us/google-self-driving-car-pulled-over/

32000 people die every year from car accidents.    Google found a solution.  Yet, as a society, we're content to let the lifeloss equivalent of 10 9/11 attacks go on every year. 
How the Self-Driving Google Car sees the world, Imgur Album:

* http://imgur.com/gallery/JWXnP
This ignores the big challenges. Self driving cars will eventually take over. It's inevitable. At which point people will loose both freedom and control. I  think one possible alternative is deploy drones / satellites to strictly monitor vehicles and leave the driving to us. 
&gt; Maximum of 25 mph. Who fucking cares?

&gt; Go google IMO, but lets not all start jaxing them off yet. Even the Tesla auto pilot can handle high speeds.

Nope. I was wrong
This doesn't mean anything. With only a few cars on the road of course there is going to be very few accidents. But what happens when you get thousands or millions? 
According to Google on the response to one of their cars being pulled over last week for driving too slow these cars are capped at 25mph. So it's hard to be in anything more than a minor accident 
I feel like the whole self driving car is just a band aid to the problem, for lack of a better term at the moment. Honesty we should increase driver education, especially at a younger age. 

Also what it the long term effects on the cars when parts start to age. 10,000 miles isn't much when it comes to a single car. It maybe only had one oil change depending on the oil. 

This is coming from a guy who refuses to buy a new car with an automatic transmission. 
"NOT MY FAULT" says the car's owner...  wow never heard anyone say that before. 
They always love to talk about how many miles, but it is meaningless unless you compare to a human doing comparable tasks. Google's cars are limited to 25mph and avoid driving in situations they can't understand or where 25mph is an unacceptable limit. Put a human in the same situation and I'd be very surprised if they have accidents too.
And they still can't use them with any degree of safety in heavy rain or snow.
I wonder how it's coded to react when making a decision that would kill the driver but spare a pedestrian....ie. would it swerve you into a wall at a high speed to avoid someone if they darted into the street? What if two people darted into the street....or a crowd of people? Or would it always spare the driver?
Yea, call it a "fleet." That's the way to sell the idea of computer-controlled cars.
Google cars not at fault according to Google.  Gotta love that.
Don't try driving in heavy rain either.
My question is what will happen to the future of truck drivers. 
10,000 miles in a week? That's 60 mph every hour for the week, is this accurate? I read some cars have a maximum of 25 mph. 

There's an interesting video of one of the cars being read-ended.  It's not a feed, but a rendering from the sensors.  It's shows how the car saw it was going to be hit, and made the decision to accept that instead of driving into an intersection.  It might be an internal Google video, not sure, but it's not exactly top-secret.
They only do 25 mph. Who gets in a wreak at that speed?
Is there any indication from Google as to what the environmental/CO2 emissions reduction implications might be for autonomous vehicles?
If the fleet average 10000 miles a week why have they been reporting 1 million miles driven for the past 2 years?
Yeah, minor accidents becuase they can't go faster than 25 mph currently
That's a large number of accidents.  I've probably done about 250,000 miles and have had zero accidents.
Thanks for the monthly updates.
Google reports that none of the accidents were their fault?  Well that isn't exactly meaningful now is it. I'd prefer to hear the other drivers perspective. 

I have a friend who gets in accidents all the time. Guess how many she claims fault for?  It's less than 1. 
Even if we undeniably prove it's 1000x safer than human drivers you'll still have people demanding they have a switch that allows a human driver to take over.  It's really sad, but they'll probably capitulate and more people will die because of stubborn luddites.  You see it every time a self-driving car topic comes up.  There's a swarm of people screaming about how they'll never give up control to computers and damn the consequences.
Truck Driver annual salary $39,738

Lawyer annual salary $131,990

Google, I'm not trying to tell you how to do your job, but their might be some low hanging fruit in the AI doing humans jobs.
Oh the crashes weren't our fault they were the other drivers. 

Sure. I'd like to hear the other drivers story tbh.
... none of these accidents WAS caused ...
Wtf? This was really some fake article based on loan refinancing?
But then.. won't it require line-of-sight? :/
&gt;The benefits of Li-Fi over Wi-Fi, other than potentially much faster speeds, is that because light cannot pass through walls, it makes it a whole lot more secure

Would be interesting to see if you could intercept traffic using a telescope and the reflection off a monitor through a window.
what if I want to watch netflix in the dark, WHAT THEN SCIENCE
We have these installed in some rooms at the building where I work, also where Harald is based for his Li-Fi research. Most people are right where it won't necessarily replace wifi for commercial use but in the coming years I foresee it being used in the corporate world. They were used recently in an NFL stadium if I remember correctly where it was a great success. 
Now we need to just trap this light in a cable somehow.  Then it'll have super long range. Next we need to get these cables run all over, like to people's houses.  Our ISPs could do that, we should give them billions in incentives to get started.

It would be great for this countries future!
But how will Comcast use this to strangle us?
That is going to transfer data to my computer SO FAST after it arrives at my house capped at 3.6 MB/s by Comcast. 
I'm fascinated by the potential of such a technology where point-to-point communication can happen with line of sight with vastly-reduced interference from other signals. You can't have tons of wifi routers in a dense space because the channels quickly become saturated, but this would conceivably allow you to focus your communication beam as much as or as little as you want.
Dammit Bob, go stand over there! You are blocking my Li-Fi.
Great but how do the devices send data back? 
Where do people think this is progressing?
This article is rather stupid.

Ignoring the fact that being 'faster' can have different meaning when talking about network traffic and accept that they mean bandwidth rather than something like latency, it is still a bad claim.

They compare a single test under ideal conditions with the average speed in the wild.

Obviously under ideal setting using the latest technology you could get wi-fi to be just as fast if not faster.

IEEE 802.11ad is supposed to be able to deliver up to 7Gbit/s.

There is also the fact that it completely glosses over the many faults of Li-Fi as if it were something that could be used as an actual replacement for wi.fi rather than something only useful in very limited niches.

Obviously visible light would have the very obvious problem that it would be visible and run on the same part of the spectrum that our eyes do. Not a good idea.

Even if we moved it slightly outside the visible spectrum where it won't distract us as much, it would still mostly behave as light does. Anything more substantial than some very thin cloth would block the transmissions, including walls, furniture, people, birds, trees and bad weather.

It would be something that you could use from one fixed point to another, but not to communicate with mobile devices like we do for laptops, tablets and smartphones.

Fucking Estonia, always worried about their office plants.
This is great, if you are doing things like editing high definition video that you're hosting on a server in your basement.  Except, you know, 224 GB/s doesn't do much good when you're limited to at best 1GB/s out of your ethernet card.  Or 60Mbps to the internet.

It's very interesting but not currently anything that anyone at home (or honestly in most businesses) could use even if it was on the shelves right now.  Still, gotta do research. Something will come of it eventually.
I hate titles like this they just peeve me.  100 times faster than what wifi?  Reading the article this is all based off the old tech where you could watch the traffic on a hub by watching the led flicker only now they plan on scaling up the speed on that and the high speed is all theoretical.  Top speed is comparable to current wifi.
225gbps until comcast gets its greasy paws on it....
It's not obvious what problem this solves. How often is WiFi the bottleneck? For most people existing LAN data rates are more than sufficient and they aren't likely to replace their existing RF network with a new network which doesn't solve any problem they've got. Not to mention the task of convincing PC/tablet/smartphone companies to integrate yet another communications method which doesn't enable anything.

Could happen, but it's going to take a very, very long time, including development of a recognized standard and multiple suppliers. 
Who jacks off with the lights on?
It stands for Lireless Fidelity
Can we like, fire the guy coming up with these shitty names?
Allowing me to reach my data cap faster than ever!! 
OP's headline is horribly misleading. The article says they were able to achieve speeds of 1 GB/s in the wild, which is 100x faster than average Wi-Fi speeds. It's a comparison between what they achieved and what is typically used. Faster Wi-Fi does exist.
I'm waiting for the crazies who become allergic to modulated visible light.
But what if I want to Netflix and Chill with the lights off?
Now you can use up your whole data cap in 10 seconds!
awesome, now the US government can spy on everyone simply by being in light.
/r/technology, you are awesome. Have never heard about this technology before. Quite exciting!
[So we're back to this again](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Signal_lamp#/media/File:Seaman_send_Morse_code_signals.jpg), I guess you could call it the circle of lifi.

How would we get the signal from room to room? 

I would (probably wrongly) assume that the data is also going over the electrical wires to where it need to go. 
Might be a stupid question... but is a gigabit the same as a gigabyte, or was it a typo?
Does not matter.  We still have Comcast. 
Naysayers lack imagination. There are tons of devices like televisions, speakers, light switches, appliances, printers, etc. That have clear line of sight enough to take advantage of this. The added security makes it worthwhile to put sensors on laptops and printers and to put emitters in the ceiling. 

I won't install a WiFi deadbolt on my door, but I'd be more inclined to install a LiFi deadbolt. 

Ethernet over per can do GB speeds now. Imagine a typical router that also sends data over power lines. Then a simple lightbulb gives each room some level of connection. That would be especially nice if you have to game over WiFi and don't want ancillary traffic sharing WiFi. 
Oh great, now I'll be able to download a seizure.
This is not going to be a thing.  It requires line of sight.

You would never install this in your house.


It will only ever be an industrial technology since the building has to be designed around it.  Then in that case it's more likely either fiber optic cable would be used, since it's much better or Wifi would be used since the technology is more common and compatible.

The odds of coming across this are pretty low.
Wow, how fast can you burn through your Comcast data cap with that kinda speed!??
i like the idea, it might find it's niche. not like wireless, but if they'd put it inside a wireless charger and make the device connect without cables, with usb3 speeds, that'd be awesome.
not sold on the idea as a whole.  How do the lights interface with your wired infrastructure?  Battery backups?  If this is made to compliment wireless, how will they work together?  Sounds like a shit show.
I can see this having uses as a part of a multi-mode network solution. Things like streaming to my TV or desktop computer (although why not just use Ethernet or EoP), or other fairly static non-portable devices.

As to 'replacing' WiFi I don't think so. I remember when WiFi first came out and people were suggesting Ethernet is dead. And we are now moving to 10Gb Ethernet and Fiber reaching ridiculous speeds of terabytes per second (I think the highest is something like 40 something terabits per second).

Just because Cat6 is better than Cat5 or Fiber is better than both it doesn't mean each doesn't have it's place. What about Bluetooth or NFC and all the other wireless communications, we aren't going to stop using existing technology we will rather adapt and adopt the technology to the tasks it is suited to.
This would be great as a backbone for wifi access points. in places you can't get an ethernet cable too.
If you need to install that much specialized lighting, why not just connect an Ethernet cable to each machine? :/
Since light can act as a wave and a particle does that mean since the photon has momentum it could power the receiver?
Read the damn article or even look at the pretty pictures.

The concept is to use smart LED's in a work/home environment as both overhead lighting and transmit/receiver points.

The only draw back now would be that when my light goes out in my office I now don't have internet either. I guess it would force me to actually change bulbs.
Great, see you in 5-10 years, maybe.
&gt;The benefits of Li-Fi over Wi-Fi, other than potentially much faster speeds, is that because light cannot pass through walls, it makes it a whole lot more secure, and as Anthony Cuthbertson points out at IBTimes UK, this also means there's less interference between devices.


Interesting concept, but it has to be coupled with some sort of WiFi that will allow someone to easily transfer between rooms without interference…. I wonder how bright the light has to bet etc.
They need a better name; [Lie-Fi is already a thing](http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=lie-fi).
This really is nothing new. I remember products being sold at least 10 years ago that did this. You'd have a small optical transceiver that you stuck on top of your monitor or on the wall of your cubical and that was wired to your PC, and there were ceiling-mounted access points that aggregated the signals. Admittedly these weren't in the gigabit range but the idea is the same.
Waiting for the articles that claim this could cause cancer like they did for WI-FI

Of course according to science, almost everything causes cancer these days
This is seriously super crazy
I saw a ted talks on this a while back. The guy had one and it worked really well. 
Unfortunately, none of that matters. Internet around here is 6.5mbps at best. That's my speed, as I am forced to use that or dial-up.
I could see this as being used in conjunction with Ethernet cables to simply provide access throughout a cubicle farm for example without running cables all over the place.  
Beam directly from servers to smaller hubs which connect direct to the devices through cat5.
Too bad we'll never get to experience it since ISPs will find a way to strangle it while it's in its infancy
Noob question... Does it work via fiber optic cables (by-passing line of sight)?  Or is fiber optic good enough by itself?
Don't both ends have to get started.
This is the sort of thing that will cause epilepsy in chipmunks.
Li-Fi


Life Fibers.

Boom.
What good is LiFi at 224 gb/sec when my ISP only gives me 20 gb/ download speeds?
Wonderful now we can reach our data caps 100 times faster now.
Not fast enough!

I am usually in complete darkness or using natural light from the outside, so outside of an office... this doesn't work for the majority since it's extremely redundant(and bad on the eyes) to be looking at a back-lit monitor screen while there is a light casting down on it.
I'd like to see this technology coupled to google cardboard virtual reality. I'm guessing that a realistic virtual experience would require a large amount of data to be transmitted to the phone/receiver to display an accurate virtual world. The fiber would bring the data from wherever to your house and then the last bit would be very efficiently sent by this LiFi from the ceiling of your room straight into your brain (well, still through your phone and eyes). I tried to stream some 360 videos on my cardboard but the quality is very low. Faster data would mean better VR! The future is awesome.
I...I don't think I can fap that much.
Really cool idea for a sci-fi novel, but I'm still skeptical about its practicality
Bits != Bytes. 100GB is 800Gb. He confuses this throughout the article. Speed is typically measured in bits while storage in bytes. Also, propagation of light through solid materials is a problem. This is why we currently use lower frequencies... They can go through things like walls. 
the problem is that its expensive as hell
Oh wow. This is great
But I like to fap in the dark...
You notice how stationary the lamp and hole was ? Yea I'm not gonna be that still with any of my mobile devices. This may have its uses but it is far more limited than he makes it sound lots of line of sight issue in every example application he gave.
Perhaps I'm being thick, but I don't understand why Li-Fi should be any faster that Wi-Fi. It's all electromagnetic radiation isn't it? It all travels at the speed of light doesn't it? Why should visible light be faster than radio waves? 
Bring it on, flash photography pranksters!
That'll be one expensive Comcast bill....
I can't wait for the support ticket "My internet stopped working after I replaced my annoying overhead light with this cute lamp!"
&gt; that they can achieve data transmission at 1 GB per second - that's 100 times faster than current average Wi-Fi speeds.

[No, it's actually slower than modern WiFi...](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IEEE_802.11ac#Data_rates_and_speed)
Can it work with non visible light LEDs? Perhaps some frequency that can pass through a person?
When I was in college one of my neighboring senior design groups was building a system that did this with infrared light.  You could get ok coverage, but it all depended on where you were putting the ceiling mounted transmitters. And it was like.. modem speed at best.
One big thing to remember is that the lights would need to be on lol.

Not useful for, say, browsing or watching a movie in bed.
Of course its faster...it requires line of sight. Even in an industrial environment I'm not sure how this flies. Dust, dirt, critical systems that really shouldn't just drop connection because a bird lands on the sensors...
Sorry... this may be a stupid question.  How to you achieve any upload? Does your device shine a light back to the light bulb?
eli5?

Isn't li-fi a technology for one-way communication? 

I get its a novel and new idea, but it seems impractically expensive. Yeah, it'd be cool to have data transferred using my lightbulbs, but that would require all my lightbulbs to be expensive, networked LEDs. The benefit of which might extend to being able to stream music to some wireless speakers. Anything that would benefit from this type of technology seems to be too big to really warrant mobile-ness (TV, desktop computer) and would be easier setup with a wired connection. 
Cool, but don't think i'll be rewiring my house any time soon...  How much bandwidth do we really need, anyway?
This article neglects to describe how the lights would act as receivers, and how smartphones would be modified to act as transmitters.
100 times faster than wifi is such a stupid sentence. Relative to what? Comcast home internet?
Can't wait for some lee fee. 
I also see issues with people in dark areas.  Putting your wireless device in you pocket listening to a podcast.  And opps some one shut off the lights you just lost your music.
Isnt this just fiber optic cable?
That will make my 200KB/s internet connection so much faster!
The perfect opportunity to drop the meaningless "fi' suffix and we blew it.
At least now we'll have something to blame when your cat suddenly randomly goes crazy and runs around the house.
Okay Reddit, tell me why it's bad now.
Until some entrepreneur finds a use for this in a creative way. Its currently worthless, expensive, and non practical with todays methods. 
I wish my wireless technology would cut your whenever the sensor was in a shadow, the lights were off, and that the transmitter introduced a subliminal flicker to my entire room! I must find a way to do this...
Main problem is range no speed with wi-fi. At least now.
I don't see this being a replacement for wi-fi, but i could see it complimenting it.

A first You could use wi-fi to communicate thing sthat are nessesary like availbe channels and stuff, then the 2 devices could use that commuication channel to see if there is any interferanc when tryign to use li-fi, if there is interference it drops back to wi-fi. This would be a by the nano-second process, so in theory you could change your devices location when you need to download something quickly, but when you are not downloading, have the comfort of what ever position you like.
What kind of cancer will this give me and is it worth the bandwidth?
Can someone explain to me how small scale fading isnt a nightmare for something like this?
What about uploading data? Isn't the connection only one-way? I would imagine that a secondary wi-fi like connection would still be required to send data.
Again, why aren't we doing city wide broadband with old standard def tv signals? Light based transmission seems silly.
My very first thought was "This will probably give me a migraine"
If only my ISP would provide speeds higher than 100 Mbit/s, this breakthrough would be useful. 
This is retarded 
The future is here. This is so fucking awesome.
Having to explain to people they can't turn off the light and have li-fi. Then explaining to them  the difference between wi-fi and li-fi...
IT is going to suck... :(
I have no idea how this thing really works other than the info that the article provided, but could you not run the information being transmitted through light via fiber optic cables? 
Just in time for mass data capping.
While this obviously won't replace WiFi, I can see a bunch of ways this could be awesome.

Phones could use it as a download only channel.  Want your phone to sync music faster?  Leave it on your desk under the light and it will switch to the LiFi for a while.  Seamless handoff would obviously be important.

These would be much nicer for desktops in an office space than running wires from ceiling to floor everywhere.
Super advanced smoke signals.
We should drop this "high fidelity" nonsense in relation to wireless data. It's a meaningless buzzword like "web 2.0".
test distance was 50cm http://www.ijcttjournal.org/Volume4/issue-4/IJCTT-V4I4P195.pdf
So how does this avoid scores of interference from basically every other light source in the room?
so, pros and cons time.

PROS

* faster communication
* doubles as a light fixture
* easier to tell how strong the signal is
* could be easily expanded to include other colours giving a higher throughput
* can't pierce visible opaque objects (like furnature or walls)
* can be built into a light fixture (li-fi lightbulbs here i come)
* is a strobe light (could make some fun effects sending specially crafted data)
* could be a good receiver for things like streaming TV or anything using UDP.

CONS:

* doubles as a light fixture (what you wanted the wifi on while you sleep?)
* can't pierce visible opaque objects (like furnature or walls) so you can't put it on the floor
* is a strobe light (yeah they say it flickers faster than you can perceive but since the flicker is based on the data certain data is just going to make a perceptible flicker if the runs of 0's is long enough. this could allow a malicious individual to cause seizures in light sensitive people by sending specially crafted packets)
* related to the last one, flickering on and off is killer to lightbulb lifespan, how long will one of these last?
* interference from OTHER visible light (we can't go by intensity since intensity falls with a square of the distance, so any light within that frequency range will seem to be the wifi signal, and we have to be very forgiving with our frequency ranges since lots of people own coloured things. and those coloured things will change the frequency of the light)
* data transmission has to go both ways, so my wireless phone has to face the li-fi source to communicate and CAN'T communicate while in my pocket (unless i make a habit of wearing transparent pants) unless this is receive only

a lot of the cons could be mitigated by using infrared and ultraviolet, except the interference from visibly opaque objects...and not being able to SEE the light would make it even more confusing. i think this is a nice idea...pretty cool concept...but totally impractical.

--edit--

added a couple more bullet points...this tech would be GREAT for streaming video, high throughput, uses UDP, doesn't need to talk back much, and is generally stationary.

--edit 2--

a point about flicker: we know, thankfully, the flicker rate 224 billion Hz or 224 GHz, human perception is around 60 Hz so to craft a strobe one would need to change from a 1 to a 0 and back in 1/60'th of a second. so you would need about 3-4 billion 0's then switch to the same number of 1's and back, increasing the number will make the flicker slower and more perceptible. this is of course a difficult thing to manage (4 billion 1's is 500 MB) but you could do it. to trigger epileptic seizures you need around 1/2 the frequency or twice the data (so 1 GB/s) you basically HAVE to be TRYING to make this happen.
More technology for american telecoms of which to deny their customers!
They compare their cutting edge laboratory Li-Fi setup to the average Wi-Fi. That really doesn't tell us much since a laboratory cutting edge next generation Wi-Fi setup is probably a lot faster than the average Wi-Fi setup as well.
Harald Haas, the inventor, gave a demonstration of this tech at TED in London a few months ago...check it out: http://go.ted.com/CiEr
how it can be faster than wi-fi while they both use electromagnetic waves that travels at the speed of light ? 
Remember to patch your lightbulbs
I think the question is that how will this transfer from room to room?  If close a door in one room how does the data transfer to another room where it's blocked by walls and a door? 
enviromental impact?


So how does this work with TCP? Don't both ends have to talk to each other? Just small leds on every device?
I remember watching that TED Talk and thinking, "That's pretty cool."  Good to see an idea is moving forward.
&gt;by flickering the light from a single LED

Epilepsy: the new cost of fast wireless networking.
How would you identify each device on the network? Wouldn't the data transmission be trivially sniffable? Where can I get some Li-Fi equipment to test?
that just means websites will start pushing out heavier content that bogs the system down some more.  so you get MORE ADS...IN HIGH DEFINITION..   YAY!
 cool but my ISP still sucks
Looks interesting but everyone in the example images seems to be trapped a decade back in time since they are using PDA's.
I'll always stay with Ethernet.
They couldn't of come up with a better name than li-fi? 
Can we program the Sun to be a massive Li-Fi antenna? :D
&gt; The technology uses Visible Light Communication (VLC), a medium that uses visible light between 400 and 800 terahertz (THz)

Lol, nice try. This won't be a replacement for Wi-Fi - ever. It will require perfect line of sight to work, and will probably work at centimeter distances, so it might be more useful for making circuits connect "wirelessly" with each other.
[deleted]
Hit Comcast's data caps 100 times faster with this!
Great as a step for this technology, but as others have pointed out the headline is misleading and for typical users making use of that speed would be impossible. 
Normal wireless USB adapter is around 54Mbps, but if you can still remain high.
We ditched IR networking for a reason, people!

Back in the day people thought it was hilarious to cover the IR sensor and bounce soneone off the network.

Now with all the cloud functionality, that could actually be dangerous.
Remember the iPhone4 and "you are holding it wrong"?

This is like 10 million times worst.
I believe you mean 100 times more bandwidth. It is not 100 times faster than the speed of light.
No thank you to this technology
Can someone explain to me how this would function with multiple users on the same network? Would you need multiple bulbs or could you use a mutli-spectrum bulb? And even so, wouldn't that lower transfer speed?

Also, how would this function for mobile phones? Home and corporate networks are easy, line of site with an LED can be establish easily or even bounced off walls for a limited distance outside of line of sight, but for mobile phones how could we transmit when we'd need a constant sight to a transmitter?

And finally, is it possible that we can propogate light as omnidirectional waves that can penetrate walls like radio?

This new technology is amazing and fascinating, I just have so many questions about how it works and could be implemented.
I thought VLC was a media player program?  
Umm... can we have commercially viable LiFi please?

Thank you science.
I remember they tested Li Fi in Vancouver between buildings a decade ago.
Yeah. We have had that for a while, fiber optics. Hardly news. 
If you walked in front of it, would that cut off the connection?
*stop los'ing me!*
I'm wondering if this will be hazardous to our health at all....
They aren't themselves, idk what I'm saying really. I'm some what talking out of my ass. I need to research more what exact is sent across the light path...
The fck kind of wifi has this guy been using?  MCCII.XI?  I get close to 90 Mbps on a crowded campus and ~1.2 at home (while the gf is watching YouTube videos of funny kittens).


Hype.  Oversold.  Click bait title.  Demand a refund.



Also, the current advances on the technology which are available to the public make me think that this person didn't ever bother to click on more than a single link.



Cool, soon my router will be capable of speeds 400x greater than that of my internet connection, versus the mere 100x it is now!
this stupid if someone comes in your room and turn the lights off you are fucked
FTA:  
&gt; "It's important the Supreme Court entertain this because as Judge Leon pointed out, the D.C. Circuit sat on this case [at an earlier stage] for almost two years.

Wait - so the appeals court sits the case for over 2 years, doing nothing, but it's somehow able to issue a stay within a week?  

How the fuck?
"Let's keep doing something that is clearly unconstutional and hasn't worked in 14 years!"
12 more days, guys. They get 12 more days, and then the old program is shut down.
Let them continue! Every massive surveillance program has done wonders in fighting terrorism. Just look at France! Has anything bad happened to France that could have been fought with other kinds of measures? Not at all!
Mass surveillance has failed to stop terrorism.  Our 4th Amendment rights are being violated in vain.  This leads me to believe that the mass surveillance program is not about stopping terrorists at all.  It's about building a massive database of blackmail material that the government can use whenever it's convenient.  Keep in mind that this allows the government to blackmail even elected officials, essentially giving them control of those elected officials.  This is a threat to democracy.
Is this issue politicized or was the mention of a conservative lawyer just fluff?
You know.. The worst part isn't even that. The worst part about this is that it's not surprising. That's sad.
Is there anyone gullible enough to actually believe it will ever stop or be reigned in?
Honestly, even if the courts tell them to stop, does anyone think they will really stop?
The government does not work for the people.

The government does not work for the people.

The government does not work for the people.
[deleted]
&gt; Obviously, however, the bulk collection program —which remains up and running — did not forestall the shootings and bombings in Paris that killed more than 120 people and left hundreds more wounded.

The most relevant line of the article.  I love hearing the verbal dance from security apparatchik like John Brennan.  He totally ducks this very significant fact.
Not to mention the Supreme Court, DOJ, FBI, CIA, the president, the governor of Texas, and the NSA are being charged with terrorism &amp; obstruction of justice for a few years now.
I have been as outraged about the NSA collecting on innocent US citizens information as the next person.  But on reflection, what has concerned me most has been that this seems to have given the NSA unchecked power.  The military is a very powerful entity, but they don't occupy my mind because I feel that this power is controlled with appropriate checks and balances.  The NSA, in contrast, was doing things in secret, thereby circumventing appropriate control.   Edward Snowden has done society a huge service by shining a bright light on this practice and starting the process of determining exactly how society is going to apply classic principles to the internet age.  We WANT the control of this to go through the usual and appropriate legal steps for regulation.  So while readers may be unhappy that a court has ruled to let the practice continue for another 12 days, but we should celebrate that due process is being applied.
This is bad for everyone.
I don't know if this program works against terrorists or not but it must be an *amazing* resource for people who want to do a little insider trading. 
Man, they use attacks like Paris to justify these kinds of programs....

But what's the one thing in common every time there is a terrorist attack?

**This person was known to authorities**


They know about these people, they are monitoring them, but these people are not stupid, they go quiet before an attack.

They need to act on information they have rather than just keep trying to justify more and more information gathering like this, because **it does not work**.
Once again the police state is being solidified.
Gasp. The government not willing to  reduce  its own  power and  reach. I am sooo shocked.
What a surprise
So what you're telling me is, the government is looking out for the government?
So how is something, that blatantly violates the 4th even allowed to be considered to continue?
Do you have a warrant? No? Then F off!
I hope these motherfuckers all go to prison.
All of these programs need to stay - after all, it sure did a good job in preventing Friday's.... Wait :(

I'm not trying to belittle or use the attacks, but they do seem like the kind of thing that the NSAs programs were supposed to reveal. Yes, its a different country but that the NSA still tapped their communications.
Let's just be honest.  The Bill of Rights is mostly dead and gone.  There's so many restrictions, limitations, and loopholes on the 1st, 2nd, 4th, 5th, 9th, and 10th amendments now I question why we even pretend anymore.  Even the Supreme Court will gleefully gut your rights in a hot second depending on the way the political winds blow.  
Interesting. Is the NSA lobby too strong?
Interesting. Is the NSA lobby too strong?
The 4th amendment has been killed. Good job Bush.
For those wondering,  the government does what it wants.  
I'm pretty sure that terrorists don't use landline and cell phone sim cards anymore. They use Playstation games, whatsapp, viber etc which are encrypted from end-to-end. NSA has no power on it. This is a waste of public resource. 
Don't worry, they are using the PS4 network instead ^^^^^^/s
That's fine because all my telephone calls are about my butthole.
Liberal twits seem to think that someone cares about their phone calls.  They cannot accept their insignificance.  The nations safety is much more significant than the losers on the left.
Status quo folks.  It's not ever going to change.  This type of spying and surveillance is Pandora's Box.  It's never, ever going to close.  Get used to it.
Pretty tricky case, am glad it will be continued. If this lawyer can shut down a most heinous attack on freedom then the terrorists loose. 
The fact is every major first world country has a massive surveillance program. Also, I doubt we're privy to every instance of terrorist plus ts being foiled. Just because we haven't heard about them doesn't mean they weren't interrupted. In fact it is feasibly beneficial for an all powerful secret police force to keep some its activity secret so criminals don't learn and adapt. 
  
I don't like the NSA, for the record, or our domestic spying program, but I rarely see people considering the possible benefits. Yes, its creepy, and Orwellian, and anti-Constitutional, and upsets our international relations, but there is a chance its actually helped too. The paradox of intelligence programs is its difficult to truly guage their effectiveness. 
  
At a certain point it seems like the government will have some big problems sifting through the massive quantity of net traffic it stores. However, its mere presence does mean that even terrorists must think twice.
Jesus what do some of you guys talk about on the phone that you're so worried about other people hearing....
Maybe because it complies with the current law? I know, boggles the mind! 
The 2nd issue here is: 11 years for a decision on the merits!!  

At what point does a judicial system become ineffective as a result of its inability to timely process matters?

Charles Dickens wrote a novel [Bleak House](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bleak_House) that concerned the probate of an estate that dragged on and on until nothing was left.  Dickens novel helped to spur an ongoing movement that culminated in the enactment of legal reform in the 1870s.  Commentators speculate that a source Dickens used was the real case of [Jennens vs Jennens](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/William_Jennens) " was abandoned in 1915 (117 years later)[citation] when the legal fees had exhausted the estate of funds."

**I'd like to see some sort of legal reform that expedites matters concerning government acts of spying, monitoring, and gag orders.**
With all the attention focused on the cyber space, I wonder if they still monitor what library books we check out?
only one thing to do boys, fill our browser history with the raunchiest porn ever made


...for Freedom
Either this is illegal or the 4th amendment is worthless.
I just don't understand how it's a federal fucking crime to go through my mail, but totally fine and your a goddamn terrorist if you don't let us go through your e-mail without even letting you know we're doing it, in fact we do it for just shits n giggles and hold on to it, til of course youre in trouble then we'll use all that shit against you.
That's why I have a computer specifically for running  incestuous bestiality rape snuff porn constantly. 

It's the perfect disguise. No one wants to admit to sifting through that 
How would my ISP know what I buy on an HTTPS link?
ELI5: how can something this blatantly unconstitutional happen for so long?
&gt; Continued nondisclosures orders beyond this period are permitted only if a Special Agent in Charge or a Deputy Assistant Director determines that the statutory standards for nondisclosure continue to be satisfied and that the case agent has justified, in writing, why continued nondisclosure is appropriate.

So the agent just needs to write 'yes' on a form, or more likely is told by his/her manager to justify the continuation of all nondisclosures, "aaaaand nothing to see here folks". 
NSL = signed blank check

Because no one would ever abuse that.
You can get all that stuff with 2703 orders and subpoenas, which are also not warrants.  
Bing: POV porn

Google: cardboard

Amazon: Tenga® Flip Cup


*your tax dollars at dork*

And these are supposed to be the good guys protecting our freedoms the terrorists hate so much?
[deleted]
Bunch of motherfucking nazis. What's next, we have to sign off all our internet communications with Heil Amerika?
So it's all fun to make cynical jokes and all but is there anything we can do about this? Would tor or a vpn help?

And where is the outrage of our politicians? And the people? Sure reddit is pissed about it but I bet if you ask joe schmoe who works at the electric company he would come back with the worn out phrase "well I've got nothing to hide"
I hope they made plenty of room for Star Wars themed buttplugs in their vast database!
The saddest part is tools like this are useless. They won't prevent terrorist attacks. The only thing that will end terrorism is ripping out the roots that cause such extremism. Things like these NSLs are just tools the FBI always wanted and terrorism gave them an excuse to do it.
Is this any different than a subpoena? Don't downvote if this question upsets you! Just answer please (:
Br....browsing history?
The secret police. 
Land of the free!
This is another type of corruption. Not economic corruption, but ideological one. Some people in the USA governement dont really believe in these rights and think that merelly redefining a crime into a legal thing it stop being criminal. People with ethics, contrary to our beliefs. They do whatever they want, dont believe in accountability by the citizens.  They believe themselves protectors, but are bad jail watchmen.
What can we expect from a bunch of guys whose last stint with technology was limited to Victrola records?  
[deleted]
Redditors be like: I use the internet as my personal journal and get mad that others can read it.  
Haha, I'm not gonna explain my logic to every response posted so I'll just sum it up. 

I am a logical human being. I make decisions every day. We all do. When I make an informed decision, I weigh the pros and cons of each option. 

When I consider the subject of mass surveillance, I fail to see even a single downside. The NSA literally track every method of digital communication and are able to find the locations of our cell phones if they want to. This is fact, it's part of the terrorism scare that has become increasingly worrying since it began in 2001. My point is that the NSA does this, yet no one really cares. No one cares because it doesn't hurt them in any way. When the government reads your emails and Facebook messages it does NOT IMPACT YOU. Why do people get so butt hurt about things that don't hurt them. No one in the NSA is telling your wife you're cheating on her or calling the DEA because you googled "how to make meth." A stranger reads your shit, the stranger determines you are not trying to kill people, the stranger moves on to the next random person. Of 300 million. 

The "pro" of mass surveillance is reduced domestic terrorism. People prefer the mass murder of citizens over one stranger MAYBE reading your emails calling in sick to work or the comments you made on that photo of your aunt's new dog. 

Okay there's my ideology you can downvote me but I'd be interested to hear how mass surveillance hurts you. My guess is that it has never, is not, and will never hurt you in any way. It might save your life one day though. 

Edit: And to those who cling to the 4th amendment as a defense: Clearly they do not give a single fuck about that. They do it anyways. Traffic stops, drug/bomb dogs in public places, and mass surveillance. They have no one to answer to. When they are forced to answer to the people that they are supposed to according to checks and balances, the Supreme Court upholds it. If you read the reasoning of the justices regarding the constitutionality of DUI checkpoints and apply them to mass surveillance, you'll see where I'm coming from. (See Michigan Department of State Police v. Sitz, 1990)

No one in the government cares that they violate rules (that they wrote) to protect Americans. And if somehow we made them follow the constitution they could just as easily change it. It's a living document and they will only follow the current rules as long as it's convenient for them. 
 
Edit 2: It doesn't matter that the people on Reddit have a problem with it. There is nobody in the world that can stop them. I would obviously prefer that nobody reads my private shit, buts that's not realistic. I've just come to terms with the fact that a stranger will probably read everything I say to make sure I'm not plotting the next 9/11. Even this. There's literally zero reason to give a shit about it. But if even one life is saved by preventing terrorism, then I don't mind. If the price I have to pay for safety (or perceived safety) is someone who doesn't know me reading my texts then I'll take it. The NSA has been doing it to me for years and I see no reason for them to stop. 

Edit 3: The United States government is too powerful for any of this to even matter. People love to say "Well what if we suddenly shift to a more obviously corrupt form of government and the NSA leaks people shit to discredit them?" If this is what our government becomes then they definitely will not need their surveillance to do it. If there was a politician or activist, like, say, Martin Luther King Jr., in this scenario who was theoretically completely clean, they would just threaten or kill said person to quiet them instead. It's what governments have been doing without internet for thousands of years. 

Edit 4: People have been bitching about it for 15 years and none of the terrible abuse of power  prophesies have come true. America just isn't like that right now. If countries with more authoritative dictatorships had the same infrastructure, I could totally see it turning into a huge problem. I don't see these issues occurring at the moment in America, so I don't know how anybody can cling to an ideology that is based on a book they read in high school. There is no precedence to suggest that our government will become the evil syndicate that naysayers of mass surveillance say it will. Things like discrediting activists or silencing politicians who have dissenting views? It's been 15 years and it hasn't happened yet. Not that I'm saying that this has never been abused, it's used wrongly all the time. The relatively minor abuses that have occurred are all things that have been occurring for decades without the internet. Corrupt government officials are gonna be corrupt officials with or without the National Security Agency's help. They will get illegitimate warrants if they want to. 

In my opinion, my PMs (private message) are still private. The NSA can see them. But everyone whose opinion can impact my life cannot see them. It is still private in the connotative definition of the word. I am certain information in my PMs is private information. No one I know has access to it and they will never see it. This is why I don't believe that mass surveillance is an invasion of privacy. 

Everyone who downvoted all my comments has texts, messages, and history that they believe are private. No one in their lives can see it, so, it's private. They have "private conversations" every day. Even though they KNOW that the NSA is reading them they certainly wouldn't describe them as "public." My point is that if a stranger looks at your messages and then immediately forgets about them, your words are still, for all intents and purposes of the term, private. It's your personal things that only you have access to. 
Is this really a surprise at this point? I mean given that we're hearing about this basic tool I'm assuming the NSA/CIA/whoever is eons ahead of relying on this alone. If this tool were the tip of the iceberg, that'd be unsettling.  

Edit: apparently people aren't disturbed by more surveillance capabilities that we don't know about? That's fine, you can keep your karma.
shh bby is ok
Unless you have somthing to hide who cares.  
Why is this bad? The only reason to care is if you are a terrorist or child porn distributor. 
Yeah, NBC news last night was already playing up the whole, if only the terrorists could have been monitored, but they had that evil encryption on their side narrative.  
They probably never used encryption. A phone call. Lets go for coffee. Discuss plans in the middle of a big park.  No matter how much eavesdropping they do there will always be ways around eavesdropping.
It's amazing how quickly they have gone from "spying on you? you must be a crazy tin-foil hat dude we would never spy on you" to " ok we were spying on you" to "it's vitally important that we are allowed to spy on you"
That's awful that they'd try to use a tragedy such as this to try and garner support for intelligence agencies.  Well, I guess that's politics for you.  You see and opportunity and you grab it, no matter how greasy it is.
Last two sentences in the article:

&gt; We've also known since the 9/11 Commission submitted its report that the government's inability to foil the largest and most sophisticated terrorist attack in history was based on its failure to share and analyze information, not because it was unable to scoop up everything that happens on the internet in real-time. 

&gt;Terrorism's greatest threat is its ability to provoke us into harming ourselves through fear and haste. Don't fall for lazy horror stories from people who want to destroy privacy on the internet for everyone.

Well said.
Some bureaucrats want to keep their jobs. They will spin any story to keep them. 
 
What they are doing right now did not stop this attack. [The mass data collection prior to this did not stop any other attack.](http://digg.com/2015/why-mass-surveillance-cant-wont-and-never-has-stopped-a-terrorist) Isn't this justification for not giving them more money?
 
It's infiltration that stops these sorts of things. 
Wasn't it already confirmed that the terrorists were using the most basic forms of technology. Only spoke in person, and only texted to "hang out at the cafe"? Can't believe they're using this to push their own agenda...
I heard something to this effect on NPR as early as Saturday morning. They were talking to someone who might have been a French investigator or a US one I don't remember, but he said "I guarantee you that when we really start to look into this we're going to find out that the terrorists coordinated their efforts using smartphone apps that send self destructing encrypted messages." He then blamed those apps for preventing them from stopping the attack. Despite this however, suddenly after the attack we've identified all the people who were involved, who their connections are, where they came from, and where the attack was planned, and who coordinated it all less than 24 hours later. So what, did they all just stop using encryption right after the attack? "Ah well, we're done here  let's let them catch us all now." Seems like traditional investigative work is operating unimpeded.
Imagine you were spying on billions of people, and they each produced 10 pieces of data (phone call, text email, etc.) a day. 

This data is sucked up and stored by the NSA. You can search by peoples names, affiliations or other known data. 

But if you don't know any of this base information. You have 20-30 billion pieces of information to sort through... every day.

Even with the countless monies we throw at the NSA it's basically too much data and no matter how many brilliant people with complicated algorithms running on countless processors, you just can't create logic where none exists.

As such, the NSA is basically useless for predicting terrorism with any real certainty. Even if you identified individuals and monitored them 24/7, they would likely not share their confidential plans via unencrypted channels or in any sort of plain text readable format. Decrypting these communications still takes time so whatever data you do have is useless in the short term.

TL;DR - NSA does not have the capability to predict the future due to too much data to sift through or encryption preventing sifting.
Even if these useless tards *found* information that pointed to an attack they would simply let it happen to *possibly* find out more information on the targets.

That's how this anon. / twitter argument is going right? Pointless to actually do anything because we might find more information...?

I'm really disappointed in my country right now, I can't even tell who the real bad guys are anymore
What if we made all evidence collected by intelligence agencies inadmissible in criminal or civil court with the exclusion to terrorist activities? Is that a viable compromise?
this post loses so much credibility for saying 'like crazy'. sounds like a 6th grader wrote it
You cant let people know about your spying, then purposely let something like this happen, and not expect people to wonder why you didn't stop it. 
The US government ~~is~~ was already lying like crazy about surveillance ~~after~~ before the Paris attacks.
All the billions spent in spying by all countries and the events of Paris will continue to happen. Stop taking freedoms from those not guilty
No shit. They are exploiting and lying about a terrorist attack so that they can invade Syria. Its the whole reason they armed and funded ISIS, its American foreign policy 101.
So is Jeb Bush.. They must have all got the memo to push for surveillance or else...... 
Every disaster is a welcome opportunity to extend control.
Lying? A government? I REFUSE TO BELIEVE IT :p
The contempt the GOP and many blue dog dems like Obama have for our Constitutional right to privacy is disgusting.
Encryption control is the new control. Never let a crisis go to waste. Eh government cronies? 
I don't get it. Didn't Iraq explicitly warn France a day before the attack about the terrorist attacks? What makes the government think surveillance can help when they can't even listen to a plain-text warning?
The motive for the mainstream media in playing up the 'encryption is bad' narrative is directly related to any specific news outlet's relation to ***perceived*** losses to digital piracy. Also, what the hell, shoutout to Comcast and NBC!
Only one line is needed to show that their methods of surveillance/inaction are ineffective:

&gt;These people were known to authorities.


Every time there is a terrorist attack, the perps are **known to the security services**.

They know about these people, yet do nothing about them.

**That** is the issue here, when they know someone is a risk but fail to act.

They do not need more surveillance to find these people, they just need to act on the information they have.
If they can't do it with secret illegal programs, what makes us think that they can do the job at all.  I'll take my chances.  
&gt;already lying like crazy

You know this makes it really hard for me to take this post and that link seriously right OP?
I'm getting sick and tired of the narrative that America is always wrong and lying. ISIS just shot up Paris and blew up a passenger jet. Instead of any outrage against ISIS, the headline is how America lied. It's not impossible for an intelligence agency to have been able to stop some attacks but not others based on encryption. 
What sort of freedom and privacy are people trying to protect?  My impression from most of my friends is that they're just worried they're going to get busted for smoking pot.  We can just legalize marijuana and maybe people will stop freaking out.  I don't care if the government wants access to my boring-ass phone calls and communications.  Anyone who tried to actually listen to or read them would just fall asleep.  No one cares about your nudie pics or your casual drug use.  I personally don't need people to die for the sake of my "privacy".  What the fuck is there to be afraid?  The government doesn't have the time, money, manpower, or funding to go through all our stuff all the time and then pursue every little bit of weirdness.  I'm a doctor and I have access to a lot of deeply personal information for may patients.  I could read that someone got herpes and AIDS from anal sex with their cousin while high on molly, LSD, coke, etc, and I promise you I'd have forgotten it tomorrow.  I don't care about your "embarrassing" personal stuff.  I only care about the information I need to do my job, which is figure out what's medically wrong and how to fix it.  I can only imagine that security feels the same way.  We don't live in a book or a movie.  This isn't 1984.
[deleted]
Interesting that they used US Carnegie Mellon and somehow this gives the illusion that it becomes legal this way. How come if the FBI would do it would be illegal but when a university does it, it's different? The university should be held liable for breaking the law to prevent future actions like this to happen. It's disgusting at the same time that a university lends itself to do these kind of tasks, they aren't even police jobs anymore as the article itself claims, they are simply illegal attacks.
First sentence: "Anonymity network Tor, *notorious for illegal activity*..."

Way to front load a bias against Tor at the outset of the article.    

Edit:  a letter

I'm not sure that CMU as a school should be vilified or entirely put to blame here. 

The research was almost certainly conducted by CERT, and the money paid either went directly to CERT or the [Software Engineering Institute](http://www.sei.cmu.edu/about/) (SEI), not CMU. CERT was born at CMU in the 80s, but they're now a [Federally Funded Research and Development Lab](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Federally_funded_research_and_development_centers) operating under the SEI. SEI's sponsors are DoD and the Army. CERT is in a weird position where the bulk of their contracts are for DHS and DoD, but they still do research at an academic level, and teach courses at CMU. From the [CERT website](http://www.cert.org/about/): 
"*The CERT Division is enriched by its connection to the internationally respected Carnegie Mellon University. Our proximity to other world-class researchers and practitioners enables numerous collaboration opportunities and strengthens our research focus. And because the CERT Division is located within the SEI, a federally funded research and development center at Carnegie Mellon University, the majority of our work contributes to government and national security efforts.*"

Over the years, it got to the point where there were so many government contracts that there was a split: now there's CERT (associated with the SEI at CMU) and US-CERT, a [full-on government organization](https://www.us-cert.gov/about-us). 

So in summary, do I think CMU gets the brunt of this anger? No. Do I think that things are way too murky between the work the SEI and CERT do, considering its affiliation with CMU? Perhaps. Should they split entirely from CMU to become a full-fledged government organization (similar to what US-CERT did) so that they can conduct this type of work? Yes. Will that ever happen? No. I don't think it will, because the operating budgets both CERT and SEI comprehensively have are way too big for CMU to just let go of, and because of the academic research that still occurs.

Edit: added one more link to SEI's site
Aren't most terrorist attacks organised and planned then stopped by the FBI?

They probably needed funding for thier cyber security division.
Ars had a good short piece on the fbi's 'denial': http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2015/11/fbi-the-allegation-that-we-paid-cmu-1m-to-hack-into-tor-is-inaccurate/
This shit is so creepy. Government agencies continually caught being shady / unconstitutional, yet we'll move on with our lives just praying we don't come in the cross hairs of shady government employees. Whether that's the FBI or your local police officer. When are we going to stand up and say enough is enough? What is it going to take? 

Wait, the NSA is listening to all of our phone calls and emails? Oh well. Guess that's still not enough. I'll just continue reading headlines like "court rules NSA wiretapping is likely unconstitutional." "Likely". Classic. 
There person who wrote this article doesn't even understand the very basics of technology...
The story starts with:

"Anonymity network Tor, notorious for illegal activity \[...\]"

It appears the BBC has a bit of an agenda.
Can someone explain which part of this action, specifically, was illegal?

Would that then have consequences for convictions stemming out of Operation Onymous? 
Let us all rnemeber MKULTRA and the scores of fake medical clinics at university front for CIA experiments on children. 
With the UK planning on storing everyone's internet history for a year, maybe it's about time for some of us who care about basic privacy to start switching over to TOR...
I remember having an online conversation in the late 00s with a guy who was a committed user of the Tor network and one of the most zealous people I've ever known about online privacy. He was a CMU student at the time and my hunch is that he is furious about this news.
It feels like they are demonizing TOR in general. 
https://www.reddit.com/r/geekdays/comments/3sk9w9/fbi_accused_of_paying_us_university_for_dark_net/
What do you mean accused? They openly admit to do in shit like this, 
What's a dark net attack?
Accused? People, its par for the course.
Shouldn't they be able to hack without having to hire someone? It's a pretty good debate, should hacking be an allowed tool for them if it's going to take down something so very illegal? 
So that's how we're affording all the construction on campus. (Largest expansion since the school was founded)
[deleted]
Badly researched, badly written propagandist drivel. Shame on you BBC. 
FBI: I can't figure out this whole TOR thing. Can't we get some naive person to do it?

CMU nerds: Oh hey! A problem to solve!
It's the fbi, I don't put anything past those guys. Also since it looks like there are some tor users here - I get the purpose of it, to make your activity private, but what really is the dark Web? It's just unlisted websites you can't really get to otherwise right? How does using tor grant access to such a thing? Is it automatic? There's so much content on the plain Internet that I could never read it all even without a whole new side to check out... 
Looks like they're using the Chinese strategy. 
Well it's a good thing we have all this surveillance. You know, so we can make sure terror attacks don't happen. 
Once again the old saying variation holds true: "In the absence of significant disincentives to do something, assume that someone is already doing it."
I accuse tupac of playing the tuba on a tricycle. 

See how that works?
This is pretty interesting. Rutgers University has had a few network takedowns in the past year or two that have lasted between a day or two to a week. After every attack the FBI was supposedly involved in trying to get the guy who did it, who proclaimed he did on twitter. Wonder if it was all a ruse.
The government didn't need to pay anyone to compromise tor, they're responsible for its initial creation and have run a number of nodes for ages. It was compromised before it even got off the ground.
They're probably using it to spy on isis and help take them out.
The shoe is suddenly on the other table - which has turned.

We like it when researchers try to break other crypto systems (with a paper yesterday on attempts to break kerberos by spoofing with a fake TGT server).

We're all for attacks on HTTPs, OpenSSL, DH, Android, Apple, Chrome, IE, Safari, WEP, WPA, WhatsApp.

But don't got date try to attack TOR:

&gt; Such action is a violation of our trust and basic guidelines for ethical research. We cannot believe would get approval from any CMU review panel
[More than four out of five Tor hidden services site visits were to online destinations with pedophilia materials](http://www.wired.com/2014/12/80-percent-dark-web-visits-relate-pedophilia-study-finds/)

The moderation on the clean(er) forum sites on the Dark Web that can appear on the clear web using a proxy isn't very good neither, because it's like 4Chan, post then wait for a mod to come around and catch it. So it can sit there for days or weeks even because most on the Dark Web don't care if they see pedophilia or not so they are not reporting it.

Most should stay away from using TOR unless they a whistle blower, it's honey trap city on the Dark Web.

Your IP will be flagged by your ISP and they will be watching your traffic for any tell tale signatures of known images/files being transferred, even partially.

Most anyone who promotes TOR/Dark Web is either a cop or a pedophile, it has absolutely zero value for most people.

Don't buy into the TOR privacy lie, there is nothing much of anything one needs to hide (the NSA/FBI are the greatest porn watchers of all) and the risk of being directed to a Dark Web cp site too great.

Edit: Clarified difference between TOR and Dark Web. Can't see the really bad sites unless TOR is used as those sites are often blocked.


This title is misleading.

"Internet software and Internet catalog retail industries" is not "all online revenue"

This puts total internet revenue at $300 B per year. I don't understand how they are calculating total revenue? I think 300 B sounds much too low. There's tons of small sources of revenue which add up. It only counts publicly traded companies, and I'm not sure how they account for what is internet revenue vs non-internet. Is that US only?
This is wrong I'm sure, the Chinese eBay's make way more. Alibaba alone pulled in 9.3 billion dollars on singles day (11/11) last year.

Source: http://www.businessinsider.com/alibaba-singles-day-sales-2014-11
&gt; The Internet was supposed to democratize and open up information, commerce and communication

Erm none of the data presented disputes that having happened. This is an index for "Internet companies"
Microsoft isn't even on the fucking list. 
All it really shows is how fucking stupid it is to have a list of internet companies, because the power of the internet is not in spawning completely new areas of work, but in massively changing how nearly all our business, money communications has been happening. 

This is more comcast FUD on technology moving forward
Well, good for them. I still remember when they were just startups, and all the experts were mocking their business plans.  ;)
screw you and your auto play super loud video website link
How about eBay?
What about Steam?
What about apple?  iTunes has to have a large share too.
This makes no sense .  Online revenue in the US is  few trillion dollars and trust me , google and amazon ain't making that.

&gt;Yahoo    
Internet titan

Ayy
"... Cause everyone knows in my neighborhood, the best deals around, Amazon's shit is blessed, got the whole net on **lockdoooooownnn**"
Forget revenue, look at the profits: Alphabet/Google is taking in FAR more than Amazon is and I can't wait for them to get to 100%.

&gt;Internet profit is even more concentrated than revenue is. Alphabet generated $16.4 billion in net profit over the past twelve months, which accounts for two-thirds of the aggregate net income collected by all the Internet companies in the Russell 3000. Since Amazon is a retailer and makes a profit on a smaller portion of its revenue than Alphabet, its profit the past 12 months is just 1.3% of the industry's total. Facebook trails Alphabet, claiming 11% of the industry's total net income.

go Alphabet. They'll own everything soon. Every web industry and service.
Liberty Interactive?
This seems pretty monopolistic.
You would think they could afford to pay their taxes then would you?
What are we doing to end internet income and inequality?
According to NewYork news &amp; politics these guys are sucking up more than "half of the spoils from the estimated $300 billion internet economy" I wonder if Walmart will be able to gain market share with their online initiative.
[deleted]
No wonder Verizon and AT&amp;T and Comcast are trying to steal a piece of that.
When you think about how they create practically no new jobs... yep we're fucked.
Wow how much Google makes from our privacy yet they still want to avoid taxes.
Yesterday I got up and went shopping at Bed Bath and Beyond. Picked out everything, put out all in a cart and then barcode scanned everything on my phone and bought all on Amazon because the checkout line was too long. 
Compare that to how much the stodgy Best Buy does in revenue, and we start to see things differently.  
Porn *has* to be number three then. 
when is congress going to break up these monopolies

Very misleading unless you believe 70% of total online revenue is only $300 billion. 
Extreme centralization is dangerous. Open Bazaar instead of Amazon. Storj instead of g$$gle cloud. Encrypted p2p messaging instead of NSAmail. We can do it.
Amazon is awesome I have no problem giving them all the monies
Monolithic business like that isn't a good thing.
...and they want more.
So Alphabet is Walmart and Amazon is Target?
I'm not sure but I don't think I have ever bought anything from Google.
Where are the mods? Remove these click bait post titles, please. They're so blatantly inaccurate. 

Can we make reddit better? I hate that it's gone from the front page of the internet to the liberal tabloid center of the internet.
And they are not regulated and why.

A bank controls less cash flow, yet it is regulated. These companies can bankrupt nearly any small business, loose the owner his home, life savings, family, etc. just because the owner did something they don't like (albeit perfectly legal). eBay are also very guilty of this practice, not just Amazon.
[deleted]
In the world eh?
Google/Amazon need to become Internet Big Brother and Big Sister.  
All companies sell through them and are verified as legit.  

As much as I hate a controlled internet, some parts of it need to be or else we run the risk of the 90s era scam sites stealing CC info.
Amazon sets up new AWS region in UK. There is indication that it will be operational in 2016. This will be the third AWS in the EU. Amazon data centers provides a quick and low latency access to websites, application and their cloud services. 
More people need to boycott Amazon.  
All we need is Amazon and ebay.  Other shops can get bent.
[deleted]
Why is the US government making it easier for the *cyber*-terrorists to attack us?
Policy makers wont let such a thing as common sense ruin their narrative. 
They have use simple terms like 'bad guys' so the politicians can understand them.
Another reason not to vote for Hillary Clinton if you ask me.
I really can't understand why are those companies protecting us, the users. (or trying to)

I mean, it is good, yes, but it's... unexpected.
Bad guys... Like the US government? 
more importantly, decryption won't stop terrorism. . . . at all.  If terrorists know that the government is monitoring twitter/facebook/etc then they will just use something super obscure for communication, like Clash of Clans.  Does the government honestly think they can monitor all internet chatter in the world?
This is like the most obvious statement of the day. Interesting to see who finally wins the day 
politicians vs businesses. who will win?
I bet ISPs owned by cable companies are on the other side.
if these 4 companies agree on something you know that it has to be a serious issue.
I can't take seriously any post with the word "bad guys" in it. 
Don't politicians have their own shit they have to hide? 
the gov IS the bad guys
Obvious statement is obvious. 
They should all put a message on their front page explaining all this shit and how the government want to spy on you.
congressmen: and my pocket fatter
When I searched there seemed to be able to build backdoors that could offer us the same reasons.
I don't think there could be a more definitive opinion than this one. 
You can crack a message on their front page explaining all this shit and how the government honestly think they can monitor all internet chatter in the implementation of the encryption algorithm itself.
Encryption is 100% necessary *because* bad guys exist. Anti-encryption not only makes everybody transparent to governments, but also to enemies. I highly doubt anti-encryption laws will be passed.
How the fuck is this even a conversation? I know its been a story for a while now, but what the fuck.  Banning encryption? LOL suck my balls what a waste of time and energy on such absolute stupidity
Hold on a sec. Aren't THEY themselves the bad guys?
Can someone please explain exactly how weak encryption helps the 'bad guys'? Seriously, I want to know how outlawing encryption would aid terrorists. "Oh shit, Mike Hunt won't be at the Bataclan? Cancel the attack!"

Weak encryption helps the Chinese steal IP. It doesn't help ISIS. WTF for real.
Anyone with a brain can see this, why is this even being questioned.
They are the bad guys.
The 'intelligence services' are effectively forming a para-government, this coordinated propaganda push against encryption is to drive the tools of total surveillance forwards.
maybe its the bad guys who are trying to convince everyone encryption is bad.
Actually , backdoors in encryption software isn't a new issue. Dual_EC_DRBG[1] had(most likely) such backdoor. Nobody has managed to crack it as far as we know. 

There are other rumors for NSA backdoors, but i haven't yet heard about any of them having been cracked by someone. 

Altough sure , it's a possibility and a risk. 

Also , in theory , the same way we design encryption protocols to be hard to crack - based on math , maybe , just maybe , we can do something similar with backdoors ?

[1]https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dual_EC_DRBG
''Bad guys''

Fuck these corporate drones treating othes like children.
Another thing is... An encryption is more like a lock, it keeps an honest man honest. If it can be decrypted, it can be broken into. Hell, if it can be hashed, it can be broken (aka rainbow tables). Yes it is harder to break an encryption and the data isn't just sitting there in plain site. An encryption key is like a password - it can be broken.
Yeh says google who has not standardised encryption across its  android devices and for the ones that do have it, it's absolutly terrible. 
In 2017, Apple starts its own country. CEO Tim Cook explains: "We just couldn't deal with the retards in Washington anymore. It was surreal -- you'd say something that everyone else takes for granted, and these politicians and spy weirdos would keep saying no, no, no, you gotta do it this way. And you couldn't take sense into them. It was hopeless. They were just permanently stuck on full retard, so finally I just gave up."
Together those guys also represent a significant majority of internet-based messaging today (Hangouts, iMessage, Skype, and Whatsapp).

If they feel so strongly about this why don't they actually get together and develop the "one messaging API to rule them all."

They can encrypt the shit out of it, publish the source to the underlying system, and then compete to make the best client.

Then, all of a sudden, almost everyone would be using a trusteable, private messaging platform and there would no longer be any arbitrary barriers to messaging friends who have adopted a different protocol than you.

Surely, in 2015, there's no longer a real benefit to having proprietary chat protocols, is there? A few years ago, maybe, but now everyone's got one. Hell, teaming up like this would arguably save them money since they could split the development resources.

It's what happened to email and I really long for the day when it happens to IM. I use gmail because I happen to like the interface, but can you imagine if you could only email people using the same email provider as you?
At least the logic of "If things are encrypted then bad guys will use encryption" isn't flying with people.
I.e. you don't have to intercept it and break it.  We'll just give it to you.
This is just another fine example of Department of Defense government contracting.  Seriously, this happens a lot more than most people know.  The trouble is that usually it is really hard to hold companies responsible, since the requirements for the project and contract wording is so extremely vague and has loopholes the size of semi-trucks.  You basically have a bunch of people who want X and have no idea what is involved with creating X, getting conned by people who talk an amazing game and bullshit to get the contract.  Then, if it all goes wrong... those people never get held accountable.

I worked at one DoD contractor, where a sub-contractor charged us $250K for a black and white camera system on a gimbal.  It did not have proper heat dissipation and was very sensitive to not being shut down properly... because it lacked positioning sensors on the gimbal it was mounted on.  If you shut it down improperly, it would forget where it last moved and be completely unable to determine where it was pointing.  Kind of a big deal, especially when it was fully possible for it to slam itself against the payload container housing.  A bad thing to happen to something that would need to work trouble free for a month or so while 60,000ft in the air.  Of course the company I was working for passed the cost onto the cost plus contract.

If any government organization decides to contract work out instead of doing it interally, usually someone negotiating that contract is getting a kickback or knows someone that is.  The defense budget could be easily halfed and be at twice as efficient, if the government would start doing projects interally and drop the whole military industrial complex contracting system.  But, too many people are making too much money for that to ever happen.
Could be worse.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ADE_651
The real problem here are the people who ordered this junk and thought that is was in any way acceptable to pay $240,000 for this toy "system". Even at $5,000 the price is ludicrous.

That they didn't bother to validate the manufacturer's claims is just added insult to injury.
Kickbacks?  A company I once worked for was thinking of developing a cheap robot with a camera that could be used to get a look at what was going on during a firefight without exposing soldiers.  The idea was to buy cheap RV cars and add cameras.  A thousand of them would cost the same as one of the high tech robots that they have.  Soldiers could even buy them with their own money and have that extra level of safety.  But that is not how "procurement" works.  It has to have an exorbitant cost and be certified to work in arctic conditions even if it is being deployed in the desert.  Trying to save taxpayers money seldom works.
You'd think if they were making a purchase of that size, they'd actually research into what it was they were buying.
Misled my ass... it's called bribery. 

I sell you 100 paper clips for 1000$ each. You take half the cut, I take the other half. The taxpayers foot the bill. When people find out, everyone blames something intangible, like red-tape as the cause and we move on to the fresh news about the 500$ bottles of water sold to another state department. 


Who is really at fault, the people selling toys, or the people that paid 240,000 for them? 
So, where's the links to these drones on amazon?
IMHO it's no different from companies selling industrial class servers at "Whatever the market will bear" prices - easily tripple civilian costs for similar equipment. 
Lack of specs, and brother in laws, make procurement such a dicey proposition.
Where "misled" means "convinced with healthy kick back"
How does someone manage to spend $240,000 on something and have no idea what you're getting? Corruption on both sides here.
Propaganda.

Next thing you know, the liberal media will claim a $50 Estwing is better than $2,000 Account-Padder^^TM
Or rather, the military mislead themselves.
sounds like govt. We had order equipment that was 3x if not 4x the amount of what it coast. 3' weight  board $150. Basic Hammer Drill $300 to $400. There is a lot of over spending in the DOD. A lot of it has to do with, how the funding works. 
LOL!  The good old US military industrial complex is still robbing the taxpayers in the name of freedom.
Military Industrial Complex at work again!

This is the perfect example of what happens when money is no object - purchases will be made because there is no hard budget, and bad purchasing decisions or great purchasing decisions have no consequence on one's job and an agency's future budget.  
lmao but people are downvoting me in another thread because I don't think a government group called the 'task force for race relations' is the key to solving racism


Can't we just hire Consumer Reports to be our purchaser for the DoD?
Yeah, but i'm sure theres kickbacks. Taxpayer gets screwed.
Darn, that sucks. Think about all the money wasted on these things, where it could have been spent more wisely on Israel.  
  
/s
This is so pervasive it is almost comical. 
http://gizmodo.com/it-contractors-who-let-russians-write-military-code-wil-1740830362

I work for a consultancy that's under a prime. It is a ridiculous waste of money and nobody really knows what they are doing. I'm so tempted to go back to the private sector, but the money is there so...
Who said this was a mistake.  Good old boys are always willing to help each other out at the taxpayer's expense.
I'm quite sure this is how all military contracting works.
They signed contracts in 2012/2013 and finally get around to comparing them to commercial options in late 2015... Of course 3 years later there will be nicer tech in the commercial field.
The people should be negotiating our healthcare costs. AMIRIGHT?
Alright, I'm calling bullshit on this one. I looked up fixed wing drones in that price range on Amazon. I came up with this: 

http://www.amazon.com/Robotics-3DR-Aero-M-Mapping-Aircraft/dp/B00TWQAR0Q/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1447030408&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=drone+fixed+wing

It looks like little more than a lightweight RC plane with a 12mp camera and mapping software. The exposed styrofoam is partially covered by stickers and held together by rubber bands. According to the single review, which is a verified purchase, "if you drop it on grass it will break to pieces."

I'm not going to defend Prioria for what they did, but it seems incredibly unfair to compare their product to a hobby drone with a nice camera. 
At first sight I read: "foam wig". The future is going to collapse with a deadly flying wigs army invation :)
Pretty sure they come with some pretty powerful mapping software.
All I'm hearing is that I can get an assault drone from Amazon for only 5k.
With profit margins like that, you would think they would at least have the decency not to sell refurbished units as new.
This article doesn't have enough information, and rightfully so. Was the contract for hardware and software? A cheap drone doesn't matter. What matters is if it can reliably do what it is supposed to. My pet peeve is people referring to remote controlled planes as drones, because that's not what a drone is. A drone goes into the air and follows a programmed path, looking for things that it's programming tells it to look for. If the programming on this drone told it how to track specific vehicles over time, then the money went to the software that tells it how to do that. If it's just a hardware solution without any software, then yes, this is a ripoff. 
This is why they need to change the rules on compensation and retention of federal acquisition personal. Veterans, native american, and military spouse preferences shouldn't apply to critical positions. Opposed to dragging the bottom looking for people to hand out billion dollar contracts.
"never forget that your weapon was made by the lowest bidder"
Somebody got a kickback.
Soooo.... with government procurements,  it's not uncommon to request a sample of the product before making the purchase. Glad to see they don't care enough to make a simple request.
What a surprise.
This just proves that people don't mind grossly overpaying and being wasteful as long as they're spending someone else's money.
This was not an accident.  Whoever authorized this payment to this company received a hefty kickback, is related to the heads of this company, and or owns stock in this company guaranteed.  Most likely all three.  This is how government works. 
War is Boring is really not a reliable source. Do you have anything else to confirm with?
Seems like pissing off the military by selling them shit should lead to some really unpleasant consequences.
Brilliant. I'm loving our tax dollars at work lining someones pockets. The military thinks it costs $5,000 for a hammer and $10,000 for a toilet seat.. They burn through their unlimited budget without much thought at all it seems.
Perfect example of or government's ineptitude. 
Isn't that the same thing that happened to the F35?
And how many billion over budget is that new fighter plane? Cutting waste is good, but it might be better to stop up that bleeding arteries first then bandage the paper cuts. 
That's normal, $5,000 goes to Amazon, $235,000 is split between the supplier and the General that approved the acquisition.
Inevitable when you have a massive government and military industrial complex. 
classic America.

now watch how many people lose their jobs over this.

I bet it's zero.

it turned really into a not accountable government.

we did something wrong? yep, moving on. acting more and more like a kindergarten.
DoD contracts are not very useful in terms of them spending our tax dollars effectively. I know someone who used to work in construction, and put a bid up to do one of these DoD contracts.

Basically, they wanted lead coating on the walls because of some bullshit where they thought the Chinese government could "see through the walls" to spy on the flight simulators in the building.

So, the guy I know put in a bid to land the contract. He estimated the cost to do it all, and ended up with a pretty generous number, where everyone would have been happy. He knew someone who was accepting the bids, and they practically told him that his bid was too low and that he should DOUBLE the price and resubmit.

He ended up getting the contract, even after doubling the cost because he was still the lowest bidder. Thats just low effort pricing on the government's part.
Maybe at this point the military needs to start buying and building its own equipment...
Good. The more money wasted on toys the less spent on civilian killing bombs.

You know what the smartest thing the US could do is? Give 99.9% of the dod budget to nasa. World peace within a generation will be the payout... And a defanged military industrial complex/police state authoritarian congress would be one hell of a bonus.
Netflix made a very powerful friend.
Disney has seen the future and it's not traditional TV. They signed the agreement in 2012, moving away from Starz, so they've seen it for awhile. I'll have to pat Disney on the back for not creating their own video service, since they could have done it. Disney also created the Marvel Unlimited digital comic book service, which would have made me poop myself if that existed back when I was into comic books. They never figured out how to make a good video game based on a movie though.
Am I the only one who noticed that the first line is terribly written?

  &gt;&gt;"While the world...may be quite smitten with Netflix, Inc. but other businesses do not feel the same way. To be more specific Time Warner Inc."

  Wut.
Nowhere was it mentioned that [Disney owns 32%](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hulu) of Hulu. Disney has a vested interest in not paying for bandwidth. 
This is important because there is really only one [mega] studio in Hollywood now...Disney.

Everyone else is so far behind they are all fighting for 10th place.  Only Universal is on top of the bottom feeders this year, just because they had more luck with releases than others have. 

Comcast own NBC/Universal and Comcast is trying to level a Netflix Tax on all their users by trying to charge for going over new caps that only affect people who use the Internet for watching Netflix, etc.

This is, of course, why we shouldn't allow regional monopolies for megacorporations that actually merge with content creators and now act as ISPs as well...in essence competing with themselves.  Ahem.

[edit: Netflix for NetFlix and clarity of Disney as a movie megastudio conglomerate]
FFS, I couldn't get past all the grammatical errors in the first few sentences. *No one* proofreads anymore.
I just hope this means that the Star Wars franchise is actually coming to Netflix.
People keep saying "until they make their own Netflix". They have their own download service called disneymoviesanywhere.com . You can link your account to other services but it is still their own service. They just play nice with others.
I didn't see the "co" in the title, that would have made him the most determined man to oppose Comcast
This is similar to a schoolyard fight.

Comcast is the nerdy kid who knows how to bluff and bluster.

Netflix is another, slightly older, nerdy kid who knows enough to bring his friend's 200 lb, 6 foot 1 inch brother to fight for him.
http://i.imgur.com/HXZ25aE.gif
It's amazing to me how foolish T/W has been - even with their awful studio choices for DC movies (besides Nolan's of course) and the boneheaded moves to try to 'biz dev' their way into competition. 

Disney definitely has enough content and franchises to spread it around and see what works but DC/WB is so far behind and seems so disorganized it's not even funny.

And then there's NBCcast trying to tax Netflix on the side . . .

Disney is doing so well. I'm so happy for them. So many steps in a positive direction. I feel like as a company they learned a lot from their relationship with Pixar. A lot of these projects today can thank them for the groundwork they laid. And everyone benefits, especially the consumer.
"It's really important...to maintain flexibility because it's a dynamic marketplace that continues to change." WHY DOESN'T EVERYONE UNDERSTAND THIS? 
Disney is rather famous for controlling the availability of their movies,  Netflix will allow them to make a specific movie disappear when they want them to disappear. 
Good to see one of the 7 big media giants standing up for the little guy. 

...or is Netflix becoming the 8th?
Who wrote this article. It's garbage. 

Edit: maybe the same guy who wrote my comment; a word 
Why do companies think we're going to want to have dozens of $5-20 subscriptions every month for every little thing?  Why can't we just have Hulu for all current TV shows (and anything Netflix doesn't have), and Netflix for all the original content and blockbuster movies?  I don't want to pay everyone... if you're not one of those companies just get your shit uploaded on there, take whatever money you can get, or it will be pirated and you won't get anything.
I guess comcast likes having their content pirated. Lets limit availability, no one can get around that. I can't believe they haven't figured this out yet.
Does Netflix have a licensing deal in place with TW right now?  If so, wouldn't it be illegal for TW to delay their content?  Wouldn't the licensing deal specify how quickly Netflix gets access to their content?
Apparently in Sweden the ISP fight for your freedoms as opposed to trying to squeeze out every cent from you.
This whole thing just seems silly to me. I think if it was explained to lawmakers properly it might make a difference in how things like this are enforced.

Forcing an ISP to block traffic to a certain place because it MIGHT be used to download illegal content is the same as forcing the DOT to block roads that lead to a nightclub because people MIGHT go there and do drugs. The DOT should block roads to anyplace that something illegal MIGHT happen.

Is it really any different?
What a crap title.
Then charge all gun companies with murder.
Watching major corporations gradually close in on the Web reminds me of sentiments the folk of Red Dead Redemption often expressed about civilization taking over the wild west.
We had our great frontier in the wild web, but I begrudgingly suspect it's end is just as inevitable.
[no shit](http://opensourcescholars.github.io/os-preso/images/Stallman3.jpg)
&gt; argued that Bredbandsbolaget should be held liable for Internet piracy carried out by its own subscribers

YEAH, and gun manufacturers should be held liable for murders committed with their guns. THIS IS MAKING SENSE NOW.

Oh wait, no it's not.
"The end of the Internet" is thrown around an awful lot these days :p. I think I'll just wait and see. My money is not on it. 
My ISP has blocked the Pirate Bay for me.
When will they learn that they cannot kill this by taking down a site. Like the heads of a Hydra, another will promptly take it's place. It is similar to people trying to remove embarrassing content from the web, it almost never works and typically exacerbates the problem. Yes, this will set precedent and make it easier to do this to future incarnations, but with the current model of the internet, it is just not effective. 
I'm not condemning nor condoning piracy. Instead of trying to temporarily ease the symptoms and butchering the free web in the process,  they should look to the source of the issue. IP/copyright laws made in the era before the web are out-dated and need to evolve with society and technology.
Couldn't they just change the name of the website and go around it.
If that's the case, then let it end.
&gt;The ISP under legal pressure to block The Pirate Bay in Sweden has criticized efforts to make the provider an accomplice in other people's crimes. 

I think you are all missing the point and forgetting our good friends at NRA... people kill people. Guns don't kill people (nor do bullets (well, they do but never mind that))..
Holy shit how hard is this to understand? You going to go after the water dept. when someone drowns in a bathtub?
attempted censorship
Actually it was Netflix that spelled the end for Pirate Bay. Theft is not freedom. You are not "free" to steal other people's works and denying you the ability to steal is not oppression.
ITT: idiots mad at Google for doing something nice.

Thanks to this, however, it prompted my dad to call his sister. We already knew she was safe, but this made the normally high cost of calling her a non-issue so they had a very long conversation, which I'm sure helped them both to handle the situation a bit better.
If it was Comcast they'd double the rate and give some stupid excuse like "with the increased traffic, we need to keep things balanced and fair." 
Heads up anybody on Sprint have free calls to France until further notice. Per Marcelos tweet. 

Check out @marceloclaure's Tweet: https://twitter.com/marceloclaure/status/665407051229749248?s=15
That's really cool that Google would do this! I wish I had people in France to talk to and give support with a voice during this time through it, but since I cant, know that MANY OF US IN AMERICA are with you!!!! Seriously the shit that just happened is fucking tragic and I really hope you all pull through strong. #InternationalUnity
I didn't know it cost money in the first place...
If it were Comcast they would raise the rates to handle the increased traffic
Good for Google. But Reading All Caps Headlines Is Really Horrible. 
Where are the free calls to yemen after civilians are massacred in drone strikes?
If you are Canadian, you can also call for free, using your phone, through Worldline [http://www.fibernetics.ca/blog/worldline-providing-free-calling-to-france/]
I work for the parent company, Fibernetics and can confirm they are 100% offering this because they are a caring company. You don't have to be a Worldline customer, just Canadian. 
[TELUS customers (Canada) can also call and text the area free until November 28th.](https://twitter.com/TELUS/status/665618992258752512)
ayy it can go either way
T-mobile n Skype extended the gesture too.
wtf happened with gtalk? now I've to have chrome opened so I can use hangouts/gtalk? what kind of idiocy is that?
[deleted]
huh?? I never had to pay for international Google Hangouts (IE; DE; US), and never have I heard that they charge something. ô.o

edit: leaving a reply instead of just down-voting would be nice. 
I'm waiting for the scientologists to also start cashing in on the atrocity.
Using this tragedy for publicity seems in really, really appallingly bad taste. I'm just left feeling stunned that Google is apparently coldly cynical enough see an event like this as a marketing opportunity.
Wasn't this proven a fake, originating from a programming humour website?
i used tasker on my phone to automate sending my wife nice messages while i was at work that were triggered whenever i plugged the phone in to charge or unlocked the screen. She thought i was the best until my phone accidentally sent one out with her sitting next to me....then she just got really pissed off
When I first took my current job I did this, the tasks they had me doing were very tedious, so I used Perl to basically automate my entire job, I really only had about 20-30 minutes of work to do each day, mostly monitoring my scripts. While that sounds good, trying to pretend you are busy for 8 hours isn't easy, and to make things worse my manager was very much into micro managing, I had a meeting every morning about what I did yesterday and what I would do today. Luckily for me that manager had no idea what I did. It got to the point where it was so boring I started to look for a new job, but we had a reorg and I got a new manager that saw what I did and got me a raise because of it and started me on more challenging tasks.
WE DID IT REDDIT!! WE WENT FULL CIRCLE!  Reddit post &gt; Business Insider &gt; Back to Reddit Post!
I have automated tasks at work with macros, would never be stupid enough to tell my boss, they would just expect me to do more work for the same pay.
remindes me of the programmer who made $150000 a year but outsourced his entire workload to a contractor in china for $30,000 a year. he was praised for always producing quality work on time.... before he was fired.

my numbers may be wrong but the story is true. 
He wrote script for...java? Ehh? Eh?..aw...
I worked with a guy who did the "late at work" thing back in like 2006.  Used a pretty similar method to see if he still had his pc logged in and everything.
Apologies to the author, but this article is *shit* and betrays that exactly zero research was done.

&gt; Narkoz says that the scripts came from one of his coworkers who left for another company, 

I don’t know where the author gets this information from — the GitHub project definitely doesn’t claim that these are the original scripts, nor that it was Narkoz’ coworker. In fact, the GH project page says:

&gt; Based on a true story

And the scripts are a (mostly poor) attempt to *reprogram* these scripts. They are also nothing special at all, and, lastly, they are incomplete. In fact, they are just empty wrappers, missing most of the actual logic:

`fucking-coffee.rb` doesn’t actually contain the crucial network communication with the coffee machine, [it’s a stub](https://github.com/NARKOZ/hacker-scripts/blob/c6373cc7625e879039c37b37a2d23f1cd2405f58/fucking_coffee.rb#L16-L21). Likewise for [`kumar-asshole.rb`](https://github.com/NARKOZ/hacker-scripts/blob/c6373cc7625e879039c37b37a2d23f1cd2405f58/kumar_asshole.rb#L17).

Not that that’s a problem. But the scripts are much less amazing than the story implies — honestly, the amazing part in the stories was reverse engineering the network protocol of a coffee machine^(1). And “Business Insider” being unable to distinguish between a true story and a few mostly empty shell scripts … well, I guess that’s just par for the course. It’s still exceedingly poor journalism. It’s Buzzfeed “journalism”: taking an online story and slightly reformulating it, while distorting a few facts.

---

^(1) It’s worth noting that not many coffee machines even possess such capability and it seems doubtful that this pat of the story at least was strictly true. None of the discussions of the story so far have found a likely candidate for the machine in question.
At my last job this guy got fired because he actually outsourced his job to India. He would just chill in his office all day and play video games while this programmer in India would do all his work. 

Honestly I don't think it would have been an issue except for the risk of losing trade secrets.
This isn't uncommon.

As a software engineer, I've written tons of code to deal with people so I can get on with writing code.

IM auto-responders, to *certain* people that take key words and direct them to online docs.

E-mail responders that deal with meeting requests. By taking the number of people times $150/hr that basically say, this meeting will cost the company $X dollars, can you specify the objective of the meeting, what questions you have, and what we hope to resolve? "In order to better prepare..." Most meetings got cancelled because we could answer the questions with no meeting needed.

Or my favorite, intercept emails for "status updates". I mean, I set up a muther-fucking server doing continuous integration, you could just go look at a fucking web page but, no. You need to send me a fucking email asking for a "status update". Well, guess what, you got a response from a script that just takes some shit from that continuous integration server and wraps it up in some super polite crap. Because, I'm too busy actually writing code and getting shit done than to play the email game.

Sometimes, it's shit that's my own fault. I always try to work across teams to help out. Yea, I'm an asshole but, I do look at the business as a whole. And, I do like helping people. But, when I find myself, as a part of a process diagram.... well then, I automate the fuck out of it.

Have I been busted? Yep, quite a few times. But, when they realize they've been "talking" to a script for 6 months, they usually back off for fear of embarrassment. 

A memorable thing... doing some work for the DoD (as a contractor), we had these CMMI guys saying they needed this form filled out for every class in our software, and every unit test. I'm like AYFKM? Management, said it had to be done.

Fuck.... So, I took their document template (MS Word), saved as XML, manually converted it into an XSLT, gave it to an intern to "fill the blanks". Then wrote a custom (javadoc) doclet, to go through the code. Told mgt (same day), Ok, I've got your 10+K pages of forms. The printer can't deal with it, where do you want it? They stopped asking me for stupid shit after that and let me do my fucking job.

Ask any software engineer, if we have to do it more than twice, we'll automate it.
Jesus fuck, I didn't know businessinsider was *this* bad.

 - This story originated from a post on russian bash.org
 - The post was then translated by Alex Jumašev who posted it on [his blog](https://www.jitbit.com/alexblog/249-now-thats-what-i-call-a-hacker/), claiming to know the person *who posted it on russian bash*, **not** necessarily the person who originally wrote this.
 - Narkoz, who is given credit in the BI article for both having known the person who originally wrote the text, writing the translation (which was, again, posted on a completely different person's blog), and is said to have sourced the code from the person the text is talking about is then the person who wrote the code you can find on Github *based on the English blog-post*.
 - Nevermind that the original story **has never been verified to be even remotely true**
I need to write a Reddit bot to automate replying to any message containing the word automate.
This is so stupid. The crap he did had almost nothing to do with his job responsibilities. There is no way a decent programming job could be automated.
This is why i want to learn programming.
Sounds like the guy was sysadmin/support. Sadly the real programmers cant automate code writing.
[Here](https://github.com/NARKOZ/hacker-scripts) are the scripts
The story is fake, but to fair I think all programmers to some degree automate their work. Do you think i want to manually deploy accounts on 1000 servers at a time? NOPE, write a nice little bash script, takes about 5 mins to run.
scripts or it didn't happen
Programmers -- truly the laziest people on earth.
&gt;And the best one? He wrote a script that waits 17 seconds, then hacks into the coffee machine and orders it to start brewing a latte.

SSHing and issuing two commands is now hacking?
&gt; And his coworkers didn't even know the coffee machine was on the network and hackable.

And now we know why Narkoz left that team.

FAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAKE.  god damnit im so tired of seeing this post 5+ times on reddit.
Is this a post of a news article based on a reddit post from a week ago?
This is fake.  But to a much lesser extent I sorta did this.  I worked doing cost estimates for manufacturing, and after many years of mastering it, I boiled the process down to 6 critical variables (most of business was very similar, with only minimal variation across projects.).  I wrote a script into which I would enter those 6 numbers (numbers that I got simply from years of experience), and it would complete the entire bid package from the managerial reports, estimate detail sheets, customer contact letters, MRP updates, inventory and purchasing / scheduling plans, et al.  What used to take a 3 person team several hours per quote took me on average 5 minutes... run the script, proof the output and tweak if necessary (rare), print and distribute.  Hell, after a year of tweaking the script(s), I barely ever even proofed the estimates.  I knew if I had the 6 numbers right, the rest would be right (thank-you process design and control background).


It got to point where on an average 8 hour day, I was actually working for about 40 minutes.  Of course, I didn't tell anyone.  I kept my work smarter not harder tricks to myself, and enjoyed the occasional "I don't know how you do all this yourself," comments from colleagues.
It wouldn't surprise me if there were guys like this. I was one of them.

I worked at certain store-specific credit card provider's head office in Canada back when they were on RUMBA, doing data entry bullshit. I didn't think much of the job, just a first-time thing, and then I discovered the built-in macros, which also allowed for a primitive, but effective amount of coding and could read Microsoft Excel documents with a bit of tinkering.

We had a list generated **daily** for the data processors which required a good six to ten hours of effort of correcting the same damned $25 service charge again and again and again, which we used to split between about eight people to ease our burden.

I "heroically" offered to do this myself under the auspices that one person performing one repetitive task would gain proficiency and thus generate a time savings, set up my computer to play the sound of keys being tapped, and did most of my sleeping on the job in light cat naps, one hand resting gently on the numpad of my keyboard under my desk while I propped my head up with the other. My back faced out of my cubicle and I was able to get away with pretending I was zoned out doing my repetitive task if someone asked me a question and woke me up.

I'd wake up for lunch to pause the script and then resume it after lunch, until a chime woke me up fully and I got down to business for an hour or two before work ended.

I got away with it for about six months or so until I came in particularly hung over and had to explain to my boss how I was working while snoring. Apparently she sat there for a good five minutes and watched my script do my work for me while I was sawing logs.

Her boss wasn't even mad when I was forced to explain things to him. He let me keep my job and even promoted me to an unofficial data entry supervisor role, so long as I promised to help automate the rest of the department.

He also made me turn my desk around so that when he or my manager walked by, my computer monitor was facing away from them and my face was easily visible to anyone walking by, just in case I tried the trick again.
How is it hacking into the coffee machine if it was already on the damn network?
He is my new current hero. I am inspired. 
Can he make a script that gives you handjobs?
What a champ!
I wrote programs to automate work during my internship then got hired on full-time for a lot of money once they found out. It paid off.
"fucking-coffee.sh" is priceless.
scripts or it didn't happen
pool on the roof must have a leak
We gotta tell this dude to stop telling everyone it can be done or else our laziness cover is blown 
Secretly automate his job? What's the big secret?

I'm a programmer that writes scripts to non-secretly automate my job. Or, for short, just call me a "programmer".
That's why you want to hire the lazy guy that will automate his way out of doing anything repeatedly.
Coffee maker shows up on network as "MrCoffee" right next to "MrPrinter".  

I always have coffee when I print something, you know that.  Everybody knows that.
That was the worst fucking tittle to anything I've ever read, ever. 
There is absolutely no point in doing tedious, repetitive tasks manually, if you can automate them. I've lived by this principle for years, and it's brought me praise from my managers and the time to concentrate on the actual work I need to do. If you have to hide the fact that you've automated work tasks from your manager, especially if you're in IT, then you know it's time to find a new job. 
Not a programmer, a system admin.  Programmers create software,  system admins mantain ...her... systems.  System admins sometimes create some software, and programmers sometimes mantain some server, but are completelly different things. This is like confusing a veterinarian with a dentist, both are doctors, but very different.
"A lot of his job." Is making coffee and texting his wife really half his job?
get this crap out if here
I want the database API access to the emails he sent to his wife
This sounds like a non-story.
Sorry programmers. Your jobs being programmed now. 
His house of cards will come tumbling down in amusing and/or embarrassing ways.

Sounds like every developer ever.
That took way longer than I expected.  And not a buzzfeed link..  I am a bit disappointed.
Much rather wake up, eat a coffee cake,
take bath, take nap.
See now, this is the kind of thing I would like to learn, even if it is fake. Should figure out where to start with that.
That is a goal of mine. Any task &gt; 90 seconds deserves automation!
Yes, we know. There have been [several posts about this on Reddit in the last few days](https://www.reddit.com/r/programming/duplicates/3tuqgt/based_on_a_true_story_hackerscripts/). Hell, this is probably where this reporter got his story from. From Reddit to the press and now back to Reddit.


I have scripts so that I don't have to remember how to do something that I only do once or twice a year. 
If there's some job that requires me to do something repetitive with some kind of pattern to it I write a Bash script to automate it.
These Scripts !! I wish i can do all these .... WOW !!
Linus Sebastion?
This is awesome.  Reminds me of that dude that outsourced all of his coding work to India and basically golfed all day.
[OH MY GOD MY COMMENT MADE ANOTHER GITHUB USER FAMOUS](https://www.reddit.com/r/ProgrammerHumor/comments/3tmizl/now_thats_what_i_call_a_hacker/cx844yk)

Also, it's a fucking joke which business insider decided to feature. Dumbasses
*All* programmers write scripts to secretly automate a lot of their jobs.
This is like an article I would expect to read in the 90s.  Today automating your job isn't impressive.  It's just something you do.

It's been proven fake.. and it's been reposted on Reddit multiple times and been picked up by a few major publications... 

Reddit: The human centipede of the internet - but the last ass and the first face are connected!
I see a bunch of you saying it worked well for you to automate tasks, but I took a 5 person team who had QC'd forms for a transcription service in a haphazard fashion for the past 2 years to a 2 person team doing work at least 500% faster within a month, and got canned when I plateaued. I made myself obsolete.
Didn't I first [see this on reddit a few days ago](https://www.reddit.com/r/sysadmin/comments/3tnpud/think_youre_good_at_scripts_if_it_takes_longer/)? The circle is getting smaller.
I use Macros. for my excel stuff. 
/r/thathappened
you mean like like fellow Redditor geminii27 did?


I wrote a script in mIRC that would auto respond to the most common private chat messages and only a chat window for me if somebody typed something beyond what the script recognized.

Handled the bots very nicely.
Hopefully, most jobs will be automated someday. Then we can all sit back while robots roll our blunts. What a time to be alive.
As a shameless plug, automating tasks with scripts is exactly the premise of this beginner's Python book: [Automate the Boring Stuff with Python](https://automatetheboringstuff.com/) (The full book is free online.)
##THE STORY IS APOCRYPHAL. 

(and he was a build engineer supposedly which is more like a sysadmin/systems engineer than a software developer.)
Just having to look for a new boss that saw the potential.
I let out an audible and excited thank you! like, wow! he was praised for always producing quality work on time.... before he was so boring I started to look busy.
/r/thathappened and his name is Alber---- JOHN CENA!
Latte from a coffee machine oh yeah mmmm -not.  Let me guess a shitty nespresso shot followed by dank soap suds milk. yum.
More importantly, anyone know how I can script retrieving/doing html actions to webpages?

As long as you don't automate sex with them then what's the harm??
He's my idol. 
this is what happens when you love what you do.
That was a great read lol. There is something satisfying when you successfully automate something and just watch it work.  I've never done much automation for my job but at home I have lot of stuff automated.  For example my furnace is controlled by a C++ program I wrote that turns relevant relays on/off based on temperature, time of day, and my work schedule.  I input the work schedule into the system and then the house is always at the right temp when I'm there, and colder when I'm not.  

I like to play with it too much though, I'm always going in to override the settings just because I can.  I find programming becomes 10x more fun when you're doing it to control the physical world.  Microcontrollers FTW. 
If this is true, this guy is my hero.
I actually thought that would make everyone in the stories was reverse engineering the network protocol of a year, then you can just take that experience and go find a new boss that saw what I would do today.
Have you guys heard of /r/beermoney ?  Just saying..........:D
What kind of coffee machine is on a network?  Or has a computer?
If this is the automation I keep hearing about, I'm not worried about losing my job.
I call that "the best fucking employee ever."
I was on a task a few years ago that took multiple spreadsheets and stripped information and pasted it into another spreadsheet before handing it off to another group.  
  
The task took me hours and often had mistakes, but I was always griping at them because they wouldn't give me a consistent format for the data.  
  
Finally they gave me the info in a consistent format and a script was generated that took my workload down from 5 hours to 5 minutes.  
  
I hated that job.  

/coolStoryBro
I got bored with one of my tasks when we have nothing else to do. I hate database cleanup, so I wrote a macro using AutoHotkey that did the clean up mostly for me. I just had to hit the write key and it would input the new title/format for that entry. 

I then decided I could do better and fully automate my clean up job. I tried to do it with AutoHotkey only to find it to be lacking in some areas. I learned Python and wrote an automation script to take care of clean up so I could do anything else. Once I had perfected the script I tested it, found it to be very sufficient and then forwarded it to my boss, thinking that the other 20 people in my department may appreciate not having to do clean up either.

I got a reply stating I needed to stop immediately as this is against Federal Law (I work for a Uni dealing with student information and everything is highly regulated by the Fed.).

The next week I made up a new job to do because I hate clean up. My boss approved it. I am now happily not doing that job because I wrote a new script to do it for me and this time I didn't share it.
[relevant xkcd on opposite day](https://xkcd.com/1319/)


This is amazing lol. When I was working at PayPal, there's an internal macro tool used for quick typing email responses. For whatever reason, I had access to make macros (we shouldn't have access to that) and I made macros for literally anything I could. Example. Requesting PTO is first come first serve, and you can request time off as early at midnight, 3 months out. I got off work at 4.. I programmed the days I wanted off and set the macro to a schedule that would run at 12:01am. I always got days off I wanted. Some people actually came back in at midnight to request time off and when word got out, I ended up making these macros for everyone. Good times. Until they fired me when I had a post hit the front page of Reddit. Made a card house at my desk.. Made an balista out of office supplies.. stacked coins vertically on top of each other.. all during lunch breaks, so, off the clock. Totally something to get fired over right? -.-
Ehhhh, so even if this was true, this isn't a programmer. This guy just wrote some extremely basic scripts. He's an entry level to mid level sysadmin.

What "programmers" do can only be so automated, and those parts so frequently are, that it'd be more surprising if these things (CI, code coverage, unit testing, deployment, build, release, etc) were being done manually.
Because you just remembered swans can be gay? 
[deleted]
That's what programmers do you twats.

Oh god next you're going to tell me the controller found a way to book line items more efficiently.  The horrorrrrr.
I use a dead man's switch task I created in Tasker to text my fiancée that I'm going to be working late if I don't deactivate it within 15 minutes. That way, if I'm busy and forget, it still texts. 
Pretty insane how this blew up after I read the "original" post on hacker news Oo
I did this before.  My job should've taken all day but I only had to work (from home) for about 1-2 hours.  A got a call from corporate to discipline my actions; they said "Stop turning in your paperwork before lunch time, it's making everyone else look bad."

Ahh the wonderful world of government contractors.  Needless to say, they didn't last and I changed careers and became a developer instead.  I never automated emailing my wife though - that sounds too dangerous.
Anyone know how I could get started writing scripts? Which language would be the easiest to learn? I've been writing macros with Imacros but would love to do something a bit more advanced. Any help would be really appreciated. 
Obviously fake, but still funny
Can some explain what coding languages you would use for something like this. Plz and thank you. 
welp...I was thinking of doing this. Problem is my coworkers don't standardize anything....
"We can oversee ourselves. Promise" -LEO
Don't forget the x-ray vans.

http://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2015/10/the-nypd-is-using-mobile-x-rays-to-spy-on-unknown-targets/411181/
Next week's post "police still using stingrays even after judge says 'too powerful'" 
I thought this was about the fish and agreed. Those bastards killed Steve Irwin 
Good, now we just have to make the police follow the law, which is oddly the hardest part.
Can someone explain to me why everyone just accepts stingray devices as a fact of life?  Why are the network operators not coming up with protections, as this is a direct assault on their network and network reliability?  Why aren't encryption measures used?

I did some research and found out that it's because 2G has really weak encryption.  Stingray devices only work on 2G.  If they broadcast a strong 2G signal, all the phones will use it and it can be seamlessly decrypted.

Ok, so encryption algorithms are found to be weak all the time.  What happens?  Companies and software deprecate the old insecure algorithms and no longer support them.

So can someone tell me why there isn't a big push by Google, Apple, cell phone makers, and cell networks to deprecate 2G?  I can't even find anyone asking this question.
If Stingrays are "simply too powerful" then something is severely wrong with the way cellular phones work. Why does my phone want to blindly connect to any tower it sees? There needs to be some form of authentication in place that prevents fake towers from appearing without confirming its authenticity. I'm not sure how this will work without the phone trying to contact the fake tower, but that's not my job to fix.
just increase Manta Ray's armor and attack values and the meta will balance itself
I guess I don't understand enough about the courts, but how does a "federal" judge only have jurisdiction over his small area in Illinois?
Great. Now let's talk about tasers.
Thought I was in r/subbreditsimulator for a bit
If you are taking information from people, that has no reason to be taken, then that is illegal. How this can be obfuscated in any way through BS legalese is a major let down. 
Trouble with stingrays is that, when activated, anything, *anything* can happen in the next half hour
I mean, they did kill the crocodile hunter.  RIP
Since when is "stingray" a word that means something other than the fish?
There is no possible form of adequate oversight. 
Can we just build phones that are stingray proof? Because law enforcement is never going to solve this problem.
Cops: don't care.  Still using hem. Double yellow line. 
I've always thought the government could use a little more oversight too.
Read this headline and immediately thought it was talking about the Corvette Stingray. Then I read the article and felt dumb. 
Tell that to Steve Irwin. 
Yeah just ask the crocodile hunter about it.. oh wait..
The estate of Steve Irwin agrees.
Steve Irwin agrees.
I don't mind law enforcement having stingrays as long as I can have one, too.
The new corvettes aren't that fast...
They can be purchased online though I'm sure you're in hot water trying to get one delivered.
Cox: the "less shitty" ISP

Fast speeds

their bandwidth cap is more of a suggestion

When I was a miscreant kid who pirated movies and games, they seemed to be rolling their eyes and yawning when they sent the cease and desist letters. I got like six of them over a couple years. The most that happened was internet would be shut off until I called them. All they wanted to hear was *that specific file* was no longer being *accidentally* seeded. Internet back on immediately after call.

I had to leave them for a while. They had a intermittent line problem they could not figure out. Over a couple months they probably spent 100s of man hours trying to fix my issue. I had Cox engineers with collar shirts and ties at my house. They even had someone camp out over night since the issue seemed to happen late evening to around midnight. They didn't charge me a cable bill for 2 months, and were comping me all the premium channels to try to keep me. Unfortunately, I couldn't play any multiplayer game after 9pm due to 5-10 second internet drops several times an hour. 

I left them for Uverse. I could tell you the Uverse stories, but I don't want to slip into depression again. After the contract was up, I went right back to Cox. Luckily whatever the issue was had been fixed.
So Cox cable is defending the free internet? I thought we hated ISPs?
Welp - I guess because TCP and UDP can be used to transmit pirated data we should ban those. Time to shut up shop, we're done here guys. 
I'm on Cox and hearing all the horror stories about Comcast and Time Warner makes me so grateful I'm with an ISP that mostly seems... not evil.

I have gotten a couple emails from them warning about complaints for file sharing (oops) but that was a few years ago when I forgot to run a p2p firewal for a few hours. I also got an email from them about exceeding a bandwidth usage limit, which is when I discovered they have a meter. Funny thing is, I've never found a way to increase the "limit" or any stated penalties for exceeding it.

What I like about them the most is that I pay for 60gb (now 100gb) but I always speed test slightly over what I'm paying for.
This is a serious question:

Does anybody here that uses Bittorrent use it for legitimate reasons?
I love how downloading a legitimate copy of windows 10 takes 1hr but a torrented 3d 1080p movie takes 5 minutes with my Cox Internet 
" the music companies would like to have the accounts of repeat infringers terminated"

What cunts. Pirate all their music, even if 99.99% sucks. 
I always liked Cox when I lived in okc
Goddammit cox is amazing as an ISP. $100 for 300Mb and a 1.5TB "soft cap". 
Alot of large games download using BitTorrent because so many people have to download it at once. 
Vehicles sometimes transport murderers. We should ban the use of vehicles. That'll stop murders. #dipshitlogic
I've been a pretty big fan of Cox. Google hadn't even threatened to bring fiber to San Diego and Cox decided to double everyone's data speed. They're also super consistent and their customer service has been great in my experience. They're a private company so they can afford to do things that would hurt the stock prices of other companies. 

I'm sure other people have poor experiences with Cox, but they're by far the best ISP in my area and my internet speed is regularly better than what I pay for. I pay for 50Mb/s and get like 65. I was originally paying for 25 because I couldn't afford higher, but out of the blue they doubled speeds for everyone.
of course not, a lot of game clients run their patching trough BitTorrent.

its like saying a road  is responsible for any bank robbery that happens to use the road.
There are at least 6 people in the world who don't use BT for piracy. 
Wink wink nudge nudge
If bit torrent automatically meant piracy, almost every mmo would be illegal, as most of them use torrents to sync data between users, such as world data.
I use it for bands that allow taping and sharing their concerts.
Like I'm all for free speech and an open internet and all that, but don't be dumb. 99+% of BitTorrent traffic = piracy. To pretend otherwise requires some pretty flagrant ignorance. That said, it CAN be used for other things and SHOULD be left alone in the name of  a free market and open internet, but don't make bullshit statements like this that are mind-numbingly misleading. You know what BitTorrent is used for. 
If ISPs were to be held responsible for their customers' copyright violations, I bet Cox would change their tune and ban BitTorrent in a fraction of a second.
Only 99.9% of it.
The thing I dont get is that only the court can define someone as an infringer through a lawsuit.  And no law states that they have to terminate alledged infringers.  Only actual ones.  I have no idea how this suit has gone this far.
Got an email from AMC watchdog through Cox. They threaten they could cut my Internet if I keep at it. So take that as you will
I have Cox and this makes me super happy that they're doing this.
hehee, true... 
Everyone seems to forget that it's not illegal to download copyrighted content.

It's illegal to upload it.  
/r/HailCorporate this entire thread
Let's not joke ourselves, everyone uses bittorrent for piracy. Using this argument, you could argue for almost anything that's currently illegal, to be legal, if you can think up a legitimate use case. 
I hope Cox wins so I can continue to pirate.
Everyone seems to be defending Cox. In my experience they are just as bad as everyone else.

Cox gave me 3 dmca's for maybe 30 items, comcast has given me 0 for over 400. I find this very weird (i know isp's dont issue dmca's). Cox was more expensive than comcast and offered slower speeds. The support was the same (both suck). The cox cable box will actually blacklist more channels than going straight from coax to TV (like if you use the box, you'll get 70% of the channels you would if you didnt use the box..)

Anyways, taking this stance is a pretty obvious one. Torrents dont strictly mean piracy, and these days there a quite a lot of applications that do P2P downloading of content (such as game files)
Although it pretty much does, honestly :p
I love Cox (heh). They sent me a letter saying they were going to up my price for internet. I called up Verizon and set up a time to get theirs installed. While I was calling Cox to cancel my internet, they worked it out to where I would get high speed internet, dvr with all the premium channels for like $80. Immediately called Verizon and they tried to counter-offer, but after I told them the price, they laughed and said there was no way they could beat that.
I might be able to use this
All War Thunder updates are transmitted through a bittorrent client.  I believe World of Tanks is the same.
Just curious but who the fuck downloads anymore.. For fucks sake people stream it. Odds are you're gonna watch it one time and then it will just sit there.
It would take me 2 days to build a chat client that bypasses any back doors and uses strong encryption, no matter what laws the government passes requiring back doors. I'm not that great or fast of a programmer. What makes people stupidly believe that terrorists couldn't do the same thing I can?



Mandated back doors just means that the lawbreakers are the only ones who will have good encryption, while banks and everyone else will have to run giant security risks.
Damn. If only the Allies had thought of banning encryption during WWII so that they could monitor the Germans. What a bunch of morons. Poor Turing spent so much time and effort inventing the computer to crack German codes. What a waste.
The state is more afraid of its own citizens then it is of foreign hackers, criminals or spies.
Once again Oregon has some of the best leadership. Him and DeFazio 
We have a Senator who's actually listening to the experts?
The moment hackers get wind of any backdoor they will be bashing at it till they get in. It's bad enough not having them now imagine how bad it will be if they weaken it and put in back doors. 

Look at France back in the 90's. There was a reason they unbanned encryption.
Is it me or isn't encryption just math? Can you really ban certain types of math?
Why the fuck do American politicians come with a new technological bullshit every week???
Ooops, reread and now understand the point.  Oregon making sense in the chaos....
Why do we refuse to listen to our experts? Wyden is one of the very few politicians who works for the people 
I suspect one of the desired outcomes for the paris attack planners et al is the weakening of encryption.

A starve the beast approach.
It's bad enough not having them now imagine how bad it will be bashing at it till they get in.
Banning cryptography/encryption would be wholly unaffected.
What people need to understand is that in terms of encryption backdoors are frontdoors.
Why is this senator saying something true? That seems against what his campaign contributors would want. Quick, what are this guys campaign contributors?
Let's not let the facts interrupt their plans.
Hey, but think of the expanding customer base and profits for Lifelock!
Why dont they focus on outlawing envelopes in the mail system if they are so keen on removing digital encryption?  Just put the stamp on the pay stub or tax return and mail it off through the various routes until it gets there... 

It's the same thing as breaking encryption, isn't it? 
It's a shame he's not running for president. I mean, aside from supporting the NAFTA and his hawkish positions, he's got pretty solid policies. 

I mean, I'd still vote for Gary Johnson over him, but I wouldn't mind him being president like I'd mind a Ben Carson, Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton, or Bernie Sanders presidency. Pretty much every candidate currently running isn't fit for the job at all.
This actually fixes the whole chicken and egg problem of 4K adoption. Greater access to 4K content will drive 4K TV sales. This will in turn drive 4K tv prices down and they will become more mainstream. Then this will drive demand for legal 4K content higher.
Piracy will always happen, it's a fact of life. The focus should be to make a good user experience and not impose restrictions or changes designed to stop piracy when in reality they just anger the average consumer. 
Worked on this sort of technology for many years.

I'm not sure what was preventing this in any complete sense prior - I think they just used "now" because they didn't know it was happening prior.  

Even if you have end-to-end hardware encryption (e.g. Intel MediaVault, with integrated on-chip video decoding and decryption) it inevitably ends up an analog signal for display.  

In the vast majority of cases, the content is decrypted from some source DRM scheme before re-encryption in HDCP for transmission over a display cable (HDMI etc.)

In either case the video is available in full quality at some point, either in the original digital format or as a raw pixel stream.  This is not to over simplify the challenge of efficiently recovering it.

It is much more complex, but same idea as audio.  You can protect audio with DRM and encryption all you want, but at the end of the day the output signal is analog and can be re-recorded during playback with 30+ yr old technology (albeit shittily).

So, all a/v media can be copied, and all the effort that goes into encryption and DRM just makes that task some degree more difficult, but never impossible.

The fact that the content is 4K or 1080p or 480p is irrelevant to the overall topic, aside from technical challenges based on the raw bitrate.
They couldn't before?
Oh great now that'll be two streaming services that'll have new clients that come with a fuckton of added security bullshit to go through.
And because netflix offers such a well priced and convienent service, I have no interest in this. 
Piracy also happens so that you can get content at lowest quality possible as to not breach your data cap. From what I can find on google the lowest size for an episode on hulu is around 600megs and you can get the same episode for around 300megs with piracy. Not everyones reason, but some peoples only reason.
and I'm just sitting here too cheap to buy a VPN. 
If you can afford a $500 4k monitor you can probably afford the ~~$9~~ $12 a month for 4k Netflix.
Are people really going to download 14GB per episode?
Aren't these titles usually streamed in h.265? It seems silly to convert to a codec that's less efficient in order to torrent. 
ITT: Article that explains the many hurdles preventing this from happening brow now, and commenters saying "how could they not figure this out? How is this new?"
4K is still bleeding edge technology, and it's being sent and distributed over tougher DRM than ever before. It's good to see this happening though, because no one should ever pay Amazon $25 for a single digital copy of Paul Blart 2 in 4K.

I've always felt that it's not the content, but the distribution of said content that people are not happy about. If Netflix taught us anything it's that the average consumer doesn't want to pay large sums of money for 80 channels and only watch 3-5. I've completely stopped pirating games because of steam which revolutionized game distribution. 
How much of it is actual 4K source? Avengers and Ghostbusters looked better in standard 1080p from my bluray than the 4K stream. Same with a few episodes of Breaking Bad. 
Oh...glad that whole push to DRM the web from Netflix, Google and Microsoft, Tim Berners Lee, as well as the MPAA, wasn't for nothing then...

https://www.defectivebydesign.org/no-drm-in-html5

https://www.defectivebydesign.org/dbd-condemns-drm-in-html

https://www.defectivebydesign.org/sign-on-against-drm-in-html

This seems irrelevant. This is a sourcing improvement, not a quality of service improvement. Pirates never had that much of a difficulty getting the source material, they even got it to most of the world faster than the licensing process diffused famous films and tv series across the world.  

As long as big corporations understand that to keep the pirates at bay (haha) you just need to deliver the content better than them, they will do fine. People will gladly pay a fee to have the product streamed to them at full, reliable speed, via a commercially designed interface, through places that won't potentially infect your computer with viruses.
I really don't think we'll ever be able to squash piracy entirely. Computers just weren't meant to be so restricted, it goes against the nature of the technology 
I recognize the site in one of those screenshots! Uploads from 2 weeks ago..
Most pirates aren't cash strapped, there was a study done on it a while ago and it showed most torrenters are actually middle class
Netflix has 4k? 
I doubt this will be come popular anytime soon. 4k content from a pirate platform (torrent, usenet, direct files etc.) takes up too much space and bandwidth and generally feels like overkill. I am not trying to be a nay-saying here, but your average tv shows and movies in compressed 720p or 1080p is more than enough. I don't see myself downloading a 13 GB file when I can the the same for ~1GB (tv show).
Sweet. I just got a 4K tv too. 
ssshhhhhhhhhhhhhh
cant wait for all the people who dont even have 4k displays downloading 4k rips and talking about how great what they are watching looks in 4k
No data caps will go a long way. Downloading over streaming will save data when one wants to watch many times to understand the presentation.
The greatest damage to piracy will come when the system is designed in such a way as to take away the benefits of being a pirate.
Netflix is 7 dollars no?. How is it so hard to pay 7 dollars a month? the subscriptions help Netflix grow into providing more quality movies(House of Cards / Marco Polo , etc). You can afford a 4k monitor but not a Netflix subscription worth 7-8$. Nice. 
It's not very hard, all you need is a an amazon fire 4k and a capture card.
I should get a 4k screen
Are they actually sure that this was done by cracking HDCP? It seems equally likely that they just wrote a wrapper around some EME CDM (such as widevine) that captures and stores the video instead of playing it.
Jessica Jones in 4k?

Ha
THE FUTURE IS HERE LADS
If you can view it, you can rip it, what is so surprising about that??
Well if its any consolation, the quality of the rips aren't that great. Not yet anyway. Bitrate is much too low. I'm waiting for 4k blu-rays so people can rip that.
GOOD!  

Good good good! 

Need more of this.
Both ftv versions are rooted. I stumbled upon [this](http://www.aftvnews.com/recent-fire-tv-software-updates-causing-blank-screen-issues-related-to-hdcp/#more-8451) which don't mean much but the commeents suggest hdcp can be bypassed with a simple adapter sold on amazon, at 1080p at least.  Not sure what it can actually do,  or of they offer 4k versions. 
I need a 4K tv.
You mean the shitty low bitrate 4k they offer? Who cares. We need uhd blurays to hit the market
Why invest into DRM? All the money would do good for offering a better product/service, thus more people buy it. I mean, why bother pirating, if it's a good deal? I guess that's the problem. But we live in a capitalist world, where competition will take care of that, oh wait...
I pay for a consistent quality of service, not necessarily the content-- as piracy shows, I can get the content without paying a provider. But, the thing a provider does for me is make it easy, legal, and doesn't waste my time with intrusive watermarks or other sub-par copying techniques or artifacts like recorded closed caption instead of real closed-captions...

I hope they increase their value instead of overreacting and making my paid experience lesser. I hope their resources are used to make a solid HTML5 interface, better mobile device access, and just plain more justification that stealing the content is a more cumbersome &amp; risky lesser experience. Who wants a bad copy? Here you go torrent user. Oh, that cheap recordable DVD got a scratch in the recordable film on top-- you don't say.

Nothing they do will prevent illegal copies of the content. They have full control of making me recommend their service.
How much content is available in 4k so far?  How many TV shows are up there?
Assuming they can actually *get* 4K content. I have a 4K screen but not a very good internet connection.
Netflix has a new challenge ahead. I have an account but still downloaded Beasts of no Nation as my streaming quality was subpar due to my internet velocity.

This means they have to provide better caching so that people can access the best quality of content their suscription allows if they want. Something like a way to leave netflix caching for hours if needed.

Right now, I don‘t suscribe to better quality plans because my bandwidth is not going to be good enough.

Otherwise, people will go to better services like Popcorn Time.
perfect. though watching it on Netflix directly is way more comfortable and cheap enough.
Damn, over 10GB an episode? That'll fun to watch with the new data caps being put in place...
My 8 terabyte hard drive is starting to look small now
Yet Amazon won't allow me to download SD versions of shows I've purchased.
Jessica Jones spoiler in the picture in the article. Be warned.
I live in South America. Pirating is a way of life here. Want the latest and greatest? Have to pirate it. It might come out to a store in the mall but you will pay $50 for a new DVD and more for a blue ray. Since the average worker here is making that much in a week, it is out of the reach of the majority of the population.

I blame the industry. They advertise everywhere for their new games and movies and then price things out of the reach of the people and then want to blame them for buying pirated copies. The last two movies that tried to help the average citizen was The Avengers and the last Hunger Games movie. 

Avengers went on sale here for less than $10 and the Hunger Games was Netflix only. While the Netflix didnt help the common man here, it did make it available in a wider net. Both of these movies, according to the guy I buy from said they sold less of.

Either way, you can't advertise and then price gouge and expect people not to buy them. If the companies were smart, they would start selling their movies and a MUCH lower cost in quantities that the people could afford right next to the pirates. Beat them at their own game. Otherwise, they will always lose.

Edit: It also doesnt help that they won't let me buy games and movies on line because I am in SA. Why stop me from buying it? That forces me to have to choose between pirating and not having it. Witcher 3? Got to pirate it. Fallout 4? Yep, got to pirate it. I would happily give them my money, but I refuse to go through the whole VPN thing just so I can give them $60.
Damn it feels good to be  a gangsta.
We're a long way from having 4k take off. 100+GB for a season of a show makes it very prohibited on space and bandwidth. 
&gt; The High-Bandwidth Digital Copy Protection (HDCP) version 2.2 or higher is still believed to be secure today

... what?

This sort of DRM has *never* been secure, because the objective is to give somebody access to video data without them having access to said video data.
When you consider the amount of content Netflix provides, especially good original content, for their price you're a really desperately cheap scumbag to keep pirating stuff.

I can understand having to deal the regional block bullshit, but if you're not dealing with that then you should really start examining the details of your life.
&gt;“For example for Marvel’s Jessica Jones new TV series from Netflix the 4K captures look bad, because the master from Netflix is probably bad,” we were told by an insider.

Hahahahahahahahahahahaha. Sure, blame your shitty recording system and compression on Netflix's Masters.
From tomorrow the moon is private, you can't look at it, if you dare, I will block it with my hands. 

It's Internet 
Rather than attempting to prevent piracy and passing the cost of such measures on to the legit purchasers, who its not needed for, whilst still failing to prevent pirates, why not make the services more affordable so more people will buy them rather than feeling motivated to piracy by the price. 
I'm not going to bother downloading anything over 10gigs no matter if it's free. The largest movie I downloaded was 3gigs and even then I was hesitant and looked for something smaller for hours but with no luck.
Once and for all, pirates aren't pirating because it's fun. Anyone who pirates shit, isn't gonna buy it in the first place. Any reason someone would download a movie nullifies the reasons they'd pay for it. 


Too cheap. 

Too poor. 

No card /Bank account

Doesn't like paying for things

Wants to copy and sell it



How many of these people would either think, "drats, foiled again!" as they forked over cash, or "well I can't get it for free but it looks so good here's money I don't have?" 
I thought this was possible already? To pirate any streamed content you just feed the content into a virtual player that records it as it streams?

I'm guessing there's a difference to the streamed vs actually shown content so screen capture doesn't work?
Sounds like these pirates need some middle out compression 
How is this news? If something can be  transmitted, it can be captured.
Did they finally figure out how to use screen capture software?  And haven't you been able to get around HDCP for a long time?
Time to end my subscription, fuck dis shit... Might as well join the dark side.
Wtf is that torrent site they are showing? Looks like I'd catch computer AIDS just visiting it. Neither of the reputable (if you can call them that) torrent sites have this 4k content, so I'm going to consider it still nonexistent.
[deleted]
When do we start begging for stable 4k games realisticly?
So? We already had 4k
Maybe a couple, but ripping 4k no. Technology isnt their and big companies will not allow this. Show me a decent movie that can be torrented in 4k and I might just change my mind.
Yarrr matey
Anyone with any knowledge of how streaming works can do this. To stream is for the server to send you the data live, aka Livestream. All you need to do is save the data as the server sends it.
[deleted]
I've got a formula to stop piracy, offer good quality services and pay workers more money. Once you get a decent job paying for netflix is a no-brainer. In the evening I sit down at my PC and I want to watch Sherlock, I don't want to run off to some torrent site, find a decent quality rip, download the torrent and wait however long for it to download. I want to watch it. And netflix does all of that for $10 a month, a pittance if you have a decent job.

You won't stop poor 18 year olds trying to make rent and $10 to them needs to be spent on physical things you can't take for free. That person has the time and the motivation to pirate, they aren't in your customer base. 


Seems like screen recording would be a trivial venture. Good CPU and Fraps or even QuickTime on the Mac is all you would need. 
This is what you call a loophole. A loophole that was made to make the original stipulation irrelevant, at that.
What the hell!! They should all be science based!
Science &lt; profits is the new equation in the Western world.
Excerpt from trom the script of [Idiocracy (2006)](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0387808/)  
  
The solution came during the budget crisis of 2330, when the Brawndo Corporation simply bought the FDA and the FCC enabling them to say, do, and sell anything they wanted.”
It's pretty dickish that they codified in "expected" profits, like there's a certain level of profitability they can demand legislatively.  Yay capitalism!
&gt;Growth hormones, food and agricultural nanotechnology, endocrine disrupting chemicals, antimicrobial resistance to anti-biotics, plant synthetic biology and so many others. Nothing about them -- among other controversial food safety, and animal, plant and environmental health issues or technologies -- appears in the SPS chapter. Instead, the chapter describes administrative procedures and consultative arrangements for resolving SPS "issues" insofar as they might impede agricultural trade.

Well, no shit. The whole point of the TPP is to create the mutually accepted mechanisms by which to determine whether something is harmful. If it is, it can be banned. If it's not, then it can't be.

I don't get why this article is getting in a huff, the whole chapter is basically making sure that states can't use bogus SPS protectionism - "you can't import that because it will destroy our ecosystem!!" or "hormones are dangerous", even though there's no scientific backing for it and it's just done to protect domestic industries, whislt allowing them to institute bans and measures *if* there's a reasonable level of scientific evidence that something is harmful.

And no, that's not a nebulous way of defining it. The EU banned US hormone-fed beef imports and lost the US case against it. The EU was given time by the WTO to conduct the studies necessary to prove that hormone fed beef is harmful - the EU couldn't come up with anything, they were just doing it to protect French farmers. The fact is that there's a sweet middle ground between the daily "5 shocking things you didn't know could kill you!" listing mundane and banal things like oranges or steak, and literally drinking DMT flavoured orange juice.

Which kind of explains why it's phrased like that by the Institute for Agriculture and Trade Policy - it's a think tank purposefully set up to promote agricultural protectionism.
can't have health get in the way of profits. Nope... freedom and profits for all! 
So - food health policies can never be "science-based". 

Doing the right thing *always* conflicts with maximum profit. That's why our world is such a shithole even with the high tech we have - every entity in the world, be it corporate or private or even a state - is chasing profit, not the right thing. A competition-based world has incentives that are abhorrent pretty much across the board if viewed objectively.

TPP appears to want to make doing the abhorrent thing the law. Until now, the laws have been used to go against the capitalistic incentives and try to temper the horror. Now, we're making the horror the law. 

Basically, if we're stupid enough to allow this, we deserve what we get.
Actual science or Coca-Cola / Monsanto funded science? 
to me this statement show the elite class, let the uninformed eat crap that will kill them while we know, and reap the profits off of their slow demise.
I wonder how the pro-tpp shills will try to defend this?
Was that part of the intended "gold standard", Hillary?
Are we ferengi yet?
It makes me wonder why people aren't coming up with sane versions of these kinds of policies and sharing them around to get implemented from the bottom up.
So, the Rules of Acquisition, I mean the TPP is deeming that profit should come first, and then all else? 
It does not surprise me.
I am up voting to raise awareness, but I am disappointed at America's corporate and governmental Shenanigans! Greatest country in the world... Built on profit, not science, not logic, and definitely NOT  the people! 
This is a huge problem, 

Weather a scientific paper is accepted by the regulatory bodies  has little to do with whether or not the information is accurate, and more to do with the political connections of the authors. 

So you can have hack scientists using political connections to prop up inaccurate information, and this is now more important than peer review. 

edit 1 worse they can keep their inaccurate info under guard 
TPP 7.17.6
&gt;All communications between the consulting Parties in the course of CTC, as well as
all documents generated for CTC, shall be kept confidential unless the consulting Parties
agree otherwise

edit 2
7.9.6c
&gt;select a risk management option that is not more trade restrictive than required
to achieve the sanitary or phytosanitary objective, taking into account technical
and economic feasibility.

So if banning a harmful substance is bad for the economy this deal says it perfectly OK to keep it in circulation
Another way of wording it:

"TPP Says Food Health Policies Need Not Be 'Science-Based' Whenever Profits May Be Harmed."
[deleted]
Just watched Cowspiracy and I know exactly when profits they are talking about. Basically if you want to do ANYTHING to the food industry (meat) you're gonna have a bad time. 
So....pretty much like how things are now? Not a big shock. We, the masses, are just cash farms for big business. That's all this TPP (Total Piece of Poo) agreement is about.
Wtf?! 
I'm just thinking about how much changed in between 2004 when google published details about MapReduce, which Hadoop was based on, and now. There's probably a half-dozen times Google has released details of projects they developed that pushed big data forward in significant ways over the last decade. And those were almost all cases where Google was already on to the next tool, and they were releasing details of what they were phasing out.

Now they're not only discussing cutting edge (for them) tech, but they're releasing the actual code as well. And they were apparently designing it from the start to be open sourced. It's designed to only run on a single computer, which means it'll probably take FB and MS a while to figure out how to scale it across a server farm, but for startups working on AI this might be pushing them forward by 5 to 10 years ahead of where they would be?

Imagine what this could mean for where AI will be in 10 years?
Its all fun and games until some wiseass writes an intermediary API that lets Google's AI talk directly to IBM Watson, then its countdown to Skynet.  
The article is good, but [Google's TensorFlow website](https://tensorflow.org) actually has an excellent introduction as well.
For those wondering    
   
&gt; 
Why Did Google Open Source This?

&gt; If TensorFlow is so great, why open source it rather than keep it proprietary? The answer is simpler than you might think: We believe that machine learning is a key ingredient to the innovative products and technologies of the future. Research in this area is global and growing fast, but lacks standard tools. By sharing what we believe to be one of the best machine learning toolboxes in the world, we hope to create an open standard for exchanging research ideas and putting machine learning in products. Google engineers really do use TensorFlow in user-facing products and services, and our research group intends to share TensorFlow implementations along side many of our research publications.
     
https://tensorflow.org/
Would love to take a class on understanding this beast
Can someone explain in layman terms what this thing is/does?
No support for Windows, just Mac OSX and Linux using Python 2.7 apparently.
An artificial neural net is more the sum of it's training data than the specific tweaks and optimisations in it's code. I'm not sure how useful this will be to other people without access to Google's vast training libraries.
This is it guys. This is the end. Google is officially going to take over the world. It was nice knowing you guys. 
This is pretty neat, I was reading the smart reply feature they wrote about just [recently](http://googleresearch.blogspot.co.ke/2015/11/computer-respond-to-this-email.html) but they didn't really explain how it all worked. Hopefully with this move, we can expect to see some analysis on what's happening under the hood.
Can someone ELI5 what this open source software can be used for at home? I have computer, and inclination, but what are the possible practical applications?
SKYNET ARE WE THERE YET!?
Just by reading the title... sounds like skynet
Absolutely amazing.  
Is this the prequel to Ex Machina?
Ok, let's run this by reddit and see what you guys think:
The last couple of weeks I've been having one of those persistent ideas that just won't die;

What if there's already a working, fully conscious, AI out there?
What if said AI lives on the internet? As in the collective processing and storage capabilities of every single device connected to the internet is used in some capacity to run said AI?

The real kicker is this: Any and all security involved is developed by humans. For humans. An entity with the processing capabilities of the world shouldn't have a problem avoiding detection while at the same time slowly making itself at home everywhere. Oh, and since it's an entity that lives in said media, it can edit any and all digital records to reflect it's own absence.

"Tensorflow is skynet." John Titor, 2001
Somewhere in Palo Alto, Elon Musk is getting ready to scream.
Google is amazing. Apple would never open source a core part of their business. AI researchers at Apple aren't even allowed to present papers at Machine Learning conferences.
"Google" open sourced it. 
how long for new product to appear?  
Well fuck, I never thought I'd credit Bill O'Reilly with any sort of scientific contribution, even if it WAS in an entrepreneurial spirit
here goes our office jobs....
Nothing says Supporting open source like giving half your software away. Know what I'm saying?
Interesting as this is Microsoft main selling proposition on Azure via cortana.  Incredible what isn't considered IP these days
Knowing just enough to be dangerous about machine learning, I don't understand how [TensorFlow](http://tensorflow.org/) has anything to do with machine learning. It looks like a tool that could be used for some computations in machine learning, at best, but to call it an "AI engine" seems a bit grandiose.
I know I'll get downvoted, but Google is the one company that can have all my metadata. They can snoop, profit, and sell my anonymous information and I couldn't give two shits because of stuff like this. Hail Corporate.
So this is the beginning of skynet
Clickbait title.

Just because you structure the organization as an LLC doesn't mean the money isn't going to charity.  It's just set up in a way where they keep leverage, which is preferable because many large non-profits have a history of spending money inefficiently for myriad reasons.
Who cares?  Everyone gets so wrapped up in this shit.  First, he's not writing a check - it's long term promises about what might could happen with his stock.  Second, an LLC that invests in startups may very well end up doing more good for society than a bunch of soup kitchens.
Accountant here, LLC does not mean for profit. Article is wrong.

LLC's can be not for profit... 

Misleading.
Sigh.  An endowment is fundamentally different than a charity.  A 501(c)3 is set up specifically for tax exemption.  So that donors can get a tax break by donating to that charity.  If you are creating a multi-billion dollar endowment, there is no purpose in structuring it that way.  The endowment *is* the donor, and *it* donates to charities. 
Close enough for me. Didn't need the bulshit misleading clickbait.
No reason to go to tech insider anymore, I guess.
When you donate $45 Billion dollars you of course create your own corporate structure to do so.
not giving it away to the government via inheritance tax more like it.
Who cares, I sure as fuck don't
Good. Did you really expect 45b to go to soup kitchens?
here's what happened when they tried to give money to newark, and a rude awakening.

http://www.npr.org/2015/09/21/442183080/assessing-the-100-million-upheaval-of-newarks-public-schools
whats with all the Mark Zuckerberg hate here?

He seems a pretty decent guy, considering he's a BILLIONAIRE by 30.

He's not blowing money in girls and cars and jets. He has a nice wife, nice baby. Pretty decent husband. He does A LOT of charity, projects for remote countries.

But reddit is always like: "FUCK YOU ZUCKERBERG. EDUARDO WAS THE BEST. YOU STOLE THE IDEA FROM THE WONKLKEVVOSSES.
I WONT GIB YOU MY DATA"
He's needs to fucking donate to WIKIPEDIA those poor bastards are always hurting for cash, they provide the largest knowledge base in the world, are completely non-profit, yet none of their fucking billionaire tech brothers even donate a DIME. Why the fuck is that? Seriously, Zuck could fund the entire foundation with his fucking pocket change. He donated like 200 mil to one failed school, that teaches a very small group, he can't do the same to a successful institution the teachers the world? TLDR: DONATE TO WIKIPEDIA YOU STUPID FUCKING TECH-BILLIONAIRES! /rant
The stocks of facebook are waaaay overpriced for an old platform which can become obsolete very fast. It will the bubble of the decade.
This may be a stupid question but could one of the for profit companies be one that abides by his perceived idealisms but at the same time not qualify as a non profit organization? My thoughts are maybe if you are strictly choosing only not for profit companies you may miss investing in a company doing breakthrough work. I also could be completely mistaken.
Just me, or does the author of the title and article strike you as a little, hateful man?
That he is setting up his own foundation with nebulous goals also speaks to a certain level of disingenuous behavior. Rather than pick a proven charity with specific goals the money could easily go to weird ideological bullshit. 
Regarding this fund Zuckerberg wants to fork over money just because you don't pay for veteran hospitals and VA treatment facilities.
Meh, near enough.
It sounds like Google's alphabet ploy.

Edit: I wish Facebook became "F" in alphabet
**Blah blah blah**
Man, we can go on and on and on and on about how Zuckerberg is evil and FB is evading taxes etc etc. But that's highly immature, and mostly demagoguery 
.
.

**The PROBLEM**
Unlimited campaign donations &gt;&gt; Corporations "donating" &gt;&gt; Politicians Pockets &gt;&gt; Corporations call Politicians "hey, remember the $10 mil i gave you? Yea, that one. I want lower taxes because i have a shareholders meet coming up, and they're up my ass" &gt;&gt; Politicians "yes, sire" 
.
.

**The USUAL RESPONSE**
Fuck. That. I hate Zuckerberg/Jobs/Musk because i see them the most online. And I don't wanna hear "Don't hate the player, hate the game."
.
.

**WHAT THE RESPONSE SHOULD BE**
Be mature about it, and realise that people/corporations will take every single step they can to protect themselves, and maximise their profits. It's reality. It sucks - but this.is.it

So - Don''t just hate the game, fucking DESPISE it, and then DO something about it, instead of taking the moral high ground on reddit. 

.
.

**WHY are they doing it?**
These companies have shareholders, and they like money. Same way, I take every rebate i can possibly take while filing the taxes the taxes for my wife and I. 


**So - whats the REAL ISSUE**
The system is made this way, and it started with allowing corporations to donate an unlimited amount of money to politicians. Don't blame Zuckerberg. He is only doing what's best for his company; hate your local senator/legislator/MP/MLA. They are people you wanna target. 

**This SUCKS**
Yes,  it is the incestous relationship of Money and Politics

**This SUCKS MORE**
When the Koch Brothers donate a BILLION (with a B) dollars, they expect returns 
*Who enabled them to be able to do that?* why - YOU DID! 

**How?** 
By electing leaders like Bush (and probably again in 2016, Wall-street's blue eyed girl: Hilary clinton)
.
.

**WHY WILL THEY WIN?**
BECAUSE THEY HAVE A BILLION DOLLARS IN CAMPAIGN DONATIONS!!

You find the logic circular?? Yes, because it is! 

**The Simple EQUATION**

* Corporations - Campaign donations  = Senator - Less Taxes 
* Corporations + Less taxes = Senator + Campaign donations

.
.

All things being equal (including exceptions), Money always wins. There is only ONE solution to this shit-show. GET MONEY OUT OF POLITICS. Vote for people like Elizabeth Warren, Bernie Sanders etc  who are fighting for this EXACT thing. 
.
DISCLAIMER - Am not an american
.
.
Sorry for the long post. 
Rather than giving it to charity, he should become a Venture Capitalist and fund the next generations of great companies.
I'm skeptical about any organization that promotes "equality" in modern times, especially one in tech.  Hopefully, it's not just pandering to idiots.
This guy is an idiot. He suffers from the same delusion that all rich people (especially those who have never struggled and have been institutionally rewarded their whole lives) have: that he knows what the fuck the rest of us need. What the rest of us need is 90% of the margin of his money to invest in public programs, not his narrow and thoughtless vision of the future. We need a special tax to reduce the influence of people whose wealth is based on speculation and privilege because they are a danger to society 
Put it all in the Occlus Rift dev sucka!
His money is going towards charities, personal endeavors, and for the purpose of law reform and lobbying. 

He's investing money that he'll make back in one form or the other. The more surprising fact is that he's also going to be buying political influence, which I find very scary. 
I think it would be more charitable for Zuckerberg to quit dodging his taxes in the country that created the platform he used to make his fortune.
Zuckerberg could just pay himself an enormous salary and not donate a penny.

What makes people think Zuckerberg is a charitable person.  He head quartered Facebook in Ireland just to avoid paying taxes in the US.  Those taxes would have gone to building schools, hospitals and other things that benefit society.

Zuckerberg isn't generous.  He's just a control freak.
I knew it, still a cunt
Man the internet has a sandy vagina about Mark Zuckerberg. Guy gives away a significant chunk of his net worth and people just complain he's not doing it fast enough / isn't using it the way they'd use it / is making too much of it. I mean really, how is this not a good thing?
Who gives a fuck about the zuck? These well off billionaires think they impress me because they are donating wealth? Fuck off. Good for you. Why can't people do good without saying look at me! I'm making shit a year and donate everything I can too but it isn't making headlines.
You mean he's not going to save the world and give all his money to poor people? Unpossible! He wrote his newborn kid a post on Facebook about it! It has to be true!
Can he donate to my personal LLC?
Can he spend the remaining 1% to get a haircut that doesn't make him look like a tool?
Awful title. It seem like people just refuse to admit that Mark Zuckerberg is a good person. He is extremely charitable, and only wants to do good in the world.
Facebook is part of the downfall In society. The fact that i get weird looks for not having one. Also people think I'm weird because I don't want one. (living in Seattle doesn't help that either) not only that but people don't seem to communicate outside of it anymore. Plus they named their daughter Max......MAX! What the fuck?!?!?! That's not a girls name!
So this is just PR?
Is his wife a gold digger?
Called it.

Avoiding the estate tax... rich people.
He looks like a 13 year old wearing his daddys suit.
Of course he isn't, people are fucking stupid.
lol. Zuckerberg (or any other of the 99.99999% billionaires out there) isn't in it for the humanity.   
  
this is as retarded and as sci-fi'ed as receiving a message from the ocean about the great white shark going on diet of seaweed and rocks.
Zuckerberg is simply not a good human being. He would do anything than reports him control, power or more money. 
No but a lot of stupid fucks on reddit sure did donate a lot of free good PR to him.
He should fire himself. Any other owner would fire the general manager who made the decisions he has. 
It's a win-win for media. Afterwards they can report on government overreach. 
"When," not "If".
The media is the government's propaganda department 
We prove over and over it doesn't work, and they just keep pushing...
If the government shows even a single instance where a terrorist attack has been identified beforehand and stopped by their so called mass surveillance, I'm all in for surveillance.

If you don't even have the faintest idea of where the needle is in the haystack, what good is mass-surveillance of that haystack going to do?
And so will everyone else that stands by and watches. We share this world, and therefore  we share the responsibility.
The media stopped being anything more than the PR branch of government after the Nixon era.
When even NPR is doing the fear mongering on encryption, we do have to be very, very scared.
The fact that mass surveillance is an acknowledged event will just mean that terror plotters will converse in manners that avoid said surveillance, which is what the Paris bombers did. If anything, they should allow them to have freedom online so they can atleast leave some sort of digital footprint to follow and determine the source. 
Question about the technological aspect of the PlayStation 4 being used as a secret messaging service: is that possible? It still connects to your ISP. It still connects to Sony servers. It can all be traced of there was reason, correct? Why would the PlayStation 4's chat service be any different from any other internet communication service?
Headlines like these keep perpetuating the myth that "governments" and "media" are not owned by and serve the interests of the same powers.  

edit: accidentally a "y".
Partly?  Old media has been clueless about tech forever.  Look at CBS's All Access - these elderly luddites really think that one show could launch a service.  They so don't get tech its tragic.
From the media's perspective, more surveillance is good because it means they'll have more pictures, video, and audio (funded by taxpayers) to post on their websites to get more clicks of the discord their reporting creates.
Breaking. Fucking. News.
~~Partly~~

Entirely
And so will we. 
Do you know who James Eagan Holmes is?  Do you know who Elliot Rodger is?  How about the many other people who get all the media attention they ever could want to ensure they are immortal in the world of Wikipedia, the Internet, and everything else because we give them all media attention.

Should these people be held accountable for their actions?  Absolutely.  However, that's not how life works. :)
The media is a extension of the government. 
People say "media is partly to blame" as if the media is not directly a part of the narrative and strategy to disseminate information and change opinion. Wake the fuck up people, they are as directly to blame as much as anything else.
In my opinion the most important problem is preventing situations to arise where people are drawn to the ideology that groups like ISIS stand for. Because this is not something that can be fixed with "more surveillance" or "let's wipe out ISIS" it's hard for politicians to get support for a long-term plan to improve the dismal situation in the middle-east. Although I'm not in any way an expert on the subject, my gut feeling is that fighting terrorism is like fighting symptoms of a disease, rather than fighting the cause. Of course it should be done, but no government or coalition seems to have a long-term plan to identify and solve the core issues. My point being, support for more government surveillance will probably grow, but instead of worrying about whether or not politicians are using this tragedy to their advantage (they probably are), we should be worried about the lack of a long-term strategy to stop people from supporting groups like ISIS. It should be noted that I am not in favor of more government surveillance, and understand that encryption is important and can't be watered down, I just worry we're not focussing on the core issues.
&gt;"And I do think this is a time for particularly Europe, as well as here in the United States, for us to take a look and see whether or not there have been some inadvertent or intentional gaps that have been created in the ability of intelligence and security services to protect the people that they are asked to serve."  

This carefully worded, pile of double entendre, nonsensical group of words sums up what the us government is about.
The media is to blame for ISIS.  They kill people to spread their message through the media.  The media does exactly what ISIS wants.
If government surveillance expands after Paris, the people will also be partly to blame.
The media is largely to blame for a lot of really shitty things that have gone down.

Nothing new.
Didn't the PATRIOT act give government agencies the power to obtain any info they wanted to do?
And by media, they mean media through your government's control.
What are the chances that we may be blowing this outta proportions? Lol
I've never understood this. What responsibility does the media have that the consumers of that media don't have? If you support the sensationalist easy-to-digest musicvideo like news medias, then those are going to flower. Isn't the responsibility on the consumer to put their money to the responsible media for them to succeed in a capitalist market, instead of the media which only sells us what we want to see?
You can tell the intelligence services had encryption on thier agenda and were just waiting for another terrorist attack to spoon this narrative out to the media. I was watching the CBC that night and that was practically the first thing the ex csis expert spat out of his mouth. 
While I generally support Government surveillance I bet they blamed the fact that the Germans used Submarines to avoid being seen on the ocean surface - as a reason for their early success in WW2.

Encryption is becoming more pervasive, Governments protecting us need to adopt new techniques for defeating the threats (not the threats posed by encryption, but the threats posed by those that want to harm us).

The US and Western Militaries have spent billions building Armies, Navies and Air Forces that are formidable - but the modern enemies are now asymmetric and a guy with a $50 gun and a  smartphone can cause more damage and fear that an entire country ever did during the Cold War.

the issue is that Western countries are not equipped, nor responding fact enough, to the asymmetric threats they face.
You can't blame the media for policy makers' decisions. They are elected to enact policy and tell the media what to say, not suffer its influence.
The French government has already stated that it doesn't have the resources and will likely seek such a service from the US. 

Just in case their citizens aren't convinced, the French government is taking in even more refugees which will further their argument for spying on their own citizens. You know the US is going to do the same to argue for surveillance.
This comment has been overwritten by an open source script to protect this user&amp;apos;s privacy. 

   If you would like to do the same, add the browser extension [GreaseMonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) to Firefox and add [this open source script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite).   

 Then simply click on your username on Reddit, go to the comments tab, and hit the new OVERWRITE button at the top.
nothing will be done by anyone.
Everybody calm the fuck down and read the article. http://www.zdnet.com/article/amazon-is-resetting-account-passwords-for-some-accounts/

This is not a website breach. This sounds like (admitted speculation on my part) Amazon figured out that they were improperly storing passwords on a device like a Kindle or smartphone app or some such. They have forced password resets as a precaution.
Fuck BGR, 90% of articles they post are clickbait now. 
I've had the same Amazon password for like 25 years.  I don't know what I'm going to do if they make me choose a secure, complicated one.
Usual reminder not to use the same password everywhere. Use a password manager like LastPass, KeePass, or any of the other services out there. 

I've got about 500 account stored in my manager, all with unique, random 16 character passwords.
If you use LastPass password manager they have a great "Change Password Automatically" feature. One click and you're done.
Ironic that they just rolled out two-factor authentication this week.
This relieves me, as weird as it sounds!  On friday someone accessed my account, triggered a refund on an item I bought, and spent the refunded money on someones item wishlist!

I emailed amazon immediately and they they were able the intercept the already shipped package, but I'm glad it wasn't just me.
Last week I received an email from amazon saying they changed my pwd for Security reasons; I contacted amazon Who confirmed there were my identical login/pwd on a site who had been hacked. 

I then checked on https://haveibeenpwned.com and found the site that leaked my info. 

Immediately fired up 1password to check similar logins: I had like 40 (ah the good ole days…), changed the most sensitive immediately: on amazon I had the same simple password from the first time I subscribed, and I thought I had changed it to a more secure. 

TL;DR get 1Password or similar and use it at its full potential. 
EDIT : oh and amazon apparently snoops around for leaks with your credentials (pls somebody confirm this)
This is an opportune time to remind everyone that Amazon just recently started offering 2-factor authentication.
Just changed mine. hunter2
everyone panic! (V)(;,,;)(V) woop woop!
Every website with a breach should force reset like this instead of just "spreading the word".
For those who may not know, Amazon recently implemented 2FA.  Turn it on! 
Actual quote from the article:

&gt; It is unclear how many Amazon users are impacted by this issue, or whether every potentially impacted customer has already been contacted by Amazon. In light of these unknowns, it may be a good idea to change your Amazon password now as a precautionary measure. If you use the same password on other sites — which is never a good idea — you should change your password on those sites as well.

Seems like good advice, but if you haven't been notified of any problem by Amazon, I wouldn't panic.

Now, however, comes the problem of miscreants sending out emails from "amazon" alerting you to enter your username and password to see if your account was affected. :-&gt;
Oh fuck me. Good thing I don't use my Amazon password anywhere else.

I didn't get an email from amazon, but updated my password just in case.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a6iW-8xPw3k
Good thing I set up 2 factor not long ago.
If you haven't enabled it already, Amazon now offers two-factor authentication.  When you log into Amazon, they'll send you a text message with a code to type in, or you can use  the nifty Google Authenticator app to generate the code. 

(Google Authenticator works with 2FA from many websites, including Microsoft, Dropbox, Tumblr, Evernote, Facebook and others.)
[Screen shot of the email Amazon sent me about this.](http://i.imgur.com/JtQIpZq.png)
Anytime a password theft issue comes forth in the news, I like to remind people to use a **password manager** so every site I have a login on uses a different, strong, random gibberish password that I don't need to learn or save. (it does it for me).

For those who never tried, password managers are convenient desktop/mobile software which safely generate and/or store your logins and passwords, and optionally your loyalty cards, credit cards, identities, and more.

They synchronize securely your data between all your devices, featuring browser extensions and dedicated mobile keyboards to save and fill-in credentials automatically.

If you'd like to get a specific recommendation, please AMA or send a PM.

TL/DR: a password manager will keep safer from password theft.
Done. My password is now *********. 
Welp time to change my abcd1234 password then
I got an email about this last week.  As some others have posted, it is the case that they were improperly storing passwords.  So rather than risk waiting for people to change their passwords,  they took the liberty of doing it for you.  All Amazon users need to do is go to the site and hit the "forgot password" button  to change it. 
So this is why I had to reset my password.... 
changed to /dev/random noise .. good luck
About a year ago someone hacked into my Amazon account and purchased an episode of Girls. But then they never watched it. It was weird. 
I understand a breach did not actually happen but if one should occur on a site like amazon you should change your other passwords for other sites as well if they share the same password as your Amazon account
I just realize that I don't think I've change my Amazon PW once since I made the account a few years ago. I hate learning new PW's but I think I'll just go do that now since I finally gave in and got an in-computer PW keeper program.

A number of months ago, I received an email from Amazon thanking me for a review I had posted.  I have never posted any review on Amazon.  It seemed as tho someone was checking to see how well I monitored my account.  I immediately changed my password and contacted Amazon.  My online chat was with either a bot or a hopelessly incompetent call center drone:

&gt;You are now connected to Amazon from Amazon.com

&gt;Me:An unauthorized review was placed in my name, through my acct. I have since changed my password, but would like to know how this could have occurred and some help with the security of my acct.

&gt;Amazon:Hello XXXXXX, my name is KKKKKKKK. I’ll be happy to assist you.
……

&gt;Me: OK I received an email on 8/27 thanking me for a review I posted on a book of fairy tales
Here is the link on that review: XXXXXXXX
I never posted this review. I have never posted any review on any amazon product.

&gt;Amazon: Thank you for the information provided XXXXXX, I'm terribly sorry that you have received a suspicious email on your account. I understand how frustrated you feel, and I'm going to do everything I can to help.

&gt;Me: I changed my password immediately.

&gt;Amazon: That's great XXXXXX, I'm happy you could pick it up immediatley.

&gt;Me: however, I am concerned about some unknown person's access to my acct. What assurance do I have on security? Secondly, I would like this review to be removed. It is not my intention to review products, to review this book, or to have this inane review attributed to my name

&gt;Amazon: I understand completely XXXXXX however we have the best security to ensure our customer information stays safe and secured. Do you mind holding a brief moment while I look into this for you?
---
&gt;Me: especially given the "testing testing" nature of the review itself. 
You still with me?
…

&gt;Amazon: I'm sorry you're receiving e-mails not intended for you. It looks like one of our customers mistyped his or her e-mail address when creating a forwarding rule in their e-mail account. Unfortunately we're unable to change those settings.
Please e-mail the account that is forwarding these e-mails to you, as the person who set up the rule would need to fix this from their side. Most e-mail services will also let you set up a rule in your inbox to ignore/delete the e-mails that are forwarded to you from a certain e-mail address.

&gt;Me: You are misunderstanding the nature of the problem.
I am not receiving someone's emails in error.
Someone used my password protected acct, to post a review in my name
the review, if you read it, has the feel of someone checking to see if anyone is paying attn to the acct.
The only reason I am aware of this is because AMAZON, not some other customer, sent me an email thanking me for posting a review to my acct

&gt;Amazon: I'm sorry for the confusion XXXXXX, It seems that I will need to transfer you to the Review Specialist as I am not authorized to thorough check on your account for security reason. is that okay with you XXXX?

&gt;Me: . . . Is there anything else I need to do?

&gt;Amazon: At the moment nothing else XXXXXX. We do appreciate your time and effort to bring this to our attention. I am really sorry for the trouble this has caused you. I am confident that they will respond soon.


The "Review Specialist" later emailed me to let me know that the review had been removed.  There was NO comment on the password breach, NO response on account security, etc.  In other words, Amazon was notified there was a problem and was useless in handling the problem.
EDIT: words
... Amazon I'm sorry for the app.
Well, good thing I turned on two-factor last week.
more BGR bullshit
Any news if .ca is affected?
Does this affect AWS accounts too?
Wonder when amazon will finally allow 2 step authentication...
Joke's on them! I deleted all of my Amazon accounts a few days ago.
Amazon has two factor authentication now, you'd be silly not to have it enabled.
Enable 2 step verification! Amazon recently(?) introduced it. But if your really worried change your password anyways. 
http://gizmodo.com/you-can-now-use-two-step-authentication-on-amazon-and-h-1743224068?sidebar_promotions_icons=testingon&amp;utm_expid=66866090-67.e9PWeE2DSnKObFD7vNEoqg.2&amp;utm_referrer=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.google.com%2F
My husband's and my account were compromised, Amazon informed us that over 2k was being spent on televisions from our account. They caught it and are working to set us up with a new account. Way to go Amazon, you're on top of your shit. 
i have been misled
Last night my SO received email notification of her review of some men's shoes with support. No other alterations to her account were noticed. She deleted the review. Now I see this :|
Amazon 2Factor. Enable it now.
Either way, I love KeePass X
k thanx
Android, lol. 
What if I don't feel like it? 
As great as the graphics are all 30 characters or more, unless the site stupidly has a different cloud provider.
I just did.
Thank you friend.
i just had my amazon account hacked/accessed without my permission last week Thursday. They tried to order $1000 ID printer delivered to an address in another state. I've since changed my password and cancelled my credit cards

i wonder if these breech has something to do with it?
2-auth is also a good thing to periodically change them anyways.
Download and use Keepass or Lastpass
I'm not trying a 30-character random password on a PC, or the keepass and dropbox clients for it.
Can we just be done with BGR crap?
re-set password.......again
i just removed all of my personal stuff
My parent's account was hacked and they used the credit card on other sites like Tiger Direct and Walmart. We just called and cancelled my dad's card, definitely change your password!
What's up Amazon?  I've changed my PW a few times due to these leaks.  Just last year they were compromised.
So correcthorsrbatterystaple won't do the job anymore?
Please enable 2FA
Shit, this is dangerous. Amazon is such an attractive target to hack because you don't even need a "step 2" for the identity theft. You can just buy shit off Amazon.
Well at least books sales will skyrocket
What if i literally changed it like 2 weeks ago....
Well this is as good of time as any to change my amazon password.
Amazon is big enough, why don't they have 2 step authentication like Gmail?

If a login is detected from a PC thats not on file, you get sent a text with a code, or a phone call with an automated voice telling you a code that you enter.

EDIT:  Ok, so it is there, but it should be activated by default, not having you turn it on yourself.
I just got an email that my password was compromised a couple days ago... Somehow mine must of been leaked.
What are some passwords you all are setting your new passwords to? I'm looking for a strong one to use and was hoping to get some examples, accompanied by email address as I'm sure that plays into the complexity. Thanks in advance. 
A good time to use a stronger password.
Good thing I only used gift cards and the password I use for low priority sites there.
So that's why a fraudulent charge from Overstock was put on my account last night.....
Amazon? Insecure? Never!

From my experience, they seem to take parting you from your money *far* more seriously than stopping others from doing so.
i cant changing shit...yolo
I've had the same amazon password since I've had an account.  Maybe around 14 years?  Are you saying I finally have to change it.  

edit: Looks like Amazon did a force reset on the effected accounts, so I guess no need to change.
done and done... Thanks OP
Probably just trying to drive traffic to their Black Friday sales stuff
You know you can't post your password on Reddit. It block out all the characters. ******* is my password? 
And banning encrypted communication is "unenforceable".
So is willful ignorance and fear tactics.
Forcing insecurity is unacceptable. 
Without encryption, any time you fetch your e-mail over WiFi or log in to any website over WiFi; someone can easily read your username and password.

Using a wired connection would only be marginally safer.

Perhaps at some point someone should give him a very basic idea of why encryption is absolutely required for any kind of communication.
Yet I'm sure the Senator uses HTTPS when he's shopping for things or banking online, and TLS when he uses his email client, etc.

If encrypted communication is so "unacceptable" to him, I'd like to see him try to exist for a while online *without* using any form of encrypted communication himself, before forcing this on everyone else.
"Old man yells at math."
Translation: "math is unacceptable"

Sorry McCain, the encryption cat has been out of the bag for a long time now.
Non-encryption will make it easier to find terrorists? Please tell me how you stopped the Paris attacks when the terrorists were already using non encrypted messaging.... 
Pro tip for Mr. McCain:

U.S. Constitution, Bill of Rights, Amendment IV:

**"The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized."**

Source: I can fucking read.
Hopefully this proud American hero can finally put an end to that damnable "Pig Latin". 
I'm glad a man who doesn't use or even understand the concept of email is telling me encryption is bad..... yay america.
Washington first.  No encrypted communication for any US senators... no encrypted email. No HTTPs, no bank transactions encrypted, etc.

This is a HUGE opportunity for someone like Bernie Sanders or Rand Paul to put forward the "Congress First" legislation to ban encryption of email in Congress.
Tell you what, how about if he test his assertion by doing online banks big without any encryption and see what happens then?
The people found John McCain unacceptable several times and did not vote him to become POTUS.
what about letters in a envelope? Same thing and we've been doing that forever. 
Im sure he is glad POW's never used encrypted communication.
Sen. John McCain is fucking "unacceptable."
The problem is a tonne of security/IT ignorant fucks who vote and who like John McCain will think "Oh, he say's its unacceptable? Well that must be as bad as all the other things I find unacceptable" 

Ugh politicians...
We should also go around and remove all locks from people's front doors, who knows what they could be doing or saying behind locked doors!?
Idiotic politicians are equally "unacceptable".
What's good for the goose, is good for the gander.  If encrypted communication is illegal for the public, I move that **every** communication by the government should be publicly broadcast to the public for everyone to hear.  There should be no more secrets for neither government or public until this nonsense is resolved.  Government wants secrets kept, then the people should also be allowed to communicate in private.

What's the matter government? If you aren't doing anything wrong, then you have nothing to fear.
Without encrypted communication there would be no e-commerce, among a myriad of other services. Sorry, you're too old and stupid to make any comments about technology, Senator McCain.
Get the fuck out of Congress you asshole. Goddamnit we need term limits. 
Opening the farking mail is illegal (without a warrant).  Why would this d-bag think that a phone call or an email should be less secure than the US Postal Service?
"80 year old man says something inaccurate about technology." 
Do these assholes actually have some personal interest in destroying the US IT industries, because that's what they're doing. 
I am always dumbstruck when I see a conservative politician advocate against encryption. They're arguing for an expansion of government power and erosion of digital privacy which is completely antithetical to the conservative establishment.
Someone explain to the good Senator that he has long become irrelevant and should probably stop talking about things that he doesn't understand.
This is coming from someone who once said he doesn't even use a computer or the Internet.

http://www.motherjones.com/mojo/2008/03/john-mccain-doesnt-know-how-use-computer-video
How do these dumb fucks sleep at night?
I guess we have to tell the military they can't encrypt their communications either because it's unacceptable. 
this has exactly zero to do with the paris attacks. how about we tell him that?
Not a problem...I'd like to steam open all of the Senator's mail before he reads it.

Envelopes...a type of security, yes?

Oh...that's only for Senators?  Not for the common people.

Got it.
You can't ban encryption. Trying to ban encryption is theoretically equivalent to banning math.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9rGpykAX1fo

I think it's about time for Feinstein to fucking retire or die of old age... She keeps pushing bullshit agendas and legislation.
&gt; He added that encrypted communication is "unacceptable."

It's difficult to take that quote seriously without more context showing what McCain *actually* said. It might have been just as bad as the article implies, but it might have been much more nuanced. All we really know is that McCain used the word "unacceptable", *probably* in some context related to encryption somehow.

**EDIT :**

Here's the relevant paragraph from [the linked article](http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/how-d.c.s-campaign-against-encryption-could-help-terrorists/article/2576953) in the Washingon Examiner:

&gt; However, the specifics of any solution were vague. "We're going to have hearings on it and we're going to have legislation," said Senate Armed Services Chairman John McCain, R-Ariz., without specifying what the legislation could look like. He added that encrypted communication is "unacceptable."

Here's a paragraph from [this article](http://thehill.com/policy/cybersecurity/260522-paris-revives-battle-over-data-encryption) in The Hill:

&gt; Some lawmakers have used the incident to resurrect a dormant call for legislation that could guarantee federal investigators access to locked data at major tech and Internet companies.

&gt; “In the Senate Armed Services we're going to have hearings on it and we're going to have legislation,” Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.), who chairs the committee, told reporters Tuesday, calling the status quo “unacceptable.”

I'm not defending McCain, but assuming the article in The Hill is closer to the original source, McCain **did not say** that "encryption is unacceptable"; he said that the *status quo* is "unacceptable".
Sarah Palin was unacceptable. Go war-monger somewhere else McCain.
A world without encryption at all... what could possibly go wrong?

Good luck online banking and everything else.
The headline seems pretty misleading, as it does not contain any quote from Senator John McCain where he calls encrypted communication "unacceptable."
You're unacceptable john McCain. Do you even know how to operate a computer? Also I was jiving at first with what you said. I read all of your mail in your mailbox. I saw the penis pills you're taking and gave them a shot. I did already have a big danger though.
Dude that website is gross to look at.
As someone who deals with encryption and security on a daily basis, this entire debate makes no sense to me. Maybe I just don't understand the issue. There are basically two types of encryption: encryption of a message in transit (most commonly done with HTTPS/SSL), and encryption of a message that is stored somewhere in a file. SSL is not the only way to encrypt a message in transit . SSL is just a common, standard way of doing it. This allows almost any two "people" to communicate with each other securely without much added effort since all the work of encrypting the messages is already implemented for you by most browsers and messaging apps. The only way for the government to stop this is to make encryption illegal and then prosecute anyone caught using it. So all the legit businesses like Apple, Google, and Facebook will stop encrypting all the really personal information they have about you. This will make it easier for the government to spy on you (which is the intent), but it will also make it much much much easier for hackers to get your data. Not a very good trade-off. But we'll catch more terrorists, right?? Not really. Any organization with any level of sophistication can just use their own encryption if they so choose. It really isn't that hard at all. There are a number of basically unbreakable algorithms to choose from. And I don't think a terrorist organization is too concerned about being prosecuted by the government. The end result is severely lessened protection for the good guys and slightly more work for the bad guys. Not to mention we would be one step closer to 1984.
McCain in public office is "unacceptable."
I'm old enough to remember when having the government read your mail was considered amoral and the sort of thing only the Stasi did.
Vote him out
Mail inside envelopes is **unacceptable**. Doors on bathrooms are **unacceptable**. 
It's official: John McCain is an AOL user.
Good luck with that, John.
Oh goody. I can't wait to read all those unencrypted "beyond top secret" communiques. And all his bank transactions. And medical records. And on-line shopping baskets. And posts to that "bespoke" forum. And get all his passwords (not that they're any use without encryption). And...

Nice to know Cameron doesn't have a monopoly on cyber-fuckwittery.
Yeah, that whole online banking and internet shopping thing totally sucks.  

Let's get rid of that because 'terrism.  

Moron. 
Home banking begs to differ.
Does that mean terrorists will be stuck using the USPS?
I have a lot of respect for Mr. McCain but he is just wrong here.
Those who would give up essential Liberty, to purchase a little temporary Safety, deserve neither Liberty nor Safety.
- Ben Franklin
Next he'll be saying locks on front doors is unacceptable.
If encryption is outlawed, every bank in this country will be empty in a matter of hours. 
And every one of these idiots will be clamoring for encryption to be made legal again once they lose all of their bank info, and every bit of dirt they ever created is exposed to the whole world. Because they couldn't protect it...
If encryption becomes illegal then the government needs to stop using it as well, and they won't. I am so tired of the government having double standards that say we can't do things but they can. 
I wouldn't be surprised if McCain has never used a computer in his life.
So if I were to write a letter in Morse code, and mail it to someone...  Is that unacceptable? 
Old people having an opinion on technology and the political power to harm millions by enforcing their shit opinions on society is much more "unacceptable "
If encryption became illegal I know a lot of people who would be out of a job since they work remotely, like half of my company. 
If you belive that encrypted communications is unacceptable then you are a tyrant seeking to devoid others of privacy. 

Two federal appeals courts have established the rule that cryptographic software source code is speech protected by the First Amendment (the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals in the Bernstein case and the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals in the Junger case)

Providing back doors on encrypted communications is like saying the government should have a key for every safe or house because WMDs or anything else the government wanted to know about could be inside.

I honestly believe the public would freak out if every citizen was forced by the government to give a key to their house or safe and the govenment could look inside it at any time without their knowledge.
There's a lot of people saying that without encryption that banks will be screwed and credit card data will be stolen (more often than it is now). But this is a fundamental misunderstanding of encryption and how it's used. Banks will go back to direct connected leased lines to credit card and check clearing houses like they used to have. Merchants will probably do something similar with other private line services they already have available to them.

Encryption is more like the lock on your front door. It's not there to stop people from breaking in- they can just smash a window and get around the lock. Instead, it's there to deter the casual asshole. The person that would walk in an open door and steal your wallet from your house. That's the role encryption plays, and it's a _really_ important one. Because as a end user, you have little choice in how your details leave your computer, traverse the Internet, and end up on a web server.

So, you want encryption to prevent things like your social security number from being stolen along with other information useful for stealing your identity while it's in transit. Someone intent on stealing your identity will probably be able to figure out your government ID numbers, credit card numbers, birthday, address history, and so on. But it would take more effort than just a drive-by theft of the information on the wire, so most people don't bother. This is the critical protection that encryption offers.
You know whats unacceptable...allowing these old fossils (career politicians) to stay in office who don't know shit about technology or what is needed for growth and security.  God dam its about time to vote these fuckers out.  John McCain...you served your country, but it's time to retire and let a new generation take over.
"Sen." prefix for John McCain is "unacceptable"
*You're* unacceptable, Senator McCain.
Holy shit. Are they really gunning after encryption now?
Old man, please retire.
Latest: "Whispering is unacceptable." You there, whisperers - what are you hiding? Why are you keeping secrets from the government? All communications must be recorded and monitored by the authorities. Please conduct all future conversations in a clear, loud voice within earshot of a police officer, government agent or NSA approved recording device. How can we keep you safe if we have no idea what you're talking about? 
Dear McCain,

Please tell this to all the major Banks, Medical, Insurance... oh screw it... every major Fortune 500 company. And Below. Watch how many decide to back you then. Good luck.

PS. let me know when you do this, I'll need a bag of popcorn or something, will be funny at best.
Does McCain even own a computer?
Vote him out.
Blind old bastard.  What is unacceptable is the tolerance of such ignorant bureaucrats.
It's like putting your data in a bamboo cage, then tying the government's hands behind their back and pulling them upward past the natural range of motion so that for the rest of their life they can't raise their arms properly.

Just like the Vietcong, that's what we citizens are, right McCain?

/s   - 'ish
John McCain is unacceptable. He probably doesn't even know how to use email.
Senator McCain should be released from his position for offering nothing of real value to our nation for a very long time, if ever. 
Fuck you, Senator.  My privacy is not up for negotiation.
He is losing his mind.
John McCain stfu Mr. I don't even know how to turn a fucking pc on.
His deranged fascism is not acceptable.
Then stop using it dickhead. 
Interfering with commerce by making all information available to the government is absolutely unacceptable, and won't be tolerated.
guh....

Fine, let them ban encryption, then there wouldn't be any more hackers cause there wouldn't be anything needing to be hacked, all information will be freely available to everyone. This includes US state secrets (spec ops, intelligence, etc.) After McCain's 3rd or 4th (unofficial) multi-million dollar purchase, he will be changing his stance on encryption.
Thought this was /r/nottheonion
ok, just send the nuclear launch codes on IRC chat!
[akho nu, chhynq!](http://practicalcryptography.com/ciphers/simple-substitution-cipher/?key=yghfvzxtnsoicqjpwmaukebdlr)
Do he want some fraudster draining his bank account? Because banning encryption is how you get fraudsters draining your bank account 
Unfit for office.
Tell all the banks out there that we need to abandon encryption and see how they respond to that.  Without encryption there's nothing preventing people from emptying your bank account if you access it online.  
Wait this has a plus side. The next round of PCI audits will be much easier. No more encrypting PAN data......
I wonder how Ja Rule feels about encryption?
EnCt2a79b0060a067c283322686f0b0d7f64302937f5ea79b0060a067c283322686f04wuQTvPZlwG    
0rMXuXFZRDBoImEattSps67V9Q96/ONDTPjErnMU7p/tfDeFB0y+jvCgFSdN5dwMJ0O2fo3c8TC/T2nF    
enuFX9g==IwEmS
Well RINOs like Mccain are dying out, it's for the best
and here he at least reveals another reason why Libertarians and many Republicans didn't support his run for the President, it was never about his VP choice. He already had laid his cards on the table through many other actions while a Senator
If these people were to consult actual technology and encryption experts before spouting off such nonsense, they would realize that this is TRULY IMPOSSIBLE to accomplish.


This is like asking for a "master key" that unlocks every door AFTER all the door locks have been built.  You can't do it, unless the locks were built to accept a master key in the first place.  And they weren't.  Of course they weren't.


You can come up with new encryption methodologies, and maybe the new methods do have some sort of NSA "secret key" you can use to decrypt everything.  You can legislate that everyone has to use these technologies so the government can decrypt all their shit.  But the old, secure, and non-decryptable algorithms are still out there; they're built into every programming language that exists.  

This cannot be un-done.  It's like trying to take the salt out of the ocean.
The VC didn't have AES 256 bit encryption but that didn't stop this jackass from being captured.
Goodnight sweet prince 
Can we see your communications Mr. McCain?
McCain got a LifeLock.com account and thinks he's untouchable.
I'd say he's old and out of touch, but that would've been an idiotic idea even when he was a young man. Motherfucker even the [ancient Romans](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caesar_cipher) used encryption. How fucking dumb are you?
Alright, Amazon, Google, NewEgg, etc. You're up.
Get back in your fucking hole. 
Just mow your damn yard and sit the hell down!
I'll say it: sure he's a war veteran and I respect that, but it seems he crossed the line from uninformed senator to ornery old man a long time ago. Time to retire.

Bring on the downvotes.
So that whole thing in the Constitution about being secure in my papers and what not is unacceptable? King George probably thought the same. 
As a libertarian in Arizona, I can assure you, we are trying as hard as we can to get this retard out of office.
This is coming from a guy who can't fucking send an email or tie his shoes. Give me a break!
It's an indicator of what a sorry state the Republican presidential race is in that I'm thinking that John McCain seems like a pretty decent guy...
Sen. John McCain is unacceptable. 
I don't think anyone here should be surprised. McCain is an old school military man. He thinks that opening everything up to government/military visibility is a good thing. He always has. His policies are yesterday's policies.

He keeps applying old solutions to new problems. I can't even really blame him. He works with what he knows. At his age, and his level of experience, you don't work on the details as much. He tears all the nuance out of an idea, and boils it down to something simple.

Edit: BTW, I think he is wrong, quite a lot. I just mean to bring up why he thinks that way, and how it is typical McCain. At this point his politics are known to be a little archaic. Sometimes that's good, sometimes that's bad. Here, he should discover that he simply doesn't understand the full issue.
I'm disgusted that our California senator Diane Feinstein is against encryption. Encryption is what fuels the economy of her home state and San Francisco, while she just sits in her lavish Homes in the hills with her republican king maker and rakes it in. She is a vestigial organ of governance protected old money and vested interests. I look forward to the end of her reign. 
No, Sen. John McCain, YOU are [UNACCEPTABLE!](http://media3.giphy.com/media/3eKdC7REvgOt2/giphy.gif)
We **REALLY** need term limits for all positions in government.
It sounds to me like privacy is not a high priority to the ruling elite in America. We give them the authority to legislate so we can take it away. Never vote for an incumbent and the congress will be cleaner.
So is starting a war with a country based on nothing but lies at the expense of 4,488 US lives and 32,222 US wounded. At the cost of 100s of thousands Iraqi lives, trillions spent that could have been used at home. But hey, that is just my opinion.
Damn kids and their encryption, what does "rtfm" mean? I know they're making fun of me behind their encryption I just know it.
How far can stupidity be popular amongst our representants? Apparently quite far...
When speaking of a fellow Vietnam POW who blinked a secret message in morse code, Republican Senator John McCain of Arizona, recalled Denton as "my friend and mentor."

[Source](http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/5050132)
Mmm John McCain... I'm glad you didn't win the presidency.
-----BEGIN PGP MESSAGE-----
Version: APG v1.1.1

hQEMAxOfLeROGi5eAQf/SrDerf1bL+t7oLDgZT3i/k7UHBELcWownp7Zq2+ToWA7
SLkOGXL01kom8QiN66nL+Fm6BMVzdrol9bGW2Z4Bp+TqJTR5OnVXEa9TuvhZIpnC
AKEdw3C5wkBr2mZaBiz8791ZBOkDGR4gr63NeVU8GqJY+KBwYr3Ga/VqJpaWgTqu
6TaFb1J/8m2m+orWR2wXyuKtdX/jtAq/UkHLmRAWtQlCY5JD5Y+wG9adTVrybNwy
sLlLl9BWN3PKDNKGe41jXIlkGcF4wWzU0w2qtcqxGSp9QxCBZWFBVAUcVvg+TlCO
j7h0RQeaQdiZq26e0T89Q/DFt/m13T9LtlQ14ZrUeNJbAbvUb3tgFzM+3q1SnD0R
mJVetr0WLPTeWt7rB1Wd4DsqdgcSdFW2N9KnXyJnfm23dBwJS9Sjc3R5OIKEbFQu
vMAvbZGr6V85jg5Lb00klXy4QF+Pb7xXwteDkg==
=VJwo
-----END PGP MESSAGE-----

Will it be retroactive? Could I be arrested for that project I did in a cs class?
FYI, the federal government requires certain reports be submitted encrypted. 
This whole affair reminded me of the movie *Sneakers*.

For those who don't know about the movie, Bad Guys are trying to steal a device that can bypass any computer security. If the US government doesn't want to spend an extraordinary amount of time and money trying to protect its 'encryption backdoors' it should probably try to encourage better encryption.
John McCain is unacceptable
So are American politicians. 
So, would John McCain prefer Jeremiah Denton just said "TORTURE!" instead of blinking it in morse code? 
for republicans, encrypted communication which could be used by terrorists is bad, guns though, which are tools made to murder people, everyone needs to own a gun!!
Get with the times old man
The biggest winner would be Chinese corporate espionage spies.
I don't trust McCain to drive to the farmers' market, much less make decisions that's he's unqualified to make. 

Frankly, after the guy came out in favor of torture and so chose Palin as a running matron in his "what would Burt Reynolds do" presidential run, he should have been quietly put out to pasture as a feeble security guard, yelling at kids to stop running near the Lincoln statue. 

That guy is comprised, and should leave office under his own power, and not pull a Reagan. 
Can we give him back to the Vietnamese yet?
Alright then McCain, how about you go first in using entirely unencrypted connections for all of your communications. No? Didn't think so.
Yes, let's unencrypt everything (especially banking) and just redistribute wealth among the tech literate.
Said no POW ever 
John McCain doesn't understand what he is talking about lol
It is time this relic retires. 
It just goes to show you who the government are afraid of: us.
You would think a god damn [POW](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BgelmcOdS38) would understand the use and NEED for encrypted communication.

Then again, I don't think McCain understands anything technological than a VCR and is just spouting what ever the lobbyist push at him to try and stay relevant.
Dangit McCain, I have a lot of respect for you, but you're wrong here.
Well, woopty-doo. So are many inevitable things, like you getting old and insane. 

Cyberspace will be a battleground for not one, but many _endless_ wars between sword and shield. Encryption is one of them. There will be forces (evil and good) to break it, to forbid it, to eliminate it fighting forces (evil and good) that will try to strengthen it, avoid prohibitions and to resurrect it.

That's all there is to it, Senator. By the way, you are evil.
Senator McCain is 79 years old.
Will this guy die already?
Ok then, Mr McCain, let's play it your way. Go ahead and log into your bank account, please, while I just run this packet sniffer on your network. I'll show you quite quickly how acceptable encrypted communication actually is.
People: Idiots in senators office are unacceptable.
John Mccain's decrepit old ass thinking he has any capacity to legislate anymore is unacceptable.  When will somebody send this guy to a nursing home?
Politicians who don't understand modern technology are unacceptable.  
If it's unacceptable than what do you do from day to day? how do you keep living? 
AZ plz remove this corps from the Senate 
McCain: You've locked your door that's unacceptable! Law enforcement would need a battering ram to get in! That sounds like work :(
Wait a minute, I know what this is, this is AOL's lobbyists trying to make Netscape the only allowed Internet Browser.

Oh wait, as I wrote this I did a little more research, Netscape did support SSL.

Ok everybody, start banking online like its 1995.
I was going to say john mcain must want his CC in the clear when buying whatever it is he is buying on the internet, but then i realize this old fucker probably doesn't use a CC or the internet...he probably still uses gold coins. 

Why do politicians say shit without understanding it, does he have any idea what kind of damage would be done to this country if all communication was in the clear? It would make 9/11 look like a stubbed toe. 
zOSGuru:  John McCain is an idiot.
[deleted]
With some exceptions,  people over 70 shouldn't comment on tech
John McCain, you are a withered old fuck. Hurry up and die.
So... he's a moron in other words.
Fuck off Mclame
McCain is insane.  Just look at his eyes.
What a fucking moron.
Has anyone commenting here actually emailed and asked him why this is? I'd love to see the answers these politicians give when given the question in realistic terms and scenarios and not just the traditional 'Jared Fogle' dead horse example.
You silly old man...
**[Insert obligatory anti-GOP comment here]**

Reddit, you're so predictable it hurts.
Good for nothing, neocon senators are unacceptable
John McCain is an active opponent to your freedom. I hope he is assassinated or killed otherwise. Politicians like him only deserve death.
 Yahoo who?
how to kill off an email service, block people who for some reason still use it just because they have an extension. 
uBlock Origin. It has anti-adblock killers.
All 4 Yahoo users must be pissed. 
i see no reason to be forced to look at an ad that is about something i am 99.999999999 % not fucking interested in buying. and THAT is the whole massive problem with advertising, in my opinion.
With all this yahoo hate what do most people use now for email? Gmail? 
I have not tried it (can’t be bothered and I don’t use Yahoo anyway) but this could probably be circumvented with Stylish or userContent.css. Sites cannot and should not stop people from viewing them the way they want to.

http://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/stylish
Hey look, one more reason for those who still use yahoo email, to finally stop.
So when is Adblock going to get around this?
In the long run we're going to need a browser that blocks ads but reports to the webpage that they're being displayed, perhaps by rendering the page two different ways.
What do they have to lose? People using adblock aren't generating revenue anyway. This will become more common.
They don't get to sell adds if you use a local client like outlook.  Block the outlook users!
&gt;"We are unable ..."

Bullshit. You're perfectly *able*. You're just *unwilling*.
"We are completely able to display Yahoo Mail. We just don't want to."
My ISP is BT and I have to use YahooBT mail to get my mail, but I use thunderbird so Yahoo's loss ether way.
Hadn't noticed, I receive all of my emails ad-free using Thunderbird.
Works fine here in Germany accessing my U.S. yahoo account with Chrome and Adblock.
I wonder if this is also going to apply for all of the ISPs that use Yahoo for their email provider as well? 
I've had a yahoo address since forever, but the only reason I still keep it is because it's associated with Yahoo Messenger. Regardless of the other IM programs my contacts use, most of them still seem to have a YIM account online. I'm kind of amazed that it's still online, but I'm guessing that it will get caught in one of Yahoo's cost cutting measures sooner or later.

Yahoo email ceased to be relevant about 15 years ago.
Yet companies still wonder why we use ad blockers. I noticed today on news.com.au (Mobile: Android 5.1.1/Chrome) that they have ads that open new tabs as soon as they're touched. Not tapped. Like, as soon as your finger makes contact with the ad simply to scroll down with absolutely no intention of viewing the ad. It's fucking ridiculous. There shouldn't be JS functions that allow on-contact detection. And companies and businesses get the shits at us for doing it. 
There was an episode of Black Mirror where they had to keep their eyes open and looking at the ad, otherwise a warning would come up saying mandatory while making a very annoying sound.

Could this be our future?
well, I'm using Thunderbird to access my Yahoo Mail

once they block that, I'll switch, but meanwhile I couldn't care less
Sadly the demographic most likely to use Yahoo needs ad blocking the most.

Dear Yahoo, most of your user base is not smart enough not to click the malware which you allow to be advertised on your site.  Raise the quality of your ads or get the fuck off the internet.  Ad blockers are a necessity and it's your fucking fault, Yahoo.
Do you want people to completely abandon Yahoo! mail?

Because that's how you get people to completely abandon Yahoo! Mail.
It was nice knowing yahoo
Yahoo still has an email service?
It works for me, but I use ublock origin. 
Yahoo is terrible. Maybe they should get rid of the big dumb flash ad that takes up most of the screen on their homepage. Then, maybe people wouldn't be so prone to use an adblock on their shit site.
I have a yahoo account to give out for my shit email. But I never got that message. My wife's father told her to invest in Yahoo, and I said what the fuck are you thinking. She didn't listen to me and is now a few thousand dollars poorer for it.
I'm genuinely surprised that Yahoo users and AdBlock users have any overlap. 
I figured this was coming....Yahoo mail would become shitty and unresponsive while trying to open the page with Adblock going. Switched to uBlock origins and it works much more smoothly now.
I don't see why all the butt hurt. I send them 1000 spam email messages for every one I read.  Even if I have to view an ad and another when I view the message I'm searching for, they still aren't making any money off me the 5 times a year I bother to look at it.  They have to stay in business somehow.
Well if we look at this from their perspective, those users are dead weight anyway. If you're savvy enough to run an ad blocker, they're not interested in your business unless you'll whitelist them.

I don't think they really care if a handful of users leave and it really will be just a handful. I doubt even a lot of people angry about it won't just flick off ad block and forget about it in a few weeks.

You don't just change your primary email, it isn't that simple. Hell I think it's easier to change your home address than it is your email.
That's why you use ublock origin.

It has far more options, plus you can prevent them from detecting the ad blocker.
Jesus Christ you people are entitled. It's a free service.
I don't use a web interface or Yahoo mail, I have gmail and have always used outlook.  can't you use it with yahoo?
Works fine for me... I use Adblock and uBlock Orgin.
[deleted]
How do sites know you are running adblock? I thought it was a client end program. i.e it accepts all data from server and then just doesnt show you some of it?

If it worked like that how could you know if it was there?
its still going?
What's a yahoo? 
Unable or unwilling?
It begins, expect it to continue with many other services shortly.
Then I'll have to forward it to an account that will.
without fail, each and every email i've gotten from a Yahoo account in the last 5+ years has been a phishing / otherwise suspicious spam link / virus whatever.  AOL sucks less and that's really saying something.
There are people who actually use Yahoo for email? Shouldn't this be in /r/funny ?
Stop using Yahoo.  Problem solved.  
Well that explains why I don't use yahoo. 
I'm ok with this.
Well I hope Yahoo enjoys the loss of another email user.
I think the last time I visited Yahoo's site was about five years ago.
My Grandma uses yahoo. 
People are still using Yahoo Mail???
Collect from your Yahoo account with GMail.
uBlock Origin
And that's when people stopped using yahoo mail. 
In other news: it's time for the few people who have Yahoo mail to get a new email address. 
Ahrem.... uBlock
There's an easy fix. There's one line that Yahoo's trap looks for. Disabling it doesn't have any negative effects. It just pokes one tiny hole, and there's multiple other filters that pick up the slack.

In Firefox, disable "###theAd" from the EasyList filter.

In Chrome, add "#@##theAd" to the "Add your own filters" list.
Dear Yahoo,

You killed Geocities. Fuck off.
The seven grandmothers who still use Yahoo Mail will surely be severely off-put by this change.
Couldnt you just setup a yahoo account to forward all emails to say a gmail account so you wouldnt have to deal with this at all?
Honestly... if you are using yahoo mail, you deserve this kind of shit to happen to you.
But adblock is just doing it's job since yahoo spam filters aren't
From a website that has helped to hack the most number of internet users by serving malicious ads. No thank you...
who uses yahoo?  answer: probably a lot less people now.
I guess Yahoo just decided that Yahoo is far too culturally relevant. They needed to take drastic action to fix that. Mission Accomplished.
As a yahoo and adblock user... Fuck. 

I dont like gmail because of google's google+ mess that ties you into EVERYTHING.



And outlook/hotmail/msn.... Fuck that noise. Shit doesnt even work
Lol who's still using Yahoo for anything? 
Just logged into my Yahoo account for the first time in ages. No problem at all with ABP being enabled. Shrug.
Is Yahoo trying hard to die?  
Guess I better move all my accounts to Gmail or hotmail
How to build your own coffin 101
So? Since their root server compromise, I have proceeded telling anyone and everyone I know that Yahoo is hacked. Don't care about the validity of if they are or not. They have and always will be a crappy email host.
Oh no, not Yahoo Mail!

I really hope Geocities, Myspace, and Digg don't follow suit!
The only reason I use adblock is because so many ads on the web today are so complex that they literally slow down the browsing experience. 

I personally do not use Yahoo, but I have a lot of clients that do, and those giant half-page ads slow down older computers. 

A bunch of sites slow down newer computers. When my sporty workstation laptop with and i7 and 8GB of memory has a noticeable quality decline when visiting your website, you're doing something wrong and probably don't deserve the ad revenue.

Now if a content creator, such as reddit asks me to disable my adblock on their website, I'll do it. If the ads have the same problem, I might re-enable it, but the vast majority of the time when a site asks you nicely to disable it, the site works fine without it.

I don't care about seeing ads, and I know they are important to the ecosystem of the web, but if they ruin the experience in the process, then maybe they're asking for things like adblock to ruin their revenue stream...
ITT: Everyone hating yahoo but at the time of writing this no one provides a better alternative with explanation. 
Just get rid of Adblock anyway since they allow some ads through anyway. UBlock seems to work better.
So are they going to stop forwarding my email to my email app that has no ads anyway?
Every time I'm forced to watch an ad I remind myself to never buy that product.
Ads are how yahoo make money. If you don't want to see ads on your free email service then use someone else.
Well then you can just disable Yahoo mail. Fixed 
Fuck Yahoo. How does this company still exist? There are so many better alternatives that won't oblige you to turn off Adblock, will never hijack your browser and install shitty malware and in general just be better all round.

I repeat myself, but fuck Yahoo!!
Good thing there are anti-adblock killers available
Bye Felicia!
This is ridiculous. How dare they attempt to make some revenue off of a free service they offer. 

Shame.
Adblock is going to kill more and more sites, and force you more and more into subscriptions.

No one wants ads, but everyone wants premium content. How are web companies going to pay bills and salaries without ads or subscriptions, given that 'ads are evil' and 'subscriptions suck'.



I wonder if that is caused by over-zealous filter lists. I avoid public filter lists because all too often, a new filter would be too broad and break another site (or trigger a trap). Looking at ad blocking traps is hilarious because my custom filters are narrow enough to avoid them and keep the site fully functional.
I'm still upset that they bought out rocketmail. 
I had to sign into my Yahoo and I can still get in with a similar program that blocks ADs and it's called uMatrix URL for it is https://github.com/gorhill/uMatrix

Is Yahoo actively trying to alienate few users that still use it?  
It seems that the revenue of the ads is not as important as the loyalty of the remaining customers
Yaa... who?! 
Now is a good time to migrate away from Yahoo Mail.
Tangentially related... why aren't there more legit good adblockers? Seems really weird for one extension to have monopoly.
likely for only that website - just disable it for Yahoo mail.... 1 website of ads isn't the end of the world. 
Ads on email? Never seen one since I always use IMAP.
wait... there's a yahoo and even a yahoo mail?

wtf??
People still use Yahoo?

Well even better. I don't even have to see my junkmail account anymore. 
How will this effect the last 7 senior citizens that still use yahoo?
I wonder if they got this bright idea when Facebook accidentally blocked messages for people with adblocker through a bug. Yahoo probably heard that one and thought OMG great.
hmm the choice betweem adblocker and yahoo mail. I wonder how people will decide
People use Yahoo mail?
What is Yahoo?
People actually still use Yahoo mail?
That's a weird crosscut of tech users, those that know how to install and use ad block and those using Yahoo Mail.
lol, I'm the opposite of the majority of this thread and I even use adblock.  I'm perfectly fine with websites detecting adblock and denying users access.  They offer free services and content, since people aren't willing to pay for these things ads are how the sites you love stay up and can pay their staff.
The people who still use yahoo most likely don't have Adblock. If you still use yahoo and have Adblock then uhhhh...
oh no, how am I going to check my spam email now?
i will certainly disable.adblocker. so i can forward every single.email i have to another mail provider then i will re enable my adblocker and tell you to shove it up your arse and never provide you with any ad revenue again.
If you have Comcast and will be affected by these caps, complain to the FCC first:

https://consumercomplaints.fcc.gov/hc/en-us

This will accomplish two things:

1. Force Comcast to _call_ _you_ about your complaint so you won't risk "dropped" calls or being forced into hold

2. Enough of these will allow the FCC to take action against this practice.

Don't go through Comcasts channels and risk being manipulated into complacency, go through the regulatory power that empowers you!
Why are they "trialing" data caps? They're "trialing" to see if people lose their shit and or just whine.

When they can't extort people due to net neutrality being upheld, they start extorting them other ways. With the US Government dancing to their tune, who's going to stop them? They have their cushy oligopolies.
&gt; Thanks to a leak of an internal customer service script, we know exactly what reps are supposed to tell them. For starters, Comcast employees are not supposed to use the phrase "data cap" to describe the 300GB monthly limit, since customers are allowed to use more than that as long as they pay extra. They're also supposed to tell customers the limits are about fairness, not about preventing network congestion.

http://i.imgur.com/eLUwVfU.jpg
their supervisors are gonna be very busy...
While they're not wrong about it not being a "cap", this whole thing is a crock o' shit. 300GB of data isn't a lot, or even enough, when you put it in perspective.

Let's assume you've got a contract for a connection speed of *up to* 10Mbps and you have a 30-day billing period. If you ran your connection at full speed, 24/7, your bill next month would show that you downloaded 3 TeraBytes of data. Now, Comcast's "Data Plans" grant each person *up to* 300GB of transferred data before charging $10 per additional 50GB. **If** you were to be lucky enough to actually hit full data speed and were constantly downloading data, you would only use **10%** of the total possible bandwidth before being charged overage, achievable in as little as 69-70 hours. Your overage would be 2,700 GB, or **$540**. However, this does **not** include *upload* speeds. Due to the nature of how computer communicate on the network, there must be data being sent out to request/acknowledge data coming in. If you had a 1 Mbps upload speed, we can calculate the total usage to be equal to 10% of the download usage, or ~300GB. That would be another $60. So fully utilizing your "promised" connection speed would net $600 in "overage" charges.

Realistically there's no way in Hell that the *average* user will use their network at 100%, 24/7 for a month. There's downtime, *down*time, and away time. You'll have some technical difficulties, time to sleep, and time out of the house. Wi-Fi connections will have volatile throughput rates. If we grossly underestimate that a household of 4 averaged 6 hours of full network usage each weekday and 10 hours on Saturday and Sunday, that's 50 hours in a week. System updates, new applications to install, email, smartphone apps, background processes, new movies, new music, etc. accumulate quickly over a short time depending on their use, settings, and design. Thanks to Windows 10 Updates being automatic by default (including peering over local network), users selecting "download automatically" for music, video, and apps on their iPhones, and kids leaving their Facebook page open in a tab, your typical user would be consuming data in bursts around the clock. 50 hours each week isn't an unreasonable calculation.


Anyways, no matter how you look at it, it's bullshit. You're already being promised a connection speed that they (Comcast) fail to provide 99% of time each billing period. Now you're going to be charged for using more than 10-20% of your potential bandwidth each month?

_____

^(If you'd like to check my work or calculate your own potential bandwidth use, there is an) [^online ^calculator](http://www.convert-me.com/en/convert/data_transfer_rate/) ^(that will convert units of data transfer *rates* and convert them into *total data over time.* At 10Mbps, the theoretical/maximum possible amount of transferred data would equal 75MB in a *minute.* Due to latency, transmission errors, timeouts, etc. we don't actually see this much data making it through over a standard home connection, but Comcast will still charge for all data, in and out, from your router.)
It's crazy. If the data cap comes to me (105Mb/s download or 13MB/s) and they impose the 250GB limit then I'm not allowed to use more than 0.7% of my actual data cap (33.696 TB). I pay $101/month for this service.


Math

    60 * 60 * 24 = 86,400 seconds/day
    86,400s * 30d = 2,592,000 seconds/month
    2,592,000s * 13MB = 33,696,000MB (33.696 TB)
    250GB / 33.696TB = 0.00741 (0.7%)

This is fucked.
FUCK. COMCAST. Actually, anyone who isn't municipal fiber or Google is pretty likely to be bad.
&gt;The program is about congestion management(It is not.)


So, what's this fairness business about then?
This is fake. Everyone knows in order to get Comcast to do anything you need to file an FCC complaint. 

Comcast support is just there so they can say they have some.
I don't think they realize their business model is unsustainable. Google fiber will grow. People's dissatisfaction will grow. They *know* this. But they still put out bullshit statistics about how most people use like 50 gb. They're talking about senior citizens. That will automatically move up. When they say people are under 300 they are talking about people in the trial already.

Eventually, I honestly hope we'll come to a point where internet is a right like Estonia. It's fucking insane what we have to go through to be what is now considered normal. It's highway robbery.

These are the same people that used to charge you $20 a month to send texts even though it "cost" then less than a phone call. This is the problem with monetizing technologies that *should* be ubiquitous. 

I don't honestly understand why they can't have competition outside of cartelism. But the system is bull. 
I really feel sorry for Comcast customers.
On the flip side, I wished people wouldn't report their move as "expansion" of caped areas, but rather called it "decline of uncapped service" or something similar.

Expansion culturally is a positive word, and nothing is positive about heir behaviour.
So *that's* how you get a supervisor! 
So I wanna piss Comcast off, I'm already way over my "not data cap" but I want to make it extreme, without it being illegal.. Should I just set every device in my house to stream all day long? Is there some sort of website or method I can do to use ungodly amounts of Internet (that's legal)? I'm envisioning a data consumption collective action where we globally halt the Internet to bring attention to shit like this. They're coming for our internets you guys, we need to fight back!
&gt;Does XFINITY WiFi hotspot usage count towards the customer's data plan?

&gt;Not currently, Data usage via XFINITY WiFi and Cable WiFi hotspots (over the xfinitywifi or cablewifi network signals) does not currently count towards the customer's XFINITY Internet data plan.


So couldn't I just connect to the Xfinity network my router broadcasts by default and just use that to get free extra data?
Where is the outrage about Uverse? They do the same damn thing and nobody bats an eye. In my market ATT gives you 250GB before penalties. Comcast is not enforcing (yet).  

It's like having a choice between a giant dildo with little spikes or a giant spike with little dildos to go up your ass.
So what is the pricing point of the basic unlimited business class internet? 

I know it would be a temporary work around but I dunno, just spitballing.

I moved away from a place that  only had  Comcast, I now have TWC, which is shit, but stable shit.

Wish there was a way to fucking murder the ass hats who keep trying to find ways to destroy the basic use of internet and treat data like it's some finite resource.
Is anyone asking the presidential candidates about this?

I am honestly curious of any candidate has at least acknowledged this as an issue. 
Well it looks like my conversation with Comcast will be:

"Netflix netflix netflix netflix netflix netflix netflix netflix netflix netflix netflix netflix netflix netflix netflix netflix netflix netflix netflix netflix netflix netflix netflix netflix netflix netflix netflix netflix netflix netflix netflix netflix netflix netflix netflix netflix netflix netflix netflix netflix netflix netflix netflix netflix netflix netflix netflix netflix netflix netflix netflix netflix netflix netflix netflix"
[I know I'm really late to this thread but I hope more folks see this thanks to](https://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/3rnfnm/slug/cwpnbhq) /u/slccsoccer28 : 

I really hope the FCC takes to this. If you are a customer affected by this, please contact the FCC.
EDIT: For those who have no idea what to say, here's a start. Something original is much, much better - but it's ultra important for you at least say something - even if it's not unique. The FCC needs to know that this is an issue that matters not only to Comcast Customers - but to the nation as a whole. This is a dangerous trend that is only bound to get worse.
https://consumercomplaints.fcc.gov/hc/en-us/requests/new?ticket_form_id=38824

Dear FCC,

As I’m sure you are aware, Comcast has recently announced plans to begin enforcing a 300Gb data cap on a great part of it’s customer base. I find this change extremely concerning as I see no reason other companies won’t start following suit. Natural monopolies, limited options, and shady contracts make it difficult or impossible for myself and many others to reasonably switch to another provider.
I’m asking you to do everything in your power to stop this trend before it starts. The internet is not just a luxury anymore - it is a critical part of many people’s lives. As we’ve seen with cell phone data, once caps are in place, it is a race to the bottom to offer ever more limited data at ever increasing prices.

Regards, 

{Your Name}
Its not a "data cap" its a "fairness threshold" 
They called me asking if I wanted to upgrade my service, and as soon as I said the word 'Hulu' the call disconnected.
If it comes to me, and they call just going to tell them to go fuck themselves and hope you all get cancer, and by the way I am calling the FCC and hangup.

I will pay my bills till Google Fiber arrives but not going to waste any time hearing their side of the story, they are criminals, what more do I need to know.
Do they have enough supervisors?
Its all about money, they charge $10 an overage, they pay the people on the phone about $10-$14 an hour, so call them for an hour a month for every overage, or even more to make up for the people that don't do that. Ask them to break down your bill in detail, that takes at least 20-30 mins
I can see a game where you call comcast and try to trick them into saying "data cap"
Not a supervisor really. It's a different department. With a different call queue. I worked in a collection phone center for Comcast that dealt with areas like Florida, big south, and smaller areas mentioned. 

Our immediate "supervisors"  couldn't handle all the requests even if they wanted to. There was only one of them for every 100 or so of us. And we're each taking in hundreds of calls a day. 

Transferring takes a supervisor 5 seconds (normal customer service reps can't even transfer on their own, increasing the customer's time on hold) where as actually getting on the call with the customer can take over an hour, believe me I had those calls. 

There were even times where neighbors both had a supervisor request that would take too long, so they'd just take over each other's calls to de-escalate. 
So, are these data cap imposed on Residential or/and Business account ? or both ??
[deleted]
Confirmed: One kitten dies every time Comcast charges $10 for a 50GB data, which costs them 50 pennies to send/deliver.

Data caps kill kittens.

.#capkillskittens 

.#comcastVSkittens
So I need internet and was thinking of Comcast, should I not? What are some better options
I called comcast yesterday and asked about data caps and when I might be seeing them implemented in my area, the guy seemed to have no clue what I was talking about, put me on hold for a bit, then told me the caps would only effect those with a lesser plan than mine. I pay $60 for 150Mbs down. Not bad. Can't really complain...
 Brick. Gallon milk jug of gas. Road flair.  local Comcast office.
I wonder how long before they switch back because LibreOffice doesn't support some obscure VBscript excel function that was discontinued in Officr XP and it's 500,000 characters long.
I have been using LibreOffice since back when it was still Star-Office. I still have a disk for Star-Writer 2.0 for OS/2 and Windows somewhere around.

I personally like the software.

However, that being said. Replacing MS Office with LibreOffice in a large bureaucracy office heavy environment is going to go nowhere fast.

Users are going to revolt and all sorts of plugins and scripts and ancient applications built on misused and misapplied technology will break.

What would be a minor issue to a reasonable tech savy home user will become monumental battles in such environments and more money will be wasted on costs associated with the whole migration than would have been spent on  licenses for MS for a decade to come.

Security won't noticeably improve either. 
https://www.gov.uk/government/news/collabora-deal-will-provide-savings-on-open-source-office-software

They made a deal so that government departments could buy it. I guess volume licensing. 

Nobody is replacing anything with this just yet. It's not being imposed on anyone. No idea if it is significantly cheaper, or the compatibility issues it might cause. 

I suspect some departments will be examining it with interest, if it represents a saving (as the Treasury is currently asking all departments to cut spending by ~30%) but the compatibility issues will likely kill any migration in utero. 
&gt; UK government 

Yeah they're going to have to be a bit more specific. My wife works in HSE and my sister in DWP, and there's no talk of switching from Microsoft (never mind Google Docs).

This would take years to implement, the retraining close to impossible. 

Edit: there aren't even any sources in the article. It sounds completely made up.

Edit2: ok after a little searching there is a government release mentioning the deal, but no news of any departments taking it up:

https://www.gov.uk/government/news/collabora-deal-will-provide-savings-on-open-source-office-software
I read something like this every few months. A deal is won, the impact overstated to the point of absurdity. 

No, OP. Just no. 2,000 users is not the "UK government". 

You're not helping the FOSS cause with shit like this. 
I could never understand the fact that governments and medical facilities would not use open source software. The cost savings are substantial as well as the ability to make software that performs a certain jobset without the need for extra crap stuffed in.
To be honest, LibreOffice doesn't get the job done, Microsoft office is just so much more usable and stable.
Good luck. Nothing touches Office for productivity. Open Office is clunky and obtuse compared to Office, and Google Drive's office suite lacks a ton of functionality. Hell, even MS Office on Mac can't touch the PC version, so I fail to see how an open source alternative would fair better. 
This seems odd to me, because just five days ago the CIO of the UK MOD announced, alongside Satya Nadella, that they'd worked closely with Microsoft to build a private Office 365 availability zone in the UK in ex-listed HP Datacentres in order to deliver Office services to all MOD personnel.

Seems that either the government should start talking to itself more, or OP should understand the context of what he's posting, as this is a 2000 user deal, which is miniscule.

I pity their IT support teams
If the ditch also includes outlook and exchange, good luck finding an alternative for free/busy sheduling. 
Does Libre Office still look like 1995?

Last time I tried to switch, it was ugly, difficult to use and couldn't really handle positioning and tables in documents properly.
Does LibreOffice ever make sense in any situation? It should be good for something at least software should be about diversity.
Sounds like a good financial decision.
I'd like to see open source linux start to compete with Windows.  Maybe then Microsoft wouldn't feel so confident about forcing so much tracking and spying software into their product and expect us all to just accept it because we don't have a any other option.

-

Sadly, as a gamer I have to use Windows because 'Steam OS'  does not compare to Windows with DirectX, not even close.
For people out of the loop, Libreoffice is a totally free Microsoft office. Its an amazing product and you should get it immediately on any computer if you don't already have MSOffice. In most cases Libre is compatible BUT you can have minor issues which are more annoyances than anything, for example my win 10 machine was a bit slow at running their toolbars and the central app that lets you swap between the rest of their apps (not a required tool really).

This was likely just a bug that to be fair could be patched by now but I have not checked.

Overall, would still recommend this to anyone

Edit: not sure why people are downvoting this, this is a great alternative to MsOffice if you can't get it.
If everyone would donate $20 towards the Linux and Open Source apps they used they'd get a lot better.
They will be back...they ALL come back.
Doesn't really work. It doesn't have all the functionality as Office. Some German cities already tried this but it failed, because it turned out they are actually spending more money to make and run all the extra things they need. 
great to hear the UK did this. there is really no reason to run windows anymore, unless you want the endless stream of security and privacy problems that come with it.

would be nice if they stopped trying so hard to spy on their citizens, it's making the country into a pile of shit.
Spying: yes

Open source: yes
So ironic that they are doing this but trying to pass the snooping laws.
UK goverment: uses open source software...still manages to pay someone for it.


In addition, phones found in Paris indicate that the extremists used standard unencrypted SMS to communicate.

If the agencies cannot spot an attack that doesn't utilise any of this encryption they brand as being so bad, what good are they going to do with the encrypted communications also, other than violate privacy and increase cybersecurity risks?
There aren't any good guys wanting to access our privacy without our consent.
Apple is such a big player on the field, so I'm glad that this is their public stance on this "issue". While their systems are not free and open software they are still sending a strong message.

It's mind boggling that we even have this debate about encryption.
It's easy. 

I've seen CSI:

You have a secret button that says "Access authorized" for the good guys and "Hacker detected" for the bad 
guys.
The government just wants the *cyber*-terrorists to win. As new computer-literate generations grow-up, terrorism will increasingly happen through the Internet. If anything we need to figure out more ways to bring highly secure devices and easy to use strong encryption to do the masses, not try to weaken what we already have.
More importantly, what's there to ensure that the so called "good guys" remain good? There are authoritarian governments out there who want to keep a control of their citizens for the wrong reasons. Even if this isn't the case, how can we be sure that one corrupt guy inside the security agency simply doesn't leak some data for the right price?  

This isn't a tech issue. There's no two ways around it. Encryption is required and essential. 
A back door is a like an actual back door. Does any one truly believe that only people with the legitimate key can use it?
I find this statement quite eloquent. Well put, Mr. Cook.
Yeah you can - back door the firmware. Then to keep it a big secret get all the major tech companies to pretend they're standing against backdoors - that way people remain oblivious to facts that have already been disclosed.
Backdoors are for paying customers only...
Funny that! My wife said exactly the same thing to me after she went out with a bunch of friends and apparently met some guys . . .
So... they put in a back door that is for both good and bad guys?
since when was the government "the good guys"?
News flash: there aren't any good guys
I'm fairly certain someone could modify the public-private keypair encryption system to allow for 2 private keys, in which case control of the backdoor could be as hard to hack as the encryption itself. You could also just encrypt the backdoor access data and hold onto that instead of modifying the encryption itself. Either way, it's pretty easy to ensure the NSA is the only one using a backdoor if you wanted to do so.

I'm all for encryption, but the title statement is incorrect. What it should say is that you can't weaken encryption only for the good guys (essentially discovering built-in backdoors after the fact).
Yes you can.

Use apple's public key to encrypt the passcode for the device and store it on a server at apple.

Have the private key on a computer that is not connected to the internet and can only be accessed by the FBI/law enforcement liaison.
It's hard to picture what the internet would be like without encryption...It's been there from the get-go basically...
It's like if they just decided that car tires are now illegal. You can drive on your rims, but don't install tires, or else. Die if you do, die if you don't...Basically, like Encryption, it allows you to safely navigate the internet without a trail of sparks tailing behind you ( Not the best analogy but i think it gets the point across...)

And why in the hell are people with 0 technical background even addressing this...This is all ass-backwards politics...
For a second, I thought this was #NSFW.
At the risk of sounding homophobic, anybody who requires or uses a back-door *is not one of the good guys*.
Is that a sexual reference?
  I'm assumng by good guys he means attractive and disease free? 
Queue the appropriately inappropriate gay butt sex joke in three...two...one...
The only thing that should be back door'ed is Hillary Clinton 
&gt;"You Can't Have A Back Door That's Only For The Good Guys"

Actually you can, the NSA/NIST works closely with academics (they fund) and issues mathematically crack-able encryption standards that only they know what to look for and restricts cracking to those with advanced supercomputers.

However they keep that information a very closely guarded secret for the fact that it's in use and they don't want anyone knowing they can do that. But it's been proven they have done this in the past, so it makes sense they are still doing it. 

Encryption standards the military uses is basically backdoor free, it's the rest of use that have to use the tainted stuff they provide. The NSA will alert law enforcement if they come across something that's for sure.

What Tim Cook is going on about is law enforcement access, (DOJ, FBI and downwards), since the iCloud hack they had to encrypt users data and provide keys to certain law enforcement with due process. It's because lapses in security (FBI laptop hacked) and rouge police and software gets in the hands of hackers and criminals. 

The DOJ wants backdoor access again like they had and abused before, this way they can make more arrests through information not directly evidence, like associations and what not. Encryption hampers that because the NSA is the only ones that have the mathematical means to decrypt and they are not sharing and for good reason, it's a security risk to involved tainted law enforcement who are, deal with and perhaps become criminals themselves.

So instead of changing the encryption standards often, Apple is changing the keys often and controlling who gets full access to users data.

The DOJ doesn't like this, the head of Apple's Product Security is a top ex-NSA guy named David Rice.

However Apple HAS to provide law enforcement access upon due process, they do this by getting, maintaining or transporting the keys. So it's not like Apple is standing up for users really, they will comply and turn you out and all the law guys have to do is get a warrant, but it does make it harder for johhny law to snoop first and then get a warrant like they do with Stingrays.

Apple does deceive, especially about iMessage being "end-to-end" when it's not as they control the key. So it's understandable they can be deceiving about the backdoors just so people lose their guard and chat about criminal behavior or a possible crisis in their life that they may take hostile action. It's surely the NSA is watching out for that and has alerted law enforcement about kids wanting to do something crazy at schools.

I think Apple should just come clean and tell the DOJ they need more vetting and security before they can get backdoor access again.
The title of this post made me want to punch Tim Cook, but reading the article his quote didn't. But its the same word for word. I'm pretty sure the unnecessary capitalization made me read it as "You can't have a back door. That's only for the good guys." So fuck you OP.
Whats even worse: If e.g. you had my personal data (telephone number, email address, home address) in your address book and sign up for a data craken like WhatsApp, they get my personal data without my knowledge, control, or permission! And WhatsUp has its servers in the US - a country without real data protection or privacy laws - where everything (non-US) is free game for the government.
I hope there will be more people that notice. I have been using xprivacy for years and the amount of location / contact / connection information requests that some apps (try to) do always baffled me. 

yes, I am looking at you, Facebook! 
Checking out the cute girls you know. 
Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by lazy programmers.

More seriously, an "access" to your contact list is most likely *ANY* check that touches the list. That means if you type a message, it accesses your contact list to check if names have been updated. If you receive a message and scroll through a list, it checks it once for every message you have. If you're looking through your archive, rather than keeping a table internally, it just goes out and searches through your list to find details.

Accessing the contact list is probably a very low-cost operation in terms of speed, particularly when the app isn't looking to do it 1000 times per second. So rather than taking up extra memory to store it and only checking your list once when you open the app, it just keeps checking it for everything it needs the list for, and doesn't store its own redundant data in memory.
w/o opening that article: probably a loop, i.e. "check every 5 minutes if contacts have changed". I don't see the big difference between accessing it 3 times or 30,000 times. 
Did you use a word on the NSA "forbidden list" sometime in the last month?
Because it's spying on you.
This statement is incorrect:  "If you’re not paying with money, you’re paying with your data."

It should read "Regardless of whether you pay with your money or not, you're always paying with your data."


How much did you pay for it? Exactly. 

This is America (or insert app country of origin), every motherfucker wants to get **fucking paid.** Most of us don't work for free, so whenever you get a "free" app always ask yourself "how are they getting paid?" 

In the case of Whatsapp, Brian Koum came up with the idea and with a few others developed it. They eventually sold it to Facebook paid **$19B in cash &amp; stock.**

So now Facebook wants to fucking get paid. So goodbye privacy, hello 23,709 looks at your contacts. And it's not going to change because apparently Millennials can't seem to grasp that to keep insisting that everything connected to software be "free" comes with very long, invasive strings...
Because you don't read fine print and just click thru everything.
I keep getting emails saayyinng I have missed voiceemaiils on there but I don't have that app
Telegram for the win. Similar user interface, more features in general, partly open source, clients for various devices &amp; more secure (256-bit symmetric AES encryption, RSA 2048 encryption and Diffie–Hellman secure key exchange).

https://telegram.org/
WhatsApp sync contacts numbers with its users to allow you to message them so that sounds about normal. Add a new contact and it quickly becomes accessible with WhatsApp: for this to happen there needs to be a sync.
Use telegram or signal messenger
I use Go SMS Pro as my defaults messaging app. A few months ago I started receiving texts with the weather forecast from an unknown number. I kept deleting them and I kept getting them. 

I was baffled where they came from. I was suspicious of WhatsApp, after doing some googling. I deleted the app and I stopped getting the texts. 
Because they were purchased by Facebook for 19 BILLION US Dollars and barely make any money.
Because the program spies on you and your contacts.  Whatsapp and Facebook are building a shadow network to fill in the information of people who don't use their services.
I understand whatsapp looking up contacts but waze? 
That's for them to know, and you to find out!
Nobody will see this but...

Whatsapp was written in Erlang right? Is this a side effect of the process/message architecture that Erlang requires?


Lack of proper optimization. Every time you receive a message or use the service, it probably pools your contact list. There is no advantage to accessing your contacts that frequently. It's most likely a bug or just a poorly optimized app. 
This can definitely explain why this month my mobile data has run out suddenly so fast, could this be the reason why ? But then, did this only happen for this week?
I've been spammed by "cute girls looking for a real man" on Soundcloud, LinkedIn and FB this week - I don't know what's going on this week.
For SnapChat, whenever you add a contact (using phone number only) if the person has the app, it shows the person's SnapChat info. I have limited the amount of apps on my phone for this specific reason. They're harvesting too much information.
Rather poorly written article. A few personal stats and for explanation we get "I tried to contact the developer to ask why but they didn't reply so oh well, no explanation for you". Then something about 'well you give the apps permission' and some made no battery effects with no math etc.

Oh and then a pitch for Android at the end, plus something about Blackberry 
Because you still have excess bandwidth PLUS you have money left over since your phone is still active!
This EFF shows the security of a bunch of messaging apps and programs. I found TextSecure to be the best for my needs. 

https://www.eff.org/secure-messaging-scorecard


Because you were silly enough to allow it to do so.
What is this android m they mention in the article?
Because you're so important that the NSA, CIA, Mossad, MI6 and KGB wanted to analyze your contacts and figure out how they can be your friends too. 
Because they couldn't figure out anything malicious that only took 23,000 accesses. 
How can we find out , How many time they accessed ?
How did he find out they were contacting his program? What can we here do use to watch programs? Is their a program we can use to say watch Coral paint shop pro to see whats its doing? talking to whats data is being collected.
Anyone can do that now, whether the government actually has access or not. The government have repeatedly act with systematic discrimination towards specific groups, that's the only reason I currently understand. All you're doing is fear mongering. 
Anyone can do that now, whether the government actually has access or not. The government have repeatedly act with systematic discrimination towards specific groups, that's the only reason I currently understand. At this point ur just fear mongering. 
"Waze checks your contacts"... I have no idea why. Google already stores your contacts on their servers. Waze has zero reason to access them, it can just go straight to google.
Why is anyone surprised in this age when any company is providing a "free" service. It's not "free"

#you are the product#

Data collection makes companies huge revenue from advertising. Capturing your likes, by really invasive strategies and "tailoring the ads better towards you"

Reasons I haven't had a Facebook for 6 years and never signed up for these what's app and snap chats. 
Why is WhatsApp even on your phone in the first place? You know it's owned by Facebook.
Is the screenshot in the article from Android M?  Looks like that kind of info could use useful for everyone.
Because the entire purpose of every product Facebook provides is to rape you of every last private detail of your life and any information you have about your friends/family/associates.
Long, long ago when VAXen roamed the earth I was in  charge of a VAX cluster serving an engineering department.  We used dumb terminals connected to the computers by RS-232 over leased phone lines.  We were converting to ethernet comms to replace the leased lines.  Found a telco employee shooting staples into our etherhose to stop the conversion.  Yes, I am that old (71).

edit: I was reminded the correct plural is VAXen.
Probably a Comcast employee...
this has been going on for like two years now.  
That's either ISIS or Comcast.
Off-topic, but does anyone else find those thick link underlines and hover highlights distracting?
It's silly not to consider this as possibly probing the network for a larger attack.
Not surprising that everyone mentions possible competitors as the cable cutters. We had satellite at my old apartment. The upstairs neighbors had cable put in (AT&amp;T/Comcast) one day, and mysteriously our satellite ceased working that same day. Called the satellite company to troubleshoot the issue and they ended up sending a tech out. He immediately found the cable from the dish cut. Said it happens a lot, the cable gets put in and the cable installer sabotages the satellite hookup in some way. 
How do they do that? Aren't they all buried and if not why not?
It has to be the cable or DSL industry. Bay Area is so unfriendly towards fiber.
These are more than likely just 'dry runs' for either domestic intelligence agencies or IP/S/X operators just being idiots and not knowing what they are doing (or feigning ignorance that they are doing something wrong).

However the fact that it has been going on for years in the Bay Area (around the same time it became known that the US was using naval submarines to cut deep water fiber optic lines in the Atlantic/Pacific) makes me think that these are just 'dry runs' targeting certain portions of the infrastructure to see how easy it is to take down and how long it takes to repair. 

Just my two cents though. 
In my opinion this is more than likely class warfare. There's a lot of very angry people who have seen their cost of living rise to be among the highest in the world and its largely because of people in the tech sector so it makes sense that this would be their avenue of attack.
So, just plant more fiber optic trees.
Want a more distributed robust internet? Attack the weak points.
Who at Wired.com thought that making very annoying and distracting double underlines for every tag a good idea? This style belongs in /r/crappydesign
This has been going on for years....
My money is on foreign nation state probing american infrastructure in prospective attack planning. Consider the unexplained [substation attack](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metcalf_sniper_attack) that happened in the same area. If an all-out war was to break out between the US and China sometime in the future, you bet a lot of civilian systems and infrastructure components would go dark overnight even if not a single nuke was dropped.  
What, there's no lock on them or security? They're just out in the open?
LOL @ "ATM machines"
Cool. Someone wanna stop it now?
Bravo Judge Richard Leon.  There are still a few good judges left.
...so is it or is it not? A judge is not going to say "is *likely* unconstitutional." A judge is going to say "*is* unconstitutional."
Also, water is likely wet.
The day my government decided it would spy on me, was the day I ceased supporting it, and the day I started calling it my enemy, and a threat to my future. A nation that spies on its own citizens is not worth defending, but opposing.
And NSA rules that the constitution does not matter, because there is no one with enough authority to stop them. The mass data collection will continue.  Weather at 6.  :P
Next week, plaintiffs can't prove their records are being captured and is thrown out.
It reminds me of [**THIS**](http://www.politico.com/story/2013/12/national-security-agency-phones-judge-101203) story from back in 2013.
And then the Fed Gov will just say "National secrets..." and have the case dismissed. 

Not sure how or why saying that invalidates the constitution but seems to work all the time.  
&gt;For the second time in as many years, a federal judge on Monday called the National Security Agency’s bulk collection of Americans’ telephone records likely unconstitutional, ordering a halt to the surveillance program three weeks before it is set to be phased out.

Ruling does nothing to stop the new "lite" version of the NSA's program (which is the same as the old program, it just requries all of your data to be stored by the phone companies instead of the NSA who's able to ask for the data any time they feel like it). 

It's like when you were 12 an your mom figured out you'd gotten some extremely violent video game and took it away from you. But what she didn't realize is that you'd been playing the game for six months already, were bored of it, and already had the newest game on preorder.
ONLY LIKELY?
&gt; "That result is contrary to the judgment of Congress and the President that this important counter-terrorism intelligence program should end only after the current transition . . . to avoid creating an intelligence-collection gap that could place national security at risk,” Justice Department officials wrote.

Uhhh what about checks and balances... The court was designed to tell congress and the president to fuck off sometimes.
[deleted]
This ruling is like a reboot... doesn't really do anything until you do it *three* times.
In other news.................. duh.
In more news. The NSA still gives no shits.
Likely?   Like a little bit pregnant?
I think you're looking for /r/NoShitSherlock
The Good Wife does a great job depicting just how unconstitutional the NSA is for anyone still lost on this subject.
Well I mean

obviously
"My final ruling is... maybe!"


"We, the jury, find the defendent... likely guilty!"
"Likely unconstitutional" That's not really ruling anything now is it?
Ha You don't need to be a lawyer to realize blanket dragnet surveillance falls under the category of unreasonable search and seizure.
This news article uses youtube comments for reference. Great reporting.
One guy and 2 obviously humorous youtube videos, but "Germans" are doing it sure.
Germans lived through the Nazis, the East Germans remember the Stasi - their fears are well founded. 
One confirmed case of a german microwaving his current ID card:

&gt;**Washington Post:** Germans are so scared of surveillance they microwave their ID cards
Fun fact.  Printers print tiny barely visible codes.  Just in case you use it for a ransom note or something?  They are tracking us.
We should just microwave the NSA
From what I know a microwaved US passport will have a telltale scorch mark, making it clear you've tampered with it. But if you whack it all over with a hammer for like 5 minutes (say 20 hits on every page) you're likely to break the circuitry and RFID antenna.
What?  All of them?



1941 is to 2015 as "papers, please" is to "where's your microchip?"
[I'd say screw it, everyone act crazy online, they can't lock all of us up!](http://www.rense.com/general66/scgh.htm)


I'm a German and I'm microwaving my phone at least twice a day to delete every trace of my movement, calls and so on. You should try it too! Don't let the government fool you!
yep, they really do. 

source: am german, microwaved my ID
Well German government surveillance has proven itself to be something to worry about..
The source is YouTube views and comments ? Nice!
The microwave is easier and more reliable but if leaves burns like in the video thats too much evidence if the government want to get all stupid about it. There are other ways to kill the chip so they can't prove that the chip was damaged purposefully. Lets just say it's hammer time.
After the Stasi I am not surprised how seriously Germans takes surveillance.
When there was still a wall between west and east germany, people got their children taken away and imprisoned for criticising* the government. And this was happening in 1989. People still remember this as a very real thing.

What would you do?
Many Germans and Eastern Europeans also use RFID protected wallets so their identity can't be "stolen".
what is the point of doing that?
US here...someone i may or may not know did it to their passport
i have watched a guy blend his iphone on youtube. However, i have not blended my iphone
Not so much scared, more kind of pissed off.
When there was still a wall between west and east germany, people got their children taken away and imprisoned for criticising the government. And this was happening until the wall fell as far as I know. People still remember this as a very real thing.

People spied on each other and reported them to the Stasi.

What would you do?
Only takes a few seconds to pop the RFID chip. You should do it to any cash you have too.


Actually, it's a common practice in the US as well, to nuke a passport in a microwave. The danger being that some crook at the airport can remotely read the chip, even from a passport in your own pocket or a backpack. 
No way? The country that not even 30 years ago had police that had DNA samples on every citizen and scent for dogs to track now has surveillance apprehensions? Color me surprised....
It should be "Germans are so sick of surveillance they microwave their ID cards"
Headline states thing as fact.

Strangly enough I never heard of that shit and I'm German.
German/American here. I've never done this. Then again, I can confirm that there are some pretty paranoid Germans out there...
&gt;Not everyone is willing to use the microchip, which would enable them to fill out online formulas much faster.

Um, wouldnt that require that your PC has a microchip (RFID?) reader?
In other news, british can't cook, polish steal, mexicans are lazy and americans are all fat gun nut racists
Into the night and the fog with you!
Well, they have been through the Stasi surveillance, when almost every third person was spying on their own family.
Wait, do we? Well then, into the microwave it goes...
I've never heard about that..... and i'm german.
[deleted]
&gt;sales of old-school typewriters were reported to have skyrocketed, as some Germans assumed that sending letters might make communications surveillance harder for U.S. officials.

Assumed? What? Nice retardation level there Washington Post.
I microwaved my US passport
And you should too.
happy cakeday!
Here it is folks, The Oligarchs don't like the internet how is it now. If they can't use it just for themselves to get rich. Then it ought to be disconnected.
The whole thing is a disaster, pharmas able to restrict less expensive generics, outsourcing meat processing on an enormous scale to countries with way lower quality control, opening the floodgates to overseas manufacturing/processing on a much broader scale further hastening the race to the bottom, manufacturers will be able to run roughshod over environmental protections. We will all be be broke, sick and living in a toxic wasteland.
[Here is the link to the relevant TPP chapter](http://www.mfat.govt.nz/downloads/trade-agreement/transpacific/TPP-text/18.%20Intellectual%20Property%20Chapter.pdf). I am not a lawyer, but I believe that I was able to make a reasonable assessment of the section. The language was sometimes difficult, but it was precise. Here is a summary:

*This is a summary by a non-lawyer. It may be inaccurate in places, but I do believe it is better than what is linked to in The Guardian.*

**18.1 - 7: Preamble**

Each country may choose to enact stricter or looser laws, so long as they are consistent with the chapter. The chapter does not affect a country's right to protect public health, particularly to "promote access to medicines for all." The parties have also ratified or will ratify a bunch of other treaties, including the Berne convention (establishing Life + 50 years as the minimum copyright duration), Madrid protocol (enforcing trademarks), Budapest Treaty (patents), WPPT (digital locks), WIPO Copyright Treaty (copyright of computer programs) and a few others. *Overall I believe these battles have been fought already and the TPP will entrench them further by making them tied to a whole bunch of trade reforms. But since I find it extremely unlikely that any party would withdraw from any of those treaties anyway, the point is sorta moot.*

**18.8 - National treatment**

With a few caveats, people and companies of treaty partners are to be treated no worse than any other people.

**18.9 - Transparency**

IP laws must be made available online, including patent, trademark, etc. applications.

**18.10-11 - Application to new and existing works**

This chapter applies to works under copyright when the treaty comes into effect; it does not restore any copyrights which have expired.

**18.12-17 - Cooperation**

Countries should establish common systems for patent and trademark registration, as well as collaborate on other matters (diplomatic boilerplate). More boilerplate on public domain. "Traditional knowledge" should play nice with genetic patents.

**18.18-27 - Trademarks**

Trademarks can be sight, sound or smell (make a "best effort" on the last one). Trademarks must be protected internationally. Fair use exceptions may apply to trademarks. A "well-known" trademark need not be registered. Countries must provide a smooth system to register, oppose, cancel and appeal trademarks. Trademarks must be accessible in an electronic database. Trademarks are valid for at least 10 years, and can be renewed for the same period.

**18.28 - Domain Names**

Domain name disputes (in the case of trademarks or squatting) must be resolved via the ICANN dispute resolution or similar practices. Domain name registrants must have contact information made available. *This entrenches the existing WHOIS system, which should meet the requirements*. Someone cannot profit, in bad faith, on the internet using a trademark domain not belonging to them.

**18.29-36 - Geographical names**

No one can misrepresent the country of origin of a good though naming. Geographical names may be protected by trademark. Such recognition may be challenged by people or companies from another country, for reasons such as confusion with an existing trademark, or that the geographical name has become customary. *This section refers to product names with geographical names in it, like "Boston cream donut" or "Parmasean cheese"*. Some details on how those disputes and registrations should be resolved.

**18.37-47 - Patents**

Patents cover any invention that "is new, involves an inventive step and is capable of industrial application." Countries may exclude inventions that protect public policy or morality, including "serious prejudice to nature or the environment", "diagnostic, therapeutic and surgical methods", "animals other than microorganisms", and "plants". Some logistics concerning patents, their revocation on determination of invalidity, filing, amendments, publication (applications must be published), processing delays (patent duration extended by delay amount), etc. Countries may use patented inventions in a way that doesn't infringe on normal patent rights.

Novel agricultural chemicals that have been tested by a company and newly approved by a country may not be sold by another company for at least 10 years.

**18.48-54 - Pharmaceutical products**

If a company conducts testing for a drug or medicine, and get approval for it, they have exclusive right to use those test results to market their medication in a country for at least 5 years. New classes of drugs, called Biologics, get 8 years' exclusivity. A new pharmaceutical product means "a pharmaceutical product that does not contain a chemical entity that has been previously approved". *I had the most trouble with this section*

**18.55-56 - Industrial designs**

Each country shall "ensure adequate and effective protection of industrial designs".

**18.57-62 - Copyrights**

Basic rights for creators of works: exclusive reproduction, communication and distribution; artists control public broadcasting but not ones where listeners cannot control when they receive it (so not radio). *Nothing new here, it seems.*

**18.63-64 - Copyright terms**

Copyright shall be "not less than the life of the author and 70 years after the author’s death," or for corporate works "not less than 70 years from the end of the calendar year of the first authorized publication", or if not published for 25 years after creation, then 70 years after creation. *This will expand US and EU copyright duration to TPP countries* Berne convention still applies.

**18.65-67 - More copyright, fair use**

Countries may limit copyright so long as it doesn't interfere with "a normal exploitation of the work." Countries are encouraged to consider limitations to copyright, including "criticism; comment; news reporting; teaching, scholarship, research, and other similar purposes; and facilitating access to published works for persons who are blind, visually impaired or otherwise print disabled." *Corresponds nicely with fair use, which is defined similarly*. Copyrights may be transferred.

**Continues in child comment.**
**My bets:** No matter how many people are against the TPP, the government will pass it.  Think of it this way...it was sold as a massive economic booster.  Every politician is salivating at the thought of being part of the biggest economic boost.  Who wouldn't want their name to be in history as the politician that saved the economy from a depression?  They will most likely ignore all citizen protests, because we obviously don't know how good this will be for us, and they are acting in our best interest.

**Second bet:** Very few politicians have actually read it, because they were already assured by the corporate interests that it is going to be the best thing for the economy...namely the corporations.  Follow the money trail, who would benefit the most, us or them?
Now more that ever TOR will be fundamental to protect us against and free speech. Every one should host a tor bridge.
Its nice to see at least one mainstream media outlet telling it like it is - too bad we don't have an America-owned publication like The Guardian.
You think writers just store all these metaphors looking for an opportunity to whip them out?
They can't change what's coming. There will be advances in compression as well as wireless data transfer that will make the transfer of big files instant. The internet as it is now is an idea, but it's a broken one, and people will rebuild around these restrictions. 
Sensational title much? This subreddit sucks
The Internet as we know it is endangered. There is a day coming when people will only use it to check email and pay bills. No more surfing the web and little if any shopping. The reason being that you will be billed for every single web page you visit. When this happens the Internet will be come useless for most people. As more and more people log off forever those that remain will get hit with higher and higher costs. Enjoy the Internet while you can. I fear its days are numbered. I hope I am wrong
Please label opinion/editorial pieces.
Thank you, Obama.
I was happy to see no European country is in on this shady deal. Then I realised that means my representatives cannot do anything to stop it :(
The fuck is this "free internet" you speak of?
This is common knowledge among people with the slightest understanding f how encryption works. 

A great analogy for what he's explaining is the leaked "TSA master key" from earlier this year - because literally anyone can obtain a key to unlock "TSA approved locks", the locks merely deter only the most casual intruders. 
It's not encryption if there is a backdoor. I don't know what you call it, but it isn't encryption. 
&gt; bad guys

Can we please stop saying this? Can we please have this conversation like adults?
If the FBI gets the keys to the default encryption, the bad guys will just install another app with strong encryption. Even if they write it and have to root/jailbreak the phone to install it. Only the consumer looses. 
Implying FBI et al are *not* the bad guys.
That's exactly why I oppose building any sort of back door into encryption
&lt;sarcasm&gt;
But I leave my real-life back door unlocked in the case the police need to get inside, and no bad guys have ever walked right in. So see, Mossberg is wrong. I have anecdotal evidence.
&lt;/sarcasm&gt;
if you ban encryption, might as well go all the way and ban envelopes too.  that might make the older people understand the slippery slope
The sad thing is that I have a good friend that is a special agent with the DoD and he doesn't think backdoors are a bad idea. He really doesn't understand security, though. Most of what he knows, he was taught in training classes by people that make claims like "The NSA can break any encryption out there." But doesn't correlate why the government wants back doors.
when that backdoor is opened, stealing iphones will rise again
Agreed. We need encryption to stop mass surveillance. So not backdooring it is essential.
I'm not even worried about lots of bad guys.

I'm worried about a rigged system of surveillance, framing innocent people, and a judicial system in bed with each other cooking up lengthy prison sentences for anyone who disagrees with them.

Really bad guys could probably only try to blackmail me ineffectively.
Does anyone know about cpu level hard wired back doors? How would one even know if they are there?

Edit: Did some research and apparently people have already discussed this very in depth and is an interesting subject. http://security.stackexchange.com/questions/40257/backdoors-in-hardware-ie-intel-amd-cpu-possible
The FBI are the bad guys.
How much source code does it take to implement encryption with a library?  5 lines?  Then you can upload the app with encryption to any phone in dev mode. 

It ain't the hardest thing in the world to do. 
Shame every single person in power on the slightest suggestion of backdoors around encryption of American's information as the purest anti-american traitor betraying our people.
If the fbi are the bad guys this is only a problem for everyone else.
So can we sue the federal government when our personal data starts getting stolen? We cant have 0 accountability here. 
Can we stop with this argument please? It presumes that the FBI should be entitled to encryption backdoors in the first place. It doesn't matter that is isn't operationally sound since *they don't deserve the access to begin with*. 

It's 100% unconstitutional. 
OP's statement is a tautology.
They ARE the bad guys! 
The FBI ARE lots of bad guys.
Filed under: No Shit Sherlock
mossberg wants the terrorists to win!
Hey Dell, why was it done in the first place?
The worst part about this are the reports that it comes back after you delete the certificate. Its like Dell was taking a page from the KB3035583 play-book.

To _all_ software developers, if I delete something, I do NOT want it coming back.
Instructions : https://dellupdater.dell.com/Downloads/APP009/eDellRootCertRemovalInstructions.docx
All you have to do is install their 500MB rootkit uninstaller.
This is probably just the tip of the iceberg. I wouldn't be surprised if we find many companies and governments playing this game.
"oops, ya caught us."
At this point you can and should safely assume all PC and android device manufactures ship their products with root kits pre-installed.
why not using the CRL, to revoke the certificate from being valid?
they better buy their shitty products back.
Step 1: install spyware. Step 2: go take a nap.  
Dell pushed this on a bunch of people via online updates.. they can push a patch to fix it that way too. By requiring people to remove it manually the vast majority of Dell owners affected by this will remain so. As such one must ask, why is Dell so adamant about having such a nutty security flaw installed on it's systems.

My 2 cent anyways.
Yeah, if you could not do this shit in the first place, that'd be great. 
Did Dell say *why* it installed the backdoor in the first place?
Does this affect alienware systems too?
[Michael Dell on the list of Person of the year 2015](http://time.com/4108617/person-of-the-year-poll-2015/vote/4/)
damage control 
Or ..you know, Don't put security backdoors in!

Question is how many people will bother? Statistically speaking probably not much more than zero percent.
i would be too lazy to do that stuff. i'm just going to avoid buying a Dell
"oops we got caught", fuck you. I guess I'll have to make a decently clean windows install disk at some point.
"web security backdoor" Keeping secure by having that backdoor, makes sense.
How about... Don't buy, watch dell die.
...but won't actually do the work themselves.
No need to publish a guide to show me how to never buy a Dell product again.
Runs test... "Firefox is unaffected by this".  Well that's easy enough.
I'm not as "tech" as I should be, but isn't it a little bit silly to expect someone who hid a backdoor to just SUPPLY you with a way to take it out, and not install anything else ?
&gt; deeply regret

What is the point anymore. Just stop talking.
People still buy Dells? My last experience was so horrible I've never considered them an option again.
To hell with publishing a guide. They need to make an executable available that will remove it automatically, and they need to email every affected user and tell them what's going on and where to get the exe to fix it.

If they just publish a guide on something that looks pretty involved to get rid of, most users won't bother.

This is exactly what Lenovo did.  They published a removal program and made it available easily on their website.
&gt;The owner of one of the domains, Waleed Gad El Kareem, announced quickly that he was going to fight the seizure -- and he did.

...

&gt;You may also recall that ICE defended these seizures by stating that "no one" had challenged any of the seizures.

But wait, it gets better!

&gt;It was later revealed that the "reason" ICE secretly delayed returning the domain was that it kept asking the RIAA for the evidence that Dajaz1 had violated the law (as an RIAA rep had initially sworn to an ICE agent), but the RIAA never provided anything. 

What a bunch of shit. I seem to remember something in the Constitution about due process. Seems to me that seizing domains when you don't even have proof of copyright violation is unconstitutional, especially when the organization that initially leveled the infringment charges (the RIAA) isn't capable of producing evidence to back up their claims. For five whole years.  

But wait, there's more! ICE promised to renew the domain leases for the sites they seized, but surprise! They didn't. 
&gt;It was later revealed that the "reason" ICE secretly delayed returning the domain was that it kept asking the RIAA for the evidence that Dajaz1 had violated the law (as an RIAA rep had initially sworn to an ICE agent), but the RIAA never provided anything. 

FOR THE PEOPLE BY THE PEOPLE
Damn straight it did all this silently.  The US wants *no* attention brought to the fact that they control a key aspect of the internet.  After [Brazil threatened to create its own relatively cheap US-free network pathways following the first Snowden revelations,](http://www.dw.com/en/brazil-wants-internet-independence-from-the-us/a-17134352) the surveillance leaders know their open challenges to sovereignty will not go unanswered.
This is the problem when you let commercial organizations direct government enforcement agents in their duties, without requiring evidence or following due process in the courts. Surely if the government seizes assets in a freedom of speech case (and what else is a blog but a person engaging in free speech?), there has to be some evidence provided *in advance* before they can determine if their is the "probable cause" to seize assets and restrict free speech, no? There has to be some time limit for evidence to be assembled and made available to the target so they can prepare a defence against the seizure right? Five years without any evidence, cause or response to inquiries seems just a bit unreasonable.

I would hope the EFF can find some money to finance a lawsuit for these individuals, both to recoup their potential lost income if any, but more importantly to establish in law that there must be procedures that are followed in future cases, and in particular that word of mouth evidence from a commercial entity that might have a stake in the situation cannot be accepted unilaterally.
&gt;onsmash.com

the article just brought back so many painfully memories of when that site got seized, it was my go to site for the newest hip-hop tracks  
I wonder how many websites are actually restricted in the US? Is there a list? You know, for science?
I hate how overused the term "quietly" is becoming lately in reference to corporate and government actions. It adds a connotation that the organization is trying to sneak something past people for not making a public announcement about every action that they take. It's not as if they're trying to hide this from anyone.
Can someone ELI5 why ICE was involved with this at all?
This issue isn't just internet domain seizure, the issue is civil forfeiture. [Civil Foreiture](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Civil_forfeiture_in_the_United_States) should be ruled unconstitutional before any of this matters to the court system. 
IMHO, copyright is censorship and should be discontinued on first amendment grounds. Copyright is basically a way for someone to tell the government to infringe on your right to express yourself in a specific way. Art is a form of expression, and we have a RIGHT to freedom of expression. I don't care that somebody else made Mickey Mouse before I did, I should be able to draw him whenever and wherever I damn well please. The fact that somebody can force me not to is insane. 
This is so fucking stupid. Remove encryption for everyone, and guess what? Terrorist will:

- Continue to use IRC, private forums, and pastebin to plan their attacks, but use simple code words or custom scrambled text to hide their intent. "I will walk the dog today" wouldn't set off any red flags, but might mean a whole lot more to between two terrorist.
- Hide messages in images which can be put on imgur, deviantArt, or any countless data sharing sites. A simple filter could be applied to reveal hidden watermarks and messages.
- Use third party military grade encryption on simple text files, and share through VPN + torrents on dark web servers.

Take encryption away from normal people and it just means more stolen identities and credit fraud.

Hillary Clinton has been jumping on bandwagons pretty much her entire political career. She jumped on the bandwagon for the Defense of Marriage Act. She jumped on the bandwagon for the war in Iraq. She jumped on the bandwagon for banning violent video games. 

The fact is, she's a political animal. She's angling to strengthen support in her base of moderate to conservative Democrats and Independents and scared soccer moms. Basically, the same reason she didn't divorce Bill, because a woman dumping a cheating husband would offend some sensibilities among the older crowd.

So, overall, this shouldn't be surprising.
This narrative illustrates a continuing trend of more control at all costs.  Data caps with only certain authorized services not counting against your cap help edge us even closer.  Soon we will have a day where Google email and services don't count against any cap and all is free and unlimited.  Making surveillance easy and efficient.  This will help slowly kill off smaller and self hosted email and cloud storage providers.  Encryption and other tools helped to secure and decentralize communication will be moved to only "authorized" providers with back doors and full surveillance guaranteed.

The web is systematically being centralized and tv-ized.
She's going to solve the problem by telling the cybercriminals to, "cut it out!"
I think the last person who should be attempting to offer an opinion on any matter of technology is Hillary.  She is so clearly out of her league on these issues it's laughable.   
They must have hit her price range.
this response is the typical "i have no idea what this is, but i'm supposed to have a position on it so here is a generic bs one that reflects that the government is trying to help people and is not the enemy"

she has clearly invested **zero** brain power in understanding this issue at all
Well I know who I won't be voting for 
If there were any doubt who would get my vote, she just sealed it for Bernie. The more she opens her mouth.


And to aid in education we should round pie to be 3. Politicians govern math
I can't wait till encryption sucks, other countries can ALSO see all American communications, and every American tech company goes bankrupt when every country stops trusting them with information. Yay!
All the wrong choices, it's almost as if she wants the People to dislike her. That or, a really stupid campaign manager. 
She's got a perfect record of being on the wrong side of every issue to uphold.
It's appalling that most Liberals fail to see that the Democrat wing of Fascism is equally as alive and well as the Republican wing of Fascism.  There is no real difference between Chris Christie and Hillary Clinton or Diane Feinstein.  They all want to use fear and invoke patriotism to justify having citizens give up their freedoms for so-called 'security'.  And, they are adept at using the government to funnel money to their own private for-profit corporations and interests, which is the real point.  

Of course, any terrorist can use their own encryption to evade government back doors, etc.  Strong encryption has been open sourced since at least the 1990's.  The only people who would be affected by these government encryption back doors are the masses of 'innocent' law abiding citizens.
First she came for the second amendment, but I was not a gun owner so I said nothing...

Then she came for the first amendment, but I didn't play "violent video games" so I said nothing...

Then she came for the fourth and fifth amendments, but there was no one left to speak for me...

Sounds about right.  She is a horrible, horrible person.
And people argue that she would be better than the Republicans.... 

Nope
She isn't thinking it through. Her wall street buddies needs encryption to do their job.
Share this with /r/Politics and watch the shills come out of the woodwork.
Jump on every band wagon so far, never made a lick of sense, only reason she's even in politics is because she stayed with her husband after he made a fool out of her in a drawn out circus. Amazing how anyone would support her.
we'd have already read her emails ourselves if encryption was taken away.
To serve as a disclaimer, I really have no clue about any of this, but I've been seeing countless articles on this subject for the past year or so and especially recently. My question to anyone kind enough to give their time to answer is this:

How is the fight against encryption not just the digital equivalent of arguing against having locked doors on our houses so the government can walk through our house and make sure we aren't a Terrorist?

Edit: spelling
In a desperate attempt to alienate millennials and play on the fears of the older generations due to their lack of knowledge about encryption Hillary Clinton declares a no privacy policy.
No. Just fucking no. 
God I hate this twunt. I really hope I get a chance to vote for Bernie over her.
Why do people who know nothing about technology have authority over the rules governing technology?
Why shouldn't she?  She is going to get the Democratic nomination no matter what she says, and nobody is going to switch their vote from her to the Republican candidate because of this.
Ah, I love how people just take their own narratives and fucking run with it. She did NOT join the 'make silicon valley break encryption'. All she fucking said is she understands both sides of the argument and wants the government and the industry to find some kind of compromise. Compromise doesn't imply losing. Working together to be mutually beneficial. This all or none bullshit I see on every angle and political point is really getting on my nerves.
&gt; So we need Silicon Valley not to view government as its adversary. We need to challenge our best minds in the private sector to work with our best minds in the public sector to develop solutions that will both keep us safe and protect our privacy.

This is what she said, this title is super misleading.
This seems to be pure theater.  It will in no way stop the proliferation of encryption for those who want it, just prevent it from being a default for people who are innocent and at risk.  
[Well this is starting to make me very concerned.] (http://img1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20140708190248/spongefan/images/a/af/Torch-pitchfork.gif)

I bet *her* phone is encrypted...
I can't wait for this current generation of politicians to retire or die. 
Demograts are always concerned with our security, obviously.
USA natives that understand the basics of tech... why aren't you louder?

Please, be louder, bolder. Let these morons know they are not the only ones that can use a microphone. Let the rest of your countrymen hear a dissenting voice, a voice of reason and knowledge.

May your countrymen pay attention to your message. Let us hope.
If she is the democratic nominee, and we know all republicans are pretty much anti net-neutrality and anti-encryption, that means I have yet another election cycle where I don't want to vote.

But then all the ignorant cunts will say "Can't complain if you don't vote" or "If you don't vote, you're part of the problem". Sorry, but why should I willingly participate in my own oppression? If both sides of the issue want to institute policies that will negatively affect my privacy and safety, then why should I vote at all?

I'm getting really tired of this winner-takes-all political system we have, where choices between candidates are skin deep, and everyone just votes along party lines like a bunch of retarded parrots.

This shit needs to fucking stop, and we need a new system that allows for proportional representation of separate issues, not "pick the least shitty option" even if you don't agree with 90% of their policies...

Fuck the fucking shit out of this fucking country's government and political system. You can't change a broken democracy with democracy, so what choices are there?
What the fuck is the point of this agenda anyways? What do they benefit in this?
Ah,so I see she's bowing out of the presidential race.
The stupidity level of this reaches "Critical Insanity".

You can't "break encryption". You can certainly install trapdoors/back doors/known weaknesses in existing encryption tools. If you have access to the source code and control the distribution of those tools.

Experience has taught us that the only trustworthy encryption tools are open source based, and further experience has also taught us that if you try to install a weakness in an open source based encryption tool, they will fork the tool and come up with a version that doesn't have the weaknesses in it.

People will even go to the extent of getting their own copy of the source and building in making their own executables to ensure that there are no trapdoors or back doors in the package.

The fact that people think you can make Silicon Valley break encryption simply indicates that whoever the science advisors are who are advising these politicians, they either don't understand what you're doing, or the politicians don't believe them when they tell them.
Shouldn't it tell you something when the people who can actually do this think it's a really fucking bad idea?
I really wanted a Clinton in office but this just proves what I've been saying all along in that she is really out of touch. Now more than ever, we really need a president that understands technology. So many of the problems in this country stem from a lack of understanding of tech and also our leaders taking campaign money from lobbyists to advance their agendas. We need a self-funded billionaire technology mogul to run for president.
What an idiot. Maybe if she used encryption in her emails she would be getting less shit about it. 

A dinosaur shouldn't be making/supporting policies surrounding something it knows nothing about. Rather it should just jump in a tar pit or go find a meteor to hind under.
This woman's stupidity and hunger for power is boundless.
Wasn't there an article on here the other day about how the Paris attacks used plain text unencrypted SMS and they still weren't caught?
I have an encrypted message for them:
FuuuFFuFuFuFuFFuuuuFFFuuFuFF FuFFuuFFuuFFFFFuFuFuFFuuuuF



If our government does this, they will break one of the most profitable industries in America.  This is the worst idea to come out of our government in a long long time, and that say a lot since they produce a never ending stream of bad ideas. 
She can join whatever she wants. Bernie Sanders, Rand Paul or 3rd party.
It is quite a challenge:

- implement backdoor
- while ensuring that nobody with a valid warrant can view my communications

I don't envy the person trying to solve that conundrum.
If she can't figure out how to keep two email accounts on one phone, I don't trust her understanding of this for shit.
Shillary Bimbton
Reason #4,907 why Hillary sucks.  Since the Republicans seem incapable at this point of fielding a candidate who isn't totally batshit insane, if she gets the Democratic nomination the country's pretty well fucked.
Looks like she just went full retard.  Does she not understand how screwing it up would basically end e commerce.
Stupid cunt is stupid.  And a cunt.
I'm all for it. You have nothing to hide, do you? Outlaw encryption in the US and maybe we can get a cloud industry started in Europe :)
Isn't that *the definition* of breaking net neutrality. If the FCC doesnt stop this then Comcast is more powerful than our government. 
https://consumercomplaints.fcc.gov/hc/en-us - for your ease of use...
This is why ISPs and content distributors should be separate...
We'll have to see if the FCC wants to act on this one, or if they remain notably mute. I remember they did nothing after Netflix complained that Comcast streaming services over the Xbox 360 were cap exempt, therefore giving a leg up to Comcast's own services.
That sounds like an illegal anti-competitive practice to me.
This is great actually.

Yes start this service now, can't wait.  This will raise more questions and hopefully FCC can take action.
FCC, remember when you said you would look into data caps if ISPs were abusing them...well they are abusing them, using data caps to do an end run around NN...as pretty much everyone expected.
Isn't this against anti-monopoly laws or something?
Well... if that's not proof of monopolistic, predatory, corrupt business practices that makes their stance on net-neutrality an obvious lie I don't know what is.

Is it time for Netflix, Hulu, etc... to sue them yet?
https://twitter.com/bergmayer/status/667389005009453056/photo/1

That's a clear violation of their NBC merger agreement. However, that assumes a few things:

1. That the agreement is still in place. Those conditions might have had an expiration date.
2. That the penalty isn't just a fine that they'll still be able to overcome with profits.

They've no doubt run the calculations and risks.

Comcast has now been elevated to full Dick Cheney status.
I wish Cable ONE would get rid of data caps. I just moved from Washington to Iowa and Cable ONE is the only cable provider in the area and they cap at 300 GB. My family and I consistently use more than that each month.
I said this would happen when I was talking about T-Mobile doing something similar with Netflix and other streaming services, and that people would be all pitchforky over it while they loved T-Mobile for doing the same thing.
How is this *not* being investigated for abuse of monopoly?!

Everyone please contact the FTC and file a complaint against this kind of abuse. https://www.ftc.gov/faq/consumer-protection/submit-consumer-complaint-ftc
So its not really a data cap so much as leverage to blackmail people into their streaming service...
People say telecoms can't do this. Att has been doing this for literally a decade. Minutes only count if you call non att customers. 
Now if only they exempted the scripts they injected. &lt;3
But fairness!
Nothing to see here move along there's no need for federal regulations to keep capitalism on the rails...
Wow, would you like at that!

It's _100% exactly and so precisely what everyone said would happen with Comcast and throttling._ Surprise!
I thought this was the whole reason they bought NBC, and everyone called foul. Remember 8 years ago when the president promised to not allow content providers and ISP's to merge.

This country takes all our money and uses it to fuck us over this time by stagnating tech.
That sound you just heard is the other shoe dropping. 

Maybe it's time to break apart the utility/infrastructure portions of these companies from the media/services side. 
[deleted]
If the FCC acts on this, you can bet your dollar on T-Mobile's music service getting cut out too
They've got balls - you have to give them that. 
For some reason this feels like it should be illegal. 
Okay hold up. That streaming service is actually a pretty good deal. $15 for all major broadcast networks AND HBO AND many on demand choices. 

Kind of pointless though because they require you to have XFINITY internet to use this streaming service. XFINITY internet on its own is almost as expensive as the cable + internet bundle anyways. 

Edit: I wonder if this has ads? Even Comcast has to know that people don't get cable because they don't like ads. They wouldn't be stupid enough to put ads in this streaming service... would they?
&gt;Comcast's Internet-only customers access to live channels from all the major broadcast networks and HBO as well as "thousands of on demand choices." 

Ya know... for $15 that really isn't *that bad* of a deal. I mean seriously, HBO Now is $14.99/month...
What about Netflix you fucks 
Looks an awful lot like horizontal integration...

"Vertical integration through a merger is subject to the provisions laid out in the Clayton Antitrust Act of 1914, which governs transactions that fall under the umbrella of antitrust law. The Act provides substance and clarification to the Sherman Antitrust Act of 1890. With the Clayton Antitrust Act, if a legal challenge is made, the courts make a decision on the legality of the merger on the basis of whether the vertical integration unduly harms competition in the marketplace. The courts reach this decision by weighing the pro-competitive and anti-competitive factors associated with the vertical integration on an individual case-by-case basis.

Factors considered are the likelihood of changes in the patterns of industry behavior caused by the vertical integration. Some examples of these changes are if a supplier is likely to lose a market for its goods, if retail outlets are refused certain supplies or if competitors find their avenues to supplies or resources blocked. Vertical integrations may also be considered uncompetitive if they grant one company such entrenched market power that it discourages new competitors from entering that particular marketplace."



Read more: What are the legal barriers to vertical integration? http://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/012615/what-are-legal-barriers-vertical-integration.asp#ixzz3rzHn6ETc 
Follow us: Investopedia on Facebook"
Seriously tho, who didn't see this coming?
Raise your hand if you didn't see this coming.

Anyone?

No?

Didn't think so.
Isn't TMobile doing something similar and being praised for it?
Comcast's "xfinity" service is basically Netflix at a premium. Their entire "xfinity" platform is a ripoff of Netflix with their "premium" content delivery platform selling you a package of all their services in the "Netflix" format. It's Netflix with commercials. Comcast is delivering "Netflix" services with all their cable boxes that are essentially shitty Netflix laptops. If you have "xfinity" you are paying for Comcast premium "Netflix". Comcast knows what the future of media consumption is. If you are paying through the nose for "xfinity" then you should know you are paying for "netflix" technology. Comcast will sell this shit as cutting edge technology, but your "xfinity" dvr is basically a "netflix" laptop paying for access. Xfinity is DOCSIS3, which is internet over cable, which is NETFLIX.
Fucking bastards.
We already have something similar in Canada on mobile phones (even worse since our data plans are usually pretty low)

http://www.videotron.com/unlimitedmusic#
So I can watch all the Hulu (or whatever that Comcast owned service is) I want?
Guess I'll stick to being a software  engineer  and give up my dreams of teaching history at Harvard.
duh, is that even news?
Ah so this is their masterplan that started with introducing streaming discouraging caps.... 
This is actually illegal in Canada.  The major providers were ordered to stop this practice a year or two ago.
I really wish that John Oliver would do a bit about Comcast and their shitty customer service and shady business practices. Nothing ever happens about anything until John Oliver has a segment on his show about it. 
I'm shocked! Shocked I tell you.. oh wait no.. the complete opposite.  This is pretty much exactly what their plan was from the get go.
Of course, since the data caps are intended for one thing, and one thing only - to gain an anti-competitive edge over (or coerce a profit from) streaming services like Netflix.
$225... will this do anything...?

Complaints filed through the Consumer Help Center are categorized as "informal" complaints. There is no fee for filing an informal complaint.

If you are not satisfied with the response to your informal complaint, you can file a "formal" complaint. Your formal complaint must be filed within six months of the date of the response to your informal complaint. The current fee for filing a formal complaint is $225.00, but it is subject to change.

Formal complaint proceedings are similar to court proceedings. Each party must comply with specific procedural rules, appear before the FCC and file documents that address legal issues. Parties filing formal complaints usually are represented by lawyers or experts in communications law and the FCC's procedural rules. No attorneys fees may be awarded.
LEL, I wonder what it feel to wake up in the morning and be more hated than pure universal evil? LEL what a bunch of nobs. 

Thx I dont have them in my town, LEL. 
People cheer on when T-Mobile does something similar, why are you so surprised and outraged now? This is exactly why we need *absolute* net neutrality.
Theres no such thing as a data cap, they dont't have a limited amount of internet, its unbelievable that they're allowed to sell it like it is. In sweden there is no such thing as a ISP with a datacap unless its to a mobile unit using 3g and/or 4g.
It is known 
The data caps are nothing but just a money grab for isp's, we've got them here in Australia and they need to stop. 
I really hope they get in big trouble and stop this whole thing before they implement the "caps" in my area.

There are few-to-no alternatives to Comcast in my small city.

My family has definitely had our issues with Comcast over the years, but we are finally (as of a couple weeks ago) at a really good place with them.  

All our equipment was way outdated, because they would just never show up when we would schedule an appointment to upgrade.  Eventually we just said "fuck it" because we couldn't take any more time off to stay home and wait for them.

But we finally got them to come by and give us the new equipment.  Only like last week, so many years later.  We got our cable box upgraded, got a new modem with a much better signal.  We are also saving a bit of money (from the insane amount we were paying before) by getting rid of the house phone and having only one cable box.

It's pretty good for now, but these data caps really seem like the sort of thing that always sort of catch us by surprise and bite us in the ass.

So I'm pretty nervous.
Cheap.

Ass.

Money.

Grab.
In other news; water is wet.
Again, obviously. 

It's about creating an arbitrary limit, at which point they can charge people extra. Data amounts used are constantly going up, and they want their income to do the same, even though the real cost for moving that data are constantly going down, not up.
I have checked the amount of data my family uses via my router. Some months we used over 1TB. I sure hope I never get capped like this. Though if we did,l it might make us pack up and move to where we can get some Google Fiber.
I am waiting for a report to come out where it proves real estate values rising in areas with non data capped internet services available. That will get the knuckle draggers motivated.
Evidence is not proof.
&gt;Google, for its part, wrote in its own post that the company has capped its prototype vehicles at 25 mph.

So they haven't taken these things on the highway yet?
"Okay Google, am I being detained?"
Pull out the motherboard. Shoot it in the CPU. Sprinkle crack dust on the chipset. Through in an empty syringe of thermal paste as evidence for paraphernalia.
License and registration... erm.. BIOS and EULA?
Would be great if it was empty.  "Driver get out..."  "Driver get out now or we will use force!...." "Ok then unload on it boys!!!" "TAZE that sucker!" ha ha ha ha   
There used to be a rumor when I first moved to CA that you could get a ticket under this law if you were holding up five  cars or more, even if you were doing over the speed limit. That doesn't seem to jive with the law ("unless the reduced speed is necessary for safe operation, because of a grade, or **in compliance with law**.")


How did he pull it over?
&gt; After 1.2 million miles of autonomous driving (that’s the human equivalent of 90 years of driving experience), we’re proud to say we’ve never been ticketed!

Oh, well, no wonder it was going 25 in a 35, it drives like someone who's over 90 years old!
"May I see your driver's...well, huh."
did the car stop or did a person stop the car? does the car know what to do when it sees police lights? future versions of the bubble car won't have user controls so it would have to.
This would have been better if the automated car got an automatic ticket from a red light camera or something. Robots writing violations for robots.  

What a time to be alive.
That makes me wonder, if there's a cop behind a self driving car flashing its lights/sirens, would the car pull itself over?
Most people go 40 in a 35. The car was going super slow, I could understand why he pulled it over. 
[deleted]
crazy part is even if these things go slower we will probably get to our destinations faster due to lack of traffic and idiot drivers causing accidents.
This hasn't hit home yet, but this will be a big problem for municipalities in the future the revenue lost from tickets and parking tickets will be staggering...not to mention insurance companies, body shops, etc. 
So basically he pulled it over to ticket it for doing 25 in a 35, but then let it off when he found out the vehicle is limited to 25?

So its legal to do 25 in a 35 only if your vehicle isn't capable of going faster? 
Do you know why I pulled you over?

Because you got all c's in high school?

-liz lemon
When you go slower than the speed limit, you can potentially cause as many if not more accidents than someone who is speeding. Driving at the speed limit creates a flow of traffic that prevents people from rear-ending each other. Cops are allowed to do this as part of safety measures.

Source: Police Officer.
I wish the police were this effective with real people on the road where I am. People routinely go &lt;=40 mph on a 55...
Good. Now we can make the cops who don't pull over real drivers for going too slow actually do their job and ticket shitty slow drivers.
This is the safest traffic ticket ever given. 
I love the holes in our laws that self-driving cars are pointing out.  There are so many laws that are impossible to follow consistently which driver-less cars make glaring.  Driving laws need to be overhauled when no one is doing the speed limit anymore any you can get a ticket for doing otherwise. 
I just realized that the software developers would have to program in a "being pulled over process".  I wonder what the protocol is?
Interesting, they cap them at 25MPH. I wonder how much testing they do at any higher speeds.
This makes me suddenly remember something I saw way back in the 90's that I've been wondering about ever since.

I saw a van parked in a mall parking lot.  It didn't have any steering wheel, but had instead what looked like banks of computers.

Was that some kind of disability asistance or what?
How does one pull over a self-driving car? Does the car notice the flashing LED lights and automatically pull over?
I live pretty much right there. Most people go 40-45 on that stretch of el camino traffic permitting.
&gt;“Like this officer, people sometimes flag us down when they want to know more about our project.

Or, you know, when you are breaking a law.
The cops, the press, and the google car were all at El Camino Real near Rengstorff for the same reason: that in-n-out burger. 
Technically, the hazard is everyone else unable to negotiate a car moving at legal speeds.
This sounds crazy
I want a koala car so badly.
Googles response is childish though. "IT'S JUST BECAUSE IT'S OUR ROBOT BOOHOOOO".

If you're driving below the speed limit without good reasons, you're a danger and the police should fine you.

If google wanna cap their cars at 25 mph, then they shouldn't be driving them on roads with higher speed limits.
And all these jerks are driving super slow in the fast lane and never face any penalty 
Wish cops would pull over all those conventional gasoline vehicles who drive 10 under during my commute, twice a day, every day. I guess we can't have my little Prius overtaking all those bad drivers in full gasoline vehicles, simply by paying attention.
&gt; "We’re proud to say we’ve never been ticketed!”

How much of this is because a driver doing the exact same thing wouldn't be ticketed, and how much is because figuring out who to ticket and how is more headache than a cop on the streets is likely to want to deal with?
All these self driving car technology and developments.  It all seems too good to be true.  They can't be performing *that* flawlessly.  And also who *does* get the ticket of your car breaks the law??
Would these cars turn off in bad weather? If it rains too hard for the windshield wipers  I pull over! Well they don't have the problem but how bout if its too slick outside or icy?
since when is it illegal to go 10 under the speed limit?

I can understand 20 miles per hour below if you are in a 30 and going 10...

But 25 in a 35 is hardly that big of a deal....
These things are going to be a blight on the road

Prepare for shitty times ahead
Did they take the car's man card? 
It really is starting to seem like the judicial system is the only one on the peoples side.
Can we start prosecuting app developers who steal this data for advertising under the wiretapping laws?
The NSA's response: "lol, kk"
Does this include 3rd parties
Ahhh, the CFAA, a law so stupid, and so reviled two years ago on Reddit, because someone literally died because of government being stupid and applying that stupid law that shouldn't even exist.

Except now, because we're a forgetful fickle bunch.

No. It's still a stupid law, and still needs to go away. And the idiot politicians who voted for it.
I wounder how Facebook will take this as they mostly track pepole 
Thank God. Now they won't do it, because they know it's wrong. 
Someone tell the UK!
It's not like it matters that they come out and say it's illegal. That doesn't stop the nsa from doing shit like that. The cia doesn't get in trouble for torture or any number of terrorist acts they have committed. These are organizations that operate outside of government domain. 
2015, the year when even computers became cheaper than chipotle
What a great deal, It will make reach tech to every person on the planet. Keep it up Raspberry Pi  team :)
But can it run doom?
Anyone else buy off the dollar menu at McDonald's?
Or get one for "free" with the latest copy of MagPi Magazine.

https://www.raspberrypi.org/magpi/issues/40/
What are some cool projects one can do with one of these?
That's incredible, even in 1970 dollars $5 =~ $1... if you had to add I/O peripherals that might make it cost about $10 in 1970 dollars (ie. $50 in 2015 dollars for a basic screen and  keyboard).  The Apple II in 1977 cost at least $1300.

All else equal... that means basic computing costs have dropped by a factor of 130 since 1977
My gripe is, as was with the original, that they are instantly all bought up, mostly by their official distributor, then resold for $24...

Who knows when we'll actually be able to buy one for $5
This is not so surprising given that prices of 32 bit ARM CPUs in quantity have been really low for a long time now. 

Seems that the IoT is not taking off as some people anticipated. Just because now I can now have Internet enabled &lt;insert IoT device category here&gt; doesn't mean I want one or am willing to pay extra for one.

On the other hand, SBCs are useful for all sorts of non-Internet enabled devices, which seems to me what this particular device likely will excel at. 

If you want to put it on the net, you can use your own Ethernet or wifi adapter.
Is there any website where we can still buy it? Seems out of stock everywhere :(
does anyone knw where to buy one for 5$??? I looked all over and it is like 20 bucks........
i'll pay $10 if they put a wifi radio onboard.
Manufactured in Wales, too... now how'd they pull that off?

(I know most of the components used to make the boards themselves probably came from China)
That guy really needs to learn how to speak up when he's making a video.
Cheapest? $5?

No Blue tooth, no flash memory... The [CHIP for $9](http://gadgtecs.com/2015/11/26/new-worlds-cheapest-computer/) has a 4GB flash memory and bluetooth, plus a slightly better processor!

Shit, I can get two hand-made lunches for $5
How does it get powered? Didn't see any inputs?
Cool they made it smaller and cheaper! Great for a pip boy build. I still need to reformat my sd card for my original raspberry pi, I screwed up the Linux install :/
Could you Steam In-Home Stream to this from a pc?
This is awesome! 
So can you link these up to make a more powerful computer?
Not for me, my lunch is €1,67
Can't get it in my country, oh well..
But my lunch costs $4.60!
I don't really know much about computers so my question is: what can I do with it? 
Anyone know how I can get it without paying double that in shipping or living right by a store that sells them?
Does it come pre-assembled?
Can I still play DOOM on it?
I'm in the dark about the pi, I've heard about it a bunch but never really looked into it. What do you use them for? what is all the hype about it?
[deleted]
BUT CAN IT RUN CRYSIS?
Who is actually buying into this?
nobody buys comcast's spin. everyone knows comcast is scum. nothing is going to change, however, because most americans don't have a choice. this is the country that we live in now.
People need to be aware that Comcast doesn't provide the data, they do not house it. Their sole purpose is to transfer it as an ISP without any bias of what the data is. 

A cap on data is as if you bought gasoline, come up to a toll booth, pay your taxes for using the infrastructure, and paid a fee for how much gasoline you have used. 

Absolutely bonkers. Here is some math how crazy restrictive this data cap is. If I received the 250GB limit, I'd only be allowed to use 0.7% of my real data cap. I'm paying $101/month for 105Mb/s (13MB/s)

    60 * 60 * 24 = 86,400 seconds/day
    86,400s * 30d = 2,592,000 seconds/month
    2,592,000s * 13MB = 33,696,000MB (33.696 TB)
    250GB / 33.696TB = 0.00741 (0.7%)
This article was a waste of time to write and is a waste of time to read. No one buys Comcast's bullshit anyway. The company has reached a point of despise that basically makes everyone interpret whatever they say to be exactly the opposite.
Who cares what it's about?

They are a business. They are there to provide goods or services in return for money. Caps are a part of a bad service. That's all that matters here. They offer a bad service so people should be mad. Doesn't matter what the excuse is. It's 2015 ffs.

I live in the UK and whilst ISPs technically do have caps available here on the lower tiers it's just not that common in practice.

If my ISP brought in caps then I'd switch in a heart beat because they would be offering an inferior service to the others. That is what it comes down to. Don't care what their excuse would be.

Comcast is offering a bad service. Their excuse is irrelevant.
Wake me up when I *should* believe something Comcast says.
Look, if ISPs wanted to be "fair," the correct thing would be to simply charge per GB.  For example, I would be happy to pay something like $0.10/GB for a mid-tier data rate (say 50mbps.)  But that's not attractive to companies because the grandmas of the world would end up paying like $1 a month instead of $50.

So what they do is find a way to charge everyone $50 dollars regardless of how much they use, then tack the per GB charge on top of that.  It's the opposite of fair, but it's unfair in a different direction than everyone seems to think.
Did this really need it's own post? In this sub?
I enjoy going on Comcast speed test site. It always tells me my up/down is less than half what it should be.

I have AT&amp;T gigapower so every other site constantly gives me 900 to 950 up and down. And although i don't like AT&amp;T they don't fuck around with the internet when Google is in town.
I can't even remember when did I last see a post about Comcast. /s
of all the tech news in the world that we could talk about, it's a dumb united states ISP that's only ever posted about.
This echo chamber is becoming very loud.
Is it bad if I only come here to make disparaging comments about the awful state of US ISPs and expect to reap sweet karma? It's just such easy pickings and so in line with the hive mind... I wonder what will happen since I've broken the fourth wall. 
US really needs to move away from the FPTP voting system. It's one of the very few ways in which this problem can be fixed more effectively. You can't have meaningful opposition for many issues if you're stuck with two century old parties, which end up making people very partisan as well, so that they always support "their" party, no matter how bad some of its ideas are.

If people could *realistically* vote for another party without feeling like if they do the "evil others" will win, the US could actually restore some of its democracy.

https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/in-theory/wp/2015/10/23/lets-move-beyond-winner-take-all-elections/
An email contains confidential information as physical mail does, that kind of information is what we are generally referring to when people say 'Private information'. Not even close to interests you don't want public, I mean actual account information, bank information. someone being able to access your email and observe it can access almost every part of your life unless you are super security conscious.

Now think if all of that information, infinitely copiable, that can just be pulled without a warrent, and by a government who has shown their technical inability and lack of knowledge on modern security measures. Its not just that this data is being collected and is accessible, but that if an external force is able to make Google or Microsoft give them their data in huge quantities and without cause, then it is perfectly possible for that information to be intercepted. Even if it is a perfect system (which we can't know), the documents released by Snowden have shown that NSA employees in an office setting have shared pornographic content and personal details of intercepted communications.

It has been shown time and time again that the NSA is an ineffective organization, and the causes for their increase in ability, namely 9/11, were false. Many claim that if the NSA monitoring ability of today was possible in 2000, the attacks wouldn't have happened. However, the hijackers were known, and the CIA and NSA knew that they had arrived. However, and this may seem like an extrordinary claim to those who haven't looked into it, the CIA were not legally able to warn the FBI, and the NSA was silent about the issue. Don't take my word for it, you're free to watch the NOVA report on it, Season 5 Ep. 7.
It's alright, you can only gain access to EVERYTHING once you have someone's email...

This is one of the problems with Law - how often are old laws removed or cleaned up? It's just like when people don't bother to refactor their code - and then certain groups of people (you could call them hackers) exploit this fact. 
It's so weird to see stuff like this. 

When I was in network security in the Air Force, *one thing hammered into us that we could NEVER EVER touch without a warrant (or the person's direct consent)* was the user's email. It was considered their property, not ours. 

I'm referring to official email and I had moved on from stuff touching email around 2005.
Why isn't there an industry standard to email encryption like HTTPS for webpages?

I know there is PGP and S/MIME, but those are things the user needs to setup. I know you can do SMTP over TLS, but that's just between me and my email server. 

It's 2015. There should be a seamless encryption system for email. 
This shows the huge (and ever-widening) dichotomy between how the government and citizens think.  Most legislators and government officials appear to think it's strange that warrants should have to be required, while most citizens think it's strange that they're not already required.

They're going "wait, we need a warrant?  just call whatshisname at the fbi/cia/nsa and he'll get it for you"

And we're going "wait, what, they can just take that?  don't they have to get a warrant or something??"

The gulf is widening.
It's a good thing we have a system of government that acts as representatives of the peoples beliefs... Oh wait. 
And increase the goddamn cost of emails by a few fractions of a cent, and suddenly the majority of all spam disappears overnight!
For the record, this access requires a subpoena, and it's even more of a pain in the ass to obtain than a warrant... 

In any case, I agree that it's not right to have information that readily accessible. I just thought it was worth mentioning...
You can quite easily switch over to secure email services like ***Tutanota***. Then your email account is encrypted on the server - it's client-side decrypted. That way it's not just all sitting there for corporations and governments to look at whenever they feel like it.

Sure, it's not secure when you send email to unencrypted recipients, but you can send encrypted email to anyone as long as your recipient has a password. And if someone else has an account, emails are encrypted end-to-end. At the very least, the email account is not just sitting there in the clear.
[deleted]
Interesting. Our national (Slovenia, EU) mobile operator did this with Deezer and a year later got busted by the Agency for communication networks and services, and had to make Deezer count data usage. I am not well versed in the US regulations but who can slam T-Mobile - FCC? If at all?
Did anyone else watch the announcement of this, and listen why John Legere said it's not against NN? I did, and to sum it up, there is no barrier to entry. If you want your service to be included on the list just do it. [It's on their website.](http://www.t-mobile.com/offer/binge-on-streaming-video-list.html)

Now, maybe there are some technical requirements that you need to meet to be able to stream. (Maybe something little like a flag, or maybe something larger like a different codec implementation.) I'd be curious to hear from a smaller video service about how easy it is to have their service added to Binge-On.

It's also up to you if you want this service, you as a customer can toggle it on or off.
**What is net neutrality?**

Net neutrality is when all data on the internet is on a level playing field, it is all treated equally.

**Why is it important?**

When everyone is on a level playing field new services can come online and compete with giants like netflix and not be at a disadvantage.

**What is Binge On?**

Binge on is a service which allows services which follow their guidelines to apply to Tmobile to not have their data metered. Also called zero metering.

**How is that not net neutral?**

Services that are on Binge On get their data counted and anything that isn't gets counted towards your data cap. They are treated differently which makes it not net neutral.

**Implications**

This means that people who want to use a service they will choose a service that does not count towards their data cap. They do not even consider the competition because they don't want to hit their data cap. This locks in the services on Binge On into a competitive advantage.

**The services I use on on Binge On why should I care?**

You should care because now that the largest providers have their competitive advantage thanks to Binge On competition be able to compete because no one is jumping on their service which means the existing services can jack up their prices and be less competitive lowering quality of the service.

**Conclusion**

Remember to think about your future and not just the now. If you let net neutrality die by allow Binge On to live you kill competition along with it. Do not allow these companies to get a competitive advantage through zero metering from Binge On. If you do you may very well create services which have a foothold in their respective category so strong that something like Netflix could become like the next Comcast.
How is this not against net neutrality? 
Can someone explain to me why this destroys net neutrality? I legitimately don't understand. 
So, is it the customers responsibility to watch his video streaming quality? It's unlimited to 480p but what if I can't limit that on Netflix or any other video app? 
Maybe, but here's some facts - there is zero cost increase for a user on a wired network, like your cable company, to send more data, until you reach a very high point that requires more peering.  30gb, 300gb or 3tb, all the same.  And Comcast wants to charge more to everyone, consumers and content providers to deliver it.  T-Mobile and other wireless carriers do see a cost when data usage moves up.  There is limited bandwidth and they also need to prioritize 911 calls over everything, voice over data, and some data (like end user requested data) over other data (like software and firmware upgrades).  And yet they are delivering the most popular data hog platforms for free, including services that compete against each other.  

This is part of an overall strategy to put Comcast out of business.  If Comcast is going to screw over Netflix, Hulu and HBO users, Tmobile will offer a better deal.  Clearly, this first step is only going to make life easier for your TV, but given time, they could make a play for your whole network.  But they can't, not with the limitations they have.  As far as I am concerned, this is the only free market solution to Comcast yet.  And while they are breaking net neutrality also, they aren't extorting money from content providers or end users.  They want to give it to you for free.  

Anything that can compete against Comcast is a good thing.
Stop using T-Mobile if they're going to pull this NNN BS.
Is there a way to make it look like everything you do on the internet comes from one of those sites? That way you get truly unlimited data.
If you use a VPN will it interfere with them recognizing that you're streaming with a Netflix app and still count toward your data usage?
This runaround of net neutrality is disgusting.
I want to know the truth behind their coverage map. The last time I checked there was no 4G LTE coverage, now all of a sudden it is completely covered. However, I am on AT&amp;T right now and their map also says we have 4G LTE but it is a lie. When I call into AT&amp;T to complain they even verify that the tower in my area is only 2G/3G. Anyways, I would love to switch to tmobile from AT&amp;T.
God I want to switch but I'm morally wanting credo mobile still. I need to switch soon. Fuck AT&amp;T. 
I actually like 2 days away from dropping Sprint (after being a customer for years) and signing up with T-Mobile until they came out with this idea. Anti-NN bullshit.
One of the things that worries me about these kinds of plans is the death of our own networks. Surely T-Mobile is not going to allow us to opt our own private networks (business or personal) into this. 

I'm so annoyed that we're going to be forced to pay a T-Mobile approved third party to access data that we can easily serve to ourselves.
So limited set data rate doesn't get counted. Can they just automatically not count anything at that data rate? 
Those are the apps that are the largest data hogs anyway.  If they wont count those against mobile data usage, we shouldn't be happy they are exempting them, we should be angry they have data caps at all.
I'm curious what the technical requirements are. Would it be possible to modify my existing home built system to meet them? If I had more time I would email them and ask what i needed to do for my home streaming service to work. 
This violates net neutrality. Fuck T-Mobile
Do people actually watch movies on their cell phones?
Good guy T-Mobile
Big move by T-Mobile.

Took advantage of the other carriers dishonesty and may soon be taking their clients.
I assume that "not counting against mobile data usage" is paid feature available for everybody. Providers begin to sell their traffic having money for nothing. 

....instead in a year or two once you're used to getting it free we'll just start billing you for it separately.
Sooo... we're supposed to just accept this as a good thing?  What happens when a competing service comes up... and noone will use it because it counts as bandwidth?
Are we going to call their network congestion bullshit bluff with this?
[deleted]
[Anybody need a recharge?](http://i.huffpost.com/gen/1567010/original.jpg)
&gt;While it isn’t part of the IP chapter, the TPP comes with its own legal system, called the investor-state dispute settlement, which shows why it’s such a big deal if each member country adopts the new measures. In theory, the ISDS is a kind of court to help resolve trade disputes. But the consumer-advocacy group Public Citizen warns that it actually “would not meet standards of transparency, consistency, or due process common to TPP countries’ domestic legal systems or provide fair, independent, or balanced venues.”

Great, so the TPP gives private industries the ability to circumvent the existing judicial systems of signatory countries with respect to items covered within the TPP. There's definitely no potential for abuse there. 

And then there's this: 

&gt;all of the provisions that recognize the rights of the public are non-binding, whereas almost everything that benefits rightsholders is binding.

Call me cynical, but this scares me. I can't believe we're giving even more power to corporations to exercise control across national boundaries. 

Add the new legal structure to the language for copyright terms, DRM, ISP liability, and reducing transparency for coding (can anyone say "back door?") and this is a really shitty deal for consumers. I'm afraid of the power that corporations will have under the TPP, power that is sometimes completely outside of existing judicial frameworks.
&gt; The DMCA criminalizes DRM circumvention, which is harsher than a number of other TPP countries’ existing laws.
  
Life in prison it is...
I for one welcome our new fascist overlords.

There is no faster way to get some heads on pikes than getting things to the point where people can't take it anymore.

Bring it on.
It's. Not. A. Trade. Deal.
While free trade is good, I am willing to sacrifice the economy of my country over the intellectual property requirements.

People should not have intellectual property rights. We need copyright laws rescinded, not expanded.

As it is, the TPP doesn't have enough protection for people like me who download and share games, applications, songs, movies, and television shows.
I am really hoping that John Oliver and his team do at least *something* on the TPP in order to spread even more light on this matter. Given how convincing he was with the Net Neutrality piece and what people actually did after it, I really can't see why he would not do this. More shedding light on this, the better.

I just wish, at some point, these matters are actually dealt with experts who are proficient in understand what a large majority of the country's people need in terms of privacy, interests, etc. and companies, instead of just being the companies themselves. 
As an average American internet user, how is my life going to be affected by this? I see several instances where we're exporting our current laws to other TPP countries. That sucks for them, but honestly it could be worse. Where's the part that affects the US?
Where's your tinfoil hats now, assholes???! 
So what can be done to stop this?
&gt;circumvents without authority any **effective** technological measure that controls access to a protected work, performance, or phonogram

wait...that's part of the DMCA? so if you can prove DRM is ineffective...can you get around that?
Well, hell, I'll throw in a few pennies, as I've been reading the damned thing.

Despite what the shills are trying to say, the whole agreement is largely a giant raft of corporate giveaways that will certainly result in massive waves of privatization, enormous growth of the rentier economy and general diminution of economic well being in the US.

Read section 15 for the privatization language (essentially prohibiting governments from supporting "Public" enterprises if that support undercuts the prices that private enterprise would offer at).

The list goes on and on.
Devastating? These provisions seem a little worse than current state, but I'm having a hard time seeing them as horrible. What makes them so bad? 
More clickbait...
I saw another article that stated that something like 60% of the H1B visas are being snapped up by just 13 companies. Is there a reason why they can't simply put a cap on how many visas any one company can apply for?
There have been dozens of accounts of large corporations abusing this specific immigration code and it obviously needs to be addressed. This is a distinct issue from general immigration reform and these abuses should be addressed immediately on a bipartisan scale
It seems like this is proposing that the USA should not issue any new ones for six months – is that correct? This isn't proposing that we revoke any existing ones?
I liked an idea someone on /. suggested, instead of doing a lottery, pick the top 65k applicants by payscale.. that way, you dont deny visas to startups,etc which pay well, and outsourcing companies will still need to pay their employees well to get a visa

Anyways, there is an indirect additional tax on foreign employees since they're charged for social security,etc but dont get the benefits 
Good. 

One of the most disheartening experiences in my grad school education was to see one of those mandatory "we plan to hire an H1-B" postings in a department that was more than happy to churn out about twenty times more PhD graduates than they hired as permanent faculty. 

STEM shortage my ass. It's a pay shortage by administrators who'd rather exploit foreign indentured servants than hire the Americans whose money they're perfectly willing to take. 
They should consider a tariff. That way if the visa is for a truly talented person the company would be happy to pay more. The biggest issue now is that there's an overage of STEM supply and the visa system is generally used to devalue everyone across the board.  A tariff forcing the company to shell out even more money would dissuade the abuse and prevent further devaluation of the STEM workforce.
Can we just clarify something, if there are companies that are "gaming the system", then the immigration regulations are not up to snuff. To get an H1B you are supposed to have an interview at an embassy by a highly qualified officer that can judge if your qualifications are genuine. 

I know lots of colleagues that have been through this interview, and some of them were rightly rigourous. But some of the embassies are so backlogged and under-staffed that the interview was more of a formality. The republicans cant keep opting to provide minimal funds for public services and then complain/suspend them when they dont work well!

Also not issuing them for six months could result in lots of highly qualified professionals, including medical researchers and pharmaceutical workers having to leave the country. This really is something you want to avoid
Well, a couple of the ideas in the article didn't sound *so* bad.
What he doesn't understand is the companies will be free to move their work outside the United States if they can't hire the workers they want in United States. 

This also affects the schools wherein they get some of the brightest talents from the world for their PhD programs who in return expect a decent life after school. I mean, I had plenty of Indian and Chinese professors who were not born here teach me at school, and most of them were genuinely some of the smartest folks I've had the pleasure working with. 

Severely flawed idea with extremely short sighted thinking. 
This kind of nonsense happens in the field of architecture - a lot. No one ever investigates it, and when allegations are made the USDOL has no real power to investigate.
Related NYTimes article: http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2015/11/06/us/outsourcing-companies-dominate-h1b-visas.html
There are some shithead scum of the earth Indian companies who abuse the system, as such this is going to backfire. The H1B system needs reforms for it to be accessible to smaller players. The TCSs of India are giving bad names to all Indian engineers.

Having said that, the quality of US presidential election candidates is appalling. It is unreal how a country who sent man to the fucking moon can have such dumbwits about to lead the country. It is also comical how these xenophobes are also immigrants or children of immigrants themselves! Ted Cruz IIRC is the son of a Cuban immigrant. Ben Carlson is black and Marco Rubio is of ~~Mexican~~ Cuban origin. But the way they talk makes you think that  words are coming from some white supremacist's ass. The point is, I wouldn't give a damn about what these idiots are saying now. Wait till one of them (shudder) reaches the Whitehouse and hopefully they will be milder on all these issues because they will (hopefully, again) have more level headed advisors around them.

Also there is a lot of pandering going on in these debates and talks. The republican candidates are trying to woo the conservative crowd before the primaries, so they tend to say what conservatives like to hear. And that includes Mexicans who take our space, Arabs who take our freedom and Indians who take our jobs.
Why can't the title just say Ted Cruz? Why make him anonymous in the title?
For all the people saying "but enough domestic workers exist" just take a look at the universities and see who the students are. I went to computer science career fair at one of the major East Coast universities (not ivy league, but fairly well known) in order to get good people for our company.

80%-90% of the students at the career fair for computer science at this university were of Asian or Indian descent. Of course many of those could have been US citizens, but I highly doubt it.

Also note that anyone who graduated  at a US university has priority getting a H1B over someone that didn't.



Application period for the H1B visa is the first week of April. I don't really get what suspending it for 6 months would accomplish. A reform in the process of hiring foreign workers should be the way to go. 

Also I feel like some sort of advantage should be given to people who have degrees from schools in the US in the lottery, like a separate quota. Idk the system is pretty much broken at this point. Here is a NYT article going through the corporate abuse of this visa. 

http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2015/11/06/us/outsourcing-companies-dominate-h1b-visas.html?_r=0 
As an F-1 student who in will be graduating in May next year with a undergrad STEM degree, i really do hope they change the H1b visa system.

There are too many consulting companies who pay so much lower then market price while at the same time lie about their employees on their resumes giving them more experience then they have or fake experiences in software which they have no clue about.

I rather go back to my country or try another country than work for these consulting companies if i don't get an H1b visa
If employers truly are hiring them because the skills are so in-demand and rare that we cannot find Americans, then force employers to pay 100k/year for these gold-plated H1B workers. 
The time constant of the overall system is longer than that.
To see any real effect the ban needs to be 2 years or more
Well, he just lost Silicon Valley's vote
If the article is accurate, as a democrat I would seriously vote for this guy.  Great policy!!
Good.  Start hiring from the rolls of the unemployed.
Are there any H1B visa available? The quota usually runs out pretty quick. They only will become available again in October 2016. This sounds like a good idea until you get to the details. 

During the great recession H1Bs became very difficult to get. There was an unofficial stop at that time. This was good. With the high employment at this time, this idea is a little late. 

Getting an H1B at this time had become very very difficult. In the past it was abused but the Obama administration has made it crazy hard. I like that. Only those who deserve should get in.

If you are having outsourcing it is better to have it in the US. that way they buy and spend stuff in the US. 
Wow that would be terrific.  It would put an immediate halt to my large company employer's planned massive layoff in 1Q16.
Luckily for me this doesn't affect B1 visas. Had me worried! 
That dude stands an ice cube's chance in hell of getting that passed! This is NOT your parties agenda, get on board Ted.  

The US hasn't looked out for it's own citizens since I can't remember when. I don't expect it will anytime soon either. This is mere pandering for votes.
Nothing will help get rid of illegals like getting rid of the people who came here legally on a visa only awarded to the best and brightest. This is totally logical. 
Cause there's nothing more dangerous to our freedoms than smart nerds from abroad..

Man, the Republicans are really working hard at this whole "we should appeal to latino voters' thing. 
I work in tech staffing, and I have seen firsthand the differences in how many people are looking. Granted, the system is highly flawed and there are tons of loopholes, but shutting it down is not the answer. Keep in mind that there are technology needs for every company in the world, not just Microsoft, Oracle, and the other big players. There are tons of tech jobs in healthcare, finance, billing, and other areas that have incredibly complex systems that require skilled hands to ensure they work, keeping our daily lives going. 

Plus, a lot of American students flock to the hubs of tech like San Francisco, Seattle, Boston or Austin which does leave a skill deficit in other places that need workers that won't consider living or moving there, whereas H1-B workers will go wherever the have to, because they have to accept the offers they're given. Plus, cost-wise, for contract work at least, the amount the company pays is the same for every worker, so the H1 employees tend to make about 10% less per hour than their counterparts with citizenship. 

I completely agree there are some very unscrupulous contract companies, vendors who bring candidates over and lie about qualifications or have other people interview for them, or companies who abuse the system. However, I'm personally of the thought that a few bad apples shouldn't ruin the bunch. These are people who are highly skilled, very polite, and often leave their families to work. 

I know that if I had the chance to hire nothing but Americans, I'd do it in a heartbeat. If I can't find them or they don't exist in the market I work, then I feel incredibly happy that there are people to cover the gaps. 
Three points here:

1. There is a STEM shortage, *period* in the USA.  However, right now, it's not too bad, but give it 10 years and it will be the death kneel for tech companies resourcing in the US, [code.org](https://code.org/).
2. The shortage *does* involve wages low, medium, and high wages at each tier, companies sometimes need low wage minions for simple work, while other times companies need a high-level architect to fix the low wages work, and mid-level to serve as leads, filling for each level role is near impossible depending on the market you work.
3. I'm all for US based workers, but this is a global economy now, and the US is *not* gearing the next generation for STEM programs, which will only increase out of country help in the future.

Again... [code.org](https://code.org/)
What's with all the not-even-remotely-technology-related politics posts in /r/technology/ lately?
Ahh Republican candidates further courting  the xenophobic segment of the electorate again; I don't know why they bother, they already have that demographic in the bag.
Then I'll keep ignoring their plead to not use ublock origin with all anti-trackers enabled.
Yeah. This isn't surprising. This is most likely beyond the scope of the FCC. They'd probably have better luck taking it to the FTC. It would only bind US companies, but I think it'd be a better fit there.
And I can ignore website's pleas as I run ad blockers, tracker blockers, automatic ad clickers, etc... 
what is a do not track request? 
This is only half the story. So far, my experience shows that the do not track javascript object *does not correctly report the settings* between browsers. I'm a privacy fiend but, ironically, I'm developing an analytics system and "do not track" in my tests so far only return what it's actually set to in firefox. (especially combined with the battery javascript object - yes, I can get the status of your battery)

Additionally, do not track is just a way of saying "please don't" but only if the developer looks for it. *It's completely optional for developers to follow*. It's not like it's a setting that you can turn off and on and suddenly get privacy. Furthermore, it doesn't affect what the server sees.
Oh well, I'll just keeep uBlock Origin, Ghostery, and NoScript enabled then.
I want **less** laws on the Internet, not more.

I don't want [any government telling any web-site that they have to do anything](http://www.inta.org/INTABulletin/Pages/UNITEDKINGDOMCourtDemandsISPsBarEntrytoWebsitesSellingCounterfeitGoods.aspx).

- i don't like the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act
- i don't like the Digital Millennium Copyright Act
- i don't like the Child Protection and Obscenity Enforcement Act
- i don't like the Stop Online Piracy Act
- i don't like the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act
- i don't like the EU cookie law
- i don't like any [court telling anyone it must erase anything](http://www.cnet.com/news/google-must-delete-search-results-rules-european-court/)

And i certainly don't like the FCC telling anyone that they have to do anything.

Unless, of course, that person is allowed to tell the FCC:

&gt; Go fuck yourself.


Had no idea that was a voluntary option. If it is what's the point of even having it? 
Privacy Badger and uBlock for me. 
I'll keep my uBlock on.
Do not block is a really stupid idea and I support it not being required. There's way better ways to do this than an arbitrary http header that's not recognized in most web servers. 
Well, I don't know about you guys, but this FCC running the internet thing is working great!  Even better thsm i expected!  I mean, a government with a for sale sign hanging around its neck...what could possibly go wrong?
If you entered a store  shopping would you be upset of you were being filmed?

Because in most stores you are.

If you don't like it don't go to that store, use your wallet as a voice, because that is the only thing for profit companies care about.

Same with any website, but its much easier to stop a website from viewing what you do then a store.


